"This case was really big.  It was twice as large as my machine, and I have a normal Kenmore.  I wouldn't recommend this case if you travel with your machine.  It clunks around inside and the case takes up a lot of room.

Also, because there is a bottom part too, you can't just ""set"" the top on top of the machine as a dust cover - it is too short."
I just received my Singer 611 universal case.  I purchased it to use with my new Kenmore sewing machine - it fits perfect.  It is very heavy duty compared to the look of the Kenmore universal case.  The bottom of the sewing machine sits inside of the case which I liked and seems to be a safer way to carry the machine.  The latches seem very strong.  I am really happy with the case.
"This case is a extremely sturdy case and an excellent buy for the money.  It is very similar to the case I had for my other machine and I had that for 30 years.  I like the deeper tray on the bottom and the metal, yes I said metal latches that securely anchor the bottom to the top.  You can't go wrong on this case.  I purchased another case before I bought this one from Sears a Kenmore case, and the first time I picked up the machine the bottom fell out.  Fortunately I was very close to the floor and the machine was not damaged.  This case does not have that problem.  I also like the nice integrated handle, it is sturdy and comfortable.  A great buy."
"Purchased for new machine to allow for storage in residence. Unlike older cases it doesn't secure machine as much as I would like; however, better than the lightweight plastic dust cover that came with machine. I went with this slightly higher-priced case since cheaper case wasn't well-rated by other reviewers."
"I got this case for my Singer 7442 sewing machine that I bought from amazon a couple years ago.  It fits perfectly and has room for the foot pedal, cords and all.  It's a good way to keep the dust off of the machine and it looks a lot nicer when left out on the table.

I also like that it's not too heavy so it doesn't increase the weight of the machine by much and is easy to carry around.  I'd recommend it for anyone that has a machine without a case."
"I purchased this to use with a low-end machine I bought for our winter place in Texas.  The machine didn't come with a case and this one fits the bill.  It's large enough for the machine, foot pedal and cords.  The locks and handle appear fairly sturdy.  It wouldn't take a lot of bumping around on a plane or similar but for me to store a machine in to keep it clean and out of the way, it's perfect.  The price was sure right too!"
"<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Singer-611-BR-Universal-Hard-Carrying-Case-for-Most-Free-Arm-Sewing-Machines/dp/B000WOM50W/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Singer 611. BR Universal Hard Carrying Case for Most Free-Arm Sewing Machines</a>
I recently purchased a Brother sewing machine, which did not come with a carrying case. We have various sewing projects to support some church mission outreach programs, that I would like to help with. I bought this carrying case in order to safely transport my sewing machine from one location to another.  It holds it nicely and is sturdy, offering good protection and ease of carrying.  When not in use, it keeps dust off as well.  I'm very happy with this purchase."
"Fits my singer ok.  Just wish machine companies didn't think all of us can afford big expensive lift cabinets, thats why they don't offer cases anymore with your machine when you buy it. But this is a good buy, for a protective case when your not using your sewing machine."
"After reading reviews for other cases, referencing issues with flimsiness or such a big size the machine would bang around, I went with this case.  And I'm very happy I did.

My new Brother CS6000, with the attachments, fits nicely into the case:  set the machine in, poke the foot pedal and cords in, put the top on, snap it into place.  The plastic and latches seem sturdy, and the whole package is not too heavy to carry around."
I found the carrying case is made of excellent quality and the case is universal for also brother sewing machine.  I would highly recommend this product if you need a new case for your sewing machine.
No problems just as advertised.
I love this hard case it is a must a sewing machine it makes it so easy to transport. It keeps it safe keeps it clean.
"Covers my Brother CS6000i perfectly. Made of solid material,Im 250lbs. and wouldnt be afraid to stand on it. I also have room for some sewing stuff. Pics"
Perfect hard case for my sewing machine.  Universal size and will fit many models.  Provides stability and protection and is not too heavy.
Good case. There's room to fit the foot peddles and manuals along with the sewing machine.
Great sewing machine for the price
good product
it keep the machine in good condition
EXCELLENT
Fit my new machine perfectly and makes it easier to carry and store.
PROTECTS MY SEWING MACHINE JUST FINE AND SCURELY.
Works great
Just what i needed - fits my SINGER | Heavy Duty 4423 Sewing Machine perfectly
"I'm very pleased with this purchase, and have ordered an additional one for my spare machine. Highly recommend!"
Works well for my daughter-in-law.
"This is a must have to keep your sewing machine protected, dust free, and makes it child proof. I have a toddler and having this has been a life saver."
Lightweight but strong and durable
This carrier is great for taking my sewing machine anywhere. It is also a great cover for my machin
Light weight and perfect for my new machine.
The 4411 Singer machine fits perfectly in it.
I love this storage idea. Keep my toddler away for my sewing machine. Just lock it leave it on the table.
great sewing machine.
Holds my granddaughter's Singer sewing machine very well.
Fit perfectly with my daughter's machine.
just what I wanted
Yep - fits my singer like a glove.  Easy to carry and protects from dust.
This is so perfect for my Singer 5400 sewing machine. Thank for selling this amazing item!
Thank you all great product.
didn't keep sewing machine so case was returned
I love it! My sewing machine fits perfectly!
This carrying case is more sturdy than I taught it was.  I am very happy with this and would recommend to anyone who is thinking about purchasing one.
Love it.  works perfectly with my new singer.
perfect
Love this case!!! My singer fits perfectly!!
"Sturdy, the clasps are strong and everything is well made.
That said it is way too big for the machine. I understand that this is more of a universal case but it is huge compared to my machine which is not small but an average size. I wish a small case had been offered."
perfect fit
Carries my singer sewing machine everywhere
"Size does not fit the sewing machine at all, it's way too big. Maybe better for other (bigger) sewing machines, but shoukd not be advertised as if it matches the Singer 1234. Cause it absolutely does not."
Good
"Just as described but sorry to say Walmart was cheaper, but that's ok."
"Protect your investment, keep the dust / dirty collecting oily moving parts. Durable."
"Would not recommend. The one we received appeared to be used. Was literally filthy dirty. Black smudges and hand prints all over it. Was scratched, scraped and marked. On top of that, plastic sides were so warped that case would not close. Sold as a companion to a rather heavy sewing machine, I have my doubts that the case would remain intact if picked up by the handle.  If there was a zero star rating, this would deserve it. Look elsewhere for a generic case."
Good quality
Very nice fits my machine great
excellent machine.
"I really like that its super plain and it doesnt have any weird shapes like the brother sewing case. I actually bought this for my Brother innovis 40 and it fits fine.

The reason I gave 4 stars was because mine arrived a little dirty."
I like this item very much.
"This case can hold the singer sewing machine I purchased for my daughter a couple months ago. It's a great case, hard shell, her heavy duty singer sewing machine fits perfectly."
Great product.
I like that its lightweight and it will protect our new singer sewing machine. I expected a harder plastic but this will do. The plastic is similar to Rubbermaid plastic totes.
Very sturdy. Fist most sewing machine.
Fit moms machine fine she uses it all the time.
"holds my brother machine nicely, has some extra space where I store a small pack of extra bobbins some threads and accessories."
"This is a nice, affordable case and prevents the machine from getting dusty and allows me to take it places. I wish it had a hole for the cords to fit through so I could keep it plugged in while on my seweing table with the cover on."
This case is sturdy and light weight.  Very pleased with it.
"this is awesome, I expected a so so product for the money I spent , but this is a sturdy high quality item. fits my machine niceley and protects from dust, bans and bruises."
Good
I love it and so glad I got it in such great shape and so fast
Good
Perfect for a sewing machine my best girlfriend gave me!
As described! Fast shipping!!
good
Covers my sewing machine and keeps dusts out
aa
"I bought a vintage Singer 301 sewing machine on eBay that was supposed to come with its original case. But it didn't (which is a whole other story). So after a year and hauling my machine around without a case, I purchased this one. I looked at a couple others, but the details on this listing include the best measurements of the ones I looked at. It it absolutely perfect for my sewing machine and the accessories I need to take along. Its nice to have it to store my machine when its not in use so it doesnt get dusty. Plus, it now makes taking my sewing machine along when I need to much easier. Great value!"
works as expected
I am so pleased with my sewing machine cover.
"sturdy cover, will do the job well."
Fit my wife's machine perfectly.
"Very nice, hard case for storing/transporting my Singer sewing machine."
"Thank you, I received a very quickly and very happy on this product"
My machine fits perfectly.
"This is ok. Doesn't really hold the sewing machine as tight as I would like. If I took it on a road trip, I'm sure my machine would get knocked around quite a bit. I kept it, but don't love it."
The cover is fantastic...keeps my machine free of dust and makes it easy to carry and store!!!
Nice robust case room for a few accessories as well
Goood!!
"So far its sewing well, the tension is good. I did not give it 5 stars because it does not handle thick seams ( eg jean hems) as well as was described & the base of the machine is metal but the rest is plastic."
Nice carrying case.
"We got this for our daughter for Christmas.  To be honest, I was a bit hesitant because it seemed so inexpensive for a Singer.  I thought there has to be a catch.  Nope!!  She absolutely LOVES it and said we have never gotten her a more perfect gift!  Although she knits and needlepoints, she had not really gotten into ""sewing"".  But since Christmas she has made a Quilt AND 7 ""Cosmetic-size"" Bags for her Bridesmaids, each Bag having a zipper even!  Excellent Sewing machine without going over the top and spending 100's of dollars."
"It's perfect, for my machine. Keeps it protected and clean when not being used. Sturdy. I wouldn't suggest lifting it to carry by the handle; as the side clips do not hold securely for more than a few moments with a heavy sewing machine inside it. They tend to pop open, which can drop the bottom of the case and your machine... But it is easy enough to lift it and carry it with two hands underneath the bottom. The plastic has some give to it - some flex, so it isn't hard and brittle."
Very good.
heavy duty
Necessary item to protect newly purchased sewing machine.
"Solid case, but being a ""universal"" case, it doesn't fit overly well. But it protects the sewing machine and keeps little fingers out of it."
a safe plsce for the machine.
roomy enough for my portable Kenmore and easy to carry.
"dimensions are not what they say too big and bulky for my machine, but you get what you pay for."
I like this case it does whats its made for but being universal it's WAY to big for my machine.
Protect my sewing machine
Love how my machine and pedal fit inside. Durable and easy to clean.
All in all this case is a good case
good product
works great
This hard cover case is perfect for my Kenmore Sewing Machine!
Great machine for sewing basic clothing such as dresses and other outfits. Not for quilting or thick suit materials. Very pleased.
Came in great shape and hold machine well.
"Sturdy, well built - exactly what I was looking for to store my Singer Heavy Duty sewing machine."
"Good quality, light, and durable! Fits my singer sewing machine great."
I did not like this at all.  The machine sits down in a bucket and then the lid latches on.  Probably good if you are going to store your machine away for quite some time but not good for daily use.
"Still trying to get the needle threader working. Called Singer but they couldn't help much. Hopefully, I will get it started in the next couple of days."
Wife loves the ease of use for storing her sewing machine.
organizes the storages of my machine . I ma happy
Nice.
"Box was pretty much destroyed upon receipt, but item was okay. Thank you."
Every tough and does a great job at keeping your sewing machine safe
Fits Sears machine perfectly and looks very nice.
"Seems to be a good case, I wish I didn't have to purchase it separately from the sewing machine. Opens on both ends for easy access."
Protects my sewing machine from dust and dirt. It is comfortable to transport anywhere without being hit.
"I did not like anything about the carrying case. It is so big it's  hard to  carry my singer. I would have sent it back, but did not feel it was worth the hassle.
I would not recommend this case to anyone only as a last resort."
Great product and fast shipment.
Fit my Singer really well. Good price. Sturdy.
I had a sewing machine of my Mom's that didn't have a case. I didn't want it collecting dust when not in use. This case fit perfectly and is durable. The latches secure nicely so I don't have to worry about it falling out when carrying it. I even have a little extra room for anything else I might want to store with the sewing machine. Excellent price for a very sturdy case.
Perfect case.
Great case
Purchased for adult daughters along with Singer sewing machines. They were sturdy and seemed to fit the size of the machines. Daughters noted that they were enough larger than the machines to make it possible to store small items with the machines. We were very pleased to find these readily available on Amazon along with sewing machines.
"Case fits my sewing machine perfectly. Came securely packaged. Good quality material. Shipped and received quickly.
Was bought as a Xmas gift and the recipient was very, very happy with it.  I have the same machine as she does, so
I will be ordering one for myself in the near future. The price was very reasonable as well."
"While a bit large for the Singer 4423 I own, it does the job.  The extra space actually comes in handy for storing misc items like an extension cord, scissors, etc.  I am a little worried that there is nothing securing the sewing machine, so if the case is tilted or otherwise jostled the machine will bounce around inside."
great case for my sewing machine
Super Quick Delivery. Perfect.
"Fits my Brother CS6000i, the foot pedal, and power cord."
"Come on fool, you need a case for it, unless you are sewing 24/7"
perfect fit and truly strong
Durable.  As described
Arrived as expected. Tape on box was opened.  Gift bag too small for sewing machine.  Not happy.
So useful. You can pick up the whole thing from the handle and it keeps your whole machine safe and clean.
"Universal? I suppose so, it is way big on my Singer 4423. It will work and on a positive note, I can put alot of sewing necessities in the case with the machine so when I am ready to sew, everything is on hand."
"I just got mine. The cardboard box it comes in shows the Singer logo, which doesnt happen on the case itself. The white hard-plastic box was clean and unused. It looks cheap, badly finished though, and is universal to the sense that almost any machine will losely fit in it. Mine, with loads of extra space. Ill use some foam to design a slot to prevent the machine from wobbling inside it. I intend to use the case exclusively for protection from dust."
Just OK
Stores the sewing machine.
Perfect. Works like a charm.
Work a well
"It's well worth the price for this very good sturdy case for a sewing machine. It's to bad the machine didn't work, had to send it back. I'm keeping the case for another machine."
works great with my sewing machine
Delivery was prompt. This was part of a gift and I was pleased to see it was as expected from the description
Perfect universal singer sewing machine travel case.
"My wife absolutely loves this machine, and has been selling for 50 years. I upgraded her old singer which finally wore out after decades of continuous use, and she is more than thrilled with this machine. It is easy to use, self threading, has a nice bright LED light, and does a fantastic job. In addition to all that, it is absolutely the best price I could find for this machine. I went to Sears to look at this machine, which cells there for $200 the day I purchased this, and they will not match prices for Internet sales. Left the store and order this immediately"
Fits my sewing machine well and has enough room for extra fabric and supplies.
Fits my Heavy Duty Singer machine perfectly.
works fine
Fits my sewing machine and has room to upgrade to a bigger model one in the future. Great thick plastic hard case.
"It's a sewing machine case, and it does its job without being too heavy. I bought it to protect/store my Singer 4423 Heavy Duty Model. For now, the plastic is bright white and the clasps function perfectly. Time will tell how well this case holds up."
Case was perfect for my machine
"Fits my Singer Heavy Duty 4423 quite well. Just enough room in the case for me to slide the Manual and dust cover in there as well. Made from heavy plastic, with a sturdy handle and thick metal latches to hold your machine secure."
"Good fit, with some room to spare. I stored the sewing machine along with the styrofoam that came with the original sewing matching box. This makes a much better snuff fit and can remove syrofoam as space is needed."
Exactly what I wanted.
Came in a brown box with the word gift written in pen but SINGER was on the outside of box.  Giving away what the gift was :(
I would have liked to have a case that fit semi tightly around the machine to protect the machine during transport but This case does what it is designed to do. I just have to make sure I keep the styrofoam padding the machine came in while pact in the original box and use that to protect it during transport. It turns out that the the machine pact in the styrofoam actually fits perfectly in this case so I am happy.
"Just what I expected (and that's a good thing).  Well, there is a little more room than I expected, which I am very happy about.  I was hoping to be able to cram some sewing notions in the case along with my sewing machine.  It's slightly bigger than the box the Singer Classic 44S came in, making it a perfect fit."
"It is big for my machine, but seems to hold well and it doesn't move around. Send strong and durable."
My Bother serger fits perfectly!
Outstanding quality. Feels well made and solid.
Love
"Arrived quickly, exactly as described"
Fits my sewing machine perfectly and it is sturdy but light weight !
Great cover for my Singer sewing machine.
"Thank you for the prompt delivery of the Sewing Machine 611. BR Universal Hardcover. I fit my Singer perfectly, but is not too heavy or awkward for me to carry."
"Fits perfectly. A good choice for the Singer 4423 Heavy Duty I purchased. Keeps it safe from cats, dust, and liquids and I can stack light things on it in the closet."
I purchased this with the Singer 4411 Heavy Duty Sewing Machine and it is perfect when you need to put the sewing machine away.
"I bought this for an old Montgomery Ward Model 1954 sewing machine.  With the spool of thread on the top it measures 14""H, 15""L and 7""W.  It fit great inside this case in that configuration with room to spare for the foot pedal and some other stuff.  I measured inside dimensions of 13""H where the handle is, 14.5""H to the sides of the handle, 18.5""L and 9.5""W.  Seems like a well made case, doesn't feel cheap.  Used some small carabiners purchased at 99c store to secure the latches on the side as well so it doesn't inadvertently open up."
"Happy Wife, Happy... yeah it's good not like it magically seals itself and repairs any damage with nanobots, but it works"
Machine is excellent for my needs.
Excellent!
Perfect when you need it move
perfect fit
This universal case is a good value. It does the job of keeping my sewing machine free of dust and possible damage.
I am very happy with the purchase ...
"It is just the box, so I sent it back and they were very nice and very fast to answer me. Anyway, it is a really big and nice box."
Was very satisfied with the prompt service and of course with the Product will use them again and will recommend to others.
Fits perfectly and protects my singer. Very convienent
Arrived on time and is a great hard cover for the Singer machine I ordered for my wife.
"Just what I needed to store my older model Singer. The foot pedal and cords fit in here as well. Previously my machine was in a sewing table, so I hadn't used a storage cover before. This one is just what I needed and a decent price. Will keep my Singer dust free and portable. Sturdy latch. Would recommend."
"The website says ""17 x 8.5 x 12 inches"" but this case is bigger than that and will not work for my machine. The quality looks fine, but I have to return it."
"Great case,lightweight, and keeps my sewing machine from getting dusty and knocked about!"
fits my sewing machine well! happy to have a sturdy place to store
"A bit overpriced, but it fits my Singer."
Very sturdy
"This case snaps tightly.  It is a little wide, but it has room to store your manual, cord, etc.  It is very sturdy."
The case is sturdy but the machine is not stable in it. It can slide around when carrying.
Perfect for storing not just the machine but big enough for other items like additional thread box and extension cord.
Its a case.
I will be Buying a Singer Quilting and Sewing Machine Prayfully by Christmas!  And it will be a Singer!  Thank You and God Bless!  Jane
Keeps my Singer safe. I love it.
ok
Love this machine. Great price.
Perfect for my sawing machine
good carrying case for singer sewing machine.
Great reliable case for my sewing machine!
"I bought two such cases at a local Jo-Ann fabric store, but decided to leave my comment here, because I noticed some people wanted to know the maximum weight  the case could carry, and most answers are like ""don't know"", ""not sure"" etc. )))

So, I purchased one case for my modern Singer (mod. 1120, strictly speaking not very new, it's 13 years old, but the same white all-plastic body like newer models) and the other one for my vintage Singer, mod. 328K (made in Clydebank, Glasgow, Scotland, in 1965... in those days when things were made to last for dozens of years. :0) I bought it at a local antique store, and it came without its native case, so I needed something to protect it from dust and accidental impacts.)

Mod. 1120 weighs 15 lb, fits the case perfectly well and I don't see any problems whatsoever about this weight.
Mod. 328K weighs 21 lb, also fits the case and I can carry it easily around the house whenever I need it.
The case does its job, feels sturdy and reliable, no signs of flimsiness or threats of falling apart. The locks are good and strong too.
All in all - the case is firm and durable.

I also own an antique Singer, hand-crank mod. 28K, made in the same plant as my 328K, but 40 years earlier (in 1926... in those days when things were made to last for a couple of centuries minimum. :0)
 I don't need a case for it since it came in its own beautiful bent-wood one, but just out of curiosity tried it  as well into the plastic case I'm reviewing.
My all-cast iron with a wooden base mod. 28K weighs 30 lb, fits into the case all right, and I can also carry it around the house, but I think if I, for whatever reason, needed to carry it from place to place very often - the handle would give up pretty soon - maybe in a few weeks. This weight feels a little bit too much for the plastic stuff the handle is made of... but otherwise it's OK too.

So, for future reference: the case is ideal for keeping and  CARRYING sewing machines up to 20-21 lb.
And quite suitable for keeping (but not carrying for too long!) heavier vintage/antique ones.
Hope my review will be useful for other people looking for a reliable sewing machine case. ;0)"
"Large size fit my Singer sewing machine well, just had to remove the top spool holder to get it to close. Bought the like new case for a discount & really glad I did, saved a few dollars for a case that looks looked perfect  with no issues. Plastic is good heavy quality, should last a lifetime."
does the job
Light weight and nice shape
as described
11 year old son loves it.
The machine fits in perfectly.  Attractive case with a strong handle to carry the case.
This carry case fits the sewing machine perfectly...great for storage.
work good
Liked it
"Arrived in perfect condition, is easy to use, no problems yet after 1 month of light use."
works great
Great  value very pleased
"It is bigger than I'd thought, but it is very sturdy and should be very satisfactory."
it feet my machine very useful
very durable
Great product. I love it.
great item
Perfect for my Brother CS6000i sewing machine.  Somewhere in the reviews someone used the styrofoam their machine was packed in to keep it from sliding around in the case.  Luckily I still had the packing in my office and put it in the bottom of the case.  Had to whittle it down a bit; but the  machine sits firmly in the case.  Nice solid case.
For light duty only. I found it jammed with any material with weight. Easy to use though!
My sewing machine is now safely stored away. This is a very nice carrying/storage case. I would highly recommend.
worked perfectly for my new singer and my old singer. Definitely worth the money.
Very nice case
Excelent perfect for my sawing machine.
Great for keeping a sewing machine protected and free from dust when not in use.  It also is a must if the sewing machine needs to be mobile.
Perfect fit for the sewing machine i bought!
"It's too big for my machine, I had to cut some foam to put in the bottom so it didn't slide around. Otherwise the construction is good and it will safely carry and store my machine for my move."
Excelent
nice and light and leaves some room for gadgets and supplies.
Ok
The case is good quality and not too heavy.  However it is way too big for the Singer machine I bought along with this case (as it is bundled with that machine on Amazon).  I had to cut some strips of upholstery foam to stuff in the front and back when machine was in the case to prevent it sliding around.  You may want to check your machine size before you buy one.  I understand the cases come in different sizes.
Love my sewing machine cover. It was a bit larger than I expected but it's perfect.
Fit perfectly with space fit extras
It's a little big but it carries the machine and really protects it.  Good sturdy case.
It fit like  a glove. It makes moving the machine a pleasure
"Perfect for my Singer machine. It is sturdy, latches made well. Enough room to keep machine and smaller sewing accessories in one convenient place. A must have to preserve your Singer machine, great investment."
"Excellent case for my Singer 4423.... fits with a bit of room to spare....
not sorry I purchased this, you won't be either...."
"My Singer Heavy Duty 4452 fits in perfectly and with the Styrofoam that came in the original box with the machine, keeps the machine nice and snug."
Study and will protect machine well.  A little bulky.
"Seems to work, carries my new Singer Traditional Sewing Machine. It feels and looks like the 'One Size Fits Most' item that it is. It feels a little too roomy for my machine. I guess the ridges in the base keep machines from moving around too much. I was disappointed to find that even though this is advertised as being a Singer Product that it carries no indication (Brand/Logo Symbol) on it. Maybe that is because it could also hold other makes of sewing machine. Still, I like the Singer Brand and there is no indication of that on the carrier."
Does not fit the  SINGER 1+ One Plus 221-Stitch Computerized Sewing Machine with LCD Screen and Instructional DVD that I bought it for.
"great case, carry well"
Nice case fits my machine great.
Very nice case would recommend to others an delivered on time Thanx again
"I had one of these already and needed another.  Simple design, but does it's job.  Highly recommend."
Perfect for my new machine!
Hard to fill the bobbin
"This Machine Cover, is as advertised, it fits my Singer 5400 See & Sew Machine as if it was part of the Machine. I am very pleased with my purchase."
Big enough for my machine.  I was also able to add a my sewing kit inside. Wished they came in colors.
This sewing case looked brand new... I am  very happy!
good size
It works exactly as I expected.  My sewing machine I've had for years without a case fits perfectly and now I can store it and keep it dust free.
"Also has room inside to carry other small items -scissors, patterns, etc."
Excellent no complain
Nice case.
Great case for the money!  Just wish it secured the sewing machine to the bottom of the case.
Good product.  Only issue is that it is a pure white and shows up dirk quite easily.
Stores great! Could also stuff other things with the machine. Would recommend to buy with sewing machine.
This case works perfectly for the discontinued Singer XL-1-Quantum sewing machine.  There's also room for the cord and a manual.
"Arrived as seller said, was very happy with my purchase and will recommend them."
I bought this with my singer sewing machine and it fits perfectly fine. It protect the machine from dust.
Practical thing to have if you travel with your sewing machine.
"My old Singer case would've fit my new machine-but, this one is so light and fresh! Could've been a tighter/better fit as my new machine is smaller-but, I know this is used for many Singer machines."
"Item arrived earlier than expected! I have t he Singer 1304, dimension of 13 x 7 x 11.5. The case is much bigger than the machine which give room for any sewing miscellaneous. The case is well made for sure. I saw the box thrown to my brick front porch when delivered and nothing happened. Good price too. Highly recommend!"
My daughter in law loves it!
Case worked great. Fit well for our new Singer sewing machine.
fits well
Perfect for the machine I purchased for my wife.
Best product and cheap in price
Love my Singer case.
Fits machine perfect. Good quality.
Excellent protection.
Fits the sewing machine perfectly with room for the pedal and cord with it getting kinked.
would fit a larger machine as well - plenty of room in here!~
Sewing machine cover fits good
It's a nice box but that's all it is. There are no pockets or anything for things like the manual or accessories.
seems fine but over priced considering the machine its self was only $110
Great machine.
"The machine, (Singer 7643)  cable, and foot pedal control easily fit this case.  It provides very good protection.  The machine however, is not ""locked"" to the case or ""in-position"" in any way.  If carried by the handle it should be fine, but it can slide round a little bit when in the case.  Nothing much to worry about but felt it worth mentioning.  I like it"
Does a great job protecting my sewing machine and making it travel ready. Also has enough room for all my sewing tools and supplies.
This is a great item.  Now I can carry my sewing machine and know that it is well protected.  The case is well made with hard long lasting plastic.
I love it. I purchased this case to protect a Singer 4411 Heavy duty. It fits perfect and I can even insert the foam that came with the sewer machine. So I'm positive that this protects 100% my machine and storage everything. It's perfect!
Great cover
Nice
Must have to keep your sewing machine clean.
Perfect fit for my SINGER 4423 Heavy Duty sewing Machine
Beyond Perfect and roomy enough for the foot pedal. Very pleased.
Does what it is supposed to do and doesn't run around the house when unattended.
"Only problem is,it  is a little big for my machine. My machine is a small simple free arm. But large size is not a big problem."
This machine runs really smooth. Excellent choice very pleased with my purchase .
Sewing machine fits nicely and easy to travel with
friend was pleased
Quality case and works great!
Love it!
"Case is well made, fits perfectly & protects sewing machine well."
"Good, hard case.  Large enough for machine and some accessories."
Simply a box that you can set a sewing machine into to store it. It is not fitted to the machine at all.
great lightweight way to protect my machine while not in use. It is very convenient and practical.
very lightt and easy to use.
There is nothing wrong with this case; it just is much too large for the sewing machine I bought it for.  I assumed it would be the perfect fit for the machine I bought from Amazon at the same time.  Amazon should make it clear that .  .  .
Does the job for a reasonable price.
I am very satisfied with this
This case is terrific. It will protect and keep my sewing machine clean!
As advertised
Just as advertised works great protects my machine while transporting the machine.
This is the best case i have ever had.
"I bought the Singer 4432 machine and this with it when I read that the machine didn't come with a cover.  This is heavy and huge, and it will only be used when I want to store the machine in a closet.  It is much easier to pick up the machine by itself than using this large case."
Helps keeps the kids out of machine and fit nicely.  Nice case for the money.  Also with the little bit of spare room I'm able to keep some things with the machine
Bought for someone so cannot give review
Didn't even have this a year and it broke. Before that I had a number of issues.
as expected
Good price and prompt delivery.
Fits my sewing machine perfect!
great
"I have the SINGER 8763 Curvy Computerized Free-Arm Sewing Machine with 30 stitches

This case fits my machine perfect
Very well made. Good solid plastic case. Top and bottom lock with no issues.
The case is a bit big for the machine but I haven't had any issues with sliding and leaves room for wires."
Perfect carry- all for your machine & supplies!
"Good qualty storage case. Fits my Singer great, with all accessories. I highly recommend it."
My mom likes it so I like it!
Great Buy!
I love it very handy.
Very good material
Great for keeping my machine dust-free and stowing extra parts
"The case is large enough to set the Singer sewing machine without any difficulty, and is easy to carry !"
Perfect fit to Singer Machine
"My wife loves this, so much easier then her old one, very helpful cds and instructions"
Gotta have this...perfect storage cover.
"Good container for my 4411, albeit a little large. The only negative I'll give is that I found it at Walmart $10 cheaper."
Seems well made but it's considerably larger than the Singer 4423 I bought it for.
normal
for my daughter
Kind of big for mine and many models would fit inside but you need to put padding inside so the machine doesn't bang around. I wish they still made cases for each model. :(
She loved it
"This case isn't at all appealing to me visually. It however, is excellent for protecting your sewing machine. I really like it :)"
Was just what I needed.
Very nice....
"Great, light weight case that easily fits my sewing machine."
Nice cover to easily transport sewing machine.
Excellent carrying case for the sewing machine and keeps it well protected
Good buy.
Perfect case for my machine and some sewing paraphernalia.
Good case protects the sewing machine well. Perfect fit.
"It works for my new sewing machine.  A little larger, so it would be nice if it had adjustable sides on the inside, so that you could also store supplies or manuals."
Excellent
"This case is somewhat sloppy for a machine. There is nothing to hold it from rolling around inside. It's ok I guess for long term storage or something, but a cardboard box would work for that just as well."
"it works but not the same like the good old days to where it fits like a glove, but it does work"
Fits our machine perfectly!  Great protection for my 9-year old daughter carrying her machine to/from school.
Great to keep my machine safe from damage.
"Too small, does not keep my serger machine safe."
Great
Ideal for carrying around my Singer 4432 portable industrial machine.  Wanted something to protect the machine itself and this works well.  I just pad the insides since it is a universal and it holds the base after well
"Nice latches. You standard sewing machine will fit inside.  Good handle,durable, and clean."
Works great.
"The case has no framing inside to hold the machine in place. Therefore, the machine is not well secured and the case does not function well to transport or store the sewing machine."
"Good price, good quality, fit my Singer perfectly.  No regrets with this purchase"
Excellent quality.
A
Great
Good
Very nice carrying case for the sewing machine.
case is good but to large for what I needed had to return it. but would definitely get it if I had a larger machine
love it
Great item
Very nice product!  Excellent service!  Thank you!
This case is made sturdier than the 4432 plastic junk Singer sewing machine they make. I recommend you buy this for a modern plastic Singer sewing machine. You're gonna need it.
"Nice clean lines. Machine fits well inside. Carrying handle and side latches seem strong and function smoothly. Strong plastic with some flexibility. There's even a little ""wiggle room"" inside so you can store a small project with the machine. Has made moving my portable machine very easy. I remove the machine for sewing then simply replace it in the case, pick up and go. Also a good protection for the sewing machine and makes it easy to slide the whole thing onto a shelf for storage."
good case cheap price
Fit my sewing machine perfectly :) seems well-enough made. I picked this one because of the way the handle is - I can stack stuff on top of this if need be. Most have the handle sticking up so nothing can sit on top.
Does the job well
"I had never known these existed, and I purchased 4 of them for various machines I had that got dirty so fast due to no cases."
sewing machine fits easily and room to store miscellaneous
"What I expected, a little roomy for the 1304 start, leaves plenty of room for other things."
Love it
Perfect fit for my Singer sewing machine.  The machine was in a cabinet for years and no longer wanted it sitting out.  Perfect case to store until needed.  Highly recommend.
"fits her singer machine perfectly, and she loves it
prompt delivery and great service"
Excellent!!!!!!
good for the price
Perfect to protect the sewing machine from dust or damage when not in use.
I recently purchased a sewing machine and wanted a place to store it when it isn't in use. This is a great hard carrying case and storage case for my sewing machine. I have a Singer Confidence and it fits in the case - with room for the foot pedal and the power cord. It is easy to carry and snaps securely on the base.
Real nice container.  I'm very happy with the high quality.
"Got this to just sew hems, pillow cases, and etc.  This is a simple machine but it does just about everything."
Very nice case
This case is a must to protect your Singer sewing machine.
Great fit for the sewing machine.
"I purchased this case for my Babylock Molly sewing machine and I LOVE it!  Plenty of room for my machine and other items as well!  It is well made and looks nice too.  I would highly recommend this sewing case and this seller. My case arrived 2 days after making the order, was well packaged.  I'm happy!"
Case
"Much better for Brother XL2600 machine, than the Brother 5300 case."
Gifted this case to my girlfriend. She loves it...says it's perfect.
It's a good thing compared to the price.
It fita well with our Singer 4422. Protects the sewing machine from dust and scratch. Very handy and genuine singer product!
Product came as described and on time!
It's very useful thing! There's enough place to put threads or some fabrics. I really like it! The lock is tight. The handle is very reliable. I recommend it to everybody who wants to keep their sewing machines safe and out of dust.
Highly recommend!
does exactly what it is supposed to do; protect the machine. Very sturdy!
"Bigger than I expected, but great for carrying and storing my sewing machine."
Love it
Granddaughter loves it
Perfect fit for my sewing machine.
thank you
Great as a gift!
"It doesn't fit exactly, but it keeps the dust off it."
Works great!
It does what it was designed to do (holds several different models of sewing machines and protects them from dust or other hazards).
Works perfect
Perfect case for my Singer sewing machine.  Machine and foot pedal fit easily into this case.
Didn't work for my needs which was to hold a serger.  Had to return.
Given as a Christmas gift to protect the best part of the present.
"Great price, really study, dependable love it"
Fits just right with a little room to spare so I don't have to stuff the cord in.
"My mom love it but I wish she would it got the sewing, she still waiting for it"
Product is ok. It is just a little big for my machine. It's a universal case.
"The singer sewing machine fits very well inside of the Carrying Case allowing the machine to be  protected when being stored,  transported, and helping to keep it clean when not in use."
Very sturdy case and the machine fits perfectly
Great carrier! My daughter is learning how to sew and brought this to class every time. Works great. fits the machine and is very roomy.
Perfect fit for my new Singer sewing machine.  Nice and sturdy too.
Was a gift for my daughter she love it
Nice solid cover
A-OK
Nice fit for my SINGER 4423 Heavy Duty - with plenty of space! Latches well and does the job.
too large and requires foam padding.
perfect
Works great!
Love this case. Fits the sewing machine and foot with cords. Makes it easy to put away and stow in a closet without worrying if something else will be thrown on top of it and break something. Recommend this to even the occasional sewer. Great investment.
"Good, sturdy cover."
Machine works great
Perfect fit!
"As advertised, nice product."
Great case and fits perfect for my sewing machine.
My wife loves this.  I got her a sewing machine for Christmas.  This makes it much easier for her to carry it around.  It's durable enough to last for years.
This was a gift and my daughter loves it.
good
The case is very light weight so I'm not sure yet how well it will hold up.
It was very nice items
just the right size and happy with it
Excellent
Very sturdy case at a great price!
Very useful. It fits a variety of machines well.
Lightweight and does what it is supposed to do.
"This was a Christmas present for my grand daughter and she absolutely loved it.  She is planning for the first thing she can sew.  Great product and because it's a Singer, I can depend on its quality."
"I wanted to get my daughter a nice case, this will do"
As described
Perfect for the Singer machine my daughter bought.  Very sturdy and will store well.
"I am so glad that I bought this carrying case to go with my Singer sewing machine! It is great for storing my machine so that it doesn't collect dust or any other environmental issues. It is big enough to hold my sewing machine, foot pedal, and a few basic supplies like measuring tape, pins, scissors/blade, thread, and even some scrap fabric."
Very pleased. Looking forward to using it. Delivered in a very timely manner.
it fits the singer 7258
Great fit and like weight.
I sent this a long with the Singer to my daughter.  She says it is good and sturdy.
It is very convenient and can hold my sewing machine and all its accessories inside safe.
I got it for my cousin for Christmas
This sewing machine case has two heavy duty flip latches on each end. A Top and a Bottom. I can say honestly it holds a Singer 4423 Heavy Duty sewing machine solid. I shook the heck out of it and it didn't rattle one bit. Opened it back up and the machine was still aligned with the lines on the case bottom. Good to go.
"Nice, a bit big for smaller machines and no way to anchor the machine in place."
The hard shell case is a perfect fit for the heavy-duty sewing machine I purchased.
Definitely get this case with your sewing machine. It's durable and roomy to tote around a sewing machine.
Fits old Kenmore machine perfectly.
Very well made and sturdy!
"I love this case
It's exactly what I wanted"
Wonderful to keep the dust off!!!
perfect fit for storage
Good buy.
"This case is plastic, easy to open/close and to place machine inside. Wipes off with a damp cloth. It is a little taller than I anticipated but that's no big deal.  Keeps my machine dust free and easy to transport or store.  Very happy I made this purchase,  would highly recommend and would definitely but again."
This was a gift. Unable to comment.
Sturdy. Works. Holds a Singer 4423 fine.
My Singer 7426 fits perfectly in this case.
Good quality
Great case.
Product arrive quickly and as described. Perfectly fits my older Singer Magic sewing machine.
good quality product
Why add weight and bulk to your life?
the best one to protect the sewing machine.
"Great product, and my wife said she was very glad to have it."
Great case for my Singer Quilter machine.
Terrific!
Nice case mine came with scuff marks but not damaged enough to return
"I am really amazed on how fast the item was shipped,,
But i have to admit that its kinda of a give away when i bought it secretly as a gift and it arrives and my door with the Name Singer blasted all over the box.
Thanks Alot.."
Fits my machine perfectly!
"I ordered this case from warehouse deals. It had a tiny mark on it, which now blends in with a few other new marks. It fits my singer quantum 9985 perfect."
perfect size and durable
Love it
Need to buy another one for my machine!
Great
Very nice & sturdy product. Clips are very strong.  Bought for teenage grand daughters along with a Singer sewing machine. Will definitely help protect machine and keep out dust.  Easy for storage and keeping all pieces together.
All was good
just as described
Very satisfied
good for price
"Got it today, can't wait to put my machine in it!"
great!!
"This case seems to fit most any size sewing machine.  Easy to use, strong and well made.  Worth the price."
thud
not as advertised.  the case is way too big. discrepancies with the dimensions/descriptions.  there is a gap between the locks.  looks more like an imitation than something that would have the Singer name on it.
Great case
GOOD!!!!
"My singer fit right in this, with room to put in a kit, as well."
great machine cover and carry case
I received this as a gift for my sewing machine. The description claims it fits the Singer One. It does not fit the Singer One unless you remove the arm. What is the point. So frustrating. Now I have a case that doesn't fit because I didn't open my new machine soon enough to find out. ):
excellent.
Fits good in the case.
nice case for the money
the size is way too big for the machine
came  in the mail in perfect condition  with fast delivery perfect to protect my sewing machine thank you
fits well at a good price
Made in USA
It's ok not much to it. Nothing to hold the machine in place while carrying it.
I ordered two of these and they work perfectly for my sewing machines. I am very satisfied.
Great machine. Great for competent adult and....my seven year old granddaughter who is sewing up a storm.
"Bought this for my Singer Brilliance 6180 which is now my 'backup machine'.  Fits perfectly and even with the rounded corners on the top of the 'lid', it does seem stable enough to stack my serger case on top."
"Fit perfectly,"
I bought two of these and I am so happy to finally have a way to protect my sewing machines.  I wish I would have bought them sooner!!
Good product
"really justa big palstic box, no way to satbilize or support machine..."
PERFECT!!! Keeps my sewing machine dust free and all the machines Nick-nacks
"I'm an amateur sewer so I don't know the etiquette/proper care techniques for a sewing machine. However, I can say from experience that if you're like me and use a sewing machine only once in a while, a case is just what you need. I can pack up my sewing machine nice and neatly, and store it away if need be, or cover it up when not in use. No more gathering dust in the corner! The locks on the side are good quality, and (at least from my experience) the sewing machine stays in place and is secure. Would definitely recommend."
very good
"A good, light-weight, but strong case."
Perfect size for my Singer Tradition. Great for storing sewing machine when not in use or traveling with it.
nice
"I measured my machine and the case carefully, I thought.  I didn't expect that I'd have to remove my machine from the bottom of the case in order to use it.  It doesn't line up, or meet the level of the bottom piece.  I have to remove the machine.  Not a big adjustment, just not expected and a minor hassle.  Serves well enough for the price."
Really nice carring case for sewing machine
Works perfectly. Seems very durable. Very satisfied with my purchase.
Holds the whole machine and cords great. Thanks!!
Very happy
easy fit. light weight
"Large, but does the job with space to spare for throwing other items in the box with the sewing machine.  I picked the hard case because I wanted something to protect my sewing machine as it was moved from Florida to California.  Worked perfectly."
Too large. Returned
Works like a charm .. I love it.
Fit my machine great.  Good deal for the price and easy transport to wherever I need to sew!
Great Protection...
Fits the machine
It just made the perfect gift
Great case for my Singer machine.  I purchased a basic Singer machine for my vacation home and thought it would be good to have a case to keep it protected.  This is well made and is a must to protect your sewing machine when not in use.
Very spacious inside so it will fit a variety of sewing machines.  Sure beats taking the machine in and out of the original box every time.
This is a great way to store the sewing machine.  It's a little more roomy than is necessary but I guess that is a one size fits all mentality.
love it
Fit great :)
"It shipped quickly, arrive quickly, in good shape.  It is sturdy, and roomy enough for extra stuff like scissors, extra thread bobbins, patterns eve a generous amount of material."
Fits
protects machine just keep the Styrofoam the machine comes in .fits and protect it from accidental knock overs.
I LOVE IT !!! I WOULD BUY AGAIN FROM CUSTOMER !!! GREAT QUALITY !!!
"Sturdy and attractive, it is large enough to hold my singer easily."
"Fits my sewing machine with room for cables and other bits too.  Decently made product and sturdy enough for my needs (which is to protect my machine and store it out of the way when not in use).  I will probably add some foam inside to help cushion the machine when being carried, but I am very pleased with the case and will be ordering a second one for my serger."
"It was very large for the machine I bought it for, but it works fine.  Great service. Thanks"
"Bought it so go with our Singer 9985 Quantum Sewing Machine&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/SINGER-9985-Quantum-Stylist-TOUCH-960-Stitch-Computerized-Sewing-Machine-with-Large-Color-Touch-Screen-13-Presser-Feet/dp/B00FV8PZFQ/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">SINGER 9985 Quantum Stylist TOUCH 960-Stitch Computerized Sewing Machine with Large Color Touch Screen & 13 Presser Feet</a>. Fit perfectly. Very durable, easy to use and great for carrying and storing."
the case would be great if it wasn't used.  There were scuff marks all over the top of the case.
It fits my SINGER 4423 Heavy Duty sewing machine but there is a lot of extra room in the case. I used it to store some more sewing stuff in with the machine but I would have liked a snugger fit so it doesn't have the chance to move around.
Was extremely simple to open and assemble! I was shocked on how durable it actually is!
Fits my sewing machine perfectly!
"Great value, more durable than it looks, very lightweight."
A great case.
works and fits good
I like it.
"Quality case for the price, I'd suggest this purchase to anyone."
"This case is of poor quality. Not only did I receive this item with one of the rivets broken (that holds one of the side clasps on), but the edges of the top and bottom pieces are uneven, rough, and make the entire case look cheap. This item has been returned."
My sewing machine fits in here. The case is durable and guaranteed heavy duty. I recommend it.
Just right
excelente
"I own three Singer sewing machines and sew daily as I have for much of my 74 years. My new heavy duty Singer didn't come with a case, and this is perfect for it. It's heavier than looks and well made. The price was amazing."
I am amazed at great quality and value
It is perfect for keeping the machine both safe and for storage.
Has enough room to leave the cords attached to the machine. Completely seals out dust.
Feels good and snug. Lots of room inside for little things and the machine.
Covers the machine securely.
SOLVES STORAGE PROBLEMS
So happy to have this case to protect my sewing machine.  Finally I was able to get this on sale and am very happy with it.  My sewing machine fits perfectly inside with all the accoutrements.
It fits my Kenmore beautifully!
Spacious can hold the machine good.
It's kinda lame you have to buy the cover separately.  it's rugged enough for the job.
"Nice, sturdy case. Good price."
Excellent inexpensive carry case for a portable machine... lightweight and roomy enough to store cords and accessories.
Works great with my new singer sewing machine. Very light weight and easy to carry.
nice
good buy.
"My Singer 7256 Fashion Mate 70-Stitch fits in this very well.  It is well made, solid carrying it around."
Works well....protects the machine well.
Good.
It fits the sewing machine perfectly.  It is a strong case.  Easy to carry.
Love it.  The machine sits in it well and have enough room around the sewing machine to keep the manual and a small bobbin case so everything is together.  Is well made and strudy.  Glad I got it when I got the machine
Perfect light-weight case for carrying and protecting my new light-weight sewing machine.
"Love this, I bought a sew machine, this case is perfect. Good price, too."
excelente
"Lots of room for the machine to skate around on the inside. Needs lots of padding to protect the machine if this is used to transport the machine. If using this to store a machine at home and keep it from dust, it's fine."
great carrying case for the singer 4423 sewing machine.
"I keep my singer 4432 in this and it works great. The metal latches feel secure. There is plenty of room to store the foot pedal and some supplies along with the machine, but even without the extra items the machine doesn't feel like it moves around when I carry it. Best way to keep my machine safe when I take it in for classes."
"A great ""dust cover"" for my new sewing machine!"
It didn't fit my daughters singer
Doesn't fit the Singer One Plus no matter how you try to squeeze it in.
The wife bought this for her sewing machine. Holds everything she needs. Good size and sturdy.
What you would expect.
great for storing a machine
"Poorly manufactured junk.

Ordered one from Amazon and returned it due to defects. Ordered a second one and returned it because of the same defects.

Unlike the case in the photo, the top and bottom of do not fit together properly. The case is warped or very poorly molded. When you set the top on the bottom, there is an open gap between the two, on the sides of the case. The gap is about 1 cm. It is unbelievable how poorly made this case is. The top also does not align/seat properly in the bottom, also due to very poor manufacturing.

The edges of the case are also pretty rough. Again, due to extremely poor quality manufacturing and terrible quality control.

Ended up returning both of these and getting the Brother 5300 case. That case is molded perfectly. The top and bottom fit together perfectly. The 5300 is a little bigger than the Singer case, but that's a good thing. It means extra room to store the pedal, cord and an extension cord."
Great protection
It works great
It protects my sewing machine and fits it perfectly
Definitely what I needed
"""Excellent"". My new Singer sewing machine Model # 5532 fits perfectly.  Out from the box with foam packing attached and into Singer 611. BR Universal Hard Carrying Case with no binding.(approx. 1/2"" @ sides)  Eliminates shifting around and avoid possible damage to my sewing machine."
Fits sewing machine for storage
This a good case to protect the singer 7258 sewing machine I bought..it's light and easy to use
Very good quality for the price.
It fits perfect with the sewing machine.
Just as described. Only wished they made something inside to hold machine in place to protect from side to side and back and forth bumps.
Very good
This product does not fit all Singer portable sewing machines.  You might want to verify the height of your machine before buying.
Great for protecting and carrying sewing machine and storing material...love the size
"Bought this before, already knew I would be happy with it."
Great accessory.
"Fits my Singer Talent 3323 with more than enough room for the pedal and extra ""stuff."""
fits the machine I got
Perfect for my Singer sewing machine.
Just what I expected
"Great fit, and easy to store."
"We recently bought a Singer 4423 and this case fits it perfectly. There's really not much more to say. Oh, the latches work well too."
"Nice quality ~ large enough for any portable machine.
Open floor of case (no hinges)  - solid squared case."
"no bells and whistles, economical, and practical."
Just as expected
Great machine for the money
Very Good
My Singer machine fits in this perfectly with room left over for the pedal and cord and other items. Well made. Worth the price in my opinion.
Fits my machine perfectly and very sturdy!  The case itself is very lightweight which is a huge plus! very happy with this purchase!
"A bit light weight and flexy, but it works."
Great case.
i bought wrong size case but i gave it to my daughter not worth sending back
Used it to transport my machine as a carryon when I flew across the country. No problem with the airlines.
Strong and durable
Just what I needed
Surprised my wife with this. Fit her machine perfectly and is durable.
Perfect!!
I just received this machine yesterday.  WOW!!  Easy to see why it was Consumer Digests Best Buy.  Really easy to set up and get started right out of the box.  Owner's manual is super easy to understand.  My 9 year old granddaughter would have no problem learning on this machine.  I fell away from quilting years ago because I didn't understand my older machine very well.  I can't wait to carve out some time for my neglected projects.  Very happy with this purchase!!
"It is sturdy and good looking.  While it doesn't have all the room (interior pockets) that my former vinyl carrying case had, it is fine."
Is a little big for my machine but love it anyway.  Can put stuff in the case with the machine then.
"Holds the sewing machine for storage and travel, and keeps it dust-free. Just a  great case."
My buen maletin. Bonito ademas.
This machine is easy to use and runs smooth. It's great for a novice seamstress!
Seems to be a quality Product.  Shipping was great on both Items as a Set.
Fits my machine perfect
Fits my machine perfectly!  Sturdy but not heavy. Great product.
"Very good, product."
Fits sewing machine. Great for keeping it protected.
"Perfect, it's like new and good size, the Singer machine is there with the power cable and pedal perfect protected. Thanks"
"Of course, if it would have come as part of the sewing machine, it would have been ideal."
ONLY WAY TO STORE MY FINE NEW MACHINE ---GET ONE
Good quality. Repaced our old case for New Home. Very durable.
Super great product. I bought it for singer 1304 and ypu have enough space fir the machine and other things.
nice
This product provides nice protection for the sewing machine.  It is a must if someone wants to protect their sewing machine.
"Love it! I didn't have one for my last sewing machine,  but this time I had to have it. I took the machine to the boat,  my machine,  foot pedal,  cording, my accessories all fit in there. I didn't have to look for anything,  didn't have to worry about forgetting anything @"
Does exactly what it needs to do and isn't expensive.
Very nice case.  Amazes me that the portable Singer sewing machines don't come with a case.
"Just received the case for my Singer Sew Mate 5400. Fits perfectly with room for cord and foot pedal. It is light weight and of good quality. Not sure why others gave negatives reviews, but I am pleased with the product."
This carrying case is also stored at the Aunt's house until the September birthday.
I gave this and a sewing machine as a gift.  They loved it. Nice appearance and good quality.  Thanks !!
"I give it 4 stars -- it would have 5 stars if it came with some foam wedges to keep my sewing machine from sliding around inside of the hard cover. I understand that is part of the deal when you purchase a universal cover...I know I am being ""nit-picky"". It is a nice sturdy cover that will work great for me since I do not see every day and it doubles as the storage location too."
"Very sturdy, been plastic and all, very strongly built, happy with it, highly recommend it"
Nice clean covering for standard Singer sewing machine. Very light but sturdy.
"Was OK, but not what I had envisioned."
"I love it!!! Fits perfect and easy to carry with room for my pedal and cords. It was delivered on time, I'm very pleased."
Fit my sewing machine perfectly with room for a few accessories.  Very sturdy.
Perfect case that covers my new Singer sewing machine. Love it!
The needle threaded is very nifty. It runs smooth. I have enough stitch choices to suit me. Easy to run. Lighter weight to carry. The last singer I bought in 1976 served me well. And I see a lot. This one will too.
Perfect!
Excellent for being a generic one-size fits all.  Works great with the Singer 4423 Heavy Duty Extra-High Sewing machine.  Well made product.
Inexpensive and sufficient for my needs
Very sturdy. Works great
Fit's my sewing machine perfectly.
LOVE IT...EXCELLENT
granddaughter high school graduation gift.....taking it to college
great machine
It is really necessary
good
"I have a Kenmore, basic zig-zag. To assist those with the same brand machine, I can attest that this carrying case DOES well fit a Kenmore.
I don't have the model number & have had my machine about 20 years, but, the case easily fits with room to spare. A ""carrying case"" was not
my concern, I essentially wanted it for a 'dust cover'. The case seems sturdy enough for those who carry their machines from one location to
another."
This is not universal
Great case to keep the machine safe while not in use and when we go the 4H sewing classes.
"Product is as described, works great and is a good value!"
lots of space inside to fit your peddle and cords. Very easy storage and very durable.
Nice protection and helps keep machine clean.
"Base & top attach with metal loop snap. The Bernina Activa footprint is smaller, the Janome 350e fits the base exactly. Both fit under the 'lid' just fine.  Good protection. Good price."
"Person I bought this for said it was great for protecting his new machine, and told me he didn't like a lot of the other covers available, but this one was exactly what they were looking for!"
okay.
love it
"Very nice case, easy locking/opening. Softer plastic than expected, but by no means is that a negative."
The power foot control does not work 20% of the time.  This slow me down when I am trying to sew.
Little pricey
very nice and sturdy.
Does what it is supposed to do!
Just perfect for my new Singer sewing machine-now I can keep it in any room and sew on a whim!
"Machine fits well in case, great price"
GREAT PRODUCT. GREAT PRICE.
It is really great.  Keeps my sewing machine free from dust.  Amazon has everthing
"I have a new Husqvarna Viking 118,this case fits it perfectly."
"Very light, space for the machine and some extra stuff if you feel like doing portable sewing at friends house."
Works well for my machine...much better than the little cover that came with the machine.
Great carrying & storage case for my singer. Saved money by purchasing thru Amazon. The ones at Wal-Mart & K-Mart were double the price.
"I bought one of these almost ten years ago to store my Singer sewing machine. I didn't want or need a rolling tote and, to be honest, I wanted something plain without pattern.

There are some pros and cons for anyone contemplating this purchase:

PROS:

- sturdy
- reasonably easy to keep clean
- don't have to worry if something falls on it unlike with a fabric tote
- reasonably easy to use and carry

CONS:

- top and bottom must be aligned correctly in grooves; this sometimes requires more than one attempt
- area where the handle is has multiple areas that are difficult to keep clean, especially dust free.
- yellows with age

On the whole, and for the price, I would still buy it again - although I think that, ten years later, they could at least offer a moderate range of solid colors like turquoise, pink, black etc just to give people a few other options. Not essential though. I do with the area where the handle is were better constructed/thought out because it always ends up getting lint trapped in various places when I'm not using it - and that's just a hassle. Otherwise, it's innocuous and unobtrusive. It may not look like much, but if you're only an occasional sewer like me, this is a great way to store your machine in plain sight, in a closet or wherever and it's not an eyesore.

I cut a rubber grip piece of material (the type you can get at Walmart for pantry shelves etc) to fit into the bottom - this really helps keep the machine in place."
Works great
Very pleased with product
This was a gift
Spacious enough to fit sewing machine and more! I love the purchase.
"Received as a gift from my husband for Christmas, fit my machine very nicely. Sturdy."
Good.
"Fits well, & easily allows machine to go in or come out."
Wish it came with foam or something to pad machine.
This is very sturdy.
Excellent
"This is a simple sturdy case for storing and transporting sewing machines.

My&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Brother-XR9500PRW-Project-Runway-Limited-Edition-Sewing-Machine-with-100-Built-in-Stitches-and-Quilting-Table/dp/B005GXPOAM/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Brother XR9500PRW Project Runway Limited Edition Sewing Machine with 100 Built-in Stitches and Quilting Table</a>&nbsp;machine fits fine, except I do have to lower the thread spindle on top.  I had to do the same with the cover that came with it, too.  Either way I am unable to keep it threaded when I put it in the case.  It's not a deal-breaker, but it can sometimes be an inconvenience.  That said, the machine and its pedal and power cord all fit inside with room to spare.  This prevents tots and pets from messing with it, keeps it dust-free and all together, and makes it easy to grab for any sewing or quilting class I might take."
Got this for my daughter. She likes it
fits great
Fits my new Janome sewing machine perfectly and was a terrific price tag
Good value
This case works great.
Good carrying case
great
This is a well made container; feels solid and works very well.  I would recommend it to anyone who is looking to buy a Singer machine and wants something sturdy enough to carry it in.  I bought the Singer machine 4432 and it fit perfect in this carry case.
Very well made machine cover.  Great price for high quality.
"Lightweight and easy to hold and lock.  Wonder if they could put a ""lockdown"" mechanism inside to hold machine in place since it is big to hold numerous sizes."
Fits sewing machine perfectly.
very good
Great !!!
"Purchased to house Singer Sewing 4432, fits great with some extra space inside to store a few extra bits."
It is bigger than the machine
nice
perfect
instruction sheet and book did not give good or clear instructions
Great/ sturdy case fit my machine with room to spare!
EXCELLENT MATERIALS...
Fits the Singer 4423 Heavy Duty I recently bought here perfectly. Well constructed. Would purchase again
Sturdy plastic but nothing but a shell.  The 4432 fits easily but nothing holds it in place.  What they should do if they want this approach is build slide-in pieces fitted for each size machine and allowing storage of accessories. Now I have to waste my time returning it.
Good products. Packaging is as display on Internet. It's meant to be use by my wife so I can't comment on it functionality.
built cheaply... the rivets are loose and I just got it!
Great case! Although it's too big for my Singer Promise II. But totally understand that this is a UNIVERSAL case. I just took a couple blocks of gray polyurethane foam and hot-melted them into place. Now fits perfect and doesn't rattle around! Just wish they made a smaller version for the entry level machines.
"Great case to protect my machine and though it was a little expensive to me at the time, it's worth every penny. Very spacious, so if I happen to get a bigger machine, it will still work out."
excellent...exactly as expected in a timely man
Too big. No protection inside around sewing machine while transported.
Fits great!!
"Ordered this on 2/29 and rec'd it on 3/3 which is excellent since I'm in Hawaii where it takes a little longer to send or receive anything.  The case looks exactly like the picture.  It's sturdy and should protect the sewing machine from accidental bumping, the cat, the dog, the kids.  It doesn't weigh much which is great for portability.

I can't comment on the latches durability with the sewing machine inside until maybe next week when we actually get the machine, but it looks well made and solid."
Love my case.
I am very pleased with the carrying case for my machine.  It is sturdy & easy to handle.
Very sturdy
fits my Singer perfectly.
Fits just right. Great to have it when traveling with machine.
Quality case. Protects sewing machine... easy to carry and store.
love it
"Sturdy, well made box."
"Basic case protects machine and makes it easy to carry around the house if you don't leave it set up all the time.  However, there is no mechanism to secure the machine within the case, so if you use it in travels, I recommend putting some padding around the machine before closing the cover to ensure it does not move around inside the case."
fits my Brother machine very well. Good solid case! I travel in the car with it often.
"Seems to fit well. I hope the locks hold up well when carrying it, it's not very solid.  But it's not made exactly for this machine. It's a generic case, worth the $20.00"
"Sleek. Fits over the machine perfectly, latches soundly. What more can I say? It does the job it was intended for. Thank you Singer-- a respected name in my family since the 1950's"
Great and durable.  Happy with this purchase
Fits my sewing machine perfectly. Protects it very well. I can carry it by the handle and not worry about it coming apart and breaking my sewing machine.
Great carrying case. Well-made. Exactly what I needed for my sewing machine. I like it so much that I bought one for my mother.
"Just what I was looking for my new Singer Stylist 7258
Wish it came in different colors"
Okay
E
Good quality case to put any sewing machine in for clean storage.  No interior compartments just plenty of open space inside
"Singer Model 2662 fits well in this case with plenty of room for the pedal and cord and I'm sure my kit of sewing supplies which is about 2"" thick x 8"" long x 6"" wide would fit in there with more room for some material or other odds and ends. Nice product, just what I needed."
Good light weight case that holds machine perfectly.
Arrvd on time & well pkd. A giftbfor my grandgrl in Roanoke. She will keep her new singer machine in it. She says its great.
"Right fit, good quality, works"
Great case for my singer sewing machine. I ordered this with my Singer 5400 machine. Love both of them.
Finally have a place for my portable Singer...
Sturdy and perfect for multiple size machines
Fits perfectly.  Great way to protect our new Singer 7258.
fast delivery ... pleased with product
Usuful to keep it clean and safe and light weight so easy to carry around. it is plastic.
"I ordered this case to protect my new Singer sewing machine.  It is a perfect match.  Light weight, sturdy, and easy to carry. I am glad to say this is the right choice for my table top machine."
I love this item and very pleased with my purchase.
I love it n it's very nice n happy I decided to get it
Protects my machine from dust very well.
Fits my Singer Heavy Duty beautifully.  The latches seem secure and the grid on the floor of the case keeps the machine from sliding around.  It is a sturdy functional case with rounded corners.
"Very happy with this case. Added bonus, my kids could decorate it with markers."
its okay me machine keeps on moving around in there
thanks
purchased this as a gift for my daughter and she loves it!
Good
This will save on dust accumulation and destruction of my new sewing machine -- absolutely wonderful!
This product does what I need it to.  I bought it to  hold my new sewing machine when not in use.  It does exactly that!  Very pleased that there were no issues with it fitting my machine.
Thanks
"Although my Singer machine came with its own dust cover, I know this is worth the investment to keep my machine looking new for years to come.  Also, with a hard carry case, the machine stores easily on the floor of my guest closet, without worry of it's being kicked and damaged by mistake."
"good price, fits great with lots of extra room"
As advertised.
I didn't realize that all the sewing machine I bought does is sit inside of this case. It is slightly bigger than my machine so I will have to be careful when carrying it otherwise it will move from side to side. It feels sturdy but I was hoping that the sewing machine would clip to the bottom. It will keep my new machine dust free which is what I wanted it for.
Perfect fit for our Sewing Machine.  Now I can store it in the storage room without damaging the small parts.
Nice quality and very sturdy!  A must have if traveling with a sewing machine!
Very happy with this case. Holds all machine parts with ease
Bigger than I expected! Fits sewing machine and more! Great deal for the price.
Light and great to tote .  I got my sister a new sewing for Christmas and wanted a sturdy case.  This fills the bill.
I like this product.
Good
"My only real objection is the bright white color. I wish it were more muted. But the sewing machine fits and that's what matters. In the old days, though, the vase would have been part of the sewing machine."
Fits my Singer Sewing Machine perfectly! Exactly what it is intended for to keep stored and dust free!
Just what I needed.
This is a simple but effective way of storing the sewing machine
"Nice case. Very roomy inside.  Just wish the machine was a little more secure inside, should the case happen to get jostled or dropped. I'll probably add some padding just to appease my retentive side.  Latches seem to be decent, and secure.  Time will tell. So far, so good."
"excellent, it's just what I expected"
Great
Love this case fits perfect
Very nice!  Fits just right.  Light but durable.
way to large for singer sewing machine I'd ordered
"Worked well, fit sewing machine well. Used on a Viking."
The carrying case was great.  I also got a sewing machine from Amazon as a present.  The only thing I didn't like was that it came in the singer box.  There was no outer box.
Great quality and super price
Received. Great!
It was god quality
Excellent price
"So far, so good. The  carrying case for my new Singer Sewing machine seems a little big but it might be just right. The jury is still out. I have not yet used my machine or carrying case."
great price
To big but works if I leave my sewing machine in the foam
I bought this case for the sewing machine that I bought for my daughter for Christmas.  It is lightweight yet strong and will keep her machine dust-free and clean between uses.  It fits the machine perfectly and will allow her to take it place to place safely.
"Bought to go with SINGER 9960 when it arrived, the 9960 did not need it, so using it for the machine's foot and other sewing stuff."
"It is a waste of money since the sewing machine already comes with a case.  Did they disclose that at time of purchase...NO.  They actually made the recommendation that you get this case also.

Waste of money"
"Our sewing machine fits this case with a bit of extra room to spare.

I might add some sort of padding to keep the machine in place during transport so that it doesn't slide around on the inside.

We have another sewing machine that needs a case, so we're going to purchase another one."
Great fit for my machine. Arrived on time.
Bought as a gift package for my wife and she has had no issues with it.
Great case way better than other advertised for double the price
love it
"perfect fit.  also has room for my extension table, very sturdy"
"its solid and seems durable.
i have no issues with this protecting the sewing machine or transporting it."
"Just on time, Excellent purchase!!"
have to completely remove to use machine.
"It does what it is supposed to do but the fit on my machine is large and I probably would have looked for a more snug fit in person.  That said, your machine might fit better and it DOES fit so for the price, I cannot complain."
Excellent Seller and product!!
"I am returning this because it is too big to securely fit my Singer heavy duty model 4411 machine. There are no clips, no tie-downs, nothing to keep the machine from sliding around. However I am giving it 3 stars because it is a nice, well made case that will give years of service for the right machine (perhaps even your 4411 if all you want is to keep the dust off)."
"I write this review with a sadness. Why? Because this product is quite quality and would be a wonderful way to keep my serger protected. The case is made of thick and very firm plastic. I chose it specifically because of its flat top, which would have done a great job of holding my regular sewing machine. The latches were a pleasant surprise, with their little rings at the bottom for a small padlock or two. My serger is a Brother 1034D. It would have fit, if I'd been willing to have it skewed sideways and have the case bulging out at the sides. Heck, if my regular machine hadn't come with it's own hard cover, I'd have kept this case for it. Sadly, I must move on. This case is lovely and would be ok for most sewing machines. But keep looking, if you want something for a 1034D. :("
Great item.
I bought this to move my sewing machines across state lines.  I bought one for my Brother embroidery machine and bought a Singer universal traveling case for my Kenmore sewing machine and I'm glad that I bought both because my Kenmore sewing machine did not fit in the Singer box. I was able to fit my Brother embroidery machine in the Singer box and put my Kenmore machine in the Brother box. The difference being the brother box is larger than the singer universal box. I guess universal isn't universal after all.
This is perfect for keeping out dog hair (have two dogs that shed a lot!) and taking my sewing machine to class.  It has plenty of space for my presser foot and cords - plus some fabric when needed.
Fits perfect sturdy and easy to carry
"I bought this to help protect and carry the new Singer Talent ( model 3323S) sewing machine that I got for my wife. The machine fits nicely into the case and there is room to spare on all sides. Also, the case is quite sturdy and looks exactly as the photograph here on Amazon.
It did the trick!"
The product itself is quality but it did not fit the sewing machine that it was recommended for at the time of purchase.  We purchased the Singer One Easy-to-Use computerized sewing machine and the case is to small for both height and width.
"Don't Like The Color...But Then Again, It's Not For Me..."
"This is a fantastic case, stylish in a 1970's mod way.  My last sewing machine case was made by my father and fits my Singer Featherweight.  This nifty plastic case fits my new Singer, a heavyweight model that I bought as a floor model.  I saw the same case yesterday for 15 dollars more at a local big box retailer, so this is a great deal."
Excellent price
AWESOME A+
It's a perfect fit for my Singer sewing machine and the case it's self is solid with good strong Locking Side Snap Hinges. Thank you for advertising properly and honestly and shipping in good=quick time.
Provides good protection
Quality case. Works great for me.
"The best investment ever!  I love this case!  It is very sturdy and has a rubber bottom grip on the inside.  It's big enough to hold your sewing machine, foot pedal and some other small items.  I would love it even more if it came in other colors."
Very useful prevent damage and dust. Great for the price
Excellent!!
Works as expected. Good quality. I only wish there was a smaller version. My old sewing machine kind of flops around in there.
This a beautiful sewing machine case for my sewing machine. The hard case even has enough room for the foot pad and electric cord to be stored inside. I could not be happier with this product .
This sewing machine cover is a great addition for my machine.  I have a singer and a brother and this fits both of them.  Each of my machines have handles of their own but this cover keeps out dust and since it is light weight makes it very easy to transport them.  A good buy!
good product for the price
so happy
"I don't travel a lot, just wanted something to keep my sewing machine safe. Works great."
this case is wonderful and I like that I can leave my thread attached. Seems very sturdy and easy to move sewing machine around.  I now longer need to worry that my cat will eat my thread.
Bought this for a brother sewing machine fits amazing and am so happy i got such an amazing deal on it
Great carrier.  Clean design.  Works well to protect machine from dust and bumps.
"Holds my machine, scissors, cord, thread, and other incidentals with no problem. Machine stays clean and looking new, and it's so easy to carry from room to room (and store). Very sturdy construction. Handle is comfortable to carry, and latches are easy to operate and secure."
BEST THING FOR MY NEW SEWING MACHINE.
"Versatile case that fits most Singer models, and others. Plenty of room for other accessories as well. Easy to carry with sturdy handle and locking clips."
"This case fit my Babylock Molly with enough room for the manual, cord and attachment box too. I placed a piece of that rubbery shelf paper inside to prevent shifting in case."
Fits my Singer machine great and easy to carry. Light weight.
Thanks
"A really nice case.  Lots of room for the sewing machine, and lots of accessories."
Perfect
It fit my new singer sewing machine.  It was big but added a Styrofoam brick to ensure it didn't move while moving and storing. I really like the hard case
Bulky-- I bought it together with the small Singer 1304. The case is way too big for the machine. We decided to keep it anyway. Nothing fancy.
Love my machine.  Have used it many times and even my husband is teaching himself how to sew.
"I already had one of these - buying another is a positive review in itself! My machine was 2 1/2 inches too small to fit without moving about in the case - so I inserted a scrap of rigid foam insulation wrapped in packing tape. Worked like a charm. Case arrived well packaged, in good condition, and on time."
I am pleased with my purchase.  Thank you.
is quality and fit for my machine get extra space for my fabric too.
Perfect
"Perfect size for protecting my new sewing machine (Singer 4423) and holding a few extra accessories like my ""only for sewing"" scissors, the sewing machine instruction book, foot pedal, etc.  Really glad I ordered it - keeps it dust free and makes it so much easier to carry around."
Excellent product - very good delivery service.  Would highly recommend.
Can figure out how I managed without it.
The singer one plus only fits if you remove the large sewing section of the machine and store it elsewhere. Without that section though the machine fits nicely.
"Great, works well"
"Clean looking white. Sturdy housing. Not too heavy. Chrome latches seem strong. Fits my Brother XM3700 machine which is 12"" high. As another reviewer advised, I placed 4 hard foam blocks around base to make snug fit. Plenty of room for cord, peddle & more. I like a lot!"
I loved it very durable but lightweight.
Works great
Great machine! My wife really likes the easy use!
very useful
I keep my sewing machine in here whenever it is not in use. I love it.
Good accessory for Singer 4423.
Sturdy product.
"My daughter was given a Singer sewing machine for a gift last year and it did not come with a case.  This case fit perfectly and was big enough for the presser foot, power cord and other supplies.  The case is sturdy and the latches stay secured.  I would recommend to others."
Love it!
never had a case for my old machine ---but when I bought my new machine --Im sooooo glad I got this case ---really really love it !!!!!!  light weight & no dust on my new sewing machine -----
I have one and it work's really good got mine for goodwill and it stay together and the handle stay on too so I'm happy with the carrying case!!!!!!!!!:)
Love this carrying case!!!
"Good quality.  New Singer machine fits well, along with space for items you want to keep ""close"" to the machine.  Better closing/clamp than on older case."
Seems sturdy and it fits my daughter's Singer. I'm happy.
Very good product
Good product. Came as described. Would recommend it.
too big for to be standar......
What can I say. Its a case but it does fit just right.
Perfect size for the Singer Fashionista with room for the additional attachments and accessories that you would want to keep with your machine.
"It was exactly what I was looking for.  It did need help to stabilize the machine which was no problem.
Dot"
great
gift item
Love it and exactly what I wanted!!  LOVE!!!
Fit the machine perfectly
Good.
"Exactly what I expected, the plastic is heavier than I though it would be which is good.  Get one, you won't be disappointed."
"Review by Mrs Mara:
The Carrying case for my 2277 model Singer just arrived and I was happy to see that the machine fits into it perfectly, with toom to spare for the foot pedal, the manual for the machine and a couple of other small things. The case looks very sturdy and I'm not surprised that it's a best-seller! Another purchase that I'm thrilled with!"
Quite pleased with the carrying case and believe it will serve the purpose of protecting my sewing machine.
"Excellent seller!
Excellent product!
Excellent shipping!
Will purchase again."
perfect and lightweight
"Just what I needed. Fits my super-basic Singer machine from Target, with room for the machine, pedal, and parts box. There's extra space to stuff some other things in there, too, although I haven't."
"I like the quality of this case, but it is larger than it needs to be for my style of sewing machine."
"The Singer 4411 fits in this case with a little space around it.  Probably wouldn't want to ship the machine in it, but for general protection when not in use, it works fine."
Nothing beats singer products
"I bought this case for my daughter for her NEW Singer 4432. Its a little large, but I fixed the problem by wrapping a stuffed animal snake around the foundation of the sewing machine."
"Oh How I wish this came in other colors, but a nice design to protect my new Singer Machine!"
seems big for our model sewing machine but it keeps the dust off while it's in storage.
Perfect!
Love the case!
"Just right for any portable sewing machine and I especially like the fact that the handle lays down, letting you stack another case on top

thanks for a great sewing case."
"I bought one case for my daughter and one for me.......we are both very pleased with the case, everything I expected it to be.
It is a tiny bit big, but that gives a space for the cords and footpad."
Fits perfectly the 4432 Singer Heavy Duty machine.
BIEN
This case was really bigger than I was needing but it works okay to hold the sewing machine.
very nice and a good buy
Works just fine
Nice!
What can you say about a carrying case except it works.
Poor design/quality makung it useless for intended portability. The base separates from top due to weight of average sewing machine.
THANKS
A great case for the sewing machine
"This produce fit perfectly,  but the clasp on one side was improperly put on and is loose. The inside of the product also had thin pieces of metal on the bottom that looked life splinters. The outside of the product had black finger prints on it.  It will work... but I would not buy it again."
"a little too big for my janome 7318, but i'm only using it to store it while i'm not using it.  although my sewing machine is smaller than the case, when i add the foot pedal, it seems like a good fit :)"
Works
Nice fit for my machine
"It is a little big for my machine, but the quality is great and I love having it!"
Just what you would expect!!
"WOW this is a lot bigger than I thought it would be. My Singer Stylist swims in this case. That said, it does the job."
It's universal but this is fine for storage and transportation.
This is such a perfect cover to keep my machine from the dust.
Great buy...works very well
Excellent protection for the machine.  Could be smaller for my Singer 1304 Basic Everyday.
nice carrier
Very good product
Excelente
"I thought this item was made by glossy and light plastic material like the product picture saying. But I was really surprised that the plastic... it's not like plastic.. it's like cheap PVC material. and really heavy. I didn't expect this huge size... but well, Okay this is universal size. This isn't seem like case. It's like sewing machine's... strongbox. Last, I cannot believe the original retail price is 40$. Every edge's finish are horrible. I bought with cheaper price than that for sure but still I think it's expensive. I think Singer is not related with this product."
thanks
The is a Great Machine.
Very Nice
Hard plastic. Looks well. Good fit. I had looked at a different case prior to purchasing that had ridges in the outside of the case. I went with this one because it was smooth and wouldn't get full of dust.
Excellent case at an excellent price.
"It's perfect, what more can I say?"
No complaints.
Good price.
Like sewing machine
"Fits perfect for the machine, clean design and easy to carry"
I love this sewing machine! Works like a charm.
"My brother machine which is quite heavy, fit well with the cord and foot pedal but not sure how well it will last. The case is very lightweight and not all that sturdy. Time will tell. I had hoped to use one for my singer serger but it has a part that extends too far and does not fit the narrower area available in the carrier. I have not yet recieved the new machine I ordered so do not yet know if it will fit. If my brother as large as it is fits the new singer should too."
"i can't see the point of a sewing machine case where the machine is loose inside, returned"
Excelente!!!!
Seems to be adequate.
Great carrying case. It was a little bigger than I expected but now I can keep other sewing supplies in with my little sewing machine all together in this carrying/ storage case.
"This case is just adequate, nothing special. 99% injection-molded plastic, including the top handle unfortunately. Only the 2 side clips (at the base) are metal. Little or no reinforcing / stiffening elements inside.

Also, as a 1-size-fits-all case, while it will fit many sewing machines, none of them is held very securely inside because there is extra space on all sides & above the machine. If you want to keep the machine from moving around inside the case, you either have to pack fabric or foam around it, or be very careful not to tip the case sideways.

If you just want to protect your machine from dust and from impact by other items in storage, this is not a bad solution. If you want to travel regularly with your sewing machine I would look for another solution, I would not trust the plastic handle on this to last more than a few weeks if used daily."
Its great my Singer 5400 Mate fit in to it and i had room for the power plug and foot padels.
"Fits my Singer Curvy perfectly! Very sold construction. Good quality thick plastic. All over quality is wonderful. No complaints. If I could ask one improvement, but it would prob add a dollar or so to price would be to add a memory foam lining on the bottom. But the price of this and quality of this is excellent! I would buy again in a heartbeat!"
love it
It protects my daughters new sewing machine. I bought it specifically for her to protect her equipment.
Good case but I would not classify it as a hard pkastic
Good match
"This holds my sewing machine okay, but I have to put chunks of styrofoam on all sides of the machine or it just bangs around inside the case.  It should have come with some kind of adjustable soft packing to protect the machine.  It is obviously a ""one-size-fits-all"" case made for various Singer models."
love the versatility it gives me
Love this case!  It is very sturdy and fits my 1985 Kenmore sewing machine very well.
"Nice good quality case but it is too big for my Kenmore machine model 385.  It is okay as I only need it to store the machine, not to carry it around."
WELL MADE AND EXCELLENT PRICE.
works great.
Very good. Will accomadate a large machine.
Very Nice
Needed something for the sewing machine when it was not in use. This was perfect
This case is awesome and the price was great too. You never want to go without a case on your machine because the dust is very bad for them and the case prevents that from getting in them.
It's a nice light weight plastic cover to protect your singer sewing machine when not in use.
Beautiful case! Perfect for what I needed plus extra space when I put my sewing machine inside
My wife is really please with it.
"What can you say about a case for the sewing machine? Fits, works great and Amazon price can not be beat. Is sturdy, durable (will probably last a lifetime). Not heavy. Would buy again."
good product and fast shipping .. bye
"Great product.  Keeps machine clean when not in use, all sowing supplies always in one place, makes machine very mobile."
Fantastic sewing machine for the money.  I researched and found this one to be great.  My motivated 6th grader LOVES it and her sewing instructor says we bought a good one!!!
"Fits my White brand Jeans Machine.  Works great, easy to dust off, latches are sturdy and easy to open/close, case material is also very strong and not brittle."
Lots of room for sewing machine and foot pedal.
fit my girls machine great!
It works for my Singer sewing machine and isn't too bulky.
Fits my machine...
it's a box and it fits what else is there to say?
The case was received on time and in good condition. The machine fits nicely in the case.
Sturdy casing to protect the machine! It was definitely a deciding factor in my purchase.
Fits nicely
Great storage for my machine!
Great carrying case quite sturdy has the ability to keep the machine dusk free
A little big for my machine but good quality
Love this no brainier sewing machine I bought two. One for each home !
"great case, put everything in it and store away, no dust no accident"
"I use this case for both storage and transport of my various sewing machines. It fits my older Elna serger a bit snugly, but okay. And a regular sewing machine can fit in it with room to spare. Plus, if I store my sewing machine on the floor in this case, it is protected from dust and accidental bumps."
Perfect
good!!!
"Excellent, durable case."
I needed a portable case for my new Singer HD sewing machine. I can carry the manual and accessories in this case. works very nicely and seems to be high quality for the price. Easy to use and store.
"Wish a bit more secure.  This cover fits several models, so be careful when transporting, that your machine does not shuck back and forth."
Our machine fits well in this case.  Very well constructed and feels very durable.
I like this case because the sewing machine fits in it and there is room for cords and floor pedals.
"This case is much more substantial than I had anticipated!  It is heavier, the sides seem thicker and it holds a larger machine.  I have two other cases from days gone by and this one is far better!  I certainly recommend this case!"
Sturdy and my sewing machine fits great... perfect for my purposes.
"Great value, and great storage for my machine."
"Not very universal.
My singer 7258 Stylist Machine was way to small for the size of the Case"
"Totally decent case. I have a Sears portable machine, similar to a basic low-mid-end Singer. The case is a roomier than necessary, but it's a heck of a lot better than the pillowcase I'd been using for the previous half-decade. :) The bottom has a grid of ridges inside (tiny), though, so the machine stays wherever I place it. Gives me room to pack a few things around it, like a bobbin case and pincushion and snips and small stuff like that, so it's actually turning out to be pretty handy."
machine fits . even room for the book and foot peddle. love it
"The case is very sturdy, and the plastic is really thick. It's a little bigger than my sewing machine (I have the Singer Stylist 7258). I think there's about 2 inches, maybe less, on both sides, and about 3 inches from the top of extra space. It feels really strong and well made. The bottom of the case isn't flat and is slightly raised. Kind of hard to explain, I'll upload a picture when I have the chance. The case is a bit heavy though, and adds a lot of bulk when the machine is in it."
Gift was great!
Well made and good price.
"Bought this model from Walmart as it was cheaper ($22) at the time of this posting. It shows exactly as pictured in the stock photo here on Amazon. It was advertised with being able to fit most sewing and overlock machines.

It fits the following that I own:
Brother XR1355 + its table extender and accessories

It does NOT fit: (-1 star for this reason)
Brother Serger (Lock 1034D)"
"Arrived quickly, has extra room for foot pedal and cords. Very lightweight but tough."
Fine
"This is great! My machine fits perfectly inside with extra space for my bobbin case, pin cushion, etc. You can even lock the snaps with small locks if you'd like"
Good product and good price.
Nice case!
The Singer 2259 fits nicely.
"Very sturdy, clean-looking and fits my sewing machine perfectly.  Delivered as promised and am very happy with it.  Would recommend to others."
Not bad
Thank you.
"I have not had a chance to use the bobbins or the niddles,  i assume they are good."
Pretty much the perfect case for my Singer sewing machine.  Glad I got the case.
Everything was exception thanks
"The carrying case fits the SINGER 4423 Heavy Duty Sewing Machine I recently purchased with more than enough room to spare. My first time buying a carrying case...the old machine came complete with a sewing table.

This case is larger than I expected but that's fine since it fits the pedal and cords, and the user's manual perfectly. The dip in the top of the case makes it comfortable for my hand when holding the handle.

Excellent for keeping sewing machine dust-free.  A great buy. I would highly recommend this product."
"Great case , we have had it a few years now and it has done a great job of protecting our machine at home and on the road . Would buy another ."
Nice and lite!
safely store your macine
wife loved
"A much better quality than I expected.  Very heavy duty, but light to lift!"
Very simple and reliable
great case
I love this carrying case my machine fits perfectly in it and so easy to carry.
great
Lightweight and a good machine for a person who enjoys sewing for hobby.  Does well with thin to decorator weights of fabric.  Easy to use with  good directions included.
Very nice carrying case
fits my machine perfectly.
Great carrying case.  Light weight and the price was right.
too expensive for many things you'll never use
Great carry case for sewing machine.  Will fit other items in it as well.  Well wOrth the money.
This will fit my sewing machine or serger with their accessories. I would purchase another one!
It's perfect.
really like this fits my machine well
Does not fit the slide on piece for the Singer special edition.
Gift with sewing machine.  She loved it!
Very sturdy!
Gave the case to my daughter to go along with her Singer Sewing Machine Christmas present.  She is pleased.
I feel the sewing machine case is well made and should protect my machine very well.  The only negative comment I have is I feel the case is overly bulky.  My home is not large and storage space is limited.  I still give it five stars as I feel the quality offsets my negative comment.
This is a very durable & easy to use case for my Singer machine.  Makes it easy to transport my machine.
Glad I got this at the same time fits everything in it. Stores away nicely
It's ready to pack up my sewing machine and take it wherever I want to go!
Oh how gr8. Fits nicely inside. No problems at all!!
"Holds the new Singer machine well, with extra space to hold some extras like the owner manual, etc."
"My sewing machine fits in this case with some extra room for extra needles, scissors, thread, etc. not a heavy carrier at all. Nice buy."
As expected.
very good
"I was surprised to see that my husband, Christian, had ordered the sewing machine case, too.  (re your address to me?)  He has been deceased for 7 1/2 years.  The case was ordered by and delivered to me, Lois B. Jorgensen.

I have had my Kenmore portable sewing machine for almost ten years, and tried to get a case for it at Sears, butt they don't carry them anymore, nor do they sell the machines anymore, as far as I know.  That's the end of an era.

The case holds the machine just fine.  No more need for the original box it came in, anymore."
Love this for the singer machine
Makes it very easy to store my machine and keeps it clean.
"I had plenty of room for my Singer 2662, actually more room than it needed. It feels sturdy so far. I enjoyed the single handle for when I'm carrying several things, but it kind of makes me nervous in case it breaks. Having a second option for handles that were actually part of the molding would be nice for when thats the only thing I'm carrying, and it wouldn't make me worry that it might get away from me. It's done well so far, though!"
"Very sturdy and held up well for a summer-long tour. Great price, too!"
Perfect. Fits the sewing machine I bought for my daughter perfectly.
IT WAS A GIFT TO MY GIRL FRIEND. SHE LOVED IT
No Comment
Study case.
"Case works great, very sturdy!"
"I have two older Singer sewing machines (model 301) and needed a hard case to protect them when going to quilt class.  The machine sets in the base with plenty of room to spare all the way around the machine.  This leaves room for the controller, attachment box and free standing spool holder and the table mat I use with the machine.  I had previously tried to purchase an old original case for my sewing machine.... it was so stinky and musty we couldn't keep it in the house.  The Singer 611. BR will never have that problem.  I would strongly recommend this case for older machines.  For the newer models just check the measurements of your machine to insure it will fit in the case."
the machine is not secure inside the box.
It's not a size of the machine
very nice
fits my old singer perfectly
My Janome fits in this perfectly with some room for extra storage. It is very sturdy and just what I was looking for.
Quality was better than expected. It fits our Singer 5523 well.
Perfect!!!
The case works great and is a good fit and protects my machine.
product complies with the specifications
"Great, sturdy and strong"
"Got this for my wife, she loves it!  We got it on the amazon daily deal, so it was an excellent buy."
Well made. Use for my new Singer #7258
fits perfect
"Couldn't find a Singer case anywhere in the UK. Unbranded cases were much dearer than this one. Delivered to UK in 5 days. Perfect item, just what we wanted."
tough and heavy duty plastic but not so heavy. well built item
"I bought this case at the same time I bought my Singer One Plus sewing machine so I'd have a case for it. It's a nice case but it didn't even come close to fitting over my sewing machine, so I had to send it back. The case was fairly small and I would think it would only fit the most basic models of sewing machines. A lot of machines on the market today are computerized and a lot bigger than the basic models. I think they should change the description on this item to include which models it fits."
"Universal carrying cases aren't designed to snugly hold the machine, but the bottom isn't flat so it rocks around and makes me nervous every time I pack my machine away. The handle is comfortable though."
"My brother sewing machine fits in fine . I even put the pedal and cord and other stuff in it because there's enough room. It wiggles around in there but since my machine is cheap, I don't care."
This case is to be used completely separate from the sewing machine.  Unable to use the sewing machine while it's locked into the bottom of the case.  The entire case must be removed. Very inconvenient.
Just what I wanted!
Perfect
Item delivered as per order. I purchased it for Singer 3323 Talent. The Internal dimensions were as per Amazon Specification but length & width are slightly bigger for Singer 3323 Talent while height is OK.
It fits my singer well. It is as pictured and we'll constructed/sturdy.
no problem
My sewing machine fit perfectly.  Very sturdy and well made
My granddaughter loves her Brother machine.  11 years old and already sewing!
The case fits just fine and am ordering another for the other granddaughter.  very easy to use and can use the sewing machine by leaving it set in the bottom of the carrying case.  Very good construction.
Good Singer quality.  Seller shipped promptly.
thanks
Fits my Singer 7258 nicely.
nice carrying case and keeps dust out
"Perfect! I have a Singer Curve, fits perfectly and keeps dust out and cats off!! Lol...great deal, rugged, single packed so no puckies to pick up!! Get one!"
Fine
excelente
good
Seems like a well made machine.
Like it
Simple to use....good weight for mobility.  The light could be brighter.
works great
Nice case!
Great
GOOD
Good solid sewing machine
"Perfect Fit , And Plenty Of Room For Other Stuff"
"Perfect for my Singer 7258. It keeps my machine protected, clean and easy to carry."
It seems nice.  i decide to return it because I need something that easier to take to class.  This one I have to carry but it is great quality.
"I use this case for a Singer 7528 and it works very well.  It provides a sturdy outside protective plastic casing of the sewing machine that not only protects against potential damage (of course other than dropping the machine) and protects the machine from dust.  Inside the case is grid like pattern on the floor of the case that helps prevent the sewing machine from sliding around inside the case.  Although, you need to use common sense and not tip the case back and forth.  Your sewing machine is heavy and should be transported as level as possible.  Overall I really like this case, and I felt for the protection it was worth the price."
Now I can take my sewing machine to my daughters house
A strong case for protecting my new sewing machine from dust or damage in the closet.
good deal
Love it!  It does the job with room to spare!  I have my Heavy Duty Singer in it and it holds lots of doodads too!  Highly recommend!
"I purchased a new Singer Heavy Duty 4423 sewing machine and serger a few months ago and needed a cover. This one fit the bill for the sewing machine perfectly. The case is a bit large so I just kept the original styrofoam packaging for the  machine and foot paddle, which the case can accommodate quit easily. I do have another Singer Dual Sew 3400 with a removal case that only slides over the machine, placed it inside of this case and it also fit very well. I read all of the comments before making this purchased and found them very helpful, thanks to all of you fellow crafters , hobbyist and semtresses out there for leaving good suggestions (pro or con). I plan to get order another case very soon."
"Totally impressed with this case. The inside floor of the case measures approximately 17""x10"". Outside it's over 14"" high. Plenty of room for a most any size sewing machine and foot pedal. Very hard plastic, sturdy latches and a roomy carrying handle make this the perfect protection for traveling with a machine.  Happy with my purchase."
This case isn't anything fancy - a fairly heavy plastic but it is basically a shell of a case with nothing inside as side protectors to guard against the sliding of the sewing machine inside the case. I may try to use some bubble wrap inside when carrying the case & machine inside to protect the machine during transport.
ok
Fits my machine perfectly.
This carrying case is a super complement to the new Singer sewing machine I got my wife for Christmas.
Works great for my sewing machine to keep it safe. Protects it from dust.
very good
My Singer One doesn't fit. NOT universal. Need to return.
Great value & quick delivery!
Does not have any moving parts. It a plastic box!!!
Great case for my machine that I kept in the original box for so long. Now it has a forever home.
Carrying case was great. But it's not heavy enough to carry the machine. Good to keep the machine  covered.
It's what I have needed for some time.  Keeps the dust off my machine when not in use and is lightweight and well made.  Highly recommended.
It worked well for my needs.
Good product. Fast delivery. I will recommend it to my friends.
OK.
does the job. very sturdy so far. wish the handle was better with my hands. maybe add some rubber for soft gripping
"I bought this to use with a Singer 4423 Heavy Duty machine.  Machine fits. Nothing special. Part of a College Graduation gift for a Fashion Apparel Major, needed a case for the machine."
My wife loves it
Awesome
"Good product, good seller."
The Carrying Case is too big for my Singer Sewing Machine....therefore it does not fit snug.  Also the bottom of the case raises up in the middle....so the Machine wobbles back and forth when you carry it !
Comfortably holds my Singer 7258 with room for the pedal and power cord.  Sturdy.  Would by again.
The bottom was not level
It is Nger
This fits the Singer machine that I bought my wife.  I think it would work for other brands as well.  It looks like it wouldn't be limited to sewing machines either.
"This fits not only my sewing machine, but a few extras like the booklet, the cord and the foot pedal.  It's perfect."
I sent it back too bulky for the sewing machine.
Came in great shape.  Good product.  Delivered on time.  I'm happy to recommend it to anyone!
"It is big as most reviews state, however, I wanted a case that I could store my old heavy, metal sewing machine in and protect it from our dogs, dust and anything else. It's perfect! I can keep all the accessories in it along with the machine. I didn't really care for the stark white so I painted mine black with my logo on it.( I used spray paint) now it fits the decor and protects my machine.  urbansoule.com"
nice case for sewing machine
Good case
Was disappointed that a cover did not come with the sewing machine and needed to be purchased separately.  It fits tightly and does its job.
"I just expected it to be sturdier, but for the price I paid, I think it is spacious enough to hold my sewing machine and a small box of threads and bobbins."
Only one observation is that the side hasp is in the way to use my machine while in the bottom piece of this case.  I have to remove the machine.
Good solid light case with plenty of room inside. My Singer 7258 is relatively small though stays in place due to the grip at the base/floor of the interior case. Enough room to put in a few accessories such as the foot pedal and a few other pouches of sewing tools.
Returned this item was too large for the small sized sewing machine.
Much too big for the sewing machine. Very clumsy.
Bought this case for  The Singer 5532 Heavy Duty Sewing Machine.  It is very sturdy and roomy enough for all of the accessories and some extras.
Large and bulky. It serves its purpose but my Singer was slightly smaller and moved around in the case while I was holding it.
Use it still! Thank You!
"My old Singer sewing machine from 1967 is still going strong but the case had deteriorated, broken handle, so this looked good.  It's a little larger than my sewing machine and there is no way to attach it to the bottom piece like the original one that came with the machine.  But all that is okay with me, I just needed a good case to store the machine in.  This is perfect for that."
excelente
"This case is exactly what I needed and expected.
I got it for my Singer 4411 Heavy Duty machine, and it works great.
My only complaints are that because it's universal, it is a bit large for my machine and that since it's so utilitarian it isn't exactly exciting to look at. I'm definitely sewing a cover or something to make it less boring.
Otherwise, I would definitely recommend this case for anyone who needs to move their machine around, whether just to store it when not in use (like me) or to take it around for crafting nights, etc."
This machine case fits my singer portable machine fine. I can always depend on Amazon for quality products and fast service. Thank you.
just as expected!
Well made case. Sewing machine fits great!
The case is exactly what I was expecting and fits my Singer 4423 perfectly!
very comfortable!
"Singer 611. BR Universal Hard Carrying Case for Most Free-Arm Sewing Machines is a wonderful carrying case with storage for pins, scissors, etc. It is easy to carry."
"I use this to carry my sewing machine back and forth from sewing class, and also to store it in the closet.  It is large enough that you don't have to solve a puzzle to get the machine in there, but small enough that it does not have room to tip over.  The latches are sturdy so I'm not afraid of it breaking.  One quirk is that the lid only likes to fit one way, on mine anyway. You do have to get a good fit from the lid to the base before you latch it.  This got easier as I kept using it a lot, as if it ""broke in"".  I would recommend this case."
"I love this hard case! The only problem I have with it is my sewing machine is too large to fit inside with the ""table"" attached. I have the SINGER One Plus 221-Stitch Computerized Sewing Machine. Which has an extended work area.. So I just take the table off and store it in my sewing cabinet when I put my sewing machine in this case.  I have not found anything else my machine fits in, and this case with the handle makes transporting my sewing machine from place to place very easy!!!"
I like it. It fits so well and keeps my sewing machine clean.
every sewing machine needs a home
Pleased with quality.
It was larger than expected.
this is great  keep the sewing machine covered when not in use and i can keep all my additional sewing equip with machine.
machine fits great in it
It's great but not large enough for the whole machine. I have a singer.
Works great
Use with sewing machine.
Doesn't fit the Singer One Plus (yeah - I'll totally spend $300+ on the special case for that! NOT!) but if you take off the bit quilting attachment thingy (this is my wife's - I know nothing about sewing) it fits. Feels solid enough to lug around a 20lb sewing machine.
The case fits my machine perfectly and makes it very mobile.
Nice quality case.  Great protection for our singer
Fits my Janome Magnolia seeing machine perfectly. Good quality plastic and still lightweight.
Just what I had hoped for.  Great buy!
The latches are really secure. I was impressed with the quality. I bought it for my mother & she was extremely happy with it.
Nice case for a great price!
"I first bought a a ""Brother 5300 Universal Sewing Machine Carrying Case"" for my Brother HC1850 sewing machine. That case is far too large and my sewing machine slides around whenever the weight shifts.

This case, on the other hand, fits with little extra space around the base of the machine.  Nicely made, too."
The width & depth are slightly larger that stated leaving more room than I expected.  Good quality case.
Great product. I ordered a monogram sticker to add.
Bought as a gift. She was very pleased
Great product!
Love it!!
good
"Product fit as advertised and looks great, carries well."
love it
This holds my granddaughters machine.  It is light weight and easy to use.  It was a good price and just what I wanted.
Love it!
It scratched the sewing machine plastic with the internal metal parts but other than that fits very well
"New, in the box. Great delivery. It fit my wife's sewing machine like it was made for it. Wait, it's a Singer."
Never had a case before for my machine. Very happy with this. I carry with one hand on handle and the other supporting the bottom. The clasps on the side as of now are stiff and strong. I am hoping they stay that way. The plastic of the case seems strong  yet pliable and not brittle.  I purchased for the Singer Talent and it fits well with ample room for pedal and booklets.
"Singer universal case fit my sewing machine perfectly, and will it easier to transport and keep clean."
Great size for my brother machine. It is a little large but that give me room for stashing everything in it.
Great
Good sturdy case. I keep the Styrofoam from the box the sowing machine came in and took a little of of it so it would fit in the case that way the machine stays secure in the case and does not move around. I gave it a 4 because there nothing to secure the machine in side the case and there lots of room for it to move a round. I bought it to hold a singer CG590
daughter loved it
Looks very hard!!! good for Singer sewing
It's very spacious and durable !!
Just what I wanted to give m daughter for Christmas
Fits my machine great!
Never used/owned a case for my sewing machine. I needed a new machine so I decided to get a case to. This makes storage so easy I don't know why I didn't do this sooner. I love it and there is room for everything.
great
It's a sewing machine case.  What else is there to say?
bueno
Big but the price is right and this makes a nice case to put the sewing machine in.
Perfect fit for the Singer model 2259 machine i purchased. The case is sturdy and light weight.
Seems sturdy and all of our equipment fits.
"The case was purchase because we had no case for the sewing machine, that was given to Grandma. Now she's able to handle the machine better. PMorning B'ham Al"
Fit our Singer 8500 perfectly.
Good for use
easy to carry machine and to store other items used with sewing
"Fit machine well plus extra room for material, patterns or other needs."
Perfect size and easy to carry
Nice
Fits the Singer simple stitch perfectly.
works good
Much nicer than my old one .. It was bought as a gift. I may replace MY old one..
"Very good. Strong, secure. I love it."
the machine fits in it really good. glad to have a hard cover to protect the machine
Just as described.  Thank you...
Handy for carrying!
Fits machine perfectly.  Makes it a lot easier to carry machine to club house or just from bedroom to kitchen table.
"The case is a little bit bulky, but it allows you to put things in it to store the machine. The color is very strong and not too heavy."
Perfect.
Fit the Singer 2259 perfectly!
Went great with my girlfriends sewing machine.
Fits machine
Okay
buenisimo
This is a must buy item for the sewing machine I bought.
Provides sturdy security when moving expensive equipment.
I would not of purchased it had I known there was a cloth cover included with the purchase of machine
quality carrier and storage for my new singer machine a few other things tucked around the edges as well. serves its purpose well.
"Very speedy delivery for one, the case is so sturdy! Not at all what I had expected ( I did not think it was going to be ""this"" good for that price! So was pleasantly surprised when I discovered that this will make it for many more years to come! Good deal!"
"A+ transaction, fast and well packed shipping, condition as described. The picture does not show it by mine came w/ a nice, sturdy, fold down handle that seems solid and should last; as in not flimsy. Strong clamps holding the two parts together. A nice good quality case to protect my sewing machine; ours is a KENMORE which fits into it w/o a problem."
thank you
"I had thought I was ordering some thing that would fit the sewing machine I ordered at the same time.  The case is twice the size of the machine. Very bulky to store and the machine needs to have foam fitted around it so that it doesn't tip in the case when I pick it up and move. it.  It is not
large enough to hold sewing accessories, so the extra space is useless.  Not what I expected...although the case itself is nice, it just doesn't work
for this sewing machine."
very nice machine
"love this universal carrying case for my new singer machine, easy to open with the levers on either side of case. Lightweight enough once machine is inside. Also, you can store scissors, tape measure, thread, needles, etc. (inside the case alongside machine, enough room)"
GOOD FOR STORAGE
fast
perfect
"The advertisement stated it would fit the machine I have which is a new One Plus (1+).  It will not fit with the extension that comes on the machine.  I will be using the machine with the extension most the time so this carrying case is not going to work for me.  It is a nice sturdy, well made case but, it is for a basic, traditional sewing machine.  It is not made for the machines with extensions for quilting and embroidery.  It arrived in new condition and in a timely manner.  I gave it a rating of 3 stars mostly because of the advertising which lead me to believe it would fit my machine.  I would buy it for a basic sewing machine.  It is a great storage case to keep your machine safe and clean, and for traveling with your machine.  I will probably be returning this case or looking for another home for it, since I can't use it."
Very sturdy case.
Met my expectations.
"great transaction, no issues"
Great quality!!
Fits well.
Reviewed one that looked used and had a strong perfumey odor. Had to return it.
Does not fit the designer machines at all.
this was a gift
good seller. recommended
My mom loves the machine.
love it
This worked great for my daughter.  Durable.
"Well made, very nice"
The case came within the designated two days.  I was very pleased to see that the case is constructed of a hard and durable plastic  which is much better than the plastic bag of a cover sent with the sewing machine.  My machine is a little smaller than the case; that is okay as it allows me to store a couple of essentials with my machine.
"This case is lightweight but sturdy, and holds not only the machine, but the detachable arm, bobbin case and a little bag of machine accessories. Perfect for my needs!"
Very happy with our purchase!
"Pretty good case, just wished it was any color but white. But was what I was looking for"
"Fast Delivery, product just as described, very satisfied."
This will be great for the sewing machine I just purchased.
works great
Way too big for the my Elna 220 but I needed something yo store it in. Very bulky case and the handle kind of hurts my hand too.
I was hesitant about ordering this case but when it came it is durable and fits my Singer 7258 perfect with room for the foot pedal beside it
work well for what it was made
This case fits my machine like a glove.  I love it.
"It says it is a universal carry case, but it is too big for my Singer sewing machine it said it was compatible with. There's nothing to keep it from banging around like my old singer case."
"Well made, solid, good price and made in the USA."
"I ordered this case for my wife's singer tradition sewing machine, it arrived quickly, her machine and power cord fit with room to spare. The bottom part is very sturdy. The 2 metal clips appear be be sturdy with the option to place locks if needed. Great price, nicely made product. It will do a much better job than the card board box the machine came in."
I was very pleased with this case which is a better one than  I received with my more expensive machine.  I love it!
A little bulky but very sturdy. It should keep my machine in good shape.
"Great product, best price around!"
"item was as described, good price and fast shipment"
I now own two of these cases and find them ample storage for most sewing machines. It makes it easier to carry my sewing machines to other locations and allows room for my sewing notions as well.
Great product1
Great+++++
Excellent product. You receive what you expect. Very well packed as to avoid damages while in transit.
FANTASTIC CASE... works great with my new machine!
This case is excellent!!
good!
"Too flimsy, a hard case is something that would be made by Pelican."
Sturdy carrying case and easy to attach to sewing machine.
Sturdy and not bulky...exactly what I was expecting.
"Perfect fit, I LOVE IT!"
Looks just like picture. Fits singer machine well. No problem. Secure n ez to use n carry. Only thing I didn't like was style--pretty plain.
very durable and fits my machine with a little room to spare
"This is the biggest piece of crap I have ever gotten off of here. I opened the package and 5 minutes later returned it. the handle doesnt look like this picture does it looked like it was inverted...I didn't see any singer branding on this either. I don't believe this is Singer product. Anyway, its pretty thin in the plastic department too....the bottom was beveled....I just wasn't going to pay for something that looked like that.."
Works great at a good price
More easy to store my Singer sewing machine. Strong easy to carry so for me it's a must to protect your sewing machine
"Bought as a gift for an avid sewer. It is quiet thick and protects their machine very well.

Holds weight of machine but not too heavy on its own.

Very satisfied to hear their satisfaction so it makes for something worth giving!"
Perfect for the Singer I bought for my spouse... she squeeed with joy!
I got this case for my wife so she could carry around her new sewing machine. It is very functional and useful.
Works great for when I go out of town and take my machine with me.
Seems sturdy enough and machine fits well.
Great Product!
This works grate for the sewing machine.
Great ...my sewing machine cords and extension cord fit in it perfectly.  Arrived very timely within a couple of days.
"Will keep dust off of the sewing, instead. It seems to be sturdy."
good
Good case but I wish it was a little more durable.  Will work terrific keeping dust and dirt out of my new machine. A good buy for the money!
It is just as I thought it would be.  I am very pleased with it.
Perfect fit!  100%
Needed it nn
"This carry case fit my old kenmore sewing machine just fine.  I checked it against my old singer over-lock and it worked fine for that as well.  I'm a bit concerned the handle wouldn't  last very long if i needed to move the case around a lot.  Overall, for the price, it's a good value."
Well built.
My Singer fits!
Love this case! Easy to travel have when traveling and sewing!
"I gave this to my daughter, she reports her Brother's sewing machine fits perfectly with plenty of room for her sewing accessories."
Good
fits the machine perfectly
"I ordered this product and I was skeptical about this product.  But, it fits my singer machine perfectly.  I'm satisfy with this product."
This fit my machine great and even had some spare room. Stored with no problems!
Machine fits perfectly in case
This cover works as advertised  for my wife's machine.
"My wife could not get a hard carrying case in the UK, not even from Singer direct so she is delighted with this purchase from the US. It arrived from Amazon before expected and the product is recommended to anybody that is not happy with the totally inadequate flimsy dust cover that came with the machine."
"Sturdy, roomy, protects well. Mine has enough room for a 1990s Singer mechanical machine plus a full size iron. I wouldn't put it through air cargo, but it is definitely great for storing the machine at home, especially if you are in a humid area and don't want to put a tea cozy on your machine."
This was the case listed for my model but it's ill-fitting. I have to shove it around to get the pedal and everything to fit but then there is extra space and it will slide in transport.
Nice case... just didn't work for my wife's sewing machine (too small).  Return was easy though and if they come out with a larger case I'll buy one.
This product is lightweight and still pretty sturdy. Should work fine.
Looks and feels durable.
I am very happy with my purchase
As always great service and product!!
Does not fit the Singer One due to extended work surface of this model.
Light but sturdy
Good case. Closes securely. Fits my Brother machine and Singer. Keeps the dust  bunnies away and keeps sewing problems to a minimum in the future.
Very convenient carrying case.
Sturdy cover.
Exactly what I needed.  Hard cover without a lot of weight.  My foot pedal and manual fit into it just fine.  Highly recommend it!
Perfect to be protected my sewing machine
"BUY IT FOR MY AUNT AND MUCH YOU LIKE THE PRODUCT
I RECOMMEND IT IS VERY TIMELY AND THANK YOU CARDS"
"I returned this item, not because there was anything wrong with it but because it really isn't needed and just makes the machine take up more room. If you don't have a perfect place in your linen closet for your machine when you are not using it, then this item is fine."
LOve it
This case will work well for smaller machines.  It is too small for the Singer One machine that i recently purchased.  Instead I used it to replace the hard case that I had been using with my old machine.  Compaired to the old case this one is much better.  It has metal latches that lock securely and a comfortable handle on the top..
Got this for my wife's old Pfaff.  The case on that one was cheaply made and broken.  This one fits perfectly and seem quite sturdy.
A++++++++
"Fits my smaller Singer machine with room to spare. I have the foot pedal, and spool adapters sitting on one side, and some spare needles, and parts on the other and I STILL have some room. I wouldn't recommend this if you are looking for a very secure storage case however, as the plastic is thick enough for occasional use, but not for constant carrying and moving. The buckles on the side of the case hold it shut, and I can hold just the handle on top and the case stays closed. I'm not sure I would ever carry it that way, but it does the job. I mainly bought this to keep my toddler off of my machine before she ended up hurting herself - she is obsessed with the foot, she watches me using it and probably thinks it's a toy. This case keeps her out, dust and dirt out, and keeps my machine in tact and organized. I highly recommend it for those reasons - but again, if you are using it everyday then maybe go for something more sturdy. At this price, the average sewer can't lose with this case."
fits the machine nicely
"exactly as stated, great for being able to go anywhere, great price"
NICE CASE!
Easy to use
"Exactly as described, fast shipping."
good
I love it!!!!
". It suits my purpose exceptionally well. Fits my machine and is sturdy.  I am just not happy that I was not refunded the charge for VAT since it was below Irish VAT cap and I never got any VAT receipt, the rating will be changed if someone answers my concern satisfactorily."
Great sewing machine and an excellent price.  Very easy to use with excellent directions
"machine doesn't fit so well, will have to completely remove machine from case to use it, not like the golden oldie models that sat in the bottom sturdy and all you had to do when u were finished with it was cover and lock down the clamps, my machine wobbles in the bottom portion of the case"
Strong carrying case!
ok.
Not sturdy.
"Nice
Thanks"
"I'm sure I will love this sewing machine, I didn't see it yet but positive I will surely use it, I'm in Maine with my summer job, I will see it end of September..
Thank you ,maybe you can send me an email first week of October so that I will tell you more.
Thank you"
In a word - Does what it's supposed to do.
Sewing machine fit perfectly.
Love it esp. the self threading tool
No way to lock machine down inside. I already bought something else.
keeps my machine dust free and safe when I have to  haul it around to my quilting classes
Large enough to hold a few supplies and keeps the dust off the machine....very important for good maintenance. Good price. Sturdy construction.
"The carrying case is good for the money and is pretty big to fit tons of different brands of sewing machines in it. I only wish it had some form of foam or bumper protection like other cases to prevent the sewing machine from rattling inside the case during the transportation. Otherwise, it is great, no complaints, way better protection than a thin cloth that came with the sewing machine. I will probably make some kind of straps on the bottom part to secure the machine inside the case and to prevent any movement."
its sturdy made.
Very nice case and will work for a lot of different size sewing machines with room for some accessories. Would recommend
Light and easy to carry
VERY GOOD
"This is too big for my sewing machine, but it does offer protection from dust and drops."
to big for the machine. it was moving around the case when you carry it.
Fits my Singer Promise II perfectly.  With room to spare for the foot pedal.
Excelen
"I have to send it back.  The machine fits if I take off the extension that makes the surface flat, but I dont' want to take it off for fear of losing it if it's separated.  Bummer!  I love it other than that!"
Light enough to carry if one is a member of a sewing circle for charity work.-0
Fits perfectly & good quality!
Perfect fit.  Well made.
Nice to have as s sturdy dust cover that won't ding and dent plus travels well.
Fits the heavy duty singer I bought nicely
"This case fits my Jamome Magnolia 7318 perfectly.  Great sturdy case that closes well, and has a handle for easy carrying."
Arrived as expected
"Seems a bit flimsy, (thin plastic) but it shipped nice and works fine."
"nice product, great fit"
Would have preferred a solid bottom.
Nice product and was as described
Beatiful case fit and looks good too.
my sewing machine fit in it. Pretty sturdy and excellent price. Could not have hoped for anything else.
Great case for the price....new machine fits perfect.
Good!
Perfect!
Thread it's old and not of good quality.
"It's a case, it does it's job."
The carrying case is just what I was looking for.  Thanks Singer for making a case that fit my older singer machine that my mom had given to me....
Good
fits well thanks ands price is good
Excelent
Good quality  and sturdy.
"It does what it's supposed to do.  It covers the machine nicely, opens easily!"
bought for my son. he is away at college and is involved in a role playing games and he does all his on outfits. he says it works great and is easy to use
"Got this for a lower end Janome that came without a case.  Had first bought one of those darling fabric cases with flowers all over it. But it offered no protection what so ever for the machine. Just didn't make sense. While this case is universal, we plan to use either some of the packing foam that came with the machine and glue it around the corners, so the machine does not slip and slide when carried, or maybe use some florist foam I bought at the dollar store for the same purpose. Really nice case. It is smaller than the comparable Brother case, but our machine is smaller."
bien
Excellent quality and great value for money
"the carrying case is great! its light but also large enough for a lot of other things you might want to store. like in case you need to stop sewing all of a sudden, you can store your small sewing project in your case with your machine! (a blouse, a thin dress, a pair of shorts, small things ) I love it!"
"This item is cheap and flimsy. The bottom of the case was so warped that it would not sit flat on a table. Putting my wife's sewing machine inside did not help, it still wobbled around. In addition, there is nothing to secure the sewing machine inside the case, which turned out to be much bigger than the machine (a Singer Prelude 8280). Returning this item."
"Really not quality built, not even for $21.00.  Latches are poor, wife felt it would not hold the weight of machine.  The bottom is bowed out not letting cas sit flat.  We Returned It"
Nice equipment at a nice price I really got this as a bundle so the hard cover really was a nice bonus
"Sturdy and protective. Fits machine, cords, foot, and other items with ease. This case is high quality at a reasonable price."
"My machine fits in it nicely.  you can put other things in it too that go with the machine.  I have wanted one of these for a long, long time.....now I am happy."
very nice case and made good. It fits the Brothers sewing machine that I recently bought. Very pleased with purchase.
Based on the price I shouldn't have expected much.  But it stopped working and jammed with the second time I went to use it and I couldn't get it to work after multiple attempts to unjam and fix it.  It went into the trash.
"I bought this case just before we moved across the country. I wanted something to protect my Singer sewing machine while we were on the road. This fit the bill perfectly. My sewing machine arrived at our new home safe and sound. The only thing I didn't like was that my machine didn't seem to sit level on the bottom piece of the case. I added a scrap piece of fleece between the two, and that fixed the problem."
Bought it for storing my Singer Serger.  At first I didn't think it would accommodate the unit but I just had to remove the storage and place it along side.  Fits perfectly and makes transporting a breeze.
"Perfect except you have to completely remove the machine before using it, meaning you can't leave it in the base and simply cover it with the top."
exactly what i needed. fits perfectly wit my singer. was worried that it wouldnt but it does so thank you!
"It will serve my needs. Clean lines, easy to use, light weight. It will be easy to keep clean and to keep my machine clean."
Use it to store the Singer 7258 machine.  The case also has room for some small sewing tools & attachments.
"Bought two of them. A little larger than necessary for my Singer/Kenmore machines, so that I can only store one machine where I used to store two. Would be nice if the cases could be stacked. A little flimsier than I would like. Does what I wanted, i.e., keep dust and lint off the machines better than my previous flexible plastic covers and making the machines more easily portable so that I was, for ex., able to take my Singer to work where I have lots of table space to lay stuff out. Good value for the price. Five star perfection would probably require prohibitive ratail prices."
Fits my singer curvy from 2009. happy with it. good material. Has space for the cords. not too bulky. would recommend
My daughter bought me a new Singer Sewing Machine that did not come with a case. It has lots of room for some accessories and is heavy plastic. Good Case.
I purchased this case for my brother sewing machine...it does what it's supposed to do--make it easier to carry the sewing machine from place to place.  It's light weight and all the pieces of my machine fit easily in the carrier.  Good product. Great price.  I looked at several stores in person and online and this was the best price going.
"My last sewing machine fell and broke, so I was determined to protect my new one.  Even after making a covered foam pad, my sewing machine fits perfectly and securely.  Glad this was available."
this will work perfect for storing dust free and carrying to my next sewing or quilting classes..come rain or shine
"this is a very beautiful cover but it look that it is not strong ,i have placed my heavy duty machine inside to save my machine from damage,I appreciate Amazon to guide me to have nice addition for sewing curtains and other heavy materials,I have shown this machine to my sister she liked it wanted to make herself use I said ,when you want this I will order for you .thank you once again. Abeda"
If you have little kids that like to play with buttons or you don't like to keep it out it's a great product to store your sewing machine
"We needed a way to haul a sewing machine to FL for a wedding.  This was inexpensive and worked to keep the machine safe.  Its not like an bulletproof case for sewing machines but we were able to pile luggage on it and it held up well.  I has some velco straps in the bottom to keep it from moving around that worked, but I would trust them with rough use."
"I needed something to carry my sewing machine, singer stylist, this case works great! Latches easily and I can carry it wherever I go. I also keep it in this case when I don't use it!!! I love it:)"
"The sewing machine case is compact, light weight and easy to store.  I will recommend this product to  friends & family."
"I love my sewing case it makes carrying the sewing machine better.  It is very light, and compatible, nice texture, and nice color."
Great cover enough room to put in the machine and still left over room to add all my accessory inside
"This is a very nice machine for occasional sewing. I mostly alter and repair.
Pros: It's easy to thread and adjust. It comes with excellent documentation, which I really appreciated because I hadn't had a sewing machine in years. I bought a case for it as well, which I recommend if, like me, you don't use a machine a lot. There's lots of decorative stitches and they all work.
Cons:The bobbin is a bit fiddly to get thread ""picked up"" by the needle in order to start sewing and the pressure foot lift is in a very awkward place (you have to put your hand through the arm to lift it). It struggles with thick layers like pant seams. And, like most appliances these days, the cord is too short! But, if you don't need to sew canvas or a lot of stretch garments, it will do the job for you."
I have had several machines but never got the carrier for them and it was hard to put away in a place that they would not get dust or be banged up. This carrier did the trick!
"The 611. BR carrying case is a nice product - lightweight and sturdy - but my Singer Plus One machine doesn't fit in it (even when I remove the drawer from the end).  I would recommend the case to anyone who has a ""regular size"" machine."
I bought this case to protect my singer and it works great. It is roomy and completely protects my sewing machine.
"It has a lot of extra space to store sewing essentials, lightweight and easy to manipulate, compact and easy to store."
this works really well for my new Singer machine. Lots of room for also storing the footpedal and wires. Great!
Have not had trouble with it I use it am happy I finally got a sweing machine I wanted one for so long
"My vintage machine fits nicely along with the power cord and instruction book.
I would have liked a sturdier latch only because the machine is pretty heavy.  I have learned to be careful when lifting by the handle just in case it should snap.  Has not yet.  Much nicer than the stained carrier that came with the machine.  My mother in law gave me the machine and I love the machine, the case was old and stained.
This case I believe is designed for the newer light weight portable machines which don't weigh much."
My Singer 7258 Stylist sewing machine fit perfectly in this case covering all sides and making it easy to carry for transport if needed. Good quality case and latches.
I bought this for my wife's Husqvara sewing machine.  It fits nicely and is very durable in design.  I would recommend this case for anyone looking to protect a nice sewing machine.
I was hesitant to buy this whether it's heavy or not. but it's a very good case compared to other brands. easy grip and carry. awesome and great deal too.  highly recommended
"I bought a new sewing machine that did not come with a case.  This case was about 1/3 the price of the Universal Case made by My machine Maker.  Even though it is a Singer Case, it doesn't have the brand mark all over it, so it works great for other brands.  It was a tiny bit large for my machine but I was able to make a foam cushion for the slack and it is large enough for extra accessories.  I'm quite happy with this case."
I sent back three of these because it wasn't assembled properly and parts were missing. This could have resulted in dropping the machine on the floor.
Cheaply made and does not fit sewing machine snuggly enough to protect it from banging around inside of it. Waste.
"I bought this case to house a birthday present sewing machine for my mom, but I've had a case like this of my own for years now. They're very durable."
"Although this took longer to receive than I expected, it arrived in good condition.  Fits my Singer Scholastic model fine and not too heavy either, as the machine by itself is light weight. A selling point as I age and desire lighter weight objects."
I love how my sewing machine fit so nice in it .very easy to carry around now .Thank you very much .I like amazon.com
I choose this rating because the carrying case doesn't have any foam inside to support the Sewing Machine. The sewing machine do not stable in side the case
My daughter takes a sewing class at our co-op and this is such a great purchase that ensures she keeps everything together. Nice solid case and each to carry.
After I got my One Plus machine I thought I would get a case. This was listed as being ordered with the machine so I got it. I should have actually measured the machine because this is way too small. But it's a perfectly nice case.
"I bought this as a replacement for the Brother Universal Case because the handle broke after about 5 months.  This one is smaller and fits my sewing machine (Brother XR1355 just right with some room for my supplies.  The plastic and shape is better than the Brother Case.  As of now, I would recommend this Singer over the Brother case."
This is a nice case for the sewing machine and it was very reasonably priced. I'm glad that I purchased it at the same time as the machine.
Does the job. No complaints except maybe should feel a little sturdier and padding on the inside would be fierce
"Great to have for carring your machine to class. It is a little large for my sewing machine; you may want to check your measurements. It is a must  buy for the price, and I can always use the extra space for my fabric project."
"The case is nice fits my old sewing machine perfectly, but don't expected it to fit all sewing machines. I does NOT fit the Singer ONE! Even taking the caddy off, the handle is still to tall for it.
But I kept it for my older machine and I can keep everything together, it is a very nice case!"
Not quite as sturdy as I would have like but serves it purpose nonetheless.  Would have preferred the plastic to have been thicker.
I have seen this case before they have held up well. Would buy again for the next machine. Well made product.
"This case is as described.  It is used to store my kenmore sewing machine.  There is room for the cord/pedal.  I didn't need anything fancy with wheels.  Just something to protect, store,  and carry.  The handle is molded and the locks are sufficient.  I would purchase again."
It doesn't fit my machine so I give it a one sorry my machine is taller than tote thank you Marilyn Tennant
Case is as advertised and fits my machine. The price is economical and storing case is very convenient and not unsightly.
"the wife tryed it out. she says that it,s not as heavy duty as it could be but it will work for her sewing needs. I,m not sure if it will meet my expectation, i haven,t put it to the test yet. but the price and the name brand was right. so i guess we,re both happy with it."
"I bought this to go along with my ""SINGER 7469Q Confidence Quilter Computerized Sewing and Quilting Machine,"" also purchased here on Amazon.  They fit together like a hand in a glove!  Very sturdy and well-built of good thick plastic.  A must have if your machine doesn't come with a case of its own."
"Lightweight for a carrying case, it is easy to install sewing machine into this case- even has extra room for sewing!"
"This item is very nice. I left my sewing machine in the attic after a long time away from home, exactly 11 months, and the plastic did not yellow."
"Sturdy hard plastic, with easy to use latches, and a good solid handle. I will definitely feel a lot better about taking my sewing machine out of the house with this case to protect it."
"product  is great my singer sewing machine fit in it great with a little extra room for the foot petal, and offers great protection so nothing happens to the sewing machine."
"I am very pleased with this case, as it is very sturdy & locks nice and tight. I would highly recommend it to anyone who is looking to protect their sewing investment whenever it is stored. :-)"
This is a good price for a sturdy carrier and cover for the sewing machine I purchase before. I'm glad to have it at this price.
"My Singer sewing machine fits nicely in this box for easy storage. If I need to take it with me, it also travels nicely."
I love my new Singer 611. BR hard carrying case that I bought for my Singer 4411 Heavy Duty Sewing Machine.  Its not heavy but sturdy enough to take with me.
"Works ok , but made of cheap plastic.
Original case that came with my sewing machine is better.
We will keep it as  a backup case."
"Again, the carrying/storage case was a great accessory.  So glad I ordered it;  it's a perfect fit and very easy to use. Great value."
"This carrying case is very spacious, I have a Singer 4423 and it still has room inside. So If you have a standard to large sewing machine this will be perfect. The only downside because it is spacious you will need to add something for padding (like foam) to fill in the empty space to make your machine a little more secure if you are mobile. Otherwise, if your using it to store in your home it's great!"
"If you get the machine, the carry case is a no brainer to protect it, especially if you are only an occasional sewer.  I needed to make it ""grandkids"" proof."
"I bought this for a SINGER 4423 Heavy Duty Model Sewing Machine With Metal Interior.  The price was right and when it arrived, on time for Christmas the machine fit snug as a bug."
"I bought a new Singer sewing machine and I was giving my older sewing machine with it's separate case to my son in another state. This new case latches well but is much roomier that my previous case. The machine sits down into the well of the case instead of up higher, so to use the sewing machine, I may have to take it out of the case. Not a big deal. It keeps the machine inside, along with the new instruction book, and a few extras. So far, I have little to criticize concerning this case."
"This is just the best one I could find that I could afford.  The price matched the quality.  It is simply molded plastic with metal clasps at the base and has a molded plastic handle to carry it by.  Strictly the basics, no frills or style.  It will protect a machine and keep it free of dust."
"Everything as expected. I would recommend to friends. I am glad I ordered it.
Thank You Very Much! :-) ..."
The carrying case was a good fit for my sewing machine. I like it. I scored a good deal on it and am very happy with the purchase.
"As many reviews stated, it's a bit big for our Singer.  Since we still had the original styrofoam packaging for the sewing machine, I took it out and cut off the bottom 3 or 4 inches and put it into the base of the case.  It keeps the machine from moving around in the case, and is easy enough for my 10 year old daughter to take it in and out at her sewing class.  A great compromise for the price."
"Its sturdy, self locking, and light. That's all you need for a starting seamstress. Good investment to protect your investment."
I wanted the carrying case so I could keep the new sewing machine free from dust and dirt when not using it.  Plus it makes it easier to move the machine from place to place.
This case fits my sewing machine perfectly.  There is plenty of room to include the foot control and the owner's manual.  Nice and light.
If you need someplace to store your sewing machine this is the one item you really need.  It will fit most of the portables that Singe Makes.  Item came packed along with the sewing machine.  Kudos to Amazon packaging team.  I would recommend this seller to everyone.
"A no-frills solution, this generic case fits my machine and closes securely. No complaints, but no accolades as well. Would buy again."
I have a similar case from years ago. This one is very light and cheaply made. There is no comparison between two. I am very disappointed.
The case was ordered along with the matching sewing machine. It protects and also is easy to carry. I expect it to last.
"I really like my carrying case.  Because of having to store my machine in a closet, this is a great way to store it.  It's easy to handle and there's enough room in the case for additional things I like to keep with my sewing machine."
"I ordered this with my sewing machine, it is really nice and my machine fits in it good. it's not a cheap looking one I really like it."
I needed something to put my sewing machine in and my daughter suggested that I purchase this and I am very glad that I did.
Nice product. Great for an universal case.  I would recommend this product again.  Sole yet very sturdy and easy to carry.
"Works well for taking to classes, is not heavy .It  also keeps dust and dirt off the machine.  I really like it."
"This is a sturdy plastic, very well made, and an overall great product. Happy that I bought it. Fits my singer perfectly"
this was a really good deal for me. Fits my singer sewing machine just perfectly. Always wanted one and now I have one to keep the dust off my sewing machine. I would definitely recommend getting one if you don't have one. The price was great and so was the delivery.
Fit my White sewing machine perfect!  Durable and so glad my sewing machine is protected from hands that like to turn dials!! Yikes!!
It fits my new machine perfect. Very durable.  Even has room for manuals and misc items like scissors and all.
"I had kept my sewing machine in the box it originally came in for many many years.  I decided it was time to get a case and choose this one. It fit my machine just fine, with room for the foot pedal and cords too."
I love it. It has been very useful. I use it on a daily basis. Idk what else to say
"It seems reasonably rugged and capacious, but that capaciousness might for some machines be as much a curse as a blessing.  In particular, there is nothing to keep my sewing machine, a pretty standard-sized Singer 7258, from sliding and banging around quite a bit inside the case when I travel with it.  That said, if one is intending the case just to protect the machine in a crowded closet or basement, it works great."
"It's a simple no-nonsense compartment for your singer sewing machine. Nothing fancy, but a handy thing to keep your machine in."
"It's a perfectly nice product but we couldn't use it. Our new machine wouldn't fit, but this case is light and accessible."
"This case fits the singer just fine, it feels a little hollow and cheap, but seems to hold up.  Mine is now over two years old and it has no issues.  It gets 4 stars rather than 5 just because it feels cheap, no problems with it."
"I love this thing it is very well made heavy duty good strong plastic, color is as seen in picture, very attractive, nice surface texture, roomy the claps keeping it closed are silid steel, nice handle. It is easy to lift and carry, machine efforlessly goes in and comes out of it, and it is way nicer then one I had yeas ago because that one was a bit snug making it harder to get the presser foot etc into it

Measurements

Height 13 inches

Width 18 inches wide

Depth/front to back 9 1/2 inches"
The case is great. for storing it and keeps it clean. Can be stored anywhere without the worry of it getting damaged.
It is a bonus that there is room enough to include the foot pedal and instruction manual in the case with the machine.
THAT IS A PERFECT CASE FOR THE MACHINE. IT MAKES IT VERY EASY TO CARRY AND GIVES IT PROTECTION FROM DEW.
My 169 singer fits in it for transportation when I head to the woods to do my sewing and mending.
The description should include the machines that it fits and those it does not work for which includes the machine I bought
This machine has proven to be just what I needed. The direction in the manual helped me in knowing how to use all the special designs. I liked how easy it is to change length and width. The carry case cover is a great addition and it has good storage for all the extra feet and manual. I'm very pleased with this machine.
Purchased for my daughter-in-law for Christmas.  She has 2 toddlers and uses her sewing machine on dining room table. Gave this sturdy case to protect her machine from those little hands. Good size and sturdy.
"This case was purchased on Amazon at the same time as a new basic Singer Sewing machine. I echo the other comments. It's not a custom case like the older models had, but it adequately covers up the machine, has room for the pedal and accessories and can be transported easily. For the cost, can't really complain. It is totally functional!"
"I was so happy to find a good quality machine, for a reasonable price to give my daughter for Christmas....and It was on my doorstep in 3 days."
"Case is lightweight and the sewing machine set in perfectly.  A few more color options, especially ""black"" would have been nice."
"This Universal Carrying Case is not so universal for holding the sewing machine in place.  Add some newspaper or extra materiel for padding to keep in place.  Better yet, keep looking for one that fits your machine precisely."
Fit her Singer Curvy just fine.  Good price and sturdy and does not add a lot of weight to the sewing machine when you are carrying it.
This case was the perfect fit for the new sewing machine my daughter recently received at her bridal shower. Thanks.
"This sewing machine was a present for my wife at Christmas.  She loves it and found it very easy to use.

I would highly recommend  this machine to anyone."
"It's not heavy duty or anything, It's basically a case to keep the dust out.  If you want to save money, use the original box the machine comes with to keep for storage."
"The Carrying Case fit the sewing machine we have perfectly.  If you measure your sewing machine and know which cover to order, it is great."
"When I was looking at the sewing machine, this case was packaged with it and billed, therefore, as the one to use for storing this machine.  IT DOES NOT FIT!  Be advised to find another case or at the least do NOT buy this one thinking this sewing machine will fit in it."
Good storage for small equipment would share with everyone for a opportunity. I really like the locking hooks on the case. Thank you
This case is sturdy enough to carry your machine as well as all of your gear. I would definitely recommend this case to anyone that is going to be on the move with their machines.
New sewing machine fits and has plenty of room. Not to heavy and feels like it will last a long time.
Great price to protect my sewing machine from my small children's hands. Had to take a star away because it can be hard to snap close.
"I bought the case being somewhat uncertain that my Singer Inspiration 4212 ( also called a 4206) would fit. Thankfully it fits with room to spare. I can throw in other items ( secured in their own case) and have a single carrying case. It is light weight and the plastic is somewhat thin, but it will serve my purpose - to keep my machine dust free. I imagine that you would have to pack the case carefully for long bumpy trips, as the machine may bump around with all the extra space. If you are looking for a heavy-duty plastic case, this is not for you. It is perfect for single, domestic users for whom sewing is a hobby not a commercial enterprise."
I have not used it as yet but it appears to be great.  I am well pleased.and look forward to carring my machine with me.
This case fits perfectly for my Portable Singer sewing machine.  The clips to hold the top on work very good.  There is also extra space inside to store some stuff even when the machine in thethe carrier.  Don't hesitate to buy if you need to store your portable sewing machine.
"I'm only a beginner in the sewing machine world, but this case seems great!! It fits my Singer Promise, with extra room for me to store the plug and instruction manual inside the case.  I can't complain, its exactly what I wanted!"
"The plastic seems a bit thin, but it seems like it will work for what we need - basically storage and transporting within the house.  I would be worried if we needed to transport it often.  Our sewing machine is a smaller model, and there is no way to secure the base into the case.  I think it would slide around."
I thought that my sewing machine was kept safely. But I don't always need it. I wish I chose it again.
Very pleased with case - grand-daughter also said it was very handy.  Not heavy or awkward at all.  Like it a lot.
This should have come with the sewing machine like they did 20years ago other than that nice cover at a good price.
this is perfect for my Stylist sewing machine but I did not receive my 15J sewing machine bobbins for singer - 10 pack
"Very happy with this purchase. But not the packaging, I purchased two items which were boxed separately then put into one large box together, which would have been alright except  that the size of the box was so big that it need it some additional wrapping to prevent the two boxes from sliding into one another during the shipment. I was surprised to find that neither item had been damaged, especially when the U.P.S driver actually threw the box on the ground of my front door."
Shipping was quick and the case fit my Singer perfectly with a little room on the sides to fit a few extra goodies.  Very durable
Wonderful addition for my quilter sewing machine.  Look forward to keeping my machine in tip top shape with the hard cover carrying case.
"I bought this as a gift for my daughter to go along with her Singer sewing machine which I also purchased for her for Christmas. It seems strong and well made, and was made to go with her sewing machine. It was packaged in it's own cardboard box, so it was easy to wrap it for Christmas."
just what I needed to store my sewing machine when not in use.  a nice asset to my life a plus.
"As the description says, ""it is Universal"" for all sowing machines we own.
Always remove my machine from the case before sowing!"
"I got this case over a  year ago and it has held up very well.  I actually keep a Brother sewing machine in it that is rather heavy and awkward to handle, and the case makes it much easier to move around.  It's also nice to not have to worry about stray dust or debris getting down into the machine.

The hinges are the flip-style kind (you lift the loop up over the ridge, then press the tab down to lock it) and easy to use.  I appreciate that they are metal and not cheap plastic."
"Definitely a smart purchase if you travel with your sewing machine a lot, my girlfriend uses it all the time!"
"I own 3 large heavy sewing machines that I frequently take out and about to shows/classes.  This item is perfect even for my largest & heaviest kenmore full size embroidery machine.
The Pros:
This cover/carry case is very strong and dependable.
The snap closures are very well made.
It is not a cheap item and in my opinion is much better than a cloth roll along due to having better heavy duty plastic that repels water instead of absorbing it.
 It is easier to carry than a roll along fabric one when you are unable to roll the other one.
It is large enough to have added accessories inside with the machine.

The Cons:
There are no small compartments to organize small items

Overall I prefer this over any of the 3 cases I own (this one, a $89 Singer roll along & a $29 off brand roll along) I highly recommend this item"
"I purchased a Singer ONE sewing machine for my wife and this case was recommended by Amazon. I should have checked the specs on it but I got in a hurry. It does not fit! Not even close! It will probably cost more to return it than what I paid for it. Oh, it looks to be cheaply made also, probably made in China."
"Daughters 1st sewing machine, excellent buy with the ease of use. recommend to any wanting a simple machine. Will use for a long time."
Shipped very fast. It fit my machine just as it said it would. Would recommend for protecting your machine.  Well priced.
"This machine has already messed up now I have to take it for repair. Ugh... Remember its a small computer so to speak and leaving it plugged in all the time will cause it harm.  That's not what happened to mine, but I wanted to share that important tidbit."
it was an open box item and the description was very clear and honest. The case is in perfect working order and had a minor blemish on the top. No Biggie. I would order an open box item again.
this is a monster over sized case made to fit anything and takes up tons of room and reflects poor quality outsourced products from China in my opinion
did the job. fits my Pro sewing machine.  has extra room for pedal and other small things.  it doesn't hold the machine perfectly stable but does the job.
great case and once I purchased my wife was totally surprised because we could not find one in Korea to fit her swinger.. good choice
"The reason I don't like it is because it does not fit the machine that Amazon sells it with.  This is a great idea, but does not work for the Singer One Easy to Use Computerized Sewing Machine."
Would have rated 5 stars but quality could have been better.  Thin plastic and top doesn't fit into bottom without being lined up just perfect. You get what you pay for.
"I AM VERY HAPPY WITH THIS COVER MY SEWING MACHINE FIT, ALONG WITH THE BOX OF. ATTACHMENTS. EXACTLY WHAT I WAS HOPING FOR."
fits sewing machine nicely. Am tired of writing reviews where I'm required to write x many words that do not convey any more meaning than the first ones so it will post.
"I hadn't sewn in 35 years but had some clothes that I had bought on-line that although ""Small"" were too big and I wanted to alter them.  I was surprised at how inexpensive this machine was with all its technology.  It did take me several hours to learn about it, not because it was hard, but because there are so many things you can do with the different feet and stitches.  I've altered clothes - even knits -with ease.  One can do all kinds of stitches and the machine sets the tension automatically and you have the option of easily changing the width and length of the stitch.  Everything is made so easy and therefore, fun!  The only trouble I had was the blind hem stitch which is very difficult to figure out - maybe it just me - but that has been my only frustration.  Now I'm on to other projects and am so excited about sewing!  A quilt is on my table now!  I can't think of anything more I would want in a machine."
Product received undamaged in good condition.  It serves its purpose and protects my wife's Singer Sewing Machine nicely.  Nothing fancy about it.
perfect for keeping my toddlers away from my sewing machine while not in use. I have nowhere to store it except on the ground and now it is safe.
"THE SINGER 611 UNIVERSAL HARD CARRYING CASE FOR MOST FREE-ARM SEWING. THE UNIVERSAL SEWING CASE IS WIDE ENOUGHT TO INCLUDE THE SEWING MACHINE, FOOT PEDAL , CORDING TO CONNECT AND ANY ACCESSORIES THAT ARE NOT TO LARGE FOR THE REMAINING SPACE IN THE CASE. HANDLE FOR EASY CARRYING."
"bought for my daughter, haven't used it yet.  I'm hoping to show her how to sew very soon.  It only goes to show you that just because I used to sew, doesn't mean my daughters want to."
"Came in good condition and works well.  I've only put four stars because it is huge.  I've had to put part of the Styrofoam the sewing machine came packaged in, in the base of the case to stop my machine from moving around.  It works great for storing my machine and keeping my 3-yr-old away from it but it wouldn't work for carrying the machine around if I needed to."
"It is ok, but sometimes hard to cover the machine properly, I have to work at it most of the time."
"It has worked well for my daughter who is an occasional sewer. It keeps her machine free
of dust and little fingers. Make machine portable to be moved when needed."
"This case is ok.  I didn't take into consideration it won't carry the long arm.  I also wish it had a way to pack the bobbin case, sizzors and a couple other items without them bouncing around.  Then I wouldn't have to carry a sperate bag."
"First, lets take a look at why there seems to be such wide differences in review ratings on this product. Singer seems to make at least 4 of these Universal Cases that seem to look the same but are different sizes and prices. Brother also makes one that is yet another size. This probably confuses both buyers and sellers alike. This knowledge should help you in your decision process.  SO ... I am reviewing the SINGER 611. BR that is sold by AMAZON.

My next point is that it says (in one picture) the INTERIOR DIMENSIONS are 8.5"" x 17.0"" x 12.0"" which is almost true. Notice the rounded corners. If you have a machine, which is that EXACT size, then it will fit perfectly. Also note that if you have a narrower machine, then it could be a little longer because of the rounded corners. Or, if you have a shorter machine, then it could be a little wider. Furthermore, notice that the handle takes about a 1.5"" dip into the top of the case (for your hand) in the center of that top. If you have something (like a spool or bobbin holder) on your machine that protrudes a little above that 12"" Height, then you are probably OK as long as it isn't right where that handle takes the dip.

Now. Lets MAKE IT EVEN BETTER! Your machine will probably be somewhat smaller than the perfect size for whichever UNIVERSAL Case you chose. Let's fix that problem. Yes, you can stuff rags in there to fix the problem, however, lets be a little more professional than that. First, once you have established that the case will close with your machine in it, we can proceed. Set your machine in the center of the bottom of the case. Measure the height of the case bottom. I got 3."" Next measure the width of each of the empty spaces all around the machine. Now, along with the case bottom, find and go to a FOAM, FABRICK, & UPHOLSTERY SUPPLY COMPANY. They sell foam that you can cut (with a large sharp bread knife) into rectangular blocks that will fill those voids. They also sell a heavy-duty adhesive spray that will bond one piece of foam to another. You could even buy some material to cover the foam to finish off the project. You could even fashion some sort of pouch you could attach inside the lid to hold your user's manuel. All this should solve ""the machine is sliding all around inside the case"" problem. ENJOY!!!"
"Case is a little flimsy feeling and HUGE. I was expecting the case to be made of a harder, more durable plastic than it is. This is more of a dust shield than a protective carrying case."
I love the carry case and I feel it was worth the purchase it is very useful because it is a protective cover for the machine
Having a case is  great so that you can store it : Sturdy case -keeps the dust off and great for storing the machine.
"I have the most basic brother sewing machine (LS2125i) and it fits this perfectly with room all around it to put extra accessories, power cord, foot pedal, etc...

Note the extendable pin at the top for the thread spool can't be extended to close the case. similarly the spool has to be removed before you can store the sewing machine in it. kind of a downer as i would have liked it just a bit taller, but still I can work around it and it allows me to be very portable with my sewing machine.

overall solid. I would rate it even higher if it was taller so I can store the sewing machine ready to go."
"I purchased this to protect my Janome 8077 from dust and getting banged around in my small apartment. It's a bit large for my machine so I think it will probably fit most home machines. My only complaint is that the top seems a bit flimsy, but I think it will protect my machine sufficiently for my purposes. I don't think I would purchase it if I needed to transport a machine frequently."
"Great sewing machine case/cover that fits quite a few of brands. Needed it for a Singer brand that was older but nice for my daughter. Was hard to find one, but Amazon sold them. Thanks seller!"
"This case fits very nicely over my Singer sewing machine, it is lightweight, yet sturdy and not expensive. I am happy with my choice and it keeps my machine free of dust."
"I recently bought this case along with my new Singer Stylist 7258, and although very convenient to be able to carry my machine to classes, the case with machine in it is very heavy and the handle starts to hurt my hand...I need to sew a pad to wrap around the handle!  :)"
I bought my wife a Singer sewing machine for her birthday.  This hard case was a good addition to her collection.
"The case has nice clean lines with sturdy carrying handle. My Simple Singer Sewing machine fits with extra room for scissors and some other sewing items beside it, as well as the cords and foot pedal."
Good product as expected meets my expectation hard case nice looking  super white makes handling and traveling very easy to make
I have a brother machine and it fits just fine. I take it to class 2 times a week and put some suplies in with my machine. It's dirty and my machine isn't ;) My machine slides around a little so be careful of the weight shifting.
"This is a great case for your sewing machine if you have a machine that didn't come with one.  Naturally, to fit many machines, it may not fit your exactly, but is sturdy and my Singer fit in perfectly and keeps the dirt out and makes it nice to be able to put it away safely."
Although this machine seems lightweight and the body is made of plastic-I made my daughters cushion covers for her vintage camper on this machine with no problem all! I used regular heavy weight upholstery fabric and the machine worked like a dream. I am very pleased with this purchase.
"Nice quality, strudy case. Happy I bought it with my machine. It keeps my three year old out very effectively."
"This is a nice sturdy case. I believe it will fit most sewing machines. It is a little too big for mine, but big is a fit. The price is very good for this product."
case is okay..holds the machine.  i do wedge the base of my machine in with some Styrofoam pieces to keep it more stable.
nice to get it delivered to the house and at a good price so I got no complaints. good to store the sewing machine in.
"Keeps the dust off.  Does not hold the machine solid so do not consider this a ""shipping case"".  But very nice for around the house if you don't tip it."
Works great to protect my Singer Quilter Sewing Machine.  Strong enough to carry and protect the machine.  Very happy with this protective and carrying case.
"This is a great case which fits lots of Sewing Machines.

I was slightly disappointed with how it fits together, because sometimes the lip doesn't quite line up to slide over the bottom half, but once you pop it in place and latch it down, it doesn't budge."
I am so happy I finally got a sewing machine case for my old machine. It fits perfectly and makes transporting from one room to the next much easier
It is a bit large but not as bulky as the Brother 5300 universal case. My Brother case arrived broken and they had no more in stock so I read the reviews and went with the Singer.
"I love it, it also came together with my machine and that helps a lot with storage. Ordered on saturday and it was delivered on monday, good work"
The machine fits in this case perfectly and is great for carrying to sewing/crafting classes. I would recommend it for any machine.
"Its alright....just needed to get machine out of old fashion floor model, that was taking up too much space, and too heavy to move from place to place."
"Everything about the machine case is great, could be an inch shorter, other than that was better than I could have asked for. !!!  It was UPS, the delivery company that certainly did NOT meet up to their expectations !!  The driver kept complaining there was No Such Address (NSA)  UPS has delivered to my apartment at least on a monthly basis.  This driver was too busy on a warm day to get out of his truck and go to the other side of the building.  Ever since I've been around buildings have a front and back as well as 2 sides !!  His excuse was ""it's not my normal route"".  I hope his customers on his normal route appreciate him !!"
"My sewing machine fits in the case very well.  It does not make it unwieldy to move around the house when company arrives.  Personally, I decorated mine because it's a nice white but kind of plain."
"I have used this for over a year now, it is a good practical case that works well. The latches at each end work easily. There is a ridge where the bottom and the top meet that must be lined up for a good solid fit. I like this because then I know the top and bottom are aligned and will not come apart."
I needed a cover for my Viking Huskvarna sewing machine (Juliette model) and this one fits it beautifully! I love having a clean sewing machine when I go to use it!
"Very durable, sturdy and strong latches on both side and nice handle.  Machine (Singer Stylist 7258) fits fine with room to spare.  The power cord and the foot pedal and cord also fit inside. Recommend this product."
"My sewing machine fits perfectly.  There is not much else to say about a sewing machine cover, it either fits or doesn't fot"
"Bought 2 of these one for myself and one for a granddaughter, they work perfectly have enough room inside your foot pedal and cord fit inside and very easy to carry anywhere"
THIS CASE IS GREAT WHEN I'M NOT SEWING TO PACK EVERYTHING AWAY!  THE CASE LOOKS SLEEK AND IS NOT TO HEAVY.
Great quality and great price.  The case is a universal fit and fit our fairly new sewing machine nicely.  Worth the money
A great lightweight carrier for my portable. It keeps my machine dust free and allows for easy transport and storage.
Ordered this with our new Singer sewing machine and it worked perfect!  Great size and price! Very sturdy and fits well.
It works very well with the sewing machine which we purchased. It helps us stay organized and keeps the dust away from the machine when we do not use it.
"It worked fine and is lower profile than the original I have, but the sewing machine must be removed from the lower part of the case before using it."
I purchased this item to go with my portable Singer sewing machine.  My machine fit in it well.  It is made from durable plastic.  I just moved from California to Alaska and can gladly state that the case and machine arrived intact.  I did cushion the sewing machine inside the case with some batting I had to prevent the machine from any movement.
Glad to have it. Fits my sewing machine and makes it easy for travel! The price is the best around and get it with two free day shipping with prime
This Is My First Carry Case That I Have Owned. So Much Nicer Than Keeping It In The Box All The Time.
I feel good I purchased the Universal Hard Carrying Case.  It's protecting my new sewing machine.so I don't have to worry about broken parts.
"I just love it ! bought it a gift for my mother . First i had some issues with the way Singer does things with the bobbin and thread - but once itws done - Its a great machine to own .
it is more compact than the brothers and has a build in handle ."
My machine (Fashion Mate 7256) fits perfectly with room for the presser foot and other sewing odds and ends you may have.  This case is much sturdier than some of the others I've seen.
Fits my machine perfectly.  Enough room to put all the cords and foot pedal into the case easily also.  Makes mobility of my machine much easier and it is lightweight and easy to use.
I very much liked this purchase.  I with pleasure use and I recommend to each person to get this thing.
Perfect carrying case for my new Brother machine.  All my little  'extras' fit in it very well. Love this case.
A must have buy if you want to protect your machine.  My wife loves it and it makes moving the machine much easier.
"Just bought my Jenome machine.  This case fits perfectly and the cost, cannot beat it.  Great buy compared to local store prices"
light weight and perfect fit  keeps my machine safe and dust free while waiting for me to get back to my latest project
"does not fit the machine that your site recommended it for, very disappointing to have found this out to late to return it, ( it was a gift so my fault I guess and I should have opened it and checked before gifting it )"
"My new sewing machine fits in it wonderfully. I love the clasps, the old swivel holder could slip easily. perfect"
"Product is very bland looking. Hinges are sturdy and top/bottom fit together snugly and securely on mine at least. Weird access port under handle, maybe if you want to peek in and make sure your machine is still there?? But it closes just fine.. I wish there were spacers or something if you have a smaller machine so it doesn't seem so wobbly. Otherwise, works fine so far though..."
"The case has worked out well, enough room for machine and small plastic case with parts and thread, keeps machine nice and clean."
"I have a Shark sewing machine and was afraid that I wouldn't be able to find a case for it. Yes, it's a little big, but I can put all the accessories in with the machine and everything's fine. This case is everything that I wanted and expected."
"I would have thought there should be a ""Singer"" label on the case.  Somewhere.  On my last singer case it had one and I always used it as a guide to front or back in placing it up for use."
Very good storage case that has kept my machine in one piece through many trips. I was a little worried about the base falling off and dropping the machine but that has never happened. Also holds my foot peddle and other odds and ends as needed.
"This case is solid, and fits my Singer 2259 Tradition perfectly, giving just enough room to keep a few ziplock bags of parts and supplies stored in there, too.  This solid white case makes for nice looking storage and a possible canvas for stickers or decorating."
This is a nice sturdy case. It fit my Brother 2600i. The price was terrific too at about $25 from Amazon.
"The Singer 611. BR Universal Carrying Case is about as uncomplicated as it gets. Just lift the top, place your sewing machine inside, close the top, & off you go."
"This is easy to use, convenient, and fits many styles of sewing machines.  Hard plastic case, lightweight but strong! Very happy with product!"
Does the job to less money. Protects and it is light weight. unless you need to store more things you really don't need anymore.
"I bought this SINGER 611 BR model along with the SINGER Sewing Machine (model 7258). When the products arrived, I was surprised to see how big and bulky the case was! It does have plenty of space as some reviewer said to stuff rag around the machine but it does not serve the purpose of protecting the machine. Also, it's too big for storage and the sewing machine rattled inside when transporting. I regretted and returned immediately for another sewing tote instead for better protection and nicer appearance. Now am happier and can't wait to present it to my future daughter-in-law. Thank goodness, there is no hassle in returning this product through Amazon.com"
Like the covers better when the machine fastens into it. You have to completely remove the machine to work most effectively. It does do the job of keeping the machine clean.
"My husband treated me to a new sewing machine and decided to add this case to keep it safe. The size is a little big but I keep small projects, the instruction manual and a bag with my sewing machine accessories in it. Works great!"
"It's a universal carrying case....and fits my machine.  I wish I could get something more fitted, but this works for now."
"This worked fantastic for transporting the sewing machine to and from classes since it is light and the machine fits in well.  It works well for storing to keep the dust off of it, too.  This works better than the dust cover which usually comes with the machine and is more protective of accidental hits if in an area where something might happen.  When buying the machine, I purposely looked for a case to hold it as a form of protection and was satisfied with the price and the fact that the machine fit in so well."
"I read all the reviews on this carrier as well as the one by Brother.  The main thing I noticed were comments about the size of each of these.  I took the advice of those who recommended this Singer case.  It was good advice...this case is smaller than the Brother which is why I purchased it.  It is perfect for my Brother XL 2600I free arm sewing machine, plus a little room for extras such as the manual, pieces of material, bobbins, etc.  Be sure and check out your machine's measurements compared to this case's measurements.  I couldn't have done better.

Also, it is light weight, easy to carry, snaps shut easily.  There are groves on the inside bottom that helps to keep the machine from sliding around.  The sale price on Amazon was Amazing!  Hope this helps someone out there decide."
"Nothing inside to keep sewing machine from moving around.  Would not recommend this product.
Spend a little more and get something that will last."
"It's a carrying case for sewing machines. I bought it along with a sewing machine (reviewed elsewhere), and it fit perfectly. Not a whole lot else to say about it, although I think if I were to improve one thing about it, it would be to make the case a little taller and recess the handle into the case so it presents a flat level top... because if there's one thing I never have enough of, it's flat surfaces."
The case is good enough but the size left me extremely disappointed.  I guess I expected something that fit the machine better.
I bought this in a combo offer and it has its own case! Pretty annoying! I will try to return but they want half the cost to ship back!! Beware!
"This is a great and easy to use case for any standard sewing machine.  I have used this style case on both Singer machines and Brother brand machines with good success.  It protects your machine when you transport it, move it from place to place or just shields it from dust when not in use.  I cannot say enough good things about this case.  If you love your machine, get it a case.  =-)"
"I like the one that is built onto the bottom of my old machine better, but this one does just fine. It has a little extra room in it after I put the machine in it that I use for storage for things like like patterns or small project pieces."
"I love this carrying case because it is lightweight and a good buy. It is spacious enough to hold other sewing items along with my sewing machine.  Although I paid a higher price a month ago, I still think it was a good buy."
"I'm happy with this case because it will work for many different machines.  That being said, It is my opinion that the peg style feet on older/heavy machine may distort the material of this case unless something like a sheet of plywood were used to disperse the weight of the machine.  This is just my opinion and most of todays machines have a flat base on them so no worries there."
"Needed a case for newly purchased Singer machine.  Looked many places, and found this to be the best price for thsi case.  The case is a perfect fit, and of very good quality."
"I had a little trouble at first getting the stitching just right, but the Troubleshooting guide helped me through that! I am just a novice and had no one to help me, good thing there is really good information that comes with the machine! The DVD was great!"
The case is perfect for my portable sewing machine. It's made of good quality materials and is sturdy. It's lightweight too.
I was used to using one from the 1950s and this new one is just totally awesome! Only complaint is that its still a chore to thread the needle....just a whole lot easier then it used to be. Have to keep doing it to get the hang of it.
"I like this item, as my machine fits within it, with plenty of room for the foot pedel and cord. I feel better with the hard case, that it will protect my machine."
"It is bigger than it looks, and I know about the information measure, but it's big. However, this hard case is the best option for getting the sewing machine protected. The only bad thing, and really important, is that it ain't comfortable to carry, the maching is heavy, then the handle starts hurting after a while."
This is a good additon for anyone with a sewing machine that will fit this case.  The case offers good protection.
"STURDY AND VERY CONVENIENT CASE FOR THE HEAVY DUTY SEWING MACHINE WITH METAL INTERIOR FRAME.
I WOULD HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT !
ALL THE OTHER MINI/SMALL STUFFS  YOU USE FOR SEWING EG SCISSORS, THREADS ETC , CAN BE KEPT IN IT!"
"For the price, you can't beat it. It is not real strong, however. For my particular machine, there's lots of ""wiggle room""."
"I felt this cover was a little bulky. After seeing this cover in person, I wished I had gotten the soft cover."
"I ended up returning the sewing machine I purchased this case for and purchased a much smaller model from Amazon. There is quite a bit of room in the case but I do not plan to transport the machine anywhere so I think it is fine. I have plenty of room to store the instruction book, foot petal, and other accessories right in with the machine. I don't know whether or not this is a good carry case for a small machine as I have only moved it a few feet to slide it under a desk. It might need something to stabilize the machine before transporting if I were to take it anywhere. I am satisfied with my purchase the-the case seems sturdy and durable enough for its intended use."
was very nice light weight the sewing machine fits very nice in it the price was good and extra room inside for other stuff
"This is very sturdy and roomy - the material is flexible.  It's a little big for my sewing
machine, but otherwise is excellent."
"This item fits with my singer sewing machine at home. This is very handy. It is very safe for the machine. It is very compact.

Jagir"
"Convenient, good protection when moving the machine.
Good value, solid quality. Extra Velcro strap inside would
be great to minimize movement."
The product was in great condition the package was not damaged it was what I needed for my machine and I would recommend this to any body.
"This arrived with the Singer One, but you can't use it unless you remove the additional sewing area.  Otherwise I don't have any issues."
My daughter had a sewing maching in its original box which was cumbersome and a pain to unload.  I ordered this case and it is perfect.
"Fits the new machine I purchased perfectly, I have no bad things to say it is perfect.  Happy Happy Happy"
"Este estuche es muy bueno, es un excelente protector para guardar la mquina de coser, se deja recomendar, mi esposa est muy contenta con esta compra."
"It fits the machine perfectly.  Once the sewing area had been set up, we don't seem to use it as much as before."
I bought this for my singer sewing machine but have not been using it since I don't go anywhere else yet with my sewing machine.
"I have used this for 2 separate sewing machines now and it fit both of them no problem. It is a little large, but I'd rather it be a bit roomy than too tight. It locks well, and I feel secure carrying my machine around in this."
This case is sturdy.  It is big enough for our machine.  I may add some foam for support of the cords.
"But it's lightweight, and will fit OTHER things in the case, along with my machine.  I've not tried ""carrying"" it around, so I assume everything is OK in there."
"I needed a place to store my Singer Sewing Machine when it's not in use.  It's sturdy
structure is quite accessible."
"Very convenient to carry our machine and store it, too. The machine is not getting all dusty and there is no risk something can be incidentally broken..."
Does what is supposed to do but is to big by a couples inches but that's universal. Does a great job.
"its plastic, easy to use. light weight. stores singer stylist 7258 plus pedal and still room for other accessories. A+"
"No complaints with this product. When I'm not sewing I like to have my machine protected from dust and dirt. This does the trick,"
I like this carry case because it is of a size to fit both my Singer machines and is very easy to use and is secure to lift.  I can put the machines away and keep them dust free.
"I wish it had a flat top so I can stack stuff on top.  Then again, a recessed handle may make it cost too much.

I wish it were black or grey.

It is nonetheless an excellent quality for the price."
Great cover for a sewing machine. Go buy it. I would definitely recommend it for keeping your machine safe every day
"I had originally ordered the Brother cover for my Brother sewing machine - it was cheap and warped.  This Singer 611. BR is far more solid, great size, PERFECT!  Great price on top of it.  Definitely worth the money - buy it without worry."
"I bought this for my new Singer Stylist model 7258. It's way too big for this machine. I can fit the foot pedal and the power cord along with the machine and there's still a LOT of extra space on all 4 sides.

The Pros: it protects the machine when stored.
The Cons: just carrying it from my storage area to my sewing area I can hear the machine clunking around inside.

I opted for this case, rather than one with wheels, because I'm not planning to tote my machine beyond home. If you plan to travel with your machine this is probably not the case for you. If you're using the case just to store the machine between projects, it will work.

<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/SINGER-7258-Stylist-100-Stitch-Computerized-Free-Arm-Sewing-Machine-with-Instructional-DVD-and-More/dp/B003KK807M/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">SINGER 7258 Stylist 100-Stitch Computerized Free-Arm Sewing Machine with Instructional DVD and More</a>"
My wife seems to be happy with this machine so far. I read allot of reviews. they ran the gambit of good to bad. There is a learning curve to every thing. Good quality thread is suggested.
"I actually bought it for my elna 644 pro overlocker, but the overlocker did not fit in. My Janome machine does though so I am happy with the purchase and I will continue to find another for my overlocker"
I got this for my daughter along with a Singer sewing machine.  She loves it.  Her machine fits just perfectly in the case.
"for Most Free-Arm Sewing Machines has been a great success and has lived up to all expectations - there
is no way my Singer sewing machine can get damage now!"
I purchased this carrying case at the same time I also purchased the Singer Quantum sewing machine. I never would have ordered thus if I had known the the machine came with a hard cover. In addition I was disappointed with the item when it did arrive a few days after the sewing machine came. It is very flimsy and doesn't have any support inside the cover to protect the machine if you are taking it to classes or traveling somewhere.
"This works ok, but my previous Singer sewing machine that had a built on cover spoiled me.  My new sewing machine did not come with a cover and I ordered this for convenience.  It is not really sturdy and even though it will hold some other things with the machine, just does not truly fit even though it is universal.  I would not order it again unless I could not find something better."
It does the job for the cheapest price that I could find. I like it I would order it again.
"very sturdy.  my sewing  machine fits perfectly inside, and the handle makes it super easy to move around when needed."
"Well built and very protective. My girlfriend loves it and the sewing machine, too. Recommend it for anyone buying the sewing machine."
"Perfect size, the machine fits perfectly and there is extra room. Excellent product, just what my mom was looking for."
Good quality product that fits my machine well.  This case is strong and has a little extra space for accessories.
Lightweight but sturdy.  Really like this and will be using it to cover my old machine.  I am very happy with this portion of my Christmas gift this year.
This is slightly larger than my Singer 100 Stitch machine but I wanted a protective carrying case and this does the job great.  No problems with it so far.
"INDISPENSABLE PROTECTOR SINGER,LO RECOMIENDO.PROTEJE A LA MAQUINA DE LOS GOLPES,DE LIQUIDOS Y DE RAYONES Y ES FACIL DE LLEVAR Y COLOCAR EN CUALQUIER PARTE,POR LO TANTO LO RECOMIENDO."
This carry case is a good size! My Brother free arm machine fits in it with additional room for accessories! Good quality case.
"The side latches undo very, very easily.  If you're carrying the case and bump your leg, make sure and check the latch because it probably came undone."
Very happy with my sewing machine case.  I am glad I purchased it and recommend it to anyone buying a Singer.
I like the portability and dustfree storage this case provides for my sewing machine. It's large enough to hold a variaty of models and yet doesn't take up too much room.
My daughter really likes the case and her singer machine fits like a charm.  This product does what it says.
Luv it! I was so amazed @ how this arrived in like one-two days time. We got this product along with the sewing machine. It for for a gift for my motherinlaw.
"There is a saying going around recently. ""It is what it is"" This Singer carrying case comes under the purview of this saying. It is useful but not great. It is exactly what it says it is...""a carrying case"".  No more. No less. I is a hard plastic case that a sewing machine sets in. There is no padding on the inside. There is no configuration on the inside to lock the machine down. It's just a carrying case that a sewing machine sets in. It is what it is!"
Fits my brother sewing machine case just fine. It is big enough and not too heavy. Keeps my new machine dust free.
The case is hard to fit the sewing machine in. The engineer must have been on vacation. Needs some work.
"This was a present for our daughter for Christmas, so I wanted it to be sturdy and also to fit the sewing machine we got her. It was a perfect fit, light and portable -- exactly what she needed!"
"The ""Hard Carrying Case"" is ideal for protecting my new Singer Sewing & Quilting Machine and keeping it clean!  It was a good value at a good price!"
"I got this to hold my daughter's (age 7) new sewing machine so that it is safely stored away from her younger brother.  It is larger than we need, but it is sturdy.  I may take some of the styrofoam from the sewing machine packaging or foam and glue it in place so that the sewing machine doesn't clank around.  It is decent for the price and purpose of storing the machine."
fits perfectly for my free-arm singer #7467s confidence machine and there's room to spare. Arrived on time or ahead of schedule. Diane E So. CA
"I like the case, but it is rather large and I worry that the sewing machine will slide around inside. They should have some way to keep the machine from sliding around."
"Bought this as a gift for my mother. Wanted something simple that she has used before, and to my surprise she knew what she was doing with the machine."
This works fine for storage. As a carrying case it should have provisions for securing the contents in place so they don't get damaged if the case tips over.
I really like this case. It gets the job done and makes it a lot easier to store and transport my sewing machine. I would recommend getting one if you don't have it.
Quality was fine and it fit snugly on the sewing machine that I purchased in the same order.  Seems sturdy.
The item was exactly what I expected at a price I thought affordable. I had not need to interact with the vendor as the item was what I needed.
I love having this cover for the sewing machine.  I makes it alot easier to transport and keeps everything together. I recieved this product in a timely manner and would recommend this seller.
"This case fits my Janome sewing machine with room to spare around it for the foot pedal, cord and accessories. It is about the same size as my old Kenmore machine that had a built-in case. It is just molded hard plastic with two latches (bottom is reinforced to be sturdy), but it does the job. I gave it 4 stars and not 5, because as a product it could have a greater cool factor through color or handle choice (this one is plastic). But I far prefer it to the other options I considered."
"This product came on time and in good condition.  Everything was as described and all of my sewing machine parts, including the foot pedal fit."
"The stock photo product is what I wanted for Christmas, and what my mother ordered. What we received is LAUGHABLE. **See photos added to gallery**

-- The plastic was very flimsy, cheap, and had rough edges as if they unmolded it and didn't care about extra bits.
-- The product was bigger than advertised. The Singer stock photo shows dimensions alongside product. The product description has different dimensions.
-- The handle is different from Singer stock photo.
-- The panel underneath handle does not sit flush so dust would be able to enter depending on where case is kept. (i.e. on a table top vs. in a shelf cubby)

I would expect this from shady sellers, but my mother ordered it sold by Amazon directly. Clearly this is being returned. And after many years of being a customer I am disappointed."
"It does the job.  Gone are the days when you bought a sewing machine and a well constructed, appropriately sized machine cover came along with the purchase.  I just got the Singer 160 Limited Edition machine for Christmas and a matching case would have been beautiful but this all purpose case will do the job to keep dust off and keep my new machine out of site from unwanted fingers!"
"I actually own a Brother sewing machine, but could not find a case anywhere in the state! I went online and measured out my machine and this case is large enough with a little room around the edges for the foot pedal and the cord. It is hard/strong enough plastic with metal clasp that you feel like your machine is protected and you can carry it by the handle on top. You do have make sure to line it up properly so it latches correctly, but that is easy enough. Overall a great asset to protect my machine until I get a permanent home for it!!  I received it on time, in good condition, and as it was described."
The machine fit's perfectly.  Sturdy and well designed case / excellent value.  This is a must for a portable machine.
Excellent quality.  No need for a dust cover when you own one of these.  Child will store her first sewing machine in this.  Love it.
Was not sure how this carrying case would work out and I am happy to say it is perfect.  My machine fits in as well as extra pieces I have.  Well worth every penny!
My wife keeps her sewing machine in the case and she says it works great. I don't know what else to say about it.
Item was good quality and the machine fit nicely.  Purchased with the machine as a Christmas gift. Would recommend this.
"It works fairly well.  I would like the machine to fit in the case better and be secured in some manner insteaqd of sitting loose.  Anyone who does not have a case, it would be better than nothing for transporting, keeping clean, and secure."
Just the type of sewing machine I was looking for. Does a great job. The price was the best I found.
"This container was much larger than I expected, yet the weight of the plastic was thinner and not very sturdy.
If simply covering your sewing machine is what you want, I suppose this would work."
The case is made of plastic and fits like you would expect a plastic case to fit.  I did keep it since it is for my daughter and she will need to store her sewing machine rather than leave it set up.
I have a singer confort quilter sewing machine with the extended table. The case fit both objects. The locks on the side are a little on the cheap side. The plastic is a little cheap looking too. But if you are not planning on traveling with it not so bad.
"Great price, sturdy, and protects my machine. LOVE IT!! Would definitely recommend buying this Case if you are purchasing a sewing machine."
The Singer 611. BR Universal Hard Carrying Case works perfectly with my Singer free arm sewing machine. I am very happy with my purchase.
I lost my original one in the midst of a move and brought this to replace it. Fully satisfied .
"Great case-very sturdy.  My singer heavy duty sewing machine fits perfectly inside with spare room for my foot pedal, cords, surge protector and sewing foots.  Better than similar products seen in large retail stores.  :-)  I'd purchase it all over again!"
"I bought the carrying case for my daughter to keep her sewing machine in. It is just right for her machine,and is worth the money to help protect her sewing machine."
"I bought this case to put my new SINGER 9960 Quantum Stylist 600-Stitch Computerized Sewing Machine, it was a very tight fit in this case and I was not comfortable carrying it in the case with it being such a snug fit.  I am keeping the case because it is a good fit for my old machine that needed a carrying case too.  Overall I really do like it though."
"Love how the case protects my machine and makes it much more simple to transport. There is plenty of extra space around my machine, because of its universality, but I am quick to use it as a place to stash current projects and tools/ accessories."
"Bought this so I could keep my sewing machine and projects contained.

I have a small apartment and my desk is computer station, drawing board, and sewing table in one.  Each project I do needs to easily be put away for storage off of the table top.

Aside from easily being able to move my singer to and fro it keeps the cats, and their hair, at bay.

If you plan to ever move your machine I would buy it.

*If it helps I have the Singer 7256 Fashion Mat 70-stitch machine and it fits great with room for plug and peddle."
"I ordered this case to keep my sewing machine dust free. There is plenty of room for the machine as well as the attachments, scissors etc.  (However, if I was transporting the machine I would pack some fabric around it to keep it from moving around inside the case.)"
This case was purchased for my Singer 7258 sewing machine.  It is large enough to keep all the cords and accessories in it and provides sealed storage between projects.
works great to keep my machine clean.  It is VERY dusty where I live in North Kihei! I really love it! Hard plastic wipes down easily.
"This is an excellent universal sewing machine cover.  It's made with quality plastic that has a bit of flex, so it's very unlikely to crack, or break.  My Kenmore digital sewing machine fits inside of it perfectly, with a bit of room to spare for the foot pedal, power cord and sewing manual.  The two side latches secure easily and the handle is durable and comfortable. Great product! Glad I purchased. :)"
I have a Singer 7470 that fits perfectly into this case. There is just enough room for the cords and pedal so it keeps the machine in place. I'm a petite woman and was very glad that the case did not add significant weight which made it very easy to carry.
This item was a duplicate order after first one was not received and could not be located.  This one arrived quickly and in great shape.  Thanks to the employee that was finally able and willing to assist.
"We recently ordered a new Singer sewing machine and were on the fence on whether or not this would be a necessary item. I am very glad we decided to order the case. Unless you have a dedicated table or area for your machine, you will need a place to store it. It is oversized and allows room for the cord and some extras to be stored easily. The quality matches the price, sturdy enough and looks to last under normal use."
I was wondering if this case will fit my old sewing machine and it did! I like the carrying case for protection for my old sewing machine. That's all I care. For the price I paid I am satisfied!
"the case met the use for my needs (to keep my sewing machine free of dust), but I thought it was made cheaply - didn't even see ""Singer"" name written anywhere on case & wondered if it even was made by Singer/box it came in had ""Singer"" written on mailing package, though/ok, not great!"
"This case is too large for my new Singer machine; the machine can slide around in it while being carried.  Nothing ties the machine to the case.  It is a light-weight case, not adding much to the machine itself.  Seems sturdy enough to protect the machine."
"There is a lot of space for a machine. I have put a serger in it, and a regular singer sewing machine. They are heavy enough that the extra space doesn't create a problem in terms of shifting/sliding around. It was actually a nice place to put the cord and pedal. I do worry that perhaps some day the latches at the sides might give out and then my sewing machine would tumble to the floor- it just seems like a troublesome design- but that hasn't happened yet, and maybe never will."
I was a little nervous about buying this case due to some other reviews but it is NOT flimsy at all.  My sewing machine fits with room to spare for the pedal and cord and instruction books!!
"I bought two (2) for two (2) friends and both of them from the time I dropped them off have
placed their machines in them.  One told me she was very pleased with it and don't know why
she waited so long to purchase it.  The other friend is also pleased."
"This sewing machine does what I wanted, it sews denim and over bulky seams.  It is made with lots of plastic and seems to be a bit delicate so I handle it with care. However, it is inexpnsive so I got what I paid for. over all I am happy with as I don't sew a lot.  If I did lots of sewing I would want a more expensive and better machine.  But for what I do it is just fine."
"I recently bought my first sewing machine, to get it home and realize it didn't come with any sort of substantial covering!!! Since I have a almost two year old, and also keep other kids in my home on a regular basis; this was a major concern to me.  So I ordered this one. It is a little larger than the sewing machine I got (which is just a standard small $100 singer at walmart, the one with blue).  It is enough to make me feel comfortable if I have it in the kitchen (behind the locked gate lol) and need to walk away.  Plus it makes it easier putting it in the top of my closet for storage.

Worth the 20 bucks."
Purchased this case for my Newhome Sewing machine (30 years old!) as previous case had gone to the great Sewing Circle in the sky.  it fulfills all the needs of my machine and is a worthy successor to the old one
Excellent
"I bought this to house my Brother serger when I'm not using it. The fit is tight for the base of the serger, but there's plenty of room for the machine, height-wise. I'm not using this to tote my serger anywhere; I'm just storing it in the closet, so it works for me."
I purchased this to keep my sewing machine clean and to be able to transport it easily.  It fit my Brother perfectly and is secure enough that I do not feel like I am going to drop the machine while I am carrying the machine around in the case.
I read the reviews before I bought this product.  So I knew that there were no screw downs or ways to secure the machine inside the case.  It fit an old 1980 Montgomery Ward sewing machine I have just fine.  The original case for the machine broke when we moved and I need a replacement to store the machine in to keep the dust off and keep it clean. If you needed to transport a machine distances you would need to make some padding to fill in the space between the machine and case. But it works fine at a reasonable price for the purpose I bought it for.
"Ordered this machine for an elderly lady whose home burned and she lost hers in the fire.
It is a great little machine, well made and user-friendly! Would highly recommend it to other!"
I to had the silly plastic cover that came with my singer machine. I sadly have had it for years! The machine collected dust with the cover on. Now I can store and go with this nice sturdy case. It has more room then my machine requires. I look at that as a plus as I can store material for a project I am working on as well as the machine and the foot pedal.
nice. lite weight. universal fit for most machines.. lots of room for misc things to go in case also. carry case so take sewing machine out when you use machine.
"This case looks great and fits my Singer Talent 3321 with room to spare so all your cords and whatnots fit as well. The bottom feels a little weak at times with my machine in it but I'm reassured by the sure-lock latches. Overall, I'm very satisfied with such a cute case :-)"
"Reading the reviews, I was torn as to whether to purchase this case for my Singer Stylist 500 series machine.  I had been unable to find any other alternatives for a Stylist and my original case fit perfectly but had been tossed years ago as we were using a cabinet, that recently fell apart after 30 years, so...I got this one, crossed my fingers and it was delivered today and fit my machine perfectly!!  There is room for the foot pedal/cord and my sleeve arm. So very pleased with this purchase. If you have a stylist this will work.  It may be a little wobbly but I am covering it with an old bath towel for extra padding.  Much more inexpensive than trying to find a cabinet that will work and it will protect the machine for many more years to come."
"Hello, I just receive my carrying case and it is great, very light, nice size. I love it!!! Highly  recommended"
"We needed a replacement case for one of our old sewing machine, since the original split. This generic case by Singer works beautifully and appears to be well built."
"Fits my machine perfectly!!  It isn't too bulky and is easy to lock and carry!! Great value for the price!!
I would recommend this to anyone looking for a sewing machine cover!!!"
"It really helps to organized the singer machine accessories together, helps to carry the sawing machine if you don't have a stand.

It is the money you should not save."
"Sewing machine was gift for skilled daughter, she loves it,  does everything she asks, and does NOT use cheap thread,  feel confident buying this machine"
"A pesar de tener suficiente resistencia, un asa confortable, ergon&oacute;mica, bonita y de aspecto elegante tiene el problema de que la m&aacute;quina de coser no encaja adentro de la caja y queda  bailando hacia todos lados. Al ser promocionada en combo con la maquina de coser uno presume que es especialmente hecha para transportar la m&aacute;quina de coser que acompa&ntilde;a,  una  SINGER 4423 Modelo Heavy Duty mas sin embargo no es as&iacute;. Mi recomendaci&oacute;n es que hagan la observaci&oacute;n que a pesar de venderse en combo con la m&aacute;quina de coser es una caja transportadora para cualquier modelo Singer y puede quedar grande con respecto a la m&aacute;quina de coser. El sistema de cierre laterales no parece ser muy confiable para aguantar todo el peso de la m&aacute;quina por largos per&iacute;odos de tiempo."
Case is perfect for my kenmore sewing machine.  there's a little extra room so electrical cord & some attachments fit well.  It's lightweight plastic but is good enough for keeping machine dust free & protected.
"Excellent price.
Very handy!
So far so good, although I haven't traveled but from room to room.
Stays locked.
Roomy!  I put stuff in there to keep the sewing machine from roaming about on its own in there.
Thrilling purchase."
I purchased this case just a few months ago and have enjoyed having it for my Brother machine. It has not disappointed. It fits my machine with no problem.
I ordered this case after reading all the reviews on the others and I'm so happy I went with this one. It is lightweight but made well. The perfect size for my sewing machine.
"This case works great for my old (from the 1970s) Singer machine.  I am able to fit both the machine and the pedal into the case.  It is just what I needed to carry my machine.  There is room in the case for the machine to rock front to back, so you don't want to be too rough with it while you are carrying it."
"This universal carrying case and protector for my machine when I'm not using it is a boon. It fits my machine well and is light-weight so it adds little weight to the total load. Construction and ruggedness are questionable, as the clamps that hold top to bottom on each end appear not to be terribly strong where they insert into the plastic case."
This hard case fits my Singer (Curvy) with room to spare. It's very light and solid. The only thing I have noticed is that you have to line up the ends just right or they won't latch shut correctly. Very happy with the case. Would recommend it to anyone who needs a place to store/protect their sewing machine.
"The box came fast and it is handy when I take my sewing machine to sewing classes and back. The entire machine and cables fit inside. The only thing I find a bit irritating is the main handle which is not completely round and the underside of the handle can be a bit awkward on your hand. It might be flaw in design itself. I would also suggest company to introduce some other colors because this plain white is so dull. I wish I had choice in color, etc. I wonder why they never considered this option because women like colors."
"Had been hunting for a HARD cover for my sewing machine like I had for my 33 year old Kenmore in the old days.  Kept finding soft cover ones-completely useless.  THIS one, however, is perfect and just what I needed.  It also fits the instruction manual and the attachments! :-)"
"My sewing machine is 14"" high ( which includes a little leeway since I didn't want the case to fit too tight). This case is advertised as 15"" tall.  Great!  I thought, but 15"" is the EXTERIOR measurement which includes the handle.  The interior is about 3/8"" too short!  I'm sending it back ASAP!  What is less than 1 star?  This deserves negative stars.  PLUS the metal fasteners inside were not secure, as mentioned by other reviewers.  Buyer Beware!!!"
"I bought a Brother CP-7500 Computerized Sewing Machine which comes with a hard plastic cover protecting the machine quite well. I bought this case so that I can carry the mechine around. The quality of the case is fine. However, it's a little bit too small for the machine with the cover, and a little bit too big for the machine. I finally give this case up."
"This universal case fits my Babylock machine. It works great and very light. There is a gap at where the cover and base meet when the metal is snapped when you are holding it by the handle. The machine can move around within the case if you really shake it. But like someone else said previously, you can glue some padding or foam inside if you are concerned. I also saw a similar universal case at Wal-Mart's sewing department for $22. So if you don't want to wait for shipping, just go to Wal-Mart."
The case came very quickly.  I am very happy with it.  It gives me space to keep my manuel for the sewing machine and the sewing machine.
"Works well for my Brother ES-2000 machine.  There's room for the cord & foot pedal.  It's basically more for storage as the original box was getting destroyed so I'm not actually *carrying* it around in this case much.  As it's universal it isn't an exact, snug fit so it does wobble around in the case a bit but I'm not worried about it as I just try to carry it level.  It's listed even cheaper now than the $18 I paid for it - which was still way cheaper than anything I could find in a local store.  Well worth the money so far."
"product arrived quickly, but the metal clasp hinges were poorly attached. on one side only 2 of the 4 prongs that attach it to the case are bent in. this renders this case useable ONLY for storage (to keep dust off my machine) and not for carrying. VERY disappointed."
"I just started a sewing class and I needed a carrying case for my Singer 7470. I researched quite a lot of reviews on this product, to get an idea about what people were saying about this Singer Carrying Case. After reading the reviews I felt confident that I was making the right decision. It took about a week to get here, and when it did I loaded my machine in it, and went off to my class. It was the perfect size for my machine, there was no bouncing around and my machine was in the same condition, that I placed it in. I have used it several times, with no problems. I rated this carrying case a five since it was strong and study, and it protected my machine."
"This case is wobbly when empty. It doesn't stand still. I'm not sure if it comes like this or if it's just mine because I also found a small  dent on the side. But when I put my brother sewing machine inside, it didn't move anymore. It's pretty sturdy and it serves it's purpose."
"The carrying case arrived promptly. It's lightweight (the sewing machine is heavy enough all by itself!) and has a comfortable carrying handle.  I take a sewing class and carrying my machine to class was a breeze.  The only negative is that the machine moves around a lot because the case is much bigger than my machine.  I guess it's made ""one size fits all"" to accomodate many different types of machines.  I've been putting some ""boltering"" around it, like extra fabric, just to keep it from sliding around.  The price was right and I'm satisfied with it, even though it's larger than my machine."
Purchased a Brother sewing machine that did not come with its own storage case (normal these days). I wanted a case but did not want to pay the 30 that the craft/sewing store wanted or the 21 that walmart wanted. I found this here. It works great. My machine fit with a lot of room left for the peddle and any accessories along with the thread spools that I had.
"I bought a sewing machine through Amazon.com and this carrying case was recommended as ""purchased by other people who bought the same sewing machine"".  Well, this case is retarded. First, it is basically a cat-box with a tall lid. Ugliest, cheap-o thing you ever saw.  Also, it is not made for a specific machine, it's made to fit several, so basically my machine has no stabilty in this carrying case. My machine is small and just rocks back and forth in the case.  It was a waste of $20 and I urge you to not buy it!"
Standard sewing machine case with the flip locks.  The Singer commercial grade machine fits in nicely with all accessories for safe storage.
"My Brother machine fits okay into this.  I have packed the excess space on the sides with bubble wrap for extra protection against sliding, but I think with the raised grid pattern it doesn't need anything for normal handling to keep it from sliding around.  I had plenty of room for the pedal and the instruction manual."
"This case was purchased to keep dust and dirt off of my machine.  I rarely use my sewing machine and don't want it to be covered in dust when I do need it.  It seems sturdy enough and was very inexpensive compared to the cases at the local fabric store.  As to the quality of the buckles (pointed out by another reviewer) they seem fine but I would probably just open the case and use the handle on the machine to transport.  I don't want to depend on an $18 item to transport a $300 machine.  As with everything, you get what you pay for and it's a great 'dust cover' for me."
"This case is nice enough for what is being produced these days, but a far cry from what sewing cases used to be.  There is no stability for the machine so I have to use foam packing material around the machine.  The side clips were not pushed down all the way on the inside and I had to use a hammer to push them down so they wouldn't scratch the machine.  It's better than nothing."
"I am updating my review, as I bought a new case recently for my Janome Sewist 500.  They have smoothed the handles and now they are comfortable to carry.  Even though my Sewist 500 came with a cover, it's not really a case that keeps dust (and fur) away so I purchased this for additional protection.  Love this product!"
"I was very pleased when this case arrived. I decided to purchase it to keep my sewing machine protected from dust and debrie. It is sturdy and durable, and provides enough room for my machine, at a very affordable price."
Absolutely necessary to keep your new Singer clean and safely stored.  Fits the machine perfectly.  Good buy.
"This carry case does what you want: it keeps your machine dust free, and the cords and peddle tuck in no problem. It makes it easy to store your machine in a closet when its not in use.  It's light weight and easy to carry to sewing classes/groups."
THIS CASE WAS PERFECT FOR MY SEWING MACHINE .KEEPS IT CLEAN AND OUT OF THE WAY WHEN STORED .THANKS . KAY
"I bought this for my Singer 7470 sewing machine.  It fits, with room to spare.  This particular model of sewing machine has a heavy base, so normally, the machine wouldn't move around inside the case.  I use mine as a storage case, rather than a transport case.  So, I don't travel with it that much.  For me, this case is good.

Unfortunately, I didn't realize that the seller was Target, which charged for tax and shipping.  I could have picked this up from my local Target, and saved on shipping.  Oh well.  Live and learn."
"Very cheap looking.  The sewing machine fits inside but the case is too big so must stuff rags to keep machine from moving around.  I liked the ""old fashioned"" case that fit the sewing machine perfectly.  Could not return the case since shipping was too expensive.  Had I purchased @ Target (rather than thru Amazon), I could have returned it."
"You get what you pay for... Other reviews seemed so positive I thought I couldn't lose. Unfortunately, this case is a soft plastic box with two cheap metal buckles to close it. My grandmother had a case for her sewing machine, and I guess I was expecting something more along those lines. Still, I suppose it does exactly what it says. It will cover the machine, and there is room for extras. But I'm sending it back and hoping to find something a bit sturdier."
"This case fit my wife's Brothers sewing machine perfectly just as the other reviewers said it would. My wife is thrilled that I bought it for her, she said not only does
her sewing machine fit in perfect but also has some room
for the electric cords,ect."
"Got this for our Singer.  (Yes, I can sew well enough to avoid drawing blood.)

The case is much larger...understandable, since its ""universal"" size will fit many small machines.

It clunks around if you swing or tip the case.  We expected that.  Not like the old cases that were custom fit to the machine.  It's WAY better than the old cardboard box shedding styrofoam everywhere.

There is no separate compartment for the pedal and cords.  They get stuffed in the empty space, then close the latches.

I've got a glue gun and some leftover foam padding from some electronic equipment.  I think I'll cut out bumpers/spacers to keep the machine in place.  Maybe some flames on the side."
"I bought this for my Singer 7470 Confidence Sewing Machine.  It's sturdy and everything fits with plenty of room to spare.  The side metal clasps seem to be well made.  Now, I can carry my sewing machine where ever I need it.  I liked it so much I even bought one for my sister, and she was thrilled to receive one."
"This case was really big.  It was twice as large as my machine, and I have a normal Kenmore.  I wouldn't recommend this case if you travel with your machine.  It clunks around inside and the case takes up a lot of room.

Also, because there is a bottom part too, you can't just ""set"" the top on top of the machine as a dust cover - it is too short."
I just received my Singer 611 universal case.  I purchased it to use with my new Kenmore sewing machine - it fits perfect.  It is very heavy duty compared to the look of the Kenmore universal case.  The bottom of the sewing machine sits inside of the case which I liked and seems to be a safer way to carry the machine.  The latches seem very strong.  I am really happy with the case.
"This case is a extremely sturdy case and an excellent buy for the money.  It is very similar to the case I had for my other machine and I had that for 30 years.  I like the deeper tray on the bottom and the metal, yes I said metal latches that securely anchor the bottom to the top.  You can't go wrong on this case.  I purchased another case before I bought this one from Sears a Kenmore case, and the first time I picked up the machine the bottom fell out.  Fortunately I was very close to the floor and the machine was not damaged.  This case does not have that problem.  I also like the nice integrated handle, it is sturdy and comfortable.  A great buy."
"Purchased for new machine to allow for storage in residence. Unlike older cases it doesn't secure machine as much as I would like; however, better than the lightweight plastic dust cover that came with machine. I went with this slightly higher-priced case since cheaper case wasn't well-rated by other reviewers."
"I got this case for my Singer 7442 sewing machine that I bought from amazon a couple years ago.  It fits perfectly and has room for the foot pedal, cords and all.  It's a good way to keep the dust off of the machine and it looks a lot nicer when left out on the table.

I also like that it's not too heavy so it doesn't increase the weight of the machine by much and is easy to carry around.  I'd recommend it for anyone that has a machine without a case."
"I purchased this to use with a low-end machine I bought for our winter place in Texas.  The machine didn't come with a case and this one fits the bill.  It's large enough for the machine, foot pedal and cords.  The locks and handle appear fairly sturdy.  It wouldn't take a lot of bumping around on a plane or similar but for me to store a machine in to keep it clean and out of the way, it's perfect.  The price was sure right too!"
"<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Singer-611-BR-Universal-Hard-Carrying-Case-for-Most-Free-Arm-Sewing-Machines/dp/B000WOM50W/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Singer 611. BR Universal Hard Carrying Case for Most Free-Arm Sewing Machines</a>
I recently purchased a Brother sewing machine, which did not come with a carrying case. We have various sewing projects to support some church mission outreach programs, that I would like to help with. I bought this carrying case in order to safely transport my sewing machine from one location to another.  It holds it nicely and is sturdy, offering good protection and ease of carrying.  When not in use, it keeps dust off as well.  I'm very happy with this purchase."
"Fits my singer ok.  Just wish machine companies didn't think all of us can afford big expensive lift cabinets, thats why they don't offer cases anymore with your machine when you buy it. But this is a good buy, for a protective case when your not using your sewing machine."
"After reading reviews for other cases, referencing issues with flimsiness or such a big size the machine would bang around, I went with this case.  And I'm very happy I did.

My new Brother CS6000, with the attachments, fits nicely into the case:  set the machine in, poke the foot pedal and cords in, put the top on, snap it into place.  The plastic and latches seem sturdy, and the whole package is not too heavy to carry around."
I found the carrying case is made of excellent quality and the case is universal for also brother sewing machine.  I would highly recommend this product if you need a new case for your sewing machine.
No problems just as advertised.
I love this hard case it is a must a sewing machine it makes it so easy to transport. It keeps it safe keeps it clean.
"Covers my Brother CS6000i perfectly. Made of solid material,Im 250lbs. and wouldnt be afraid to stand on it. I also have room for some sewing stuff. Pics"
Perfect hard case for my sewing machine.  Universal size and will fit many models.  Provides stability and protection and is not too heavy.
Good case. There's room to fit the foot peddles and manuals along with the sewing machine.
Great sewing machine for the price
good product
it keep the machine in good condition
EXCELLENT
Fit my new machine perfectly and makes it easier to carry and store.
PROTECTS MY SEWING MACHINE JUST FINE AND SCURELY.
Works great
Just what i needed - fits my SINGER | Heavy Duty 4423 Sewing Machine perfectly
"I'm very pleased with this purchase, and have ordered an additional one for my spare machine. Highly recommend!"
Works well for my daughter-in-law.
"This is a must have to keep your sewing machine protected, dust free, and makes it child proof. I have a toddler and having this has been a life saver."
Lightweight but strong and durable
This carrier is great for taking my sewing machine anywhere. It is also a great cover for my machin
Light weight and perfect for my new machine.
The 4411 Singer machine fits perfectly in it.
I love this storage idea. Keep my toddler away for my sewing machine. Just lock it leave it on the table.
great sewing machine.
Holds my granddaughter's Singer sewing machine very well.
Fit perfectly with my daughter's machine.
just what I wanted
Yep - fits my singer like a glove.  Easy to carry and protects from dust.
This is so perfect for my Singer 5400 sewing machine. Thank for selling this amazing item!
Thank you all great product.
didn't keep sewing machine so case was returned
I love it! My sewing machine fits perfectly!
This carrying case is more sturdy than I taught it was.  I am very happy with this and would recommend to anyone who is thinking about purchasing one.
Love it.  works perfectly with my new singer.
perfect
Love this case!!! My singer fits perfectly!!
"Sturdy, the clasps are strong and everything is well made.
That said it is way too big for the machine. I understand that this is more of a universal case but it is huge compared to my machine which is not small but an average size. I wish a small case had been offered."
perfect fit
Carries my singer sewing machine everywhere
"Size does not fit the sewing machine at all, it's way too big. Maybe better for other (bigger) sewing machines, but shoukd not be advertised as if it matches the Singer 1234. Cause it absolutely does not."
Good
"Just as described but sorry to say Walmart was cheaper, but that's ok."
"Protect your investment, keep the dust / dirty collecting oily moving parts. Durable."
"Would not recommend. The one we received appeared to be used. Was literally filthy dirty. Black smudges and hand prints all over it. Was scratched, scraped and marked. On top of that, plastic sides were so warped that case would not close. Sold as a companion to a rather heavy sewing machine, I have my doubts that the case would remain intact if picked up by the handle.  If there was a zero star rating, this would deserve it. Look elsewhere for a generic case."
Good quality
Very nice fits my machine great
excellent machine.
"I really like that its super plain and it doesnt have any weird shapes like the brother sewing case. I actually bought this for my Brother innovis 40 and it fits fine.

The reason I gave 4 stars was because mine arrived a little dirty."
I like this item very much.
"This case can hold the singer sewing machine I purchased for my daughter a couple months ago. It's a great case, hard shell, her heavy duty singer sewing machine fits perfectly."
Great product.
I like that its lightweight and it will protect our new singer sewing machine. I expected a harder plastic but this will do. The plastic is similar to Rubbermaid plastic totes.
Very sturdy. Fist most sewing machine.
Fit moms machine fine she uses it all the time.
"holds my brother machine nicely, has some extra space where I store a small pack of extra bobbins some threads and accessories."
"This is a nice, affordable case and prevents the machine from getting dusty and allows me to take it places. I wish it had a hole for the cords to fit through so I could keep it plugged in while on my seweing table with the cover on."
This case is sturdy and light weight.  Very pleased with it.
"this is awesome, I expected a so so product for the money I spent , but this is a sturdy high quality item. fits my machine niceley and protects from dust, bans and bruises."
Good
I love it and so glad I got it in such great shape and so fast
Good
Perfect for a sewing machine my best girlfriend gave me!
As described! Fast shipping!!
good
Covers my sewing machine and keeps dusts out
aa
"I bought a vintage Singer 301 sewing machine on eBay that was supposed to come with its original case. But it didn't (which is a whole other story). So after a year and hauling my machine around without a case, I purchased this one. I looked at a couple others, but the details on this listing include the best measurements of the ones I looked at. It it absolutely perfect for my sewing machine and the accessories I need to take along. Its nice to have it to store my machine when its not in use so it doesnt get dusty. Plus, it now makes taking my sewing machine along when I need to much easier. Great value!"
works as expected
I am so pleased with my sewing machine cover.
"sturdy cover, will do the job well."
Fit my wife's machine perfectly.
"Very nice, hard case for storing/transporting my Singer sewing machine."
"Thank you, I received a very quickly and very happy on this product"
My machine fits perfectly.
"This is ok. Doesn't really hold the sewing machine as tight as I would like. If I took it on a road trip, I'm sure my machine would get knocked around quite a bit. I kept it, but don't love it."
The cover is fantastic...keeps my machine free of dust and makes it easy to carry and store!!!
Nice robust case room for a few accessories as well
Goood!!
"So far its sewing well, the tension is good. I did not give it 5 stars because it does not handle thick seams ( eg jean hems) as well as was described & the base of the machine is metal but the rest is plastic."
Nice carrying case.
"We got this for our daughter for Christmas.  To be honest, I was a bit hesitant because it seemed so inexpensive for a Singer.  I thought there has to be a catch.  Nope!!  She absolutely LOVES it and said we have never gotten her a more perfect gift!  Although she knits and needlepoints, she had not really gotten into ""sewing"".  But since Christmas she has made a Quilt AND 7 ""Cosmetic-size"" Bags for her Bridesmaids, each Bag having a zipper even!  Excellent Sewing machine without going over the top and spending 100's of dollars."
"It's perfect, for my machine. Keeps it protected and clean when not being used. Sturdy. I wouldn't suggest lifting it to carry by the handle; as the side clips do not hold securely for more than a few moments with a heavy sewing machine inside it. They tend to pop open, which can drop the bottom of the case and your machine... But it is easy enough to lift it and carry it with two hands underneath the bottom. The plastic has some give to it - some flex, so it isn't hard and brittle."
Very good.
heavy duty
Necessary item to protect newly purchased sewing machine.
"Solid case, but being a ""universal"" case, it doesn't fit overly well. But it protects the sewing machine and keeps little fingers out of it."
a safe plsce for the machine.
roomy enough for my portable Kenmore and easy to carry.
"dimensions are not what they say too big and bulky for my machine, but you get what you pay for."
I like this case it does whats its made for but being universal it's WAY to big for my machine.
Protect my sewing machine
Love how my machine and pedal fit inside. Durable and easy to clean.
All in all this case is a good case
good product
works great
This hard cover case is perfect for my Kenmore Sewing Machine!
Great machine for sewing basic clothing such as dresses and other outfits. Not for quilting or thick suit materials. Very pleased.
Came in great shape and hold machine well.
"Sturdy, well built - exactly what I was looking for to store my Singer Heavy Duty sewing machine."
"Good quality, light, and durable! Fits my singer sewing machine great."
I did not like this at all.  The machine sits down in a bucket and then the lid latches on.  Probably good if you are going to store your machine away for quite some time but not good for daily use.
"Still trying to get the needle threader working. Called Singer but they couldn't help much. Hopefully, I will get it started in the next couple of days."
Wife loves the ease of use for storing her sewing machine.
organizes the storages of my machine . I ma happy
Nice.
"Box was pretty much destroyed upon receipt, but item was okay. Thank you."
Every tough and does a great job at keeping your sewing machine safe
Fits Sears machine perfectly and looks very nice.
"Seems to be a good case, I wish I didn't have to purchase it separately from the sewing machine. Opens on both ends for easy access."
Protects my sewing machine from dust and dirt. It is comfortable to transport anywhere without being hit.
"I did not like anything about the carrying case. It is so big it's  hard to  carry my singer. I would have sent it back, but did not feel it was worth the hassle.
I would not recommend this case to anyone only as a last resort."
Great product and fast shipment.
Fit my Singer really well. Good price. Sturdy.
I had a sewing machine of my Mom's that didn't have a case. I didn't want it collecting dust when not in use. This case fit perfectly and is durable. The latches secure nicely so I don't have to worry about it falling out when carrying it. I even have a little extra room for anything else I might want to store with the sewing machine. Excellent price for a very sturdy case.
Perfect case.
Great case
Purchased for adult daughters along with Singer sewing machines. They were sturdy and seemed to fit the size of the machines. Daughters noted that they were enough larger than the machines to make it possible to store small items with the machines. We were very pleased to find these readily available on Amazon along with sewing machines.
"Case fits my sewing machine perfectly. Came securely packaged. Good quality material. Shipped and received quickly.
Was bought as a Xmas gift and the recipient was very, very happy with it.  I have the same machine as she does, so
I will be ordering one for myself in the near future. The price was very reasonable as well."
"While a bit large for the Singer 4423 I own, it does the job.  The extra space actually comes in handy for storing misc items like an extension cord, scissors, etc.  I am a little worried that there is nothing securing the sewing machine, so if the case is tilted or otherwise jostled the machine will bounce around inside."
great case for my sewing machine
Super Quick Delivery. Perfect.
"Fits my Brother CS6000i, the foot pedal, and power cord."
"Come on fool, you need a case for it, unless you are sewing 24/7"
perfect fit and truly strong
Durable.  As described
Arrived as expected. Tape on box was opened.  Gift bag too small for sewing machine.  Not happy.
So useful. You can pick up the whole thing from the handle and it keeps your whole machine safe and clean.
"Universal? I suppose so, it is way big on my Singer 4423. It will work and on a positive note, I can put alot of sewing necessities in the case with the machine so when I am ready to sew, everything is on hand."
"I just got mine. The cardboard box it comes in shows the Singer logo, which doesnt happen on the case itself. The white hard-plastic box was clean and unused. It looks cheap, badly finished though, and is universal to the sense that almost any machine will losely fit in it. Mine, with loads of extra space. Ill use some foam to design a slot to prevent the machine from wobbling inside it. I intend to use the case exclusively for protection from dust."
Just OK
Stores the sewing machine.
Perfect. Works like a charm.
Work a well
"It's well worth the price for this very good sturdy case for a sewing machine. It's to bad the machine didn't work, had to send it back. I'm keeping the case for another machine."
works great with my sewing machine
Delivery was prompt. This was part of a gift and I was pleased to see it was as expected from the description
Perfect universal singer sewing machine travel case.
"My wife absolutely loves this machine, and has been selling for 50 years. I upgraded her old singer which finally wore out after decades of continuous use, and she is more than thrilled with this machine. It is easy to use, self threading, has a nice bright LED light, and does a fantastic job. In addition to all that, it is absolutely the best price I could find for this machine. I went to Sears to look at this machine, which cells there for $200 the day I purchased this, and they will not match prices for Internet sales. Left the store and order this immediately"
Fits my sewing machine well and has enough room for extra fabric and supplies.
Fits my Heavy Duty Singer machine perfectly.
works fine
Fits my sewing machine and has room to upgrade to a bigger model one in the future. Great thick plastic hard case.
"It's a sewing machine case, and it does its job without being too heavy. I bought it to protect/store my Singer 4423 Heavy Duty Model. For now, the plastic is bright white and the clasps function perfectly. Time will tell how well this case holds up."
Case was perfect for my machine
"Fits my Singer Heavy Duty 4423 quite well. Just enough room in the case for me to slide the Manual and dust cover in there as well. Made from heavy plastic, with a sturdy handle and thick metal latches to hold your machine secure."
"Good fit, with some room to spare. I stored the sewing machine along with the styrofoam that came with the original sewing matching box. This makes a much better snuff fit and can remove syrofoam as space is needed."
Exactly what I wanted.
Came in a brown box with the word gift written in pen but SINGER was on the outside of box.  Giving away what the gift was :(
I would have liked to have a case that fit semi tightly around the machine to protect the machine during transport but This case does what it is designed to do. I just have to make sure I keep the styrofoam padding the machine came in while pact in the original box and use that to protect it during transport. It turns out that the the machine pact in the styrofoam actually fits perfectly in this case so I am happy.
"Just what I expected (and that's a good thing).  Well, there is a little more room than I expected, which I am very happy about.  I was hoping to be able to cram some sewing notions in the case along with my sewing machine.  It's slightly bigger than the box the Singer Classic 44S came in, making it a perfect fit."
"It is big for my machine, but seems to hold well and it doesn't move around. Send strong and durable."
My Bother serger fits perfectly!
Outstanding quality. Feels well made and solid.
Love
"Arrived quickly, exactly as described"
Fits my sewing machine perfectly and it is sturdy but light weight !
Great cover for my Singer sewing machine.
"Thank you for the prompt delivery of the Sewing Machine 611. BR Universal Hardcover. I fit my Singer perfectly, but is not too heavy or awkward for me to carry."
"Fits perfectly. A good choice for the Singer 4423 Heavy Duty I purchased. Keeps it safe from cats, dust, and liquids and I can stack light things on it in the closet."
I purchased this with the Singer 4411 Heavy Duty Sewing Machine and it is perfect when you need to put the sewing machine away.
"I bought this for an old Montgomery Ward Model 1954 sewing machine.  With the spool of thread on the top it measures 14""H, 15""L and 7""W.  It fit great inside this case in that configuration with room to spare for the foot pedal and some other stuff.  I measured inside dimensions of 13""H where the handle is, 14.5""H to the sides of the handle, 18.5""L and 9.5""W.  Seems like a well made case, doesn't feel cheap.  Used some small carabiners purchased at 99c store to secure the latches on the side as well so it doesn't inadvertently open up."
"Happy Wife, Happy... yeah it's good not like it magically seals itself and repairs any damage with nanobots, but it works"
Machine is excellent for my needs.
Excellent!
Perfect when you need it move
perfect fit
This universal case is a good value. It does the job of keeping my sewing machine free of dust and possible damage.
I am very happy with the purchase ...
"It is just the box, so I sent it back and they were very nice and very fast to answer me. Anyway, it is a really big and nice box."
Was very satisfied with the prompt service and of course with the Product will use them again and will recommend to others.
Fits perfectly and protects my singer. Very convienent
Arrived on time and is a great hard cover for the Singer machine I ordered for my wife.
"Just what I needed to store my older model Singer. The foot pedal and cords fit in here as well. Previously my machine was in a sewing table, so I hadn't used a storage cover before. This one is just what I needed and a decent price. Will keep my Singer dust free and portable. Sturdy latch. Would recommend."
"The website says ""17 x 8.5 x 12 inches"" but this case is bigger than that and will not work for my machine. The quality looks fine, but I have to return it."
"Great case,lightweight, and keeps my sewing machine from getting dusty and knocked about!"
fits my sewing machine well! happy to have a sturdy place to store
"A bit overpriced, but it fits my Singer."
Very sturdy
"This case snaps tightly.  It is a little wide, but it has room to store your manual, cord, etc.  It is very sturdy."
The case is sturdy but the machine is not stable in it. It can slide around when carrying.
Perfect for storing not just the machine but big enough for other items like additional thread box and extension cord.
Its a case.
I will be Buying a Singer Quilting and Sewing Machine Prayfully by Christmas!  And it will be a Singer!  Thank You and God Bless!  Jane
Keeps my Singer safe. I love it.
ok
Love this machine. Great price.
Perfect for my sawing machine
good carrying case for singer sewing machine.
Great reliable case for my sewing machine!
"I bought two such cases at a local Jo-Ann fabric store, but decided to leave my comment here, because I noticed some people wanted to know the maximum weight  the case could carry, and most answers are like ""don't know"", ""not sure"" etc. )))

So, I purchased one case for my modern Singer (mod. 1120, strictly speaking not very new, it's 13 years old, but the same white all-plastic body like newer models) and the other one for my vintage Singer, mod. 328K (made in Clydebank, Glasgow, Scotland, in 1965... in those days when things were made to last for dozens of years. :0) I bought it at a local antique store, and it came without its native case, so I needed something to protect it from dust and accidental impacts.)

Mod. 1120 weighs 15 lb, fits the case perfectly well and I don't see any problems whatsoever about this weight.
Mod. 328K weighs 21 lb, also fits the case and I can carry it easily around the house whenever I need it.
The case does its job, feels sturdy and reliable, no signs of flimsiness or threats of falling apart. The locks are good and strong too.
All in all - the case is firm and durable.

I also own an antique Singer, hand-crank mod. 28K, made in the same plant as my 328K, but 40 years earlier (in 1926... in those days when things were made to last for a couple of centuries minimum. :0)
 I don't need a case for it since it came in its own beautiful bent-wood one, but just out of curiosity tried it  as well into the plastic case I'm reviewing.
My all-cast iron with a wooden base mod. 28K weighs 30 lb, fits into the case all right, and I can also carry it around the house, but I think if I, for whatever reason, needed to carry it from place to place very often - the handle would give up pretty soon - maybe in a few weeks. This weight feels a little bit too much for the plastic stuff the handle is made of... but otherwise it's OK too.

So, for future reference: the case is ideal for keeping and  CARRYING sewing machines up to 20-21 lb.
And quite suitable for keeping (but not carrying for too long!) heavier vintage/antique ones.
Hope my review will be useful for other people looking for a reliable sewing machine case. ;0)"
"Large size fit my Singer sewing machine well, just had to remove the top spool holder to get it to close. Bought the like new case for a discount & really glad I did, saved a few dollars for a case that looks looked perfect  with no issues. Plastic is good heavy quality, should last a lifetime."
does the job
Light weight and nice shape
as described
11 year old son loves it.
The machine fits in perfectly.  Attractive case with a strong handle to carry the case.
This carry case fits the sewing machine perfectly...great for storage.
work good
Liked it
"Arrived in perfect condition, is easy to use, no problems yet after 1 month of light use."
works great
Great  value very pleased
"It is bigger than I'd thought, but it is very sturdy and should be very satisfactory."
it feet my machine very useful
very durable
Great product. I love it.
great item
Perfect for my Brother CS6000i sewing machine.  Somewhere in the reviews someone used the styrofoam their machine was packed in to keep it from sliding around in the case.  Luckily I still had the packing in my office and put it in the bottom of the case.  Had to whittle it down a bit; but the  machine sits firmly in the case.  Nice solid case.
For light duty only. I found it jammed with any material with weight. Easy to use though!
My sewing machine is now safely stored away. This is a very nice carrying/storage case. I would highly recommend.
worked perfectly for my new singer and my old singer. Definitely worth the money.
Very nice case
Excelent perfect for my sawing machine.
Great for keeping a sewing machine protected and free from dust when not in use.  It also is a must if the sewing machine needs to be mobile.
Perfect fit for the sewing machine i bought!
"It's too big for my machine, I had to cut some foam to put in the bottom so it didn't slide around. Otherwise the construction is good and it will safely carry and store my machine for my move."
Excelent
nice and light and leaves some room for gadgets and supplies.
Ok
The case is good quality and not too heavy.  However it is way too big for the Singer machine I bought along with this case (as it is bundled with that machine on Amazon).  I had to cut some strips of upholstery foam to stuff in the front and back when machine was in the case to prevent it sliding around.  You may want to check your machine size before you buy one.  I understand the cases come in different sizes.
Love my sewing machine cover. It was a bit larger than I expected but it's perfect.
Fit perfectly with space fit extras
It's a little big but it carries the machine and really protects it.  Good sturdy case.
It fit like  a glove. It makes moving the machine a pleasure
"Perfect for my Singer machine. It is sturdy, latches made well. Enough room to keep machine and smaller sewing accessories in one convenient place. A must have to preserve your Singer machine, great investment."
"Excellent case for my Singer 4423.... fits with a bit of room to spare....
not sorry I purchased this, you won't be either...."
"My Singer Heavy Duty 4452 fits in perfectly and with the Styrofoam that came in the original box with the machine, keeps the machine nice and snug."
Study and will protect machine well.  A little bulky.
"Seems to work, carries my new Singer Traditional Sewing Machine. It feels and looks like the 'One Size Fits Most' item that it is. It feels a little too roomy for my machine. I guess the ridges in the base keep machines from moving around too much. I was disappointed to find that even though this is advertised as being a Singer Product that it carries no indication (Brand/Logo Symbol) on it. Maybe that is because it could also hold other makes of sewing machine. Still, I like the Singer Brand and there is no indication of that on the carrier."
Does not fit the  SINGER 1+ One Plus 221-Stitch Computerized Sewing Machine with LCD Screen and Instructional DVD that I bought it for.
"great case, carry well"
Nice case fits my machine great.
Very nice case would recommend to others an delivered on time Thanx again
"I had one of these already and needed another.  Simple design, but does it's job.  Highly recommend."
Perfect for my new machine!
Hard to fill the bobbin
"This Machine Cover, is as advertised, it fits my Singer 5400 See & Sew Machine as if it was part of the Machine. I am very pleased with my purchase."
Big enough for my machine.  I was also able to add a my sewing kit inside. Wished they came in colors.
This sewing case looked brand new... I am  very happy!
good size
It works exactly as I expected.  My sewing machine I've had for years without a case fits perfectly and now I can store it and keep it dust free.
"Also has room inside to carry other small items -scissors, patterns, etc."
Excellent no complain
Nice case.
Great case for the money!  Just wish it secured the sewing machine to the bottom of the case.
Good product.  Only issue is that it is a pure white and shows up dirk quite easily.
Stores great! Could also stuff other things with the machine. Would recommend to buy with sewing machine.
This case works perfectly for the discontinued Singer XL-1-Quantum sewing machine.  There's also room for the cord and a manual.
"Arrived as seller said, was very happy with my purchase and will recommend them."
I bought this with my singer sewing machine and it fits perfectly fine. It protect the machine from dust.
Practical thing to have if you travel with your sewing machine.
"My old Singer case would've fit my new machine-but, this one is so light and fresh! Could've been a tighter/better fit as my new machine is smaller-but, I know this is used for many Singer machines."
"Item arrived earlier than expected! I have t he Singer 1304, dimension of 13 x 7 x 11.5. The case is much bigger than the machine which give room for any sewing miscellaneous. The case is well made for sure. I saw the box thrown to my brick front porch when delivered and nothing happened. Good price too. Highly recommend!"
My daughter in law loves it!
Case worked great. Fit well for our new Singer sewing machine.
fits well
Perfect for the machine I purchased for my wife.
Best product and cheap in price
Love my Singer case.
Fits machine perfect. Good quality.
Excellent protection.
Fits the sewing machine perfectly with room for the pedal and cord with it getting kinked.
would fit a larger machine as well - plenty of room in here!~
Sewing machine cover fits good
It's a nice box but that's all it is. There are no pockets or anything for things like the manual or accessories.
seems fine but over priced considering the machine its self was only $110
Great machine.
"The machine, (Singer 7643)  cable, and foot pedal control easily fit this case.  It provides very good protection.  The machine however, is not ""locked"" to the case or ""in-position"" in any way.  If carried by the handle it should be fine, but it can slide round a little bit when in the case.  Nothing much to worry about but felt it worth mentioning.  I like it"
Does a great job protecting my sewing machine and making it travel ready. Also has enough room for all my sewing tools and supplies.
This is a great item.  Now I can carry my sewing machine and know that it is well protected.  The case is well made with hard long lasting plastic.
I love it. I purchased this case to protect a Singer 4411 Heavy duty. It fits perfect and I can even insert the foam that came with the sewer machine. So I'm positive that this protects 100% my machine and storage everything. It's perfect!
Great cover
Nice
Must have to keep your sewing machine clean.
Perfect fit for my SINGER 4423 Heavy Duty sewing Machine
Beyond Perfect and roomy enough for the foot pedal. Very pleased.
Does what it is supposed to do and doesn't run around the house when unattended.
"Only problem is,it  is a little big for my machine. My machine is a small simple free arm. But large size is not a big problem."
This machine runs really smooth. Excellent choice very pleased with my purchase .
Sewing machine fits nicely and easy to travel with
friend was pleased
Quality case and works great!
Love it!
"Case is well made, fits perfectly & protects sewing machine well."
"Good, hard case.  Large enough for machine and some accessories."
Simply a box that you can set a sewing machine into to store it. It is not fitted to the machine at all.
great lightweight way to protect my machine while not in use. It is very convenient and practical.
very lightt and easy to use.
There is nothing wrong with this case; it just is much too large for the sewing machine I bought it for.  I assumed it would be the perfect fit for the machine I bought from Amazon at the same time.  Amazon should make it clear that .  .  .
Does the job for a reasonable price.
I am very satisfied with this
This case is terrific. It will protect and keep my sewing machine clean!
As advertised
Just as advertised works great protects my machine while transporting the machine.
This is the best case i have ever had.
"I bought the Singer 4432 machine and this with it when I read that the machine didn't come with a cover.  This is heavy and huge, and it will only be used when I want to store the machine in a closet.  It is much easier to pick up the machine by itself than using this large case."
Helps keeps the kids out of machine and fit nicely.  Nice case for the money.  Also with the little bit of spare room I'm able to keep some things with the machine
Bought for someone so cannot give review
Didn't even have this a year and it broke. Before that I had a number of issues.
as expected
Good price and prompt delivery.
Fits my sewing machine perfect!
great
"I have the SINGER 8763 Curvy Computerized Free-Arm Sewing Machine with 30 stitches

This case fits my machine perfect
Very well made. Good solid plastic case. Top and bottom lock with no issues.
The case is a bit big for the machine but I haven't had any issues with sliding and leaves room for wires."
Perfect carry- all for your machine & supplies!
"Good qualty storage case. Fits my Singer great, with all accessories. I highly recommend it."
My mom likes it so I like it!
Great Buy!
I love it very handy.
Very good material
Great for keeping my machine dust-free and stowing extra parts
"The case is large enough to set the Singer sewing machine without any difficulty, and is easy to carry !"
Perfect fit to Singer Machine
"My wife loves this, so much easier then her old one, very helpful cds and instructions"
Gotta have this...perfect storage cover.
"Good container for my 4411, albeit a little large. The only negative I'll give is that I found it at Walmart $10 cheaper."
Seems well made but it's considerably larger than the Singer 4423 I bought it for.
normal
for my daughter
Kind of big for mine and many models would fit inside but you need to put padding inside so the machine doesn't bang around. I wish they still made cases for each model. :(
She loved it
"This case isn't at all appealing to me visually. It however, is excellent for protecting your sewing machine. I really like it :)"
Was just what I needed.
Very nice....
"Great, light weight case that easily fits my sewing machine."
Nice cover to easily transport sewing machine.
Excellent carrying case for the sewing machine and keeps it well protected
Good buy.
Perfect case for my machine and some sewing paraphernalia.
Good case protects the sewing machine well. Perfect fit.
"It works for my new sewing machine.  A little larger, so it would be nice if it had adjustable sides on the inside, so that you could also store supplies or manuals."
Excellent
"This case is somewhat sloppy for a machine. There is nothing to hold it from rolling around inside. It's ok I guess for long term storage or something, but a cardboard box would work for that just as well."
"it works but not the same like the good old days to where it fits like a glove, but it does work"
Fits our machine perfectly!  Great protection for my 9-year old daughter carrying her machine to/from school.
Great to keep my machine safe from damage.
"Too small, does not keep my serger machine safe."
Great
Ideal for carrying around my Singer 4432 portable industrial machine.  Wanted something to protect the machine itself and this works well.  I just pad the insides since it is a universal and it holds the base after well
"Nice latches. You standard sewing machine will fit inside.  Good handle,durable, and clean."
Works great.
"The case has no framing inside to hold the machine in place. Therefore, the machine is not well secured and the case does not function well to transport or store the sewing machine."
"Good price, good quality, fit my Singer perfectly.  No regrets with this purchase"
Excellent quality.
A
Great
Good
Very nice carrying case for the sewing machine.
case is good but to large for what I needed had to return it. but would definitely get it if I had a larger machine
love it
Great item
Very nice product!  Excellent service!  Thank you!
This case is made sturdier than the 4432 plastic junk Singer sewing machine they make. I recommend you buy this for a modern plastic Singer sewing machine. You're gonna need it.
"Nice clean lines. Machine fits well inside. Carrying handle and side latches seem strong and function smoothly. Strong plastic with some flexibility. There's even a little ""wiggle room"" inside so you can store a small project with the machine. Has made moving my portable machine very easy. I remove the machine for sewing then simply replace it in the case, pick up and go. Also a good protection for the sewing machine and makes it easy to slide the whole thing onto a shelf for storage."
good case cheap price
Fit my sewing machine perfectly :) seems well-enough made. I picked this one because of the way the handle is - I can stack stuff on top of this if need be. Most have the handle sticking up so nothing can sit on top.
Does the job well
"I had never known these existed, and I purchased 4 of them for various machines I had that got dirty so fast due to no cases."
sewing machine fits easily and room to store miscellaneous
"What I expected, a little roomy for the 1304 start, leaves plenty of room for other things."
Love it
Perfect fit for my Singer sewing machine.  The machine was in a cabinet for years and no longer wanted it sitting out.  Perfect case to store until needed.  Highly recommend.
"fits her singer machine perfectly, and she loves it
prompt delivery and great service"
Excellent!!!!!!
good for the price
Perfect to protect the sewing machine from dust or damage when not in use.
I recently purchased a sewing machine and wanted a place to store it when it isn't in use. This is a great hard carrying case and storage case for my sewing machine. I have a Singer Confidence and it fits in the case - with room for the foot pedal and the power cord. It is easy to carry and snaps securely on the base.
Real nice container.  I'm very happy with the high quality.
"Got this to just sew hems, pillow cases, and etc.  This is a simple machine but it does just about everything."
Very nice case
This case is a must to protect your Singer sewing machine.
Great fit for the sewing machine.
"I purchased this case for my Babylock Molly sewing machine and I LOVE it!  Plenty of room for my machine and other items as well!  It is well made and looks nice too.  I would highly recommend this sewing case and this seller. My case arrived 2 days after making the order, was well packaged.  I'm happy!"
Case
"Much better for Brother XL2600 machine, than the Brother 5300 case."
Gifted this case to my girlfriend. She loves it...says it's perfect.
It's a good thing compared to the price.
It fita well with our Singer 4422. Protects the sewing machine from dust and scratch. Very handy and genuine singer product!
Product came as described and on time!
It's very useful thing! There's enough place to put threads or some fabrics. I really like it! The lock is tight. The handle is very reliable. I recommend it to everybody who wants to keep their sewing machines safe and out of dust.
Highly recommend!
does exactly what it is supposed to do; protect the machine. Very sturdy!
"Bigger than I expected, but great for carrying and storing my sewing machine."
Love it
Granddaughter loves it
Perfect fit for my sewing machine.
thank you
Great as a gift!
"It doesn't fit exactly, but it keeps the dust off it."
Works great!
It does what it was designed to do (holds several different models of sewing machines and protects them from dust or other hazards).
Works perfect
Perfect case for my Singer sewing machine.  Machine and foot pedal fit easily into this case.
Didn't work for my needs which was to hold a serger.  Had to return.
Given as a Christmas gift to protect the best part of the present.
"Great price, really study, dependable love it"
Fits just right with a little room to spare so I don't have to stuff the cord in.
"My mom love it but I wish she would it got the sewing, she still waiting for it"
Product is ok. It is just a little big for my machine. It's a universal case.
"The singer sewing machine fits very well inside of the Carrying Case allowing the machine to be  protected when being stored,  transported, and helping to keep it clean when not in use."
Very sturdy case and the machine fits perfectly
Great carrier! My daughter is learning how to sew and brought this to class every time. Works great. fits the machine and is very roomy.
Perfect fit for my new Singer sewing machine.  Nice and sturdy too.
Was a gift for my daughter she love it
Nice solid cover
A-OK
Nice fit for my SINGER 4423 Heavy Duty - with plenty of space! Latches well and does the job.
too large and requires foam padding.
perfect
Works great!
Love this case. Fits the sewing machine and foot with cords. Makes it easy to put away and stow in a closet without worrying if something else will be thrown on top of it and break something. Recommend this to even the occasional sewer. Great investment.
"Good, sturdy cover."
Machine works great
Perfect fit!
"As advertised, nice product."
Great case and fits perfect for my sewing machine.
My wife loves this.  I got her a sewing machine for Christmas.  This makes it much easier for her to carry it around.  It's durable enough to last for years.
This was a gift and my daughter loves it.
good
The case is very light weight so I'm not sure yet how well it will hold up.
It was very nice items
just the right size and happy with it
Excellent
Very sturdy case at a great price!
Very useful. It fits a variety of machines well.
Lightweight and does what it is supposed to do.
"This was a Christmas present for my grand daughter and she absolutely loved it.  She is planning for the first thing she can sew.  Great product and because it's a Singer, I can depend on its quality."
"I wanted to get my daughter a nice case, this will do"
As described
Perfect for the Singer machine my daughter bought.  Very sturdy and will store well.
"I am so glad that I bought this carrying case to go with my Singer sewing machine! It is great for storing my machine so that it doesn't collect dust or any other environmental issues. It is big enough to hold my sewing machine, foot pedal, and a few basic supplies like measuring tape, pins, scissors/blade, thread, and even some scrap fabric."
Very pleased. Looking forward to using it. Delivered in a very timely manner.
it fits the singer 7258
Great fit and like weight.
I sent this a long with the Singer to my daughter.  She says it is good and sturdy.
It is very convenient and can hold my sewing machine and all its accessories inside safe.
I got it for my cousin for Christmas
This sewing machine case has two heavy duty flip latches on each end. A Top and a Bottom. I can say honestly it holds a Singer 4423 Heavy Duty sewing machine solid. I shook the heck out of it and it didn't rattle one bit. Opened it back up and the machine was still aligned with the lines on the case bottom. Good to go.
"Nice, a bit big for smaller machines and no way to anchor the machine in place."
The hard shell case is a perfect fit for the heavy-duty sewing machine I purchased.
Definitely get this case with your sewing machine. It's durable and roomy to tote around a sewing machine.
Fits old Kenmore machine perfectly.
Very well made and sturdy!
"I love this case
It's exactly what I wanted"
Wonderful to keep the dust off!!!
perfect fit for storage
Good buy.
"This case is plastic, easy to open/close and to place machine inside. Wipes off with a damp cloth. It is a little taller than I anticipated but that's no big deal.  Keeps my machine dust free and easy to transport or store.  Very happy I made this purchase,  would highly recommend and would definitely but again."
This was a gift. Unable to comment.
Sturdy. Works. Holds a Singer 4423 fine.
My Singer 7426 fits perfectly in this case.
Good quality
Great case.
Product arrive quickly and as described. Perfectly fits my older Singer Magic sewing machine.
good quality product
Why add weight and bulk to your life?
the best one to protect the sewing machine.
"Great product, and my wife said she was very glad to have it."
Great case for my Singer Quilter machine.
Terrific!
Nice case mine came with scuff marks but not damaged enough to return
"I am really amazed on how fast the item was shipped,,
But i have to admit that its kinda of a give away when i bought it secretly as a gift and it arrives and my door with the Name Singer blasted all over the box.
Thanks Alot.."
Fits my machine perfectly!
"I ordered this case from warehouse deals. It had a tiny mark on it, which now blends in with a few other new marks. It fits my singer quantum 9985 perfect."
perfect size and durable
Love it
Need to buy another one for my machine!
Great
Very nice & sturdy product. Clips are very strong.  Bought for teenage grand daughters along with a Singer sewing machine. Will definitely help protect machine and keep out dust.  Easy for storage and keeping all pieces together.
All was good
just as described
Very satisfied
good for price
"Got it today, can't wait to put my machine in it!"
great!!
"This case seems to fit most any size sewing machine.  Easy to use, strong and well made.  Worth the price."
thud
not as advertised.  the case is way too big. discrepancies with the dimensions/descriptions.  there is a gap between the locks.  looks more like an imitation than something that would have the Singer name on it.
Great case
GOOD!!!!
"My singer fit right in this, with room to put in a kit, as well."
great machine cover and carry case
I received this as a gift for my sewing machine. The description claims it fits the Singer One. It does not fit the Singer One unless you remove the arm. What is the point. So frustrating. Now I have a case that doesn't fit because I didn't open my new machine soon enough to find out. ):
excellent.
Fits good in the case.
nice case for the money
the size is way too big for the machine
came  in the mail in perfect condition  with fast delivery perfect to protect my sewing machine thank you
fits well at a good price
Made in USA
It's ok not much to it. Nothing to hold the machine in place while carrying it.
I ordered two of these and they work perfectly for my sewing machines. I am very satisfied.
Great machine. Great for competent adult and....my seven year old granddaughter who is sewing up a storm.
"Bought this for my Singer Brilliance 6180 which is now my 'backup machine'.  Fits perfectly and even with the rounded corners on the top of the 'lid', it does seem stable enough to stack my serger case on top."
"Fit perfectly,"
I bought two of these and I am so happy to finally have a way to protect my sewing machines.  I wish I would have bought them sooner!!
Good product
"really justa big palstic box, no way to satbilize or support machine..."
PERFECT!!! Keeps my sewing machine dust free and all the machines Nick-nacks
"I'm an amateur sewer so I don't know the etiquette/proper care techniques for a sewing machine. However, I can say from experience that if you're like me and use a sewing machine only once in a while, a case is just what you need. I can pack up my sewing machine nice and neatly, and store it away if need be, or cover it up when not in use. No more gathering dust in the corner! The locks on the side are good quality, and (at least from my experience) the sewing machine stays in place and is secure. Would definitely recommend."
very good
"A good, light-weight, but strong case."
Perfect size for my Singer Tradition. Great for storing sewing machine when not in use or traveling with it.
nice
"I measured my machine and the case carefully, I thought.  I didn't expect that I'd have to remove my machine from the bottom of the case in order to use it.  It doesn't line up, or meet the level of the bottom piece.  I have to remove the machine.  Not a big adjustment, just not expected and a minor hassle.  Serves well enough for the price."
Really nice carring case for sewing machine
Works perfectly. Seems very durable. Very satisfied with my purchase.
Holds the whole machine and cords great. Thanks!!
Very happy
easy fit. light weight
"Large, but does the job with space to spare for throwing other items in the box with the sewing machine.  I picked the hard case because I wanted something to protect my sewing machine as it was moved from Florida to California.  Worked perfectly."
Too large. Returned
Works like a charm .. I love it.
Fit my machine great.  Good deal for the price and easy transport to wherever I need to sew!
Great Protection...
Fits the machine
It just made the perfect gift
Great case for my Singer machine.  I purchased a basic Singer machine for my vacation home and thought it would be good to have a case to keep it protected.  This is well made and is a must to protect your sewing machine when not in use.
Very spacious inside so it will fit a variety of sewing machines.  Sure beats taking the machine in and out of the original box every time.
This is a great way to store the sewing machine.  It's a little more roomy than is necessary but I guess that is a one size fits all mentality.
love it
Fit great :)
"It shipped quickly, arrive quickly, in good shape.  It is sturdy, and roomy enough for extra stuff like scissors, extra thread bobbins, patterns eve a generous amount of material."
Fits
protects machine just keep the Styrofoam the machine comes in .fits and protect it from accidental knock overs.
I LOVE IT !!! I WOULD BUY AGAIN FROM CUSTOMER !!! GREAT QUALITY !!!
"Sturdy and attractive, it is large enough to hold my singer easily."
"Fits my sewing machine with room for cables and other bits too.  Decently made product and sturdy enough for my needs (which is to protect my machine and store it out of the way when not in use).  I will probably add some foam inside to help cushion the machine when being carried, but I am very pleased with the case and will be ordering a second one for my serger."
"It was very large for the machine I bought it for, but it works fine.  Great service. Thanks"
"Bought it so go with our Singer 9985 Quantum Sewing Machine&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/SINGER-9985-Quantum-Stylist-TOUCH-960-Stitch-Computerized-Sewing-Machine-with-Large-Color-Touch-Screen-13-Presser-Feet/dp/B00FV8PZFQ/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">SINGER 9985 Quantum Stylist TOUCH 960-Stitch Computerized Sewing Machine with Large Color Touch Screen & 13 Presser Feet</a>. Fit perfectly. Very durable, easy to use and great for carrying and storing."
the case would be great if it wasn't used.  There were scuff marks all over the top of the case.
It fits my SINGER 4423 Heavy Duty sewing machine but there is a lot of extra room in the case. I used it to store some more sewing stuff in with the machine but I would have liked a snugger fit so it doesn't have the chance to move around.
Was extremely simple to open and assemble! I was shocked on how durable it actually is!
Fits my sewing machine perfectly!
"Great value, more durable than it looks, very lightweight."
A great case.
works and fits good
I like it.
"Quality case for the price, I'd suggest this purchase to anyone."
"This case is of poor quality. Not only did I receive this item with one of the rivets broken (that holds one of the side clasps on), but the edges of the top and bottom pieces are uneven, rough, and make the entire case look cheap. This item has been returned."
My sewing machine fits in here. The case is durable and guaranteed heavy duty. I recommend it.
Just right
excelente
"I own three Singer sewing machines and sew daily as I have for much of my 74 years. My new heavy duty Singer didn't come with a case, and this is perfect for it. It's heavier than looks and well made. The price was amazing."
I am amazed at great quality and value
It is perfect for keeping the machine both safe and for storage.
Has enough room to leave the cords attached to the machine. Completely seals out dust.
Feels good and snug. Lots of room inside for little things and the machine.
Covers the machine securely.
SOLVES STORAGE PROBLEMS
So happy to have this case to protect my sewing machine.  Finally I was able to get this on sale and am very happy with it.  My sewing machine fits perfectly inside with all the accoutrements.
It fits my Kenmore beautifully!
Spacious can hold the machine good.
It's kinda lame you have to buy the cover separately.  it's rugged enough for the job.
"Nice, sturdy case. Good price."
Excellent inexpensive carry case for a portable machine... lightweight and roomy enough to store cords and accessories.
Works great with my new singer sewing machine. Very light weight and easy to carry.
nice
good buy.
"My Singer 7256 Fashion Mate 70-Stitch fits in this very well.  It is well made, solid carrying it around."
Works well....protects the machine well.
Good.
It fits the sewing machine perfectly.  It is a strong case.  Easy to carry.
Love it.  The machine sits in it well and have enough room around the sewing machine to keep the manual and a small bobbin case so everything is together.  Is well made and strudy.  Glad I got it when I got the machine
Perfect light-weight case for carrying and protecting my new light-weight sewing machine.
"Love this, I bought a sew machine, this case is perfect. Good price, too."
excelente
"Lots of room for the machine to skate around on the inside. Needs lots of padding to protect the machine if this is used to transport the machine. If using this to store a machine at home and keep it from dust, it's fine."
great carrying case for the singer 4423 sewing machine.
"I keep my singer 4432 in this and it works great. The metal latches feel secure. There is plenty of room to store the foot pedal and some supplies along with the machine, but even without the extra items the machine doesn't feel like it moves around when I carry it. Best way to keep my machine safe when I take it in for classes."
"A great ""dust cover"" for my new sewing machine!"
It didn't fit my daughters singer
Doesn't fit the Singer One Plus no matter how you try to squeeze it in.
The wife bought this for her sewing machine. Holds everything she needs. Good size and sturdy.
What you would expect.
great for storing a machine
"Poorly manufactured junk.

Ordered one from Amazon and returned it due to defects. Ordered a second one and returned it because of the same defects.

Unlike the case in the photo, the top and bottom of do not fit together properly. The case is warped or very poorly molded. When you set the top on the bottom, there is an open gap between the two, on the sides of the case. The gap is about 1 cm. It is unbelievable how poorly made this case is. The top also does not align/seat properly in the bottom, also due to very poor manufacturing.

The edges of the case are also pretty rough. Again, due to extremely poor quality manufacturing and terrible quality control.

Ended up returning both of these and getting the Brother 5300 case. That case is molded perfectly. The top and bottom fit together perfectly. The 5300 is a little bigger than the Singer case, but that's a good thing. It means extra room to store the pedal, cord and an extension cord."
Great protection
It works great
It protects my sewing machine and fits it perfectly
Definitely what I needed
"""Excellent"". My new Singer sewing machine Model # 5532 fits perfectly.  Out from the box with foam packing attached and into Singer 611. BR Universal Hard Carrying Case with no binding.(approx. 1/2"" @ sides)  Eliminates shifting around and avoid possible damage to my sewing machine."
Fits sewing machine for storage
This a good case to protect the singer 7258 sewing machine I bought..it's light and easy to use
Very good quality for the price.
It fits perfect with the sewing machine.
Just as described. Only wished they made something inside to hold machine in place to protect from side to side and back and forth bumps.
Very good
This product does not fit all Singer portable sewing machines.  You might want to verify the height of your machine before buying.
Great for protecting and carrying sewing machine and storing material...love the size
"Bought this before, already knew I would be happy with it."
Great accessory.
"Fits my Singer Talent 3323 with more than enough room for the pedal and extra ""stuff."""
fits the machine I got
Perfect for my Singer sewing machine.
Just what I expected
"Great fit, and easy to store."
"We recently bought a Singer 4423 and this case fits it perfectly. There's really not much more to say. Oh, the latches work well too."
"Nice quality ~ large enough for any portable machine.
Open floor of case (no hinges)  - solid squared case."
"no bells and whistles, economical, and practical."
Just as expected
Great machine for the money
Very Good
My Singer machine fits in this perfectly with room left over for the pedal and cord and other items. Well made. Worth the price in my opinion.
Fits my machine perfectly and very sturdy!  The case itself is very lightweight which is a huge plus! very happy with this purchase!
"A bit light weight and flexy, but it works."
Great case.
i bought wrong size case but i gave it to my daughter not worth sending back
Used it to transport my machine as a carryon when I flew across the country. No problem with the airlines.
Strong and durable
Just what I needed
Surprised my wife with this. Fit her machine perfectly and is durable.
Perfect!!
I just received this machine yesterday.  WOW!!  Easy to see why it was Consumer Digests Best Buy.  Really easy to set up and get started right out of the box.  Owner's manual is super easy to understand.  My 9 year old granddaughter would have no problem learning on this machine.  I fell away from quilting years ago because I didn't understand my older machine very well.  I can't wait to carve out some time for my neglected projects.  Very happy with this purchase!!
"It is sturdy and good looking.  While it doesn't have all the room (interior pockets) that my former vinyl carrying case had, it is fine."
Is a little big for my machine but love it anyway.  Can put stuff in the case with the machine then.
"Holds the sewing machine for storage and travel, and keeps it dust-free. Just a  great case."
My buen maletin. Bonito ademas.
This machine is easy to use and runs smooth. It's great for a novice seamstress!
Seems to be a quality Product.  Shipping was great on both Items as a Set.
Fits my machine perfect
Fits my machine perfectly!  Sturdy but not heavy. Great product.
"Very good, product."
Fits sewing machine. Great for keeping it protected.
"Perfect, it's like new and good size, the Singer machine is there with the power cable and pedal perfect protected. Thanks"
"Of course, if it would have come as part of the sewing machine, it would have been ideal."
ONLY WAY TO STORE MY FINE NEW MACHINE ---GET ONE
Good quality. Repaced our old case for New Home. Very durable.
Super great product. I bought it for singer 1304 and ypu have enough space fir the machine and other things.
nice
This product provides nice protection for the sewing machine.  It is a must if someone wants to protect their sewing machine.
"Love it! I didn't have one for my last sewing machine,  but this time I had to have it. I took the machine to the boat,  my machine,  foot pedal,  cording, my accessories all fit in there. I didn't have to look for anything,  didn't have to worry about forgetting anything @"
Does exactly what it needs to do and isn't expensive.
Very nice case.  Amazes me that the portable Singer sewing machines don't come with a case.
"Just received the case for my Singer Sew Mate 5400. Fits perfectly with room for cord and foot pedal. It is light weight and of good quality. Not sure why others gave negatives reviews, but I am pleased with the product."
This carrying case is also stored at the Aunt's house until the September birthday.
I gave this and a sewing machine as a gift.  They loved it. Nice appearance and good quality.  Thanks !!
"I give it 4 stars -- it would have 5 stars if it came with some foam wedges to keep my sewing machine from sliding around inside of the hard cover. I understand that is part of the deal when you purchase a universal cover...I know I am being ""nit-picky"". It is a nice sturdy cover that will work great for me since I do not see every day and it doubles as the storage location too."
"Very sturdy, been plastic and all, very strongly built, happy with it, highly recommend it"
Nice clean covering for standard Singer sewing machine. Very light but sturdy.
"Was OK, but not what I had envisioned."
"I love it!!! Fits perfect and easy to carry with room for my pedal and cords. It was delivered on time, I'm very pleased."
Fit my sewing machine perfectly with room for a few accessories.  Very sturdy.
Perfect case that covers my new Singer sewing machine. Love it!
The needle threaded is very nifty. It runs smooth. I have enough stitch choices to suit me. Easy to run. Lighter weight to carry. The last singer I bought in 1976 served me well. And I see a lot. This one will too.
Perfect!
Excellent for being a generic one-size fits all.  Works great with the Singer 4423 Heavy Duty Extra-High Sewing machine.  Well made product.
Inexpensive and sufficient for my needs
Very sturdy. Works great
Fit's my sewing machine perfectly.
LOVE IT...EXCELLENT
granddaughter high school graduation gift.....taking it to college
great machine
It is really necessary
good
"I have a Kenmore, basic zig-zag. To assist those with the same brand machine, I can attest that this carrying case DOES well fit a Kenmore.
I don't have the model number & have had my machine about 20 years, but, the case easily fits with room to spare. A ""carrying case"" was not
my concern, I essentially wanted it for a 'dust cover'. The case seems sturdy enough for those who carry their machines from one location to
another."
This is not universal
Great case to keep the machine safe while not in use and when we go the 4H sewing classes.
"Product is as described, works great and is a good value!"
lots of space inside to fit your peddle and cords. Very easy storage and very durable.
Nice protection and helps keep machine clean.
"Base & top attach with metal loop snap. The Bernina Activa footprint is smaller, the Janome 350e fits the base exactly. Both fit under the 'lid' just fine.  Good protection. Good price."
"Person I bought this for said it was great for protecting his new machine, and told me he didn't like a lot of the other covers available, but this one was exactly what they were looking for!"
okay.
love it
"Very nice case, easy locking/opening. Softer plastic than expected, but by no means is that a negative."
The power foot control does not work 20% of the time.  This slow me down when I am trying to sew.
Little pricey
very nice and sturdy.
Does what it is supposed to do!
Just perfect for my new Singer sewing machine-now I can keep it in any room and sew on a whim!
"Machine fits well in case, great price"
GREAT PRODUCT. GREAT PRICE.
It is really great.  Keeps my sewing machine free from dust.  Amazon has everthing
"I have a new Husqvarna Viking 118,this case fits it perfectly."
"Very light, space for the machine and some extra stuff if you feel like doing portable sewing at friends house."
Works well for my machine...much better than the little cover that came with the machine.
Great carrying & storage case for my singer. Saved money by purchasing thru Amazon. The ones at Wal-Mart & K-Mart were double the price.
"I bought one of these almost ten years ago to store my Singer sewing machine. I didn't want or need a rolling tote and, to be honest, I wanted something plain without pattern.

There are some pros and cons for anyone contemplating this purchase:

PROS:

- sturdy
- reasonably easy to keep clean
- don't have to worry if something falls on it unlike with a fabric tote
- reasonably easy to use and carry

CONS:

- top and bottom must be aligned correctly in grooves; this sometimes requires more than one attempt
- area where the handle is has multiple areas that are difficult to keep clean, especially dust free.
- yellows with age

On the whole, and for the price, I would still buy it again - although I think that, ten years later, they could at least offer a moderate range of solid colors like turquoise, pink, black etc just to give people a few other options. Not essential though. I do with the area where the handle is were better constructed/thought out because it always ends up getting lint trapped in various places when I'm not using it - and that's just a hassle. Otherwise, it's innocuous and unobtrusive. It may not look like much, but if you're only an occasional sewer like me, this is a great way to store your machine in plain sight, in a closet or wherever and it's not an eyesore.

I cut a rubber grip piece of material (the type you can get at Walmart for pantry shelves etc) to fit into the bottom - this really helps keep the machine in place."
Works great
Very pleased with product
This was a gift
Spacious enough to fit sewing machine and more! I love the purchase.
"Received as a gift from my husband for Christmas, fit my machine very nicely. Sturdy."
Good.
"Fits well, & easily allows machine to go in or come out."
Wish it came with foam or something to pad machine.
This is very sturdy.
Excellent
"This is a simple sturdy case for storing and transporting sewing machines.

My&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Brother-XR9500PRW-Project-Runway-Limited-Edition-Sewing-Machine-with-100-Built-in-Stitches-and-Quilting-Table/dp/B005GXPOAM/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Brother XR9500PRW Project Runway Limited Edition Sewing Machine with 100 Built-in Stitches and Quilting Table</a>&nbsp;machine fits fine, except I do have to lower the thread spindle on top.  I had to do the same with the cover that came with it, too.  Either way I am unable to keep it threaded when I put it in the case.  It's not a deal-breaker, but it can sometimes be an inconvenience.  That said, the machine and its pedal and power cord all fit inside with room to spare.  This prevents tots and pets from messing with it, keeps it dust-free and all together, and makes it easy to grab for any sewing or quilting class I might take."
Got this for my daughter. She likes it
fits great
Fits my new Janome sewing machine perfectly and was a terrific price tag
Good value
This case works great.
Good carrying case
great
This is a well made container; feels solid and works very well.  I would recommend it to anyone who is looking to buy a Singer machine and wants something sturdy enough to carry it in.  I bought the Singer machine 4432 and it fit perfect in this carry case.
Very well made machine cover.  Great price for high quality.
"Lightweight and easy to hold and lock.  Wonder if they could put a ""lockdown"" mechanism inside to hold machine in place since it is big to hold numerous sizes."
Fits sewing machine perfectly.
very good
Great !!!
"Purchased to house Singer Sewing 4432, fits great with some extra space inside to store a few extra bits."
It is bigger than the machine
nice
perfect
instruction sheet and book did not give good or clear instructions
Great/ sturdy case fit my machine with room to spare!
EXCELLENT MATERIALS...
Fits the Singer 4423 Heavy Duty I recently bought here perfectly. Well constructed. Would purchase again
Sturdy plastic but nothing but a shell.  The 4432 fits easily but nothing holds it in place.  What they should do if they want this approach is build slide-in pieces fitted for each size machine and allowing storage of accessories. Now I have to waste my time returning it.
Good products. Packaging is as display on Internet. It's meant to be use by my wife so I can't comment on it functionality.
built cheaply... the rivets are loose and I just got it!
Great case! Although it's too big for my Singer Promise II. But totally understand that this is a UNIVERSAL case. I just took a couple blocks of gray polyurethane foam and hot-melted them into place. Now fits perfect and doesn't rattle around! Just wish they made a smaller version for the entry level machines.
"Great case to protect my machine and though it was a little expensive to me at the time, it's worth every penny. Very spacious, so if I happen to get a bigger machine, it will still work out."
excellent...exactly as expected in a timely man
Too big. No protection inside around sewing machine while transported.
Fits great!!
"Ordered this on 2/29 and rec'd it on 3/3 which is excellent since I'm in Hawaii where it takes a little longer to send or receive anything.  The case looks exactly like the picture.  It's sturdy and should protect the sewing machine from accidental bumping, the cat, the dog, the kids.  It doesn't weigh much which is great for portability.

I can't comment on the latches durability with the sewing machine inside until maybe next week when we actually get the machine, but it looks well made and solid."
Love my case.
I am very pleased with the carrying case for my machine.  It is sturdy & easy to handle.
Very sturdy
fits my Singer perfectly.
Fits just right. Great to have it when traveling with machine.
Quality case. Protects sewing machine... easy to carry and store.
love it
"Sturdy, well made box."
"Basic case protects machine and makes it easy to carry around the house if you don't leave it set up all the time.  However, there is no mechanism to secure the machine within the case, so if you use it in travels, I recommend putting some padding around the machine before closing the cover to ensure it does not move around inside the case."
fits my Brother machine very well. Good solid case! I travel in the car with it often.
"Seems to fit well. I hope the locks hold up well when carrying it, it's not very solid.  But it's not made exactly for this machine. It's a generic case, worth the $20.00"
"Sleek. Fits over the machine perfectly, latches soundly. What more can I say? It does the job it was intended for. Thank you Singer-- a respected name in my family since the 1950's"
Great and durable.  Happy with this purchase
Fits my sewing machine perfectly. Protects it very well. I can carry it by the handle and not worry about it coming apart and breaking my sewing machine.
Great carrying case. Well-made. Exactly what I needed for my sewing machine. I like it so much that I bought one for my mother.
"Just what I was looking for my new Singer Stylist 7258
Wish it came in different colors"
Okay
E
Good quality case to put any sewing machine in for clean storage.  No interior compartments just plenty of open space inside
"Singer Model 2662 fits well in this case with plenty of room for the pedal and cord and I'm sure my kit of sewing supplies which is about 2"" thick x 8"" long x 6"" wide would fit in there with more room for some material or other odds and ends. Nice product, just what I needed."
Good light weight case that holds machine perfectly.
Arrvd on time & well pkd. A giftbfor my grandgrl in Roanoke. She will keep her new singer machine in it. She says its great.
"Right fit, good quality, works"
Great case for my singer sewing machine. I ordered this with my Singer 5400 machine. Love both of them.
Finally have a place for my portable Singer...
Sturdy and perfect for multiple size machines
Fits perfectly.  Great way to protect our new Singer 7258.
fast delivery ... pleased with product
Usuful to keep it clean and safe and light weight so easy to carry around. it is plastic.
"I ordered this case to protect my new Singer sewing machine.  It is a perfect match.  Light weight, sturdy, and easy to carry. I am glad to say this is the right choice for my table top machine."
I love this item and very pleased with my purchase.
I love it n it's very nice n happy I decided to get it
Protects my machine from dust very well.
Fits my Singer Heavy Duty beautifully.  The latches seem secure and the grid on the floor of the case keeps the machine from sliding around.  It is a sturdy functional case with rounded corners.
"Very happy with this case. Added bonus, my kids could decorate it with markers."
its okay me machine keeps on moving around in there
thanks
purchased this as a gift for my daughter and she loves it!
Good
This will save on dust accumulation and destruction of my new sewing machine -- absolutely wonderful!
This product does what I need it to.  I bought it to  hold my new sewing machine when not in use.  It does exactly that!  Very pleased that there were no issues with it fitting my machine.
Thanks
"Although my Singer machine came with its own dust cover, I know this is worth the investment to keep my machine looking new for years to come.  Also, with a hard carry case, the machine stores easily on the floor of my guest closet, without worry of it's being kicked and damaged by mistake."
"good price, fits great with lots of extra room"
As advertised.
I didn't realize that all the sewing machine I bought does is sit inside of this case. It is slightly bigger than my machine so I will have to be careful when carrying it otherwise it will move from side to side. It feels sturdy but I was hoping that the sewing machine would clip to the bottom. It will keep my new machine dust free which is what I wanted it for.
Perfect fit for our Sewing Machine.  Now I can store it in the storage room without damaging the small parts.
Nice quality and very sturdy!  A must have if traveling with a sewing machine!
Very happy with this case. Holds all machine parts with ease
Bigger than I expected! Fits sewing machine and more! Great deal for the price.
Light and great to tote .  I got my sister a new sewing for Christmas and wanted a sturdy case.  This fills the bill.
I like this product.
Good
"My only real objection is the bright white color. I wish it were more muted. But the sewing machine fits and that's what matters. In the old days, though, the vase would have been part of the sewing machine."
Fits my Singer Sewing Machine perfectly! Exactly what it is intended for to keep stored and dust free!
Just what I needed.
This is a simple but effective way of storing the sewing machine
"Nice case. Very roomy inside.  Just wish the machine was a little more secure inside, should the case happen to get jostled or dropped. I'll probably add some padding just to appease my retentive side.  Latches seem to be decent, and secure.  Time will tell. So far, so good."
"excellent, it's just what I expected"
Great
Love this case fits perfect
Very nice!  Fits just right.  Light but durable.
way to large for singer sewing machine I'd ordered
"Worked well, fit sewing machine well. Used on a Viking."
The carrying case was great.  I also got a sewing machine from Amazon as a present.  The only thing I didn't like was that it came in the singer box.  There was no outer box.
Great quality and super price
Received. Great!
It was god quality
Excellent price
"So far, so good. The  carrying case for my new Singer Sewing machine seems a little big but it might be just right. The jury is still out. I have not yet used my machine or carrying case."
great price
To big but works if I leave my sewing machine in the foam
I bought this case for the sewing machine that I bought for my daughter for Christmas.  It is lightweight yet strong and will keep her machine dust-free and clean between uses.  It fits the machine perfectly and will allow her to take it place to place safely.
"Bought to go with SINGER 9960 when it arrived, the 9960 did not need it, so using it for the machine's foot and other sewing stuff."
"It is a waste of money since the sewing machine already comes with a case.  Did they disclose that at time of purchase...NO.  They actually made the recommendation that you get this case also.

Waste of money"
"Our sewing machine fits this case with a bit of extra room to spare.

I might add some sort of padding to keep the machine in place during transport so that it doesn't slide around on the inside.

We have another sewing machine that needs a case, so we're going to purchase another one."
Great fit for my machine. Arrived on time.
Bought as a gift package for my wife and she has had no issues with it.
Great case way better than other advertised for double the price
love it
"perfect fit.  also has room for my extension table, very sturdy"
"its solid and seems durable.
i have no issues with this protecting the sewing machine or transporting it."
"Just on time, Excellent purchase!!"
have to completely remove to use machine.
"It does what it is supposed to do but the fit on my machine is large and I probably would have looked for a more snug fit in person.  That said, your machine might fit better and it DOES fit so for the price, I cannot complain."
Excellent Seller and product!!
"I am returning this because it is too big to securely fit my Singer heavy duty model 4411 machine. There are no clips, no tie-downs, nothing to keep the machine from sliding around. However I am giving it 3 stars because it is a nice, well made case that will give years of service for the right machine (perhaps even your 4411 if all you want is to keep the dust off)."
"I write this review with a sadness. Why? Because this product is quite quality and would be a wonderful way to keep my serger protected. The case is made of thick and very firm plastic. I chose it specifically because of its flat top, which would have done a great job of holding my regular sewing machine. The latches were a pleasant surprise, with their little rings at the bottom for a small padlock or two. My serger is a Brother 1034D. It would have fit, if I'd been willing to have it skewed sideways and have the case bulging out at the sides. Heck, if my regular machine hadn't come with it's own hard cover, I'd have kept this case for it. Sadly, I must move on. This case is lovely and would be ok for most sewing machines. But keep looking, if you want something for a 1034D. :("
Great item.
I bought this to move my sewing machines across state lines.  I bought one for my Brother embroidery machine and bought a Singer universal traveling case for my Kenmore sewing machine and I'm glad that I bought both because my Kenmore sewing machine did not fit in the Singer box. I was able to fit my Brother embroidery machine in the Singer box and put my Kenmore machine in the Brother box. The difference being the brother box is larger than the singer universal box. I guess universal isn't universal after all.
This is perfect for keeping out dog hair (have two dogs that shed a lot!) and taking my sewing machine to class.  It has plenty of space for my presser foot and cords - plus some fabric when needed.
Fits perfect sturdy and easy to carry
"I bought this to help protect and carry the new Singer Talent ( model 3323S) sewing machine that I got for my wife. The machine fits nicely into the case and there is room to spare on all sides. Also, the case is quite sturdy and looks exactly as the photograph here on Amazon.
It did the trick!"
The product itself is quality but it did not fit the sewing machine that it was recommended for at the time of purchase.  We purchased the Singer One Easy-to-Use computerized sewing machine and the case is to small for both height and width.
"Don't Like The Color...But Then Again, It's Not For Me..."
"This is a fantastic case, stylish in a 1970's mod way.  My last sewing machine case was made by my father and fits my Singer Featherweight.  This nifty plastic case fits my new Singer, a heavyweight model that I bought as a floor model.  I saw the same case yesterday for 15 dollars more at a local big box retailer, so this is a great deal."
Excellent price
AWESOME A+
It's a perfect fit for my Singer sewing machine and the case it's self is solid with good strong Locking Side Snap Hinges. Thank you for advertising properly and honestly and shipping in good=quick time.
Provides good protection
Quality case. Works great for me.
"The best investment ever!  I love this case!  It is very sturdy and has a rubber bottom grip on the inside.  It's big enough to hold your sewing machine, foot pedal and some other small items.  I would love it even more if it came in other colors."
Very useful prevent damage and dust. Great for the price
Excellent!!
Works as expected. Good quality. I only wish there was a smaller version. My old sewing machine kind of flops around in there.
This a beautiful sewing machine case for my sewing machine. The hard case even has enough room for the foot pad and electric cord to be stored inside. I could not be happier with this product .
This sewing machine cover is a great addition for my machine.  I have a singer and a brother and this fits both of them.  Each of my machines have handles of their own but this cover keeps out dust and since it is light weight makes it very easy to transport them.  A good buy!
good product for the price
so happy
"I don't travel a lot, just wanted something to keep my sewing machine safe. Works great."
this case is wonderful and I like that I can leave my thread attached. Seems very sturdy and easy to move sewing machine around.  I now longer need to worry that my cat will eat my thread.
Bought this for a brother sewing machine fits amazing and am so happy i got such an amazing deal on it
Great carrier.  Clean design.  Works well to protect machine from dust and bumps.
"Holds my machine, scissors, cord, thread, and other incidentals with no problem. Machine stays clean and looking new, and it's so easy to carry from room to room (and store). Very sturdy construction. Handle is comfortable to carry, and latches are easy to operate and secure."
BEST THING FOR MY NEW SEWING MACHINE.
"Versatile case that fits most Singer models, and others. Plenty of room for other accessories as well. Easy to carry with sturdy handle and locking clips."
"This case fit my Babylock Molly with enough room for the manual, cord and attachment box too. I placed a piece of that rubbery shelf paper inside to prevent shifting in case."
Fits my Singer machine great and easy to carry. Light weight.
Thanks
"A really nice case.  Lots of room for the sewing machine, and lots of accessories."
Perfect
It fit my new singer sewing machine.  It was big but added a Styrofoam brick to ensure it didn't move while moving and storing. I really like the hard case
Bulky-- I bought it together with the small Singer 1304. The case is way too big for the machine. We decided to keep it anyway. Nothing fancy.
Love my machine.  Have used it many times and even my husband is teaching himself how to sew.
"I already had one of these - buying another is a positive review in itself! My machine was 2 1/2 inches too small to fit without moving about in the case - so I inserted a scrap of rigid foam insulation wrapped in packing tape. Worked like a charm. Case arrived well packaged, in good condition, and on time."
I am pleased with my purchase.  Thank you.
is quality and fit for my machine get extra space for my fabric too.
Perfect
"Perfect size for protecting my new sewing machine (Singer 4423) and holding a few extra accessories like my ""only for sewing"" scissors, the sewing machine instruction book, foot pedal, etc.  Really glad I ordered it - keeps it dust free and makes it so much easier to carry around."
Excellent product - very good delivery service.  Would highly recommend.
Can figure out how I managed without it.
The singer one plus only fits if you remove the large sewing section of the machine and store it elsewhere. Without that section though the machine fits nicely.
"Great, works well"
"Clean looking white. Sturdy housing. Not too heavy. Chrome latches seem strong. Fits my Brother XM3700 machine which is 12"" high. As another reviewer advised, I placed 4 hard foam blocks around base to make snug fit. Plenty of room for cord, peddle & more. I like a lot!"
I loved it very durable but lightweight.
Works great
Great machine! My wife really likes the easy use!
very useful
I keep my sewing machine in here whenever it is not in use. I love it.
Good accessory for Singer 4423.
Sturdy product.
"My daughter was given a Singer sewing machine for a gift last year and it did not come with a case.  This case fit perfectly and was big enough for the presser foot, power cord and other supplies.  The case is sturdy and the latches stay secured.  I would recommend to others."
Love it!
never had a case for my old machine ---but when I bought my new machine --Im sooooo glad I got this case ---really really love it !!!!!!  light weight & no dust on my new sewing machine -----
I have one and it work's really good got mine for goodwill and it stay together and the handle stay on too so I'm happy with the carrying case!!!!!!!!!:)
Love this carrying case!!!
"Good quality.  New Singer machine fits well, along with space for items you want to keep ""close"" to the machine.  Better closing/clamp than on older case."
Seems sturdy and it fits my daughter's Singer. I'm happy.
Very good product
Good product. Came as described. Would recommend it.
too big for to be standar......
What can I say. Its a case but it does fit just right.
Perfect size for the Singer Fashionista with room for the additional attachments and accessories that you would want to keep with your machine.
"It was exactly what I was looking for.  It did need help to stabilize the machine which was no problem.
Dot"
great
gift item
Love it and exactly what I wanted!!  LOVE!!!
Fit the machine perfectly
Good.
"Exactly what I expected, the plastic is heavier than I though it would be which is good.  Get one, you won't be disappointed."
"Review by Mrs Mara:
The Carrying case for my 2277 model Singer just arrived and I was happy to see that the machine fits into it perfectly, with toom to spare for the foot pedal, the manual for the machine and a couple of other small things. The case looks very sturdy and I'm not surprised that it's a best-seller! Another purchase that I'm thrilled with!"
Quite pleased with the carrying case and believe it will serve the purpose of protecting my sewing machine.
"Excellent seller!
Excellent product!
Excellent shipping!
Will purchase again."
perfect and lightweight
"Just what I needed. Fits my super-basic Singer machine from Target, with room for the machine, pedal, and parts box. There's extra space to stuff some other things in there, too, although I haven't."
"I like the quality of this case, but it is larger than it needs to be for my style of sewing machine."
"The Singer 4411 fits in this case with a little space around it.  Probably wouldn't want to ship the machine in it, but for general protection when not in use, it works fine."
Nothing beats singer products
"I bought this case for my daughter for her NEW Singer 4432. Its a little large, but I fixed the problem by wrapping a stuffed animal snake around the foundation of the sewing machine."
"Oh How I wish this came in other colors, but a nice design to protect my new Singer Machine!"
seems big for our model sewing machine but it keeps the dust off while it's in storage.
Perfect!
Love the case!
"Just right for any portable sewing machine and I especially like the fact that the handle lays down, letting you stack another case on top

thanks for a great sewing case."
"I bought one case for my daughter and one for me.......we are both very pleased with the case, everything I expected it to be.
It is a tiny bit big, but that gives a space for the cords and footpad."
Fits perfectly the 4432 Singer Heavy Duty machine.
BIEN
This case was really bigger than I was needing but it works okay to hold the sewing machine.
very nice and a good buy
Works just fine
Nice!
What can you say about a carrying case except it works.
Poor design/quality makung it useless for intended portability. The base separates from top due to weight of average sewing machine.
THANKS
A great case for the sewing machine
"This produce fit perfectly,  but the clasp on one side was improperly put on and is loose. The inside of the product also had thin pieces of metal on the bottom that looked life splinters. The outside of the product had black finger prints on it.  It will work... but I would not buy it again."
"a little too big for my janome 7318, but i'm only using it to store it while i'm not using it.  although my sewing machine is smaller than the case, when i add the foot pedal, it seems like a good fit :)"
Works
Nice fit for my machine
"It is a little big for my machine, but the quality is great and I love having it!"
Just what you would expect!!
"WOW this is a lot bigger than I thought it would be. My Singer Stylist swims in this case. That said, it does the job."
It's universal but this is fine for storage and transportation.
This is such a perfect cover to keep my machine from the dust.
Great buy...works very well
Excellent protection for the machine.  Could be smaller for my Singer 1304 Basic Everyday.
nice carrier
Very good product
Excelente
"I thought this item was made by glossy and light plastic material like the product picture saying. But I was really surprised that the plastic... it's not like plastic.. it's like cheap PVC material. and really heavy. I didn't expect this huge size... but well, Okay this is universal size. This isn't seem like case. It's like sewing machine's... strongbox. Last, I cannot believe the original retail price is 40$. Every edge's finish are horrible. I bought with cheaper price than that for sure but still I think it's expensive. I think Singer is not related with this product."
thanks
The is a Great Machine.
Very Nice
Hard plastic. Looks well. Good fit. I had looked at a different case prior to purchasing that had ridges in the outside of the case. I went with this one because it was smooth and wouldn't get full of dust.
Excellent case at an excellent price.
"It's perfect, what more can I say?"
No complaints.
Good price.
Like sewing machine
"Fits perfect for the machine, clean design and easy to carry"
I love this sewing machine! Works like a charm.
"My brother machine which is quite heavy, fit well with the cord and foot pedal but not sure how well it will last. The case is very lightweight and not all that sturdy. Time will tell. I had hoped to use one for my singer serger but it has a part that extends too far and does not fit the narrower area available in the carrier. I have not yet recieved the new machine I ordered so do not yet know if it will fit. If my brother as large as it is fits the new singer should too."
"i can't see the point of a sewing machine case where the machine is loose inside, returned"
Excelente!!!!
Seems to be adequate.
Great carrying case. It was a little bigger than I expected but now I can keep other sewing supplies in with my little sewing machine all together in this carrying/ storage case.
"This case is just adequate, nothing special. 99% injection-molded plastic, including the top handle unfortunately. Only the 2 side clips (at the base) are metal. Little or no reinforcing / stiffening elements inside.

Also, as a 1-size-fits-all case, while it will fit many sewing machines, none of them is held very securely inside because there is extra space on all sides & above the machine. If you want to keep the machine from moving around inside the case, you either have to pack fabric or foam around it, or be very careful not to tip the case sideways.

If you just want to protect your machine from dust and from impact by other items in storage, this is not a bad solution. If you want to travel regularly with your sewing machine I would look for another solution, I would not trust the plastic handle on this to last more than a few weeks if used daily."
Its great my Singer 5400 Mate fit in to it and i had room for the power plug and foot padels.
"Fits my Singer Curvy perfectly! Very sold construction. Good quality thick plastic. All over quality is wonderful. No complaints. If I could ask one improvement, but it would prob add a dollar or so to price would be to add a memory foam lining on the bottom. But the price of this and quality of this is excellent! I would buy again in a heartbeat!"
love it
It protects my daughters new sewing machine. I bought it specifically for her to protect her equipment.
Good case but I would not classify it as a hard pkastic
Good match
"This holds my sewing machine okay, but I have to put chunks of styrofoam on all sides of the machine or it just bangs around inside the case.  It should have come with some kind of adjustable soft packing to protect the machine.  It is obviously a ""one-size-fits-all"" case made for various Singer models."
love the versatility it gives me
Love this case!  It is very sturdy and fits my 1985 Kenmore sewing machine very well.
"Nice good quality case but it is too big for my Kenmore machine model 385.  It is okay as I only need it to store the machine, not to carry it around."
WELL MADE AND EXCELLENT PRICE.
works great.
Very good. Will accomadate a large machine.
Very Nice
Needed something for the sewing machine when it was not in use. This was perfect
This case is awesome and the price was great too. You never want to go without a case on your machine because the dust is very bad for them and the case prevents that from getting in them.
It's a nice light weight plastic cover to protect your singer sewing machine when not in use.
Beautiful case! Perfect for what I needed plus extra space when I put my sewing machine inside
My wife is really please with it.
"What can you say about a case for the sewing machine? Fits, works great and Amazon price can not be beat. Is sturdy, durable (will probably last a lifetime). Not heavy. Would buy again."
good product and fast shipping .. bye
"Great product.  Keeps machine clean when not in use, all sowing supplies always in one place, makes machine very mobile."
Fantastic sewing machine for the money.  I researched and found this one to be great.  My motivated 6th grader LOVES it and her sewing instructor says we bought a good one!!!
"Fits my White brand Jeans Machine.  Works great, easy to dust off, latches are sturdy and easy to open/close, case material is also very strong and not brittle."
Lots of room for sewing machine and foot pedal.
fit my girls machine great!
It works for my Singer sewing machine and isn't too bulky.
Fits my machine...
it's a box and it fits what else is there to say?
The case was received on time and in good condition. The machine fits nicely in the case.
Sturdy casing to protect the machine! It was definitely a deciding factor in my purchase.
Fits nicely
Great storage for my machine!
Great carrying case quite sturdy has the ability to keep the machine dusk free
A little big for my machine but good quality
Love this no brainier sewing machine I bought two. One for each home !
"great case, put everything in it and store away, no dust no accident"
"I use this case for both storage and transport of my various sewing machines. It fits my older Elna serger a bit snugly, but okay. And a regular sewing machine can fit in it with room to spare. Plus, if I store my sewing machine on the floor in this case, it is protected from dust and accidental bumps."
Perfect
good!!!
"Excellent, durable case."
I needed a portable case for my new Singer HD sewing machine. I can carry the manual and accessories in this case. works very nicely and seems to be high quality for the price. Easy to use and store.
"Wish a bit more secure.  This cover fits several models, so be careful when transporting, that your machine does not shuck back and forth."
Our machine fits well in this case.  Very well constructed and feels very durable.
I like this case because the sewing machine fits in it and there is room for cords and floor pedals.
"This case is much more substantial than I had anticipated!  It is heavier, the sides seem thicker and it holds a larger machine.  I have two other cases from days gone by and this one is far better!  I certainly recommend this case!"
Sturdy and my sewing machine fits great... perfect for my purposes.
"Great value, and great storage for my machine."
"Not very universal.
My singer 7258 Stylist Machine was way to small for the size of the Case"
"Totally decent case. I have a Sears portable machine, similar to a basic low-mid-end Singer. The case is a roomier than necessary, but it's a heck of a lot better than the pillowcase I'd been using for the previous half-decade. :) The bottom has a grid of ridges inside (tiny), though, so the machine stays wherever I place it. Gives me room to pack a few things around it, like a bobbin case and pincushion and snips and small stuff like that, so it's actually turning out to be pretty handy."
machine fits . even room for the book and foot peddle. love it
"The case is very sturdy, and the plastic is really thick. It's a little bigger than my sewing machine (I have the Singer Stylist 7258). I think there's about 2 inches, maybe less, on both sides, and about 3 inches from the top of extra space. It feels really strong and well made. The bottom of the case isn't flat and is slightly raised. Kind of hard to explain, I'll upload a picture when I have the chance. The case is a bit heavy though, and adds a lot of bulk when the machine is in it."
Gift was great!
Well made and good price.
"Bought this model from Walmart as it was cheaper ($22) at the time of this posting. It shows exactly as pictured in the stock photo here on Amazon. It was advertised with being able to fit most sewing and overlock machines.

It fits the following that I own:
Brother XR1355 + its table extender and accessories

It does NOT fit: (-1 star for this reason)
Brother Serger (Lock 1034D)"
"Arrived quickly, has extra room for foot pedal and cords. Very lightweight but tough."
Fine
"This is great! My machine fits perfectly inside with extra space for my bobbin case, pin cushion, etc. You can even lock the snaps with small locks if you'd like"
Good product and good price.
Nice case!
The Singer 2259 fits nicely.
"Very sturdy, clean-looking and fits my sewing machine perfectly.  Delivered as promised and am very happy with it.  Would recommend to others."
Not bad
Thank you.
"I have not had a chance to use the bobbins or the niddles,  i assume they are good."
Pretty much the perfect case for my Singer sewing machine.  Glad I got the case.
Everything was exception thanks
"The carrying case fits the SINGER 4423 Heavy Duty Sewing Machine I recently purchased with more than enough room to spare. My first time buying a carrying case...the old machine came complete with a sewing table.

This case is larger than I expected but that's fine since it fits the pedal and cords, and the user's manual perfectly. The dip in the top of the case makes it comfortable for my hand when holding the handle.

Excellent for keeping sewing machine dust-free.  A great buy. I would highly recommend this product."
"Great case , we have had it a few years now and it has done a great job of protecting our machine at home and on the road . Would buy another ."
Nice and lite!
safely store your macine
wife loved
"A much better quality than I expected.  Very heavy duty, but light to lift!"
Very simple and reliable
great case
I love this carrying case my machine fits perfectly in it and so easy to carry.
great
Lightweight and a good machine for a person who enjoys sewing for hobby.  Does well with thin to decorator weights of fabric.  Easy to use with  good directions included.
Very nice carrying case
fits my machine perfectly.
Great carrying case.  Light weight and the price was right.
too expensive for many things you'll never use
Great carry case for sewing machine.  Will fit other items in it as well.  Well wOrth the money.
This will fit my sewing machine or serger with their accessories. I would purchase another one!
It's perfect.
really like this fits my machine well
Does not fit the slide on piece for the Singer special edition.
Gift with sewing machine.  She loved it!
Very sturdy!
Gave the case to my daughter to go along with her Singer Sewing Machine Christmas present.  She is pleased.
I feel the sewing machine case is well made and should protect my machine very well.  The only negative comment I have is I feel the case is overly bulky.  My home is not large and storage space is limited.  I still give it five stars as I feel the quality offsets my negative comment.
This is a very durable & easy to use case for my Singer machine.  Makes it easy to transport my machine.
Glad I got this at the same time fits everything in it. Stores away nicely
It's ready to pack up my sewing machine and take it wherever I want to go!
Oh how gr8. Fits nicely inside. No problems at all!!
"Holds the new Singer machine well, with extra space to hold some extras like the owner manual, etc."
"My sewing machine fits in this case with some extra room for extra needles, scissors, thread, etc. not a heavy carrier at all. Nice buy."
As expected.
very good
"I was surprised to see that my husband, Christian, had ordered the sewing machine case, too.  (re your address to me?)  He has been deceased for 7 1/2 years.  The case was ordered by and delivered to me, Lois B. Jorgensen.

I have had my Kenmore portable sewing machine for almost ten years, and tried to get a case for it at Sears, butt they don't carry them anymore, nor do they sell the machines anymore, as far as I know.  That's the end of an era.

The case holds the machine just fine.  No more need for the original box it came in, anymore."
Love this for the singer machine
Makes it very easy to store my machine and keeps it clean.
"I had plenty of room for my Singer 2662, actually more room than it needed. It feels sturdy so far. I enjoyed the single handle for when I'm carrying several things, but it kind of makes me nervous in case it breaks. Having a second option for handles that were actually part of the molding would be nice for when thats the only thing I'm carrying, and it wouldn't make me worry that it might get away from me. It's done well so far, though!"
"Very sturdy and held up well for a summer-long tour. Great price, too!"
Perfect. Fits the sewing machine I bought for my daughter perfectly.
IT WAS A GIFT TO MY GIRL FRIEND. SHE LOVED IT
No Comment
Study case.
"Case works great, very sturdy!"
"I have two older Singer sewing machines (model 301) and needed a hard case to protect them when going to quilt class.  The machine sets in the base with plenty of room to spare all the way around the machine.  This leaves room for the controller, attachment box and free standing spool holder and the table mat I use with the machine.  I had previously tried to purchase an old original case for my sewing machine.... it was so stinky and musty we couldn't keep it in the house.  The Singer 611. BR will never have that problem.  I would strongly recommend this case for older machines.  For the newer models just check the measurements of your machine to insure it will fit in the case."
the machine is not secure inside the box.
It's not a size of the machine
very nice
fits my old singer perfectly
My Janome fits in this perfectly with some room for extra storage. It is very sturdy and just what I was looking for.
Quality was better than expected. It fits our Singer 5523 well.
Perfect!!!
The case works great and is a good fit and protects my machine.
product complies with the specifications
"Great, sturdy and strong"
"Got this for my wife, she loves it!  We got it on the amazon daily deal, so it was an excellent buy."
Well made. Use for my new Singer #7258
fits perfect
"Couldn't find a Singer case anywhere in the UK. Unbranded cases were much dearer than this one. Delivered to UK in 5 days. Perfect item, just what we wanted."
tough and heavy duty plastic but not so heavy. well built item
"I bought this case at the same time I bought my Singer One Plus sewing machine so I'd have a case for it. It's a nice case but it didn't even come close to fitting over my sewing machine, so I had to send it back. The case was fairly small and I would think it would only fit the most basic models of sewing machines. A lot of machines on the market today are computerized and a lot bigger than the basic models. I think they should change the description on this item to include which models it fits."
"Universal carrying cases aren't designed to snugly hold the machine, but the bottom isn't flat so it rocks around and makes me nervous every time I pack my machine away. The handle is comfortable though."
"My brother sewing machine fits in fine . I even put the pedal and cord and other stuff in it because there's enough room. It wiggles around in there but since my machine is cheap, I don't care."
This case is to be used completely separate from the sewing machine.  Unable to use the sewing machine while it's locked into the bottom of the case.  The entire case must be removed. Very inconvenient.
Just what I wanted!
Perfect
Item delivered as per order. I purchased it for Singer 3323 Talent. The Internal dimensions were as per Amazon Specification but length & width are slightly bigger for Singer 3323 Talent while height is OK.
It fits my singer well. It is as pictured and we'll constructed/sturdy.
no problem
My sewing machine fit perfectly.  Very sturdy and well made
My granddaughter loves her Brother machine.  11 years old and already sewing!
The case fits just fine and am ordering another for the other granddaughter.  very easy to use and can use the sewing machine by leaving it set in the bottom of the carrying case.  Very good construction.
Good Singer quality.  Seller shipped promptly.
thanks
Fits my Singer 7258 nicely.
nice carrying case and keeps dust out
"Perfect! I have a Singer Curve, fits perfectly and keeps dust out and cats off!! Lol...great deal, rugged, single packed so no puckies to pick up!! Get one!"
Fine
excelente
good
Seems like a well made machine.
Like it
Simple to use....good weight for mobility.  The light could be brighter.
works great
Nice case!
Great
GOOD
Good solid sewing machine
"Perfect Fit , And Plenty Of Room For Other Stuff"
"Perfect for my Singer 7258. It keeps my machine protected, clean and easy to carry."
It seems nice.  i decide to return it because I need something that easier to take to class.  This one I have to carry but it is great quality.
"I use this case for a Singer 7528 and it works very well.  It provides a sturdy outside protective plastic casing of the sewing machine that not only protects against potential damage (of course other than dropping the machine) and protects the machine from dust.  Inside the case is grid like pattern on the floor of the case that helps prevent the sewing machine from sliding around inside the case.  Although, you need to use common sense and not tip the case back and forth.  Your sewing machine is heavy and should be transported as level as possible.  Overall I really like this case, and I felt for the protection it was worth the price."
Now I can take my sewing machine to my daughters house
A strong case for protecting my new sewing machine from dust or damage in the closet.
good deal
Love it!  It does the job with room to spare!  I have my Heavy Duty Singer in it and it holds lots of doodads too!  Highly recommend!
"I purchased a new Singer Heavy Duty 4423 sewing machine and serger a few months ago and needed a cover. This one fit the bill for the sewing machine perfectly. The case is a bit large so I just kept the original styrofoam packaging for the  machine and foot paddle, which the case can accommodate quit easily. I do have another Singer Dual Sew 3400 with a removal case that only slides over the machine, placed it inside of this case and it also fit very well. I read all of the comments before making this purchased and found them very helpful, thanks to all of you fellow crafters , hobbyist and semtresses out there for leaving good suggestions (pro or con). I plan to get order another case very soon."
"Totally impressed with this case. The inside floor of the case measures approximately 17""x10"". Outside it's over 14"" high. Plenty of room for a most any size sewing machine and foot pedal. Very hard plastic, sturdy latches and a roomy carrying handle make this the perfect protection for traveling with a machine.  Happy with my purchase."
This case isn't anything fancy - a fairly heavy plastic but it is basically a shell of a case with nothing inside as side protectors to guard against the sliding of the sewing machine inside the case. I may try to use some bubble wrap inside when carrying the case & machine inside to protect the machine during transport.
ok
Fits my machine perfectly.
This carrying case is a super complement to the new Singer sewing machine I got my wife for Christmas.
Works great for my sewing machine to keep it safe. Protects it from dust.
very good
My Singer One doesn't fit. NOT universal. Need to return.
Great value & quick delivery!
Does not have any moving parts. It a plastic box!!!
Great case for my machine that I kept in the original box for so long. Now it has a forever home.
Carrying case was great. But it's not heavy enough to carry the machine. Good to keep the machine  covered.
It's what I have needed for some time.  Keeps the dust off my machine when not in use and is lightweight and well made.  Highly recommended.
It worked well for my needs.
Good product. Fast delivery. I will recommend it to my friends.
OK.
does the job. very sturdy so far. wish the handle was better with my hands. maybe add some rubber for soft gripping
"I bought this to use with a Singer 4423 Heavy Duty machine.  Machine fits. Nothing special. Part of a College Graduation gift for a Fashion Apparel Major, needed a case for the machine."
My wife loves it
Awesome
"Good product, good seller."
The Carrying Case is too big for my Singer Sewing Machine....therefore it does not fit snug.  Also the bottom of the case raises up in the middle....so the Machine wobbles back and forth when you carry it !
Comfortably holds my Singer 7258 with room for the pedal and power cord.  Sturdy.  Would by again.
The bottom was not level
It is Nger
This fits the Singer machine that I bought my wife.  I think it would work for other brands as well.  It looks like it wouldn't be limited to sewing machines either.
"This fits not only my sewing machine, but a few extras like the booklet, the cord and the foot pedal.  It's perfect."
I sent it back too bulky for the sewing machine.
Came in great shape.  Good product.  Delivered on time.  I'm happy to recommend it to anyone!
"It is big as most reviews state, however, I wanted a case that I could store my old heavy, metal sewing machine in and protect it from our dogs, dust and anything else. It's perfect! I can keep all the accessories in it along with the machine. I didn't really care for the stark white so I painted mine black with my logo on it.( I used spray paint) now it fits the decor and protects my machine.  urbansoule.com"
nice case for sewing machine
Good case
Was disappointed that a cover did not come with the sewing machine and needed to be purchased separately.  It fits tightly and does its job.
"I just expected it to be sturdier, but for the price I paid, I think it is spacious enough to hold my sewing machine and a small box of threads and bobbins."
Only one observation is that the side hasp is in the way to use my machine while in the bottom piece of this case.  I have to remove the machine.
Good solid light case with plenty of room inside. My Singer 7258 is relatively small though stays in place due to the grip at the base/floor of the interior case. Enough room to put in a few accessories such as the foot pedal and a few other pouches of sewing tools.
Returned this item was too large for the small sized sewing machine.
Much too big for the sewing machine. Very clumsy.
Bought this case for  The Singer 5532 Heavy Duty Sewing Machine.  It is very sturdy and roomy enough for all of the accessories and some extras.
Large and bulky. It serves its purpose but my Singer was slightly smaller and moved around in the case while I was holding it.
Use it still! Thank You!
"My old Singer sewing machine from 1967 is still going strong but the case had deteriorated, broken handle, so this looked good.  It's a little larger than my sewing machine and there is no way to attach it to the bottom piece like the original one that came with the machine.  But all that is okay with me, I just needed a good case to store the machine in.  This is perfect for that."
excelente
"This case is exactly what I needed and expected.
I got it for my Singer 4411 Heavy Duty machine, and it works great.
My only complaints are that because it's universal, it is a bit large for my machine and that since it's so utilitarian it isn't exactly exciting to look at. I'm definitely sewing a cover or something to make it less boring.
Otherwise, I would definitely recommend this case for anyone who needs to move their machine around, whether just to store it when not in use (like me) or to take it around for crafting nights, etc."
This machine case fits my singer portable machine fine. I can always depend on Amazon for quality products and fast service. Thank you.
just as expected!
Well made case. Sewing machine fits great!
The case is exactly what I was expecting and fits my Singer 4423 perfectly!
very comfortable!
"Singer 611. BR Universal Hard Carrying Case for Most Free-Arm Sewing Machines is a wonderful carrying case with storage for pins, scissors, etc. It is easy to carry."
"I use this to carry my sewing machine back and forth from sewing class, and also to store it in the closet.  It is large enough that you don't have to solve a puzzle to get the machine in there, but small enough that it does not have room to tip over.  The latches are sturdy so I'm not afraid of it breaking.  One quirk is that the lid only likes to fit one way, on mine anyway. You do have to get a good fit from the lid to the base before you latch it.  This got easier as I kept using it a lot, as if it ""broke in"".  I would recommend this case."
"I love this hard case! The only problem I have with it is my sewing machine is too large to fit inside with the ""table"" attached. I have the SINGER One Plus 221-Stitch Computerized Sewing Machine. Which has an extended work area.. So I just take the table off and store it in my sewing cabinet when I put my sewing machine in this case.  I have not found anything else my machine fits in, and this case with the handle makes transporting my sewing machine from place to place very easy!!!"
I like it. It fits so well and keeps my sewing machine clean.
every sewing machine needs a home
Pleased with quality.
It was larger than expected.
this is great  keep the sewing machine covered when not in use and i can keep all my additional sewing equip with machine.
machine fits great in it
It's great but not large enough for the whole machine. I have a singer.
Works great
Use with sewing machine.
Doesn't fit the Singer One Plus (yeah - I'll totally spend $300+ on the special case for that! NOT!) but if you take off the bit quilting attachment thingy (this is my wife's - I know nothing about sewing) it fits. Feels solid enough to lug around a 20lb sewing machine.
The case fits my machine perfectly and makes it very mobile.
Nice quality case.  Great protection for our singer
Fits my Janome Magnolia seeing machine perfectly. Good quality plastic and still lightweight.
Just what I had hoped for.  Great buy!
The latches are really secure. I was impressed with the quality. I bought it for my mother & she was extremely happy with it.
Nice case for a great price!
"I first bought a a ""Brother 5300 Universal Sewing Machine Carrying Case"" for my Brother HC1850 sewing machine. That case is far too large and my sewing machine slides around whenever the weight shifts.

This case, on the other hand, fits with little extra space around the base of the machine.  Nicely made, too."
The width & depth are slightly larger that stated leaving more room than I expected.  Good quality case.
Great product. I ordered a monogram sticker to add.
Bought as a gift. She was very pleased
Great product!
Love it!!
good
"Product fit as advertised and looks great, carries well."
love it
This holds my granddaughters machine.  It is light weight and easy to use.  It was a good price and just what I wanted.
Love it!
It scratched the sewing machine plastic with the internal metal parts but other than that fits very well
"New, in the box. Great delivery. It fit my wife's sewing machine like it was made for it. Wait, it's a Singer."
Never had a case before for my machine. Very happy with this. I carry with one hand on handle and the other supporting the bottom. The clasps on the side as of now are stiff and strong. I am hoping they stay that way. The plastic of the case seems strong  yet pliable and not brittle.  I purchased for the Singer Talent and it fits well with ample room for pedal and booklets.
"Singer universal case fit my sewing machine perfectly, and will it easier to transport and keep clean."
Great size for my brother machine. It is a little large but that give me room for stashing everything in it.
Great
Good sturdy case. I keep the Styrofoam from the box the sowing machine came in and took a little of of it so it would fit in the case that way the machine stays secure in the case and does not move around. I gave it a 4 because there nothing to secure the machine in side the case and there lots of room for it to move a round. I bought it to hold a singer CG590
daughter loved it
Looks very hard!!! good for Singer sewing
It's very spacious and durable !!
Just what I wanted to give m daughter for Christmas
Fits my machine great!
Never used/owned a case for my sewing machine. I needed a new machine so I decided to get a case to. This makes storage so easy I don't know why I didn't do this sooner. I love it and there is room for everything.
great
It's a sewing machine case.  What else is there to say?
bueno
Big but the price is right and this makes a nice case to put the sewing machine in.
Perfect fit for the Singer model 2259 machine i purchased. The case is sturdy and light weight.
Seems sturdy and all of our equipment fits.
"The case was purchase because we had no case for the sewing machine, that was given to Grandma. Now she's able to handle the machine better. PMorning B'ham Al"
Fit our Singer 8500 perfectly.
Good for use
easy to carry machine and to store other items used with sewing
"Fit machine well plus extra room for material, patterns or other needs."
Perfect size and easy to carry
Nice
Fits the Singer simple stitch perfectly.
works good
Much nicer than my old one .. It was bought as a gift. I may replace MY old one..
"Very good. Strong, secure. I love it."
the machine fits in it really good. glad to have a hard cover to protect the machine
Just as described.  Thank you...
Handy for carrying!
Fits machine perfectly.  Makes it a lot easier to carry machine to club house or just from bedroom to kitchen table.
"The case is a little bit bulky, but it allows you to put things in it to store the machine. The color is very strong and not too heavy."
Perfect.
Fit the Singer 2259 perfectly!
Went great with my girlfriends sewing machine.
Fits machine
Okay
buenisimo
This is a must buy item for the sewing machine I bought.
Provides sturdy security when moving expensive equipment.
I would not of purchased it had I known there was a cloth cover included with the purchase of machine
quality carrier and storage for my new singer machine a few other things tucked around the edges as well. serves its purpose well.
"Very speedy delivery for one, the case is so sturdy! Not at all what I had expected ( I did not think it was going to be ""this"" good for that price! So was pleasantly surprised when I discovered that this will make it for many more years to come! Good deal!"
"A+ transaction, fast and well packed shipping, condition as described. The picture does not show it by mine came w/ a nice, sturdy, fold down handle that seems solid and should last; as in not flimsy. Strong clamps holding the two parts together. A nice good quality case to protect my sewing machine; ours is a KENMORE which fits into it w/o a problem."
thank you
"I had thought I was ordering some thing that would fit the sewing machine I ordered at the same time.  The case is twice the size of the machine. Very bulky to store and the machine needs to have foam fitted around it so that it doesn't tip in the case when I pick it up and move. it.  It is not
large enough to hold sewing accessories, so the extra space is useless.  Not what I expected...although the case itself is nice, it just doesn't work
for this sewing machine."
very nice machine
"love this universal carrying case for my new singer machine, easy to open with the levers on either side of case. Lightweight enough once machine is inside. Also, you can store scissors, tape measure, thread, needles, etc. (inside the case alongside machine, enough room)"
GOOD FOR STORAGE
fast
perfect
"The advertisement stated it would fit the machine I have which is a new One Plus (1+).  It will not fit with the extension that comes on the machine.  I will be using the machine with the extension most the time so this carrying case is not going to work for me.  It is a nice sturdy, well made case but, it is for a basic, traditional sewing machine.  It is not made for the machines with extensions for quilting and embroidery.  It arrived in new condition and in a timely manner.  I gave it a rating of 3 stars mostly because of the advertising which lead me to believe it would fit my machine.  I would buy it for a basic sewing machine.  It is a great storage case to keep your machine safe and clean, and for traveling with your machine.  I will probably be returning this case or looking for another home for it, since I can't use it."
Very sturdy case.
Met my expectations.
"great transaction, no issues"
Great quality!!
Fits well.
Reviewed one that looked used and had a strong perfumey odor. Had to return it.
Does not fit the designer machines at all.
this was a gift
good seller. recommended
My mom loves the machine.
love it
This worked great for my daughter.  Durable.
"Well made, very nice"
The case came within the designated two days.  I was very pleased to see that the case is constructed of a hard and durable plastic  which is much better than the plastic bag of a cover sent with the sewing machine.  My machine is a little smaller than the case; that is okay as it allows me to store a couple of essentials with my machine.
"This case is lightweight but sturdy, and holds not only the machine, but the detachable arm, bobbin case and a little bag of machine accessories. Perfect for my needs!"
Very happy with our purchase!
"Pretty good case, just wished it was any color but white. But was what I was looking for"
"Fast Delivery, product just as described, very satisfied."
This will be great for the sewing machine I just purchased.
works great
Way too big for the my Elna 220 but I needed something yo store it in. Very bulky case and the handle kind of hurts my hand too.
I was hesitant about ordering this case but when it came it is durable and fits my Singer 7258 perfect with room for the foot pedal beside it
work well for what it was made
This case fits my machine like a glove.  I love it.
"It says it is a universal carry case, but it is too big for my Singer sewing machine it said it was compatible with. There's nothing to keep it from banging around like my old singer case."
"Well made, solid, good price and made in the USA."
"I ordered this case for my wife's singer tradition sewing machine, it arrived quickly, her machine and power cord fit with room to spare. The bottom part is very sturdy. The 2 metal clips appear be be sturdy with the option to place locks if needed. Great price, nicely made product. It will do a much better job than the card board box the machine came in."
I was very pleased with this case which is a better one than  I received with my more expensive machine.  I love it!
A little bulky but very sturdy. It should keep my machine in good shape.
"Great product, best price around!"
"item was as described, good price and fast shipment"
I now own two of these cases and find them ample storage for most sewing machines. It makes it easier to carry my sewing machines to other locations and allows room for my sewing notions as well.
Great product1
Great+++++
Excellent product. You receive what you expect. Very well packed as to avoid damages while in transit.
FANTASTIC CASE... works great with my new machine!
This case is excellent!!
good!
"Too flimsy, a hard case is something that would be made by Pelican."
Sturdy carrying case and easy to attach to sewing machine.
Sturdy and not bulky...exactly what I was expecting.
"Perfect fit, I LOVE IT!"
Looks just like picture. Fits singer machine well. No problem. Secure n ez to use n carry. Only thing I didn't like was style--pretty plain.
very durable and fits my machine with a little room to spare
"This is the biggest piece of crap I have ever gotten off of here. I opened the package and 5 minutes later returned it. the handle doesnt look like this picture does it looked like it was inverted...I didn't see any singer branding on this either. I don't believe this is Singer product. Anyway, its pretty thin in the plastic department too....the bottom was beveled....I just wasn't going to pay for something that looked like that.."
Works great at a good price
More easy to store my Singer sewing machine. Strong easy to carry so for me it's a must to protect your sewing machine
"Bought as a gift for an avid sewer. It is quiet thick and protects their machine very well.

Holds weight of machine but not too heavy on its own.

Very satisfied to hear their satisfaction so it makes for something worth giving!"
Perfect for the Singer I bought for my spouse... she squeeed with joy!
I got this case for my wife so she could carry around her new sewing machine. It is very functional and useful.
Works great for when I go out of town and take my machine with me.
Seems sturdy enough and machine fits well.
Great Product!
This works grate for the sewing machine.
Great ...my sewing machine cords and extension cord fit in it perfectly.  Arrived very timely within a couple of days.
"Will keep dust off of the sewing, instead. It seems to be sturdy."
good
Good case but I wish it was a little more durable.  Will work terrific keeping dust and dirt out of my new machine. A good buy for the money!
It is just as I thought it would be.  I am very pleased with it.
Perfect fit!  100%
Needed it nn
"This carry case fit my old kenmore sewing machine just fine.  I checked it against my old singer over-lock and it worked fine for that as well.  I'm a bit concerned the handle wouldn't  last very long if i needed to move the case around a lot.  Overall, for the price, it's a good value."
Well built.
My Singer fits!
Love this case! Easy to travel have when traveling and sewing!
"I gave this to my daughter, she reports her Brother's sewing machine fits perfectly with plenty of room for her sewing accessories."
Good
fits the machine perfectly
"I ordered this product and I was skeptical about this product.  But, it fits my singer machine perfectly.  I'm satisfy with this product."
This fit my machine great and even had some spare room. Stored with no problems!
Machine fits perfectly in case
This cover works as advertised  for my wife's machine.
"My wife could not get a hard carrying case in the UK, not even from Singer direct so she is delighted with this purchase from the US. It arrived from Amazon before expected and the product is recommended to anybody that is not happy with the totally inadequate flimsy dust cover that came with the machine."
"Sturdy, roomy, protects well. Mine has enough room for a 1990s Singer mechanical machine plus a full size iron. I wouldn't put it through air cargo, but it is definitely great for storing the machine at home, especially if you are in a humid area and don't want to put a tea cozy on your machine."
This was the case listed for my model but it's ill-fitting. I have to shove it around to get the pedal and everything to fit but then there is extra space and it will slide in transport.
Nice case... just didn't work for my wife's sewing machine (too small).  Return was easy though and if they come out with a larger case I'll buy one.
This product is lightweight and still pretty sturdy. Should work fine.
Looks and feels durable.
I am very happy with my purchase
As always great service and product!!
Does not fit the Singer One due to extended work surface of this model.
Light but sturdy
Good case. Closes securely. Fits my Brother machine and Singer. Keeps the dust  bunnies away and keeps sewing problems to a minimum in the future.
Very convenient carrying case.
Sturdy cover.
Exactly what I needed.  Hard cover without a lot of weight.  My foot pedal and manual fit into it just fine.  Highly recommend it!
Perfect to be protected my sewing machine
"BUY IT FOR MY AUNT AND MUCH YOU LIKE THE PRODUCT
I RECOMMEND IT IS VERY TIMELY AND THANK YOU CARDS"
"I returned this item, not because there was anything wrong with it but because it really isn't needed and just makes the machine take up more room. If you don't have a perfect place in your linen closet for your machine when you are not using it, then this item is fine."
LOve it
This case will work well for smaller machines.  It is too small for the Singer One machine that i recently purchased.  Instead I used it to replace the hard case that I had been using with my old machine.  Compaired to the old case this one is much better.  It has metal latches that lock securely and a comfortable handle on the top..
Got this for my wife's old Pfaff.  The case on that one was cheaply made and broken.  This one fits perfectly and seem quite sturdy.
A++++++++
"Fits my smaller Singer machine with room to spare. I have the foot pedal, and spool adapters sitting on one side, and some spare needles, and parts on the other and I STILL have some room. I wouldn't recommend this if you are looking for a very secure storage case however, as the plastic is thick enough for occasional use, but not for constant carrying and moving. The buckles on the side of the case hold it shut, and I can hold just the handle on top and the case stays closed. I'm not sure I would ever carry it that way, but it does the job. I mainly bought this to keep my toddler off of my machine before she ended up hurting herself - she is obsessed with the foot, she watches me using it and probably thinks it's a toy. This case keeps her out, dust and dirt out, and keeps my machine in tact and organized. I highly recommend it for those reasons - but again, if you are using it everyday then maybe go for something more sturdy. At this price, the average sewer can't lose with this case."
fits the machine nicely
"exactly as stated, great for being able to go anywhere, great price"
NICE CASE!
Easy to use
"Exactly as described, fast shipping."
good
I love it!!!!
". It suits my purpose exceptionally well. Fits my machine and is sturdy.  I am just not happy that I was not refunded the charge for VAT since it was below Irish VAT cap and I never got any VAT receipt, the rating will be changed if someone answers my concern satisfactorily."
Great sewing machine and an excellent price.  Very easy to use with excellent directions
"machine doesn't fit so well, will have to completely remove machine from case to use it, not like the golden oldie models that sat in the bottom sturdy and all you had to do when u were finished with it was cover and lock down the clamps, my machine wobbles in the bottom portion of the case"
Strong carrying case!
ok.
Not sturdy.
"Nice
Thanks"
"I'm sure I will love this sewing machine, I didn't see it yet but positive I will surely use it, I'm in Maine with my summer job, I will see it end of September..
Thank you ,maybe you can send me an email first week of October so that I will tell you more.
Thank you"
In a word - Does what it's supposed to do.
Sewing machine fit perfectly.
Love it esp. the self threading tool
No way to lock machine down inside. I already bought something else.
keeps my machine dust free and safe when I have to  haul it around to my quilting classes
Large enough to hold a few supplies and keeps the dust off the machine....very important for good maintenance. Good price. Sturdy construction.
"The carrying case is good for the money and is pretty big to fit tons of different brands of sewing machines in it. I only wish it had some form of foam or bumper protection like other cases to prevent the sewing machine from rattling inside the case during the transportation. Otherwise, it is great, no complaints, way better protection than a thin cloth that came with the sewing machine. I will probably make some kind of straps on the bottom part to secure the machine inside the case and to prevent any movement."
its sturdy made.
Very nice case and will work for a lot of different size sewing machines with room for some accessories. Would recommend
Light and easy to carry
VERY GOOD
"This is too big for my sewing machine, but it does offer protection from dust and drops."
to big for the machine. it was moving around the case when you carry it.
Fits my Singer Promise II perfectly.  With room to spare for the foot pedal.
Excelen
"I have to send it back.  The machine fits if I take off the extension that makes the surface flat, but I dont' want to take it off for fear of losing it if it's separated.  Bummer!  I love it other than that!"
Light enough to carry if one is a member of a sewing circle for charity work.-0
Fits perfectly & good quality!
Perfect fit.  Well made.
Nice to have as s sturdy dust cover that won't ding and dent plus travels well.
Fits the heavy duty singer I bought nicely
"This case fits my Jamome Magnolia 7318 perfectly.  Great sturdy case that closes well, and has a handle for easy carrying."
Arrived as expected
"Seems a bit flimsy, (thin plastic) but it shipped nice and works fine."
"nice product, great fit"
Would have preferred a solid bottom.
Nice product and was as described
Beatiful case fit and looks good too.
my sewing machine fit in it. Pretty sturdy and excellent price. Could not have hoped for anything else.
Great case for the price....new machine fits perfect.
Good!
Perfect!
Thread it's old and not of good quality.
"It's a case, it does it's job."
The carrying case is just what I was looking for.  Thanks Singer for making a case that fit my older singer machine that my mom had given to me....
Good
fits well thanks ands price is good
Excelent
Good quality  and sturdy.
"It does what it's supposed to do.  It covers the machine nicely, opens easily!"
bought for my son. he is away at college and is involved in a role playing games and he does all his on outfits. he says it works great and is easy to use
"Got this for a lower end Janome that came without a case.  Had first bought one of those darling fabric cases with flowers all over it. But it offered no protection what so ever for the machine. Just didn't make sense. While this case is universal, we plan to use either some of the packing foam that came with the machine and glue it around the corners, so the machine does not slip and slide when carried, or maybe use some florist foam I bought at the dollar store for the same purpose. Really nice case. It is smaller than the comparable Brother case, but our machine is smaller."
bien
Excellent quality and great value for money
"the carrying case is great! its light but also large enough for a lot of other things you might want to store. like in case you need to stop sewing all of a sudden, you can store your small sewing project in your case with your machine! (a blouse, a thin dress, a pair of shorts, small things ) I love it!"
"This item is cheap and flimsy. The bottom of the case was so warped that it would not sit flat on a table. Putting my wife's sewing machine inside did not help, it still wobbled around. In addition, there is nothing to secure the sewing machine inside the case, which turned out to be much bigger than the machine (a Singer Prelude 8280). Returning this item."
"Really not quality built, not even for $21.00.  Latches are poor, wife felt it would not hold the weight of machine.  The bottom is bowed out not letting cas sit flat.  We Returned It"
Nice equipment at a nice price I really got this as a bundle so the hard cover really was a nice bonus
"Sturdy and protective. Fits machine, cords, foot, and other items with ease. This case is high quality at a reasonable price."
"My machine fits in it nicely.  you can put other things in it too that go with the machine.  I have wanted one of these for a long, long time.....now I am happy."
very nice case and made good. It fits the Brothers sewing machine that I recently bought. Very pleased with purchase.
Based on the price I shouldn't have expected much.  But it stopped working and jammed with the second time I went to use it and I couldn't get it to work after multiple attempts to unjam and fix it.  It went into the trash.
"I bought this case just before we moved across the country. I wanted something to protect my Singer sewing machine while we were on the road. This fit the bill perfectly. My sewing machine arrived at our new home safe and sound. The only thing I didn't like was that my machine didn't seem to sit level on the bottom piece of the case. I added a scrap piece of fleece between the two, and that fixed the problem."
Bought it for storing my Singer Serger.  At first I didn't think it would accommodate the unit but I just had to remove the storage and place it along side.  Fits perfectly and makes transporting a breeze.
"Perfect except you have to completely remove the machine before using it, meaning you can't leave it in the base and simply cover it with the top."
exactly what i needed. fits perfectly wit my singer. was worried that it wouldnt but it does so thank you!
"It will serve my needs. Clean lines, easy to use, light weight. It will be easy to keep clean and to keep my machine clean."
Use it to store the Singer 7258 machine.  The case also has room for some small sewing tools & attachments.
"Bought two of them. A little larger than necessary for my Singer/Kenmore machines, so that I can only store one machine where I used to store two. Would be nice if the cases could be stacked. A little flimsier than I would like. Does what I wanted, i.e., keep dust and lint off the machines better than my previous flexible plastic covers and making the machines more easily portable so that I was, for ex., able to take my Singer to work where I have lots of table space to lay stuff out. Good value for the price. Five star perfection would probably require prohibitive ratail prices."
Fits my singer curvy from 2009. happy with it. good material. Has space for the cords. not too bulky. would recommend
My daughter bought me a new Singer Sewing Machine that did not come with a case. It has lots of room for some accessories and is heavy plastic. Good Case.
I purchased this case for my brother sewing machine...it does what it's supposed to do--make it easier to carry the sewing machine from place to place.  It's light weight and all the pieces of my machine fit easily in the carrier.  Good product. Great price.  I looked at several stores in person and online and this was the best price going.
"My last sewing machine fell and broke, so I was determined to protect my new one.  Even after making a covered foam pad, my sewing machine fits perfectly and securely.  Glad this was available."
this will work perfect for storing dust free and carrying to my next sewing or quilting classes..come rain or shine
"this is a very beautiful cover but it look that it is not strong ,i have placed my heavy duty machine inside to save my machine from damage,I appreciate Amazon to guide me to have nice addition for sewing curtains and other heavy materials,I have shown this machine to my sister she liked it wanted to make herself use I said ,when you want this I will order for you .thank you once again. Abeda"
If you have little kids that like to play with buttons or you don't like to keep it out it's a great product to store your sewing machine
"We needed a way to haul a sewing machine to FL for a wedding.  This was inexpensive and worked to keep the machine safe.  Its not like an bulletproof case for sewing machines but we were able to pile luggage on it and it held up well.  I has some velco straps in the bottom to keep it from moving around that worked, but I would trust them with rough use."
"I needed something to carry my sewing machine, singer stylist, this case works great! Latches easily and I can carry it wherever I go. I also keep it in this case when I don't use it!!! I love it:)"
"The sewing machine case is compact, light weight and easy to store.  I will recommend this product to  friends & family."
"I love my sewing case it makes carrying the sewing machine better.  It is very light, and compatible, nice texture, and nice color."
Great cover enough room to put in the machine and still left over room to add all my accessory inside
"This is a very nice machine for occasional sewing. I mostly alter and repair.
Pros: It's easy to thread and adjust. It comes with excellent documentation, which I really appreciated because I hadn't had a sewing machine in years. I bought a case for it as well, which I recommend if, like me, you don't use a machine a lot. There's lots of decorative stitches and they all work.
Cons:The bobbin is a bit fiddly to get thread ""picked up"" by the needle in order to start sewing and the pressure foot lift is in a very awkward place (you have to put your hand through the arm to lift it). It struggles with thick layers like pant seams. And, like most appliances these days, the cord is too short! But, if you don't need to sew canvas or a lot of stretch garments, it will do the job for you."
I have had several machines but never got the carrier for them and it was hard to put away in a place that they would not get dust or be banged up. This carrier did the trick!
"The 611. BR carrying case is a nice product - lightweight and sturdy - but my Singer Plus One machine doesn't fit in it (even when I remove the drawer from the end).  I would recommend the case to anyone who has a ""regular size"" machine."
I bought this case to protect my singer and it works great. It is roomy and completely protects my sewing machine.
"It has a lot of extra space to store sewing essentials, lightweight and easy to manipulate, compact and easy to store."
this works really well for my new Singer machine. Lots of room for also storing the footpedal and wires. Great!
Have not had trouble with it I use it am happy I finally got a sweing machine I wanted one for so long
"My vintage machine fits nicely along with the power cord and instruction book.
I would have liked a sturdier latch only because the machine is pretty heavy.  I have learned to be careful when lifting by the handle just in case it should snap.  Has not yet.  Much nicer than the stained carrier that came with the machine.  My mother in law gave me the machine and I love the machine, the case was old and stained.
This case I believe is designed for the newer light weight portable machines which don't weigh much."
My Singer 7258 Stylist sewing machine fit perfectly in this case covering all sides and making it easy to carry for transport if needed. Good quality case and latches.
I bought this for my wife's Husqvara sewing machine.  It fits nicely and is very durable in design.  I would recommend this case for anyone looking to protect a nice sewing machine.
I was hesitant to buy this whether it's heavy or not. but it's a very good case compared to other brands. easy grip and carry. awesome and great deal too.  highly recommended
"I bought a new sewing machine that did not come with a case.  This case was about 1/3 the price of the Universal Case made by My machine Maker.  Even though it is a Singer Case, it doesn't have the brand mark all over it, so it works great for other brands.  It was a tiny bit large for my machine but I was able to make a foam cushion for the slack and it is large enough for extra accessories.  I'm quite happy with this case."
I sent back three of these because it wasn't assembled properly and parts were missing. This could have resulted in dropping the machine on the floor.
Cheaply made and does not fit sewing machine snuggly enough to protect it from banging around inside of it. Waste.
"I bought this case to house a birthday present sewing machine for my mom, but I've had a case like this of my own for years now. They're very durable."
"Although this took longer to receive than I expected, it arrived in good condition.  Fits my Singer Scholastic model fine and not too heavy either, as the machine by itself is light weight. A selling point as I age and desire lighter weight objects."
I love how my sewing machine fit so nice in it .very easy to carry around now .Thank you very much .I like amazon.com
I choose this rating because the carrying case doesn't have any foam inside to support the Sewing Machine. The sewing machine do not stable in side the case
My daughter takes a sewing class at our co-op and this is such a great purchase that ensures she keeps everything together. Nice solid case and each to carry.
After I got my One Plus machine I thought I would get a case. This was listed as being ordered with the machine so I got it. I should have actually measured the machine because this is way too small. But it's a perfectly nice case.
"I bought this as a replacement for the Brother Universal Case because the handle broke after about 5 months.  This one is smaller and fits my sewing machine (Brother XR1355 just right with some room for my supplies.  The plastic and shape is better than the Brother Case.  As of now, I would recommend this Singer over the Brother case."
This is a nice case for the sewing machine and it was very reasonably priced. I'm glad that I purchased it at the same time as the machine.
Does the job. No complaints except maybe should feel a little sturdier and padding on the inside would be fierce
"Great to have for carring your machine to class. It is a little large for my sewing machine; you may want to check your measurements. It is a must  buy for the price, and I can always use the extra space for my fabric project."
"The case is nice fits my old sewing machine perfectly, but don't expected it to fit all sewing machines. I does NOT fit the Singer ONE! Even taking the caddy off, the handle is still to tall for it.
But I kept it for my older machine and I can keep everything together, it is a very nice case!"
Not quite as sturdy as I would have like but serves it purpose nonetheless.  Would have preferred the plastic to have been thicker.
I have seen this case before they have held up well. Would buy again for the next machine. Well made product.
"This case is as described.  It is used to store my kenmore sewing machine.  There is room for the cord/pedal.  I didn't need anything fancy with wheels.  Just something to protect, store,  and carry.  The handle is molded and the locks are sufficient.  I would purchase again."
It doesn't fit my machine so I give it a one sorry my machine is taller than tote thank you Marilyn Tennant
Case is as advertised and fits my machine. The price is economical and storing case is very convenient and not unsightly.
"the wife tryed it out. she says that it,s not as heavy duty as it could be but it will work for her sewing needs. I,m not sure if it will meet my expectation, i haven,t put it to the test yet. but the price and the name brand was right. so i guess we,re both happy with it."
"I bought this to go along with my ""SINGER 7469Q Confidence Quilter Computerized Sewing and Quilting Machine,"" also purchased here on Amazon.  They fit together like a hand in a glove!  Very sturdy and well-built of good thick plastic.  A must have if your machine doesn't come with a case of its own."
"Lightweight for a carrying case, it is easy to install sewing machine into this case- even has extra room for sewing!"
"This item is very nice. I left my sewing machine in the attic after a long time away from home, exactly 11 months, and the plastic did not yellow."
"Sturdy hard plastic, with easy to use latches, and a good solid handle. I will definitely feel a lot better about taking my sewing machine out of the house with this case to protect it."
"product  is great my singer sewing machine fit in it great with a little extra room for the foot petal, and offers great protection so nothing happens to the sewing machine."
"I am very pleased with this case, as it is very sturdy & locks nice and tight. I would highly recommend it to anyone who is looking to protect their sewing investment whenever it is stored. :-)"
This is a good price for a sturdy carrier and cover for the sewing machine I purchase before. I'm glad to have it at this price.
"My Singer sewing machine fits nicely in this box for easy storage. If I need to take it with me, it also travels nicely."
I love my new Singer 611. BR hard carrying case that I bought for my Singer 4411 Heavy Duty Sewing Machine.  Its not heavy but sturdy enough to take with me.
"Works ok , but made of cheap plastic.
Original case that came with my sewing machine is better.
We will keep it as  a backup case."
"Again, the carrying/storage case was a great accessory.  So glad I ordered it;  it's a perfect fit and very easy to use. Great value."
"This carrying case is very spacious, I have a Singer 4423 and it still has room inside. So If you have a standard to large sewing machine this will be perfect. The only downside because it is spacious you will need to add something for padding (like foam) to fill in the empty space to make your machine a little more secure if you are mobile. Otherwise, if your using it to store in your home it's great!"
"If you get the machine, the carry case is a no brainer to protect it, especially if you are only an occasional sewer.  I needed to make it ""grandkids"" proof."
"I bought this for a SINGER 4423 Heavy Duty Model Sewing Machine With Metal Interior.  The price was right and when it arrived, on time for Christmas the machine fit snug as a bug."
"I bought a new Singer sewing machine and I was giving my older sewing machine with it's separate case to my son in another state. This new case latches well but is much roomier that my previous case. The machine sits down into the well of the case instead of up higher, so to use the sewing machine, I may have to take it out of the case. Not a big deal. It keeps the machine inside, along with the new instruction book, and a few extras. So far, I have little to criticize concerning this case."
"This is just the best one I could find that I could afford.  The price matched the quality.  It is simply molded plastic with metal clasps at the base and has a molded plastic handle to carry it by.  Strictly the basics, no frills or style.  It will protect a machine and keep it free of dust."
"Everything as expected. I would recommend to friends. I am glad I ordered it.
Thank You Very Much! :-) ..."
The carrying case was a good fit for my sewing machine. I like it. I scored a good deal on it and am very happy with the purchase.
"As many reviews stated, it's a bit big for our Singer.  Since we still had the original styrofoam packaging for the sewing machine, I took it out and cut off the bottom 3 or 4 inches and put it into the base of the case.  It keeps the machine from moving around in the case, and is easy enough for my 10 year old daughter to take it in and out at her sewing class.  A great compromise for the price."
"Its sturdy, self locking, and light. That's all you need for a starting seamstress. Good investment to protect your investment."
I wanted the carrying case so I could keep the new sewing machine free from dust and dirt when not using it.  Plus it makes it easier to move the machine from place to place.
This case fits my sewing machine perfectly.  There is plenty of room to include the foot control and the owner's manual.  Nice and light.
If you need someplace to store your sewing machine this is the one item you really need.  It will fit most of the portables that Singe Makes.  Item came packed along with the sewing machine.  Kudos to Amazon packaging team.  I would recommend this seller to everyone.
"A no-frills solution, this generic case fits my machine and closes securely. No complaints, but no accolades as well. Would buy again."
I have a similar case from years ago. This one is very light and cheaply made. There is no comparison between two. I am very disappointed.
The case was ordered along with the matching sewing machine. It protects and also is easy to carry. I expect it to last.
"I really like my carrying case.  Because of having to store my machine in a closet, this is a great way to store it.  It's easy to handle and there's enough room in the case for additional things I like to keep with my sewing machine."
"I ordered this with my sewing machine, it is really nice and my machine fits in it good. it's not a cheap looking one I really like it."
I needed something to put my sewing machine in and my daughter suggested that I purchase this and I am very glad that I did.
Nice product. Great for an universal case.  I would recommend this product again.  Sole yet very sturdy and easy to carry.
"Works well for taking to classes, is not heavy .It  also keeps dust and dirt off the machine.  I really like it."
"This is a sturdy plastic, very well made, and an overall great product. Happy that I bought it. Fits my singer perfectly"
this was a really good deal for me. Fits my singer sewing machine just perfectly. Always wanted one and now I have one to keep the dust off my sewing machine. I would definitely recommend getting one if you don't have one. The price was great and so was the delivery.
Fit my White sewing machine perfect!  Durable and so glad my sewing machine is protected from hands that like to turn dials!! Yikes!!
It fits my new machine perfect. Very durable.  Even has room for manuals and misc items like scissors and all.
"I had kept my sewing machine in the box it originally came in for many many years.  I decided it was time to get a case and choose this one. It fit my machine just fine, with room for the foot pedal and cords too."
I love it. It has been very useful. I use it on a daily basis. Idk what else to say
"It seems reasonably rugged and capacious, but that capaciousness might for some machines be as much a curse as a blessing.  In particular, there is nothing to keep my sewing machine, a pretty standard-sized Singer 7258, from sliding and banging around quite a bit inside the case when I travel with it.  That said, if one is intending the case just to protect the machine in a crowded closet or basement, it works great."
"It's a simple no-nonsense compartment for your singer sewing machine. Nothing fancy, but a handy thing to keep your machine in."
"It's a perfectly nice product but we couldn't use it. Our new machine wouldn't fit, but this case is light and accessible."
"This case fits the singer just fine, it feels a little hollow and cheap, but seems to hold up.  Mine is now over two years old and it has no issues.  It gets 4 stars rather than 5 just because it feels cheap, no problems with it."
"I love this thing it is very well made heavy duty good strong plastic, color is as seen in picture, very attractive, nice surface texture, roomy the claps keeping it closed are silid steel, nice handle. It is easy to lift and carry, machine efforlessly goes in and comes out of it, and it is way nicer then one I had yeas ago because that one was a bit snug making it harder to get the presser foot etc into it

Measurements

Height 13 inches

Width 18 inches wide

Depth/front to back 9 1/2 inches"
The case is great. for storing it and keeps it clean. Can be stored anywhere without the worry of it getting damaged.
It is a bonus that there is room enough to include the foot pedal and instruction manual in the case with the machine.
THAT IS A PERFECT CASE FOR THE MACHINE. IT MAKES IT VERY EASY TO CARRY AND GIVES IT PROTECTION FROM DEW.
My 169 singer fits in it for transportation when I head to the woods to do my sewing and mending.
The description should include the machines that it fits and those it does not work for which includes the machine I bought
This machine has proven to be just what I needed. The direction in the manual helped me in knowing how to use all the special designs. I liked how easy it is to change length and width. The carry case cover is a great addition and it has good storage for all the extra feet and manual. I'm very pleased with this machine.
Purchased for my daughter-in-law for Christmas.  She has 2 toddlers and uses her sewing machine on dining room table. Gave this sturdy case to protect her machine from those little hands. Good size and sturdy.
"This case was purchased on Amazon at the same time as a new basic Singer Sewing machine. I echo the other comments. It's not a custom case like the older models had, but it adequately covers up the machine, has room for the pedal and accessories and can be transported easily. For the cost, can't really complain. It is totally functional!"
"I was so happy to find a good quality machine, for a reasonable price to give my daughter for Christmas....and It was on my doorstep in 3 days."
"Case is lightweight and the sewing machine set in perfectly.  A few more color options, especially ""black"" would have been nice."
"This Universal Carrying Case is not so universal for holding the sewing machine in place.  Add some newspaper or extra materiel for padding to keep in place.  Better yet, keep looking for one that fits your machine precisely."
Fit her Singer Curvy just fine.  Good price and sturdy and does not add a lot of weight to the sewing machine when you are carrying it.
This case was the perfect fit for the new sewing machine my daughter recently received at her bridal shower. Thanks.
"This sewing machine was a present for my wife at Christmas.  She loves it and found it very easy to use.

I would highly recommend  this machine to anyone."
"It's not heavy duty or anything, It's basically a case to keep the dust out.  If you want to save money, use the original box the machine comes with to keep for storage."
"The Carrying Case fit the sewing machine we have perfectly.  If you measure your sewing machine and know which cover to order, it is great."
"When I was looking at the sewing machine, this case was packaged with it and billed, therefore, as the one to use for storing this machine.  IT DOES NOT FIT!  Be advised to find another case or at the least do NOT buy this one thinking this sewing machine will fit in it."
Good storage for small equipment would share with everyone for a opportunity. I really like the locking hooks on the case. Thank you
This case is sturdy enough to carry your machine as well as all of your gear. I would definitely recommend this case to anyone that is going to be on the move with their machines.
New sewing machine fits and has plenty of room. Not to heavy and feels like it will last a long time.
Great price to protect my sewing machine from my small children's hands. Had to take a star away because it can be hard to snap close.
"I bought the case being somewhat uncertain that my Singer Inspiration 4212 ( also called a 4206) would fit. Thankfully it fits with room to spare. I can throw in other items ( secured in their own case) and have a single carrying case. It is light weight and the plastic is somewhat thin, but it will serve my purpose - to keep my machine dust free. I imagine that you would have to pack the case carefully for long bumpy trips, as the machine may bump around with all the extra space. If you are looking for a heavy-duty plastic case, this is not for you. It is perfect for single, domestic users for whom sewing is a hobby not a commercial enterprise."
I have not used it as yet but it appears to be great.  I am well pleased.and look forward to carring my machine with me.
This case fits perfectly for my Portable Singer sewing machine.  The clips to hold the top on work very good.  There is also extra space inside to store some stuff even when the machine in thethe carrier.  Don't hesitate to buy if you need to store your portable sewing machine.
"I'm only a beginner in the sewing machine world, but this case seems great!! It fits my Singer Promise, with extra room for me to store the plug and instruction manual inside the case.  I can't complain, its exactly what I wanted!"
"The plastic seems a bit thin, but it seems like it will work for what we need - basically storage and transporting within the house.  I would be worried if we needed to transport it often.  Our sewing machine is a smaller model, and there is no way to secure the base into the case.  I think it would slide around."
I thought that my sewing machine was kept safely. But I don't always need it. I wish I chose it again.
Very pleased with case - grand-daughter also said it was very handy.  Not heavy or awkward at all.  Like it a lot.
This should have come with the sewing machine like they did 20years ago other than that nice cover at a good price.
this is perfect for my Stylist sewing machine but I did not receive my 15J sewing machine bobbins for singer - 10 pack
"Very happy with this purchase. But not the packaging, I purchased two items which were boxed separately then put into one large box together, which would have been alright except  that the size of the box was so big that it need it some additional wrapping to prevent the two boxes from sliding into one another during the shipment. I was surprised to find that neither item had been damaged, especially when the U.P.S driver actually threw the box on the ground of my front door."
Shipping was quick and the case fit my Singer perfectly with a little room on the sides to fit a few extra goodies.  Very durable
Wonderful addition for my quilter sewing machine.  Look forward to keeping my machine in tip top shape with the hard cover carrying case.
"I bought this as a gift for my daughter to go along with her Singer sewing machine which I also purchased for her for Christmas. It seems strong and well made, and was made to go with her sewing machine. It was packaged in it's own cardboard box, so it was easy to wrap it for Christmas."
just what I needed to store my sewing machine when not in use.  a nice asset to my life a plus.
"As the description says, ""it is Universal"" for all sowing machines we own.
Always remove my machine from the case before sowing!"
"I got this case over a  year ago and it has held up very well.  I actually keep a Brother sewing machine in it that is rather heavy and awkward to handle, and the case makes it much easier to move around.  It's also nice to not have to worry about stray dust or debris getting down into the machine.

The hinges are the flip-style kind (you lift the loop up over the ridge, then press the tab down to lock it) and easy to use.  I appreciate that they are metal and not cheap plastic."
"Definitely a smart purchase if you travel with your sewing machine a lot, my girlfriend uses it all the time!"
"I own 3 large heavy sewing machines that I frequently take out and about to shows/classes.  This item is perfect even for my largest & heaviest kenmore full size embroidery machine.
The Pros:
This cover/carry case is very strong and dependable.
The snap closures are very well made.
It is not a cheap item and in my opinion is much better than a cloth roll along due to having better heavy duty plastic that repels water instead of absorbing it.
 It is easier to carry than a roll along fabric one when you are unable to roll the other one.
It is large enough to have added accessories inside with the machine.

The Cons:
There are no small compartments to organize small items

Overall I prefer this over any of the 3 cases I own (this one, a $89 Singer roll along & a $29 off brand roll along) I highly recommend this item"
"I purchased a Singer ONE sewing machine for my wife and this case was recommended by Amazon. I should have checked the specs on it but I got in a hurry. It does not fit! Not even close! It will probably cost more to return it than what I paid for it. Oh, it looks to be cheaply made also, probably made in China."
"Daughters 1st sewing machine, excellent buy with the ease of use. recommend to any wanting a simple machine. Will use for a long time."
Shipped very fast. It fit my machine just as it said it would. Would recommend for protecting your machine.  Well priced.
"This machine has already messed up now I have to take it for repair. Ugh... Remember its a small computer so to speak and leaving it plugged in all the time will cause it harm.  That's not what happened to mine, but I wanted to share that important tidbit."
it was an open box item and the description was very clear and honest. The case is in perfect working order and had a minor blemish on the top. No Biggie. I would order an open box item again.
this is a monster over sized case made to fit anything and takes up tons of room and reflects poor quality outsourced products from China in my opinion
did the job. fits my Pro sewing machine.  has extra room for pedal and other small things.  it doesn't hold the machine perfectly stable but does the job.
great case and once I purchased my wife was totally surprised because we could not find one in Korea to fit her swinger.. good choice
"The reason I don't like it is because it does not fit the machine that Amazon sells it with.  This is a great idea, but does not work for the Singer One Easy to Use Computerized Sewing Machine."
Would have rated 5 stars but quality could have been better.  Thin plastic and top doesn't fit into bottom without being lined up just perfect. You get what you pay for.
"I AM VERY HAPPY WITH THIS COVER MY SEWING MACHINE FIT, ALONG WITH THE BOX OF. ATTACHMENTS. EXACTLY WHAT I WAS HOPING FOR."
fits sewing machine nicely. Am tired of writing reviews where I'm required to write x many words that do not convey any more meaning than the first ones so it will post.
"I hadn't sewn in 35 years but had some clothes that I had bought on-line that although ""Small"" were too big and I wanted to alter them.  I was surprised at how inexpensive this machine was with all its technology.  It did take me several hours to learn about it, not because it was hard, but because there are so many things you can do with the different feet and stitches.  I've altered clothes - even knits -with ease.  One can do all kinds of stitches and the machine sets the tension automatically and you have the option of easily changing the width and length of the stitch.  Everything is made so easy and therefore, fun!  The only trouble I had was the blind hem stitch which is very difficult to figure out - maybe it just me - but that has been my only frustration.  Now I'm on to other projects and am so excited about sewing!  A quilt is on my table now!  I can't think of anything more I would want in a machine."
Product received undamaged in good condition.  It serves its purpose and protects my wife's Singer Sewing Machine nicely.  Nothing fancy about it.
perfect for keeping my toddlers away from my sewing machine while not in use. I have nowhere to store it except on the ground and now it is safe.
"THE SINGER 611 UNIVERSAL HARD CARRYING CASE FOR MOST FREE-ARM SEWING. THE UNIVERSAL SEWING CASE IS WIDE ENOUGHT TO INCLUDE THE SEWING MACHINE, FOOT PEDAL , CORDING TO CONNECT AND ANY ACCESSORIES THAT ARE NOT TO LARGE FOR THE REMAINING SPACE IN THE CASE. HANDLE FOR EASY CARRYING."
"bought for my daughter, haven't used it yet.  I'm hoping to show her how to sew very soon.  It only goes to show you that just because I used to sew, doesn't mean my daughters want to."
"Came in good condition and works well.  I've only put four stars because it is huge.  I've had to put part of the Styrofoam the sewing machine came packaged in, in the base of the case to stop my machine from moving around.  It works great for storing my machine and keeping my 3-yr-old away from it but it wouldn't work for carrying the machine around if I needed to."
"It is ok, but sometimes hard to cover the machine properly, I have to work at it most of the time."
"It has worked well for my daughter who is an occasional sewer. It keeps her machine free
of dust and little fingers. Make machine portable to be moved when needed."
"This case is ok.  I didn't take into consideration it won't carry the long arm.  I also wish it had a way to pack the bobbin case, sizzors and a couple other items without them bouncing around.  Then I wouldn't have to carry a sperate bag."
"First, lets take a look at why there seems to be such wide differences in review ratings on this product. Singer seems to make at least 4 of these Universal Cases that seem to look the same but are different sizes and prices. Brother also makes one that is yet another size. This probably confuses both buyers and sellers alike. This knowledge should help you in your decision process.  SO ... I am reviewing the SINGER 611. BR that is sold by AMAZON.

My next point is that it says (in one picture) the INTERIOR DIMENSIONS are 8.5"" x 17.0"" x 12.0"" which is almost true. Notice the rounded corners. If you have a machine, which is that EXACT size, then it will fit perfectly. Also note that if you have a narrower machine, then it could be a little longer because of the rounded corners. Or, if you have a shorter machine, then it could be a little wider. Furthermore, notice that the handle takes about a 1.5"" dip into the top of the case (for your hand) in the center of that top. If you have something (like a spool or bobbin holder) on your machine that protrudes a little above that 12"" Height, then you are probably OK as long as it isn't right where that handle takes the dip.

Now. Lets MAKE IT EVEN BETTER! Your machine will probably be somewhat smaller than the perfect size for whichever UNIVERSAL Case you chose. Let's fix that problem. Yes, you can stuff rags in there to fix the problem, however, lets be a little more professional than that. First, once you have established that the case will close with your machine in it, we can proceed. Set your machine in the center of the bottom of the case. Measure the height of the case bottom. I got 3."" Next measure the width of each of the empty spaces all around the machine. Now, along with the case bottom, find and go to a FOAM, FABRICK, & UPHOLSTERY SUPPLY COMPANY. They sell foam that you can cut (with a large sharp bread knife) into rectangular blocks that will fill those voids. They also sell a heavy-duty adhesive spray that will bond one piece of foam to another. You could even buy some material to cover the foam to finish off the project. You could even fashion some sort of pouch you could attach inside the lid to hold your user's manuel. All this should solve ""the machine is sliding all around inside the case"" problem. ENJOY!!!"
"Case is a little flimsy feeling and HUGE. I was expecting the case to be made of a harder, more durable plastic than it is. This is more of a dust shield than a protective carrying case."
I love the carry case and I feel it was worth the purchase it is very useful because it is a protective cover for the machine
Having a case is  great so that you can store it : Sturdy case -keeps the dust off and great for storing the machine.
"I have the most basic brother sewing machine (LS2125i) and it fits this perfectly with room all around it to put extra accessories, power cord, foot pedal, etc...

Note the extendable pin at the top for the thread spool can't be extended to close the case. similarly the spool has to be removed before you can store the sewing machine in it. kind of a downer as i would have liked it just a bit taller, but still I can work around it and it allows me to be very portable with my sewing machine.

overall solid. I would rate it even higher if it was taller so I can store the sewing machine ready to go."
"I purchased this to protect my Janome 8077 from dust and getting banged around in my small apartment. It's a bit large for my machine so I think it will probably fit most home machines. My only complaint is that the top seems a bit flimsy, but I think it will protect my machine sufficiently for my purposes. I don't think I would purchase it if I needed to transport a machine frequently."
"Great sewing machine case/cover that fits quite a few of brands. Needed it for a Singer brand that was older but nice for my daughter. Was hard to find one, but Amazon sold them. Thanks seller!"
"This case fits very nicely over my Singer sewing machine, it is lightweight, yet sturdy and not expensive. I am happy with my choice and it keeps my machine free of dust."
"I recently bought this case along with my new Singer Stylist 7258, and although very convenient to be able to carry my machine to classes, the case with machine in it is very heavy and the handle starts to hurt my hand...I need to sew a pad to wrap around the handle!  :)"
I bought my wife a Singer sewing machine for her birthday.  This hard case was a good addition to her collection.
"The case has nice clean lines with sturdy carrying handle. My Simple Singer Sewing machine fits with extra room for scissors and some other sewing items beside it, as well as the cords and foot pedal."
Good product as expected meets my expectation hard case nice looking  super white makes handling and traveling very easy to make
I have a brother machine and it fits just fine. I take it to class 2 times a week and put some suplies in with my machine. It's dirty and my machine isn't ;) My machine slides around a little so be careful of the weight shifting.
"This is a great case for your sewing machine if you have a machine that didn't come with one.  Naturally, to fit many machines, it may not fit your exactly, but is sturdy and my Singer fit in perfectly and keeps the dirt out and makes it nice to be able to put it away safely."
Although this machine seems lightweight and the body is made of plastic-I made my daughters cushion covers for her vintage camper on this machine with no problem all! I used regular heavy weight upholstery fabric and the machine worked like a dream. I am very pleased with this purchase.
"Nice quality, strudy case. Happy I bought it with my machine. It keeps my three year old out very effectively."
"This is a nice sturdy case. I believe it will fit most sewing machines. It is a little too big for mine, but big is a fit. The price is very good for this product."
case is okay..holds the machine.  i do wedge the base of my machine in with some Styrofoam pieces to keep it more stable.
nice to get it delivered to the house and at a good price so I got no complaints. good to store the sewing machine in.
"Keeps the dust off.  Does not hold the machine solid so do not consider this a ""shipping case"".  But very nice for around the house if you don't tip it."
Works great to protect my Singer Quilter Sewing Machine.  Strong enough to carry and protect the machine.  Very happy with this protective and carrying case.
"This is a great case which fits lots of Sewing Machines.

I was slightly disappointed with how it fits together, because sometimes the lip doesn't quite line up to slide over the bottom half, but once you pop it in place and latch it down, it doesn't budge."
I am so happy I finally got a sewing machine case for my old machine. It fits perfectly and makes transporting from one room to the next much easier
It is a bit large but not as bulky as the Brother 5300 universal case. My Brother case arrived broken and they had no more in stock so I read the reviews and went with the Singer.
"I love it, it also came together with my machine and that helps a lot with storage. Ordered on saturday and it was delivered on monday, good work"
The machine fits in this case perfectly and is great for carrying to sewing/crafting classes. I would recommend it for any machine.
"Its alright....just needed to get machine out of old fashion floor model, that was taking up too much space, and too heavy to move from place to place."
"Everything about the machine case is great, could be an inch shorter, other than that was better than I could have asked for. !!!  It was UPS, the delivery company that certainly did NOT meet up to their expectations !!  The driver kept complaining there was No Such Address (NSA)  UPS has delivered to my apartment at least on a monthly basis.  This driver was too busy on a warm day to get out of his truck and go to the other side of the building.  Ever since I've been around buildings have a front and back as well as 2 sides !!  His excuse was ""it's not my normal route"".  I hope his customers on his normal route appreciate him !!"
"My sewing machine fits in the case very well.  It does not make it unwieldy to move around the house when company arrives.  Personally, I decorated mine because it's a nice white but kind of plain."
"I have used this for over a year now, it is a good practical case that works well. The latches at each end work easily. There is a ridge where the bottom and the top meet that must be lined up for a good solid fit. I like this because then I know the top and bottom are aligned and will not come apart."
I needed a cover for my Viking Huskvarna sewing machine (Juliette model) and this one fits it beautifully! I love having a clean sewing machine when I go to use it!
"Very durable, sturdy and strong latches on both side and nice handle.  Machine (Singer Stylist 7258) fits fine with room to spare.  The power cord and the foot pedal and cord also fit inside. Recommend this product."
"My sewing machine fits perfectly.  There is not much else to say about a sewing machine cover, it either fits or doesn't fot"
"Bought 2 of these one for myself and one for a granddaughter, they work perfectly have enough room inside your foot pedal and cord fit inside and very easy to carry anywhere"
THIS CASE IS GREAT WHEN I'M NOT SEWING TO PACK EVERYTHING AWAY!  THE CASE LOOKS SLEEK AND IS NOT TO HEAVY.
Great quality and great price.  The case is a universal fit and fit our fairly new sewing machine nicely.  Worth the money
A great lightweight carrier for my portable. It keeps my machine dust free and allows for easy transport and storage.
Ordered this with our new Singer sewing machine and it worked perfect!  Great size and price! Very sturdy and fits well.
It works very well with the sewing machine which we purchased. It helps us stay organized and keeps the dust away from the machine when we do not use it.
"It worked fine and is lower profile than the original I have, but the sewing machine must be removed from the lower part of the case before using it."
I purchased this item to go with my portable Singer sewing machine.  My machine fit in it well.  It is made from durable plastic.  I just moved from California to Alaska and can gladly state that the case and machine arrived intact.  I did cushion the sewing machine inside the case with some batting I had to prevent the machine from any movement.
Glad to have it. Fits my sewing machine and makes it easy for travel! The price is the best around and get it with two free day shipping with prime
This Is My First Carry Case That I Have Owned. So Much Nicer Than Keeping It In The Box All The Time.
I feel good I purchased the Universal Hard Carrying Case.  It's protecting my new sewing machine.so I don't have to worry about broken parts.
"I just love it ! bought it a gift for my mother . First i had some issues with the way Singer does things with the bobbin and thread - but once itws done - Its a great machine to own .
it is more compact than the brothers and has a build in handle ."
My machine (Fashion Mate 7256) fits perfectly with room for the presser foot and other sewing odds and ends you may have.  This case is much sturdier than some of the others I've seen.
Fits my machine perfectly.  Enough room to put all the cords and foot pedal into the case easily also.  Makes mobility of my machine much easier and it is lightweight and easy to use.
I very much liked this purchase.  I with pleasure use and I recommend to each person to get this thing.
Perfect carrying case for my new Brother machine.  All my little  'extras' fit in it very well. Love this case.
A must have buy if you want to protect your machine.  My wife loves it and it makes moving the machine much easier.
"Just bought my Jenome machine.  This case fits perfectly and the cost, cannot beat it.  Great buy compared to local store prices"
light weight and perfect fit  keeps my machine safe and dust free while waiting for me to get back to my latest project
"does not fit the machine that your site recommended it for, very disappointing to have found this out to late to return it, ( it was a gift so my fault I guess and I should have opened it and checked before gifting it )"
"My new sewing machine fits in it wonderfully. I love the clasps, the old swivel holder could slip easily. perfect"
"Product is very bland looking. Hinges are sturdy and top/bottom fit together snugly and securely on mine at least. Weird access port under handle, maybe if you want to peek in and make sure your machine is still there?? But it closes just fine.. I wish there were spacers or something if you have a smaller machine so it doesn't seem so wobbly. Otherwise, works fine so far though..."
"The case has worked out well, enough room for machine and small plastic case with parts and thread, keeps machine nice and clean."
"I have a Shark sewing machine and was afraid that I wouldn't be able to find a case for it. Yes, it's a little big, but I can put all the accessories in with the machine and everything's fine. This case is everything that I wanted and expected."
"I would have thought there should be a ""Singer"" label on the case.  Somewhere.  On my last singer case it had one and I always used it as a guide to front or back in placing it up for use."
Very good storage case that has kept my machine in one piece through many trips. I was a little worried about the base falling off and dropping the machine but that has never happened. Also holds my foot peddle and other odds and ends as needed.
"This case is solid, and fits my Singer 2259 Tradition perfectly, giving just enough room to keep a few ziplock bags of parts and supplies stored in there, too.  This solid white case makes for nice looking storage and a possible canvas for stickers or decorating."
This is a nice sturdy case. It fit my Brother 2600i. The price was terrific too at about $25 from Amazon.
"The Singer 611. BR Universal Carrying Case is about as uncomplicated as it gets. Just lift the top, place your sewing machine inside, close the top, & off you go."
"This is easy to use, convenient, and fits many styles of sewing machines.  Hard plastic case, lightweight but strong! Very happy with product!"
Does the job to less money. Protects and it is light weight. unless you need to store more things you really don't need anymore.
"I bought this SINGER 611 BR model along with the SINGER Sewing Machine (model 7258). When the products arrived, I was surprised to see how big and bulky the case was! It does have plenty of space as some reviewer said to stuff rag around the machine but it does not serve the purpose of protecting the machine. Also, it's too big for storage and the sewing machine rattled inside when transporting. I regretted and returned immediately for another sewing tote instead for better protection and nicer appearance. Now am happier and can't wait to present it to my future daughter-in-law. Thank goodness, there is no hassle in returning this product through Amazon.com"
Like the covers better when the machine fastens into it. You have to completely remove the machine to work most effectively. It does do the job of keeping the machine clean.
"My husband treated me to a new sewing machine and decided to add this case to keep it safe. The size is a little big but I keep small projects, the instruction manual and a bag with my sewing machine accessories in it. Works great!"
"It's a universal carrying case....and fits my machine.  I wish I could get something more fitted, but this works for now."
"This worked fantastic for transporting the sewing machine to and from classes since it is light and the machine fits in well.  It works well for storing to keep the dust off of it, too.  This works better than the dust cover which usually comes with the machine and is more protective of accidental hits if in an area where something might happen.  When buying the machine, I purposely looked for a case to hold it as a form of protection and was satisfied with the price and the fact that the machine fit in so well."
"I read all the reviews on this carrier as well as the one by Brother.  The main thing I noticed were comments about the size of each of these.  I took the advice of those who recommended this Singer case.  It was good advice...this case is smaller than the Brother which is why I purchased it.  It is perfect for my Brother XL 2600I free arm sewing machine, plus a little room for extras such as the manual, pieces of material, bobbins, etc.  Be sure and check out your machine's measurements compared to this case's measurements.  I couldn't have done better.

Also, it is light weight, easy to carry, snaps shut easily.  There are groves on the inside bottom that helps to keep the machine from sliding around.  The sale price on Amazon was Amazing!  Hope this helps someone out there decide."
"Nothing inside to keep sewing machine from moving around.  Would not recommend this product.
Spend a little more and get something that will last."
"It's a carrying case for sewing machines. I bought it along with a sewing machine (reviewed elsewhere), and it fit perfectly. Not a whole lot else to say about it, although I think if I were to improve one thing about it, it would be to make the case a little taller and recess the handle into the case so it presents a flat level top... because if there's one thing I never have enough of, it's flat surfaces."
The case is good enough but the size left me extremely disappointed.  I guess I expected something that fit the machine better.
I bought this in a combo offer and it has its own case! Pretty annoying! I will try to return but they want half the cost to ship back!! Beware!
"This is a great and easy to use case for any standard sewing machine.  I have used this style case on both Singer machines and Brother brand machines with good success.  It protects your machine when you transport it, move it from place to place or just shields it from dust when not in use.  I cannot say enough good things about this case.  If you love your machine, get it a case.  =-)"
"I like the one that is built onto the bottom of my old machine better, but this one does just fine. It has a little extra room in it after I put the machine in it that I use for storage for things like like patterns or small project pieces."
"I love this carrying case because it is lightweight and a good buy. It is spacious enough to hold other sewing items along with my sewing machine.  Although I paid a higher price a month ago, I still think it was a good buy."
"I'm happy with this case because it will work for many different machines.  That being said, It is my opinion that the peg style feet on older/heavy machine may distort the material of this case unless something like a sheet of plywood were used to disperse the weight of the machine.  This is just my opinion and most of todays machines have a flat base on them so no worries there."
"Needed a case for newly purchased Singer machine.  Looked many places, and found this to be the best price for thsi case.  The case is a perfect fit, and of very good quality."
"I had a little trouble at first getting the stitching just right, but the Troubleshooting guide helped me through that! I am just a novice and had no one to help me, good thing there is really good information that comes with the machine! The DVD was great!"
The case is perfect for my portable sewing machine. It's made of good quality materials and is sturdy. It's lightweight too.
I was used to using one from the 1950s and this new one is just totally awesome! Only complaint is that its still a chore to thread the needle....just a whole lot easier then it used to be. Have to keep doing it to get the hang of it.
"I like this item, as my machine fits within it, with plenty of room for the foot pedel and cord. I feel better with the hard case, that it will protect my machine."
"It is bigger than it looks, and I know about the information measure, but it's big. However, this hard case is the best option for getting the sewing machine protected. The only bad thing, and really important, is that it ain't comfortable to carry, the maching is heavy, then the handle starts hurting after a while."
This is a good additon for anyone with a sewing machine that will fit this case.  The case offers good protection.
"STURDY AND VERY CONVENIENT CASE FOR THE HEAVY DUTY SEWING MACHINE WITH METAL INTERIOR FRAME.
I WOULD HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT !
ALL THE OTHER MINI/SMALL STUFFS  YOU USE FOR SEWING EG SCISSORS, THREADS ETC , CAN BE KEPT IN IT!"
"For the price, you can't beat it. It is not real strong, however. For my particular machine, there's lots of ""wiggle room""."
"I felt this cover was a little bulky. After seeing this cover in person, I wished I had gotten the soft cover."
"I ended up returning the sewing machine I purchased this case for and purchased a much smaller model from Amazon. There is quite a bit of room in the case but I do not plan to transport the machine anywhere so I think it is fine. I have plenty of room to store the instruction book, foot petal, and other accessories right in with the machine. I don't know whether or not this is a good carry case for a small machine as I have only moved it a few feet to slide it under a desk. It might need something to stabilize the machine before transporting if I were to take it anywhere. I am satisfied with my purchase the-the case seems sturdy and durable enough for its intended use."
was very nice light weight the sewing machine fits very nice in it the price was good and extra room inside for other stuff
"This is very sturdy and roomy - the material is flexible.  It's a little big for my sewing
machine, but otherwise is excellent."
"This item fits with my singer sewing machine at home. This is very handy. It is very safe for the machine. It is very compact.

Jagir"
"Convenient, good protection when moving the machine.
Good value, solid quality. Extra Velcro strap inside would
be great to minimize movement."
The product was in great condition the package was not damaged it was what I needed for my machine and I would recommend this to any body.
"This arrived with the Singer One, but you can't use it unless you remove the additional sewing area.  Otherwise I don't have any issues."
My daughter had a sewing maching in its original box which was cumbersome and a pain to unload.  I ordered this case and it is perfect.
"Fits the new machine I purchased perfectly, I have no bad things to say it is perfect.  Happy Happy Happy"
"Este estuche es muy bueno, es un excelente protector para guardar la mquina de coser, se deja recomendar, mi esposa est muy contenta con esta compra."
"It fits the machine perfectly.  Once the sewing area had been set up, we don't seem to use it as much as before."
I bought this for my singer sewing machine but have not been using it since I don't go anywhere else yet with my sewing machine.
"I have used this for 2 separate sewing machines now and it fit both of them no problem. It is a little large, but I'd rather it be a bit roomy than too tight. It locks well, and I feel secure carrying my machine around in this."
This case is sturdy.  It is big enough for our machine.  I may add some foam for support of the cords.
"But it's lightweight, and will fit OTHER things in the case, along with my machine.  I've not tried ""carrying"" it around, so I assume everything is OK in there."
"I needed a place to store my Singer Sewing Machine when it's not in use.  It's sturdy
structure is quite accessible."
"Very convenient to carry our machine and store it, too. The machine is not getting all dusty and there is no risk something can be incidentally broken..."
Does what is supposed to do but is to big by a couples inches but that's universal. Does a great job.
"its plastic, easy to use. light weight. stores singer stylist 7258 plus pedal and still room for other accessories. A+"
"No complaints with this product. When I'm not sewing I like to have my machine protected from dust and dirt. This does the trick,"
I like this carry case because it is of a size to fit both my Singer machines and is very easy to use and is secure to lift.  I can put the machines away and keep them dust free.
"I wish it had a flat top so I can stack stuff on top.  Then again, a recessed handle may make it cost too much.

I wish it were black or grey.

It is nonetheless an excellent quality for the price."
Great cover for a sewing machine. Go buy it. I would definitely recommend it for keeping your machine safe every day
"I had originally ordered the Brother cover for my Brother sewing machine - it was cheap and warped.  This Singer 611. BR is far more solid, great size, PERFECT!  Great price on top of it.  Definitely worth the money - buy it without worry."
"I bought this for my new Singer Stylist model 7258. It's way too big for this machine. I can fit the foot pedal and the power cord along with the machine and there's still a LOT of extra space on all 4 sides.

The Pros: it protects the machine when stored.
The Cons: just carrying it from my storage area to my sewing area I can hear the machine clunking around inside.

I opted for this case, rather than one with wheels, because I'm not planning to tote my machine beyond home. If you plan to travel with your machine this is probably not the case for you. If you're using the case just to store the machine between projects, it will work.

<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/SINGER-7258-Stylist-100-Stitch-Computerized-Free-Arm-Sewing-Machine-with-Instructional-DVD-and-More/dp/B003KK807M/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">SINGER 7258 Stylist 100-Stitch Computerized Free-Arm Sewing Machine with Instructional DVD and More</a>"
My wife seems to be happy with this machine so far. I read allot of reviews. they ran the gambit of good to bad. There is a learning curve to every thing. Good quality thread is suggested.
"I actually bought it for my elna 644 pro overlocker, but the overlocker did not fit in. My Janome machine does though so I am happy with the purchase and I will continue to find another for my overlocker"
I got this for my daughter along with a Singer sewing machine.  She loves it.  Her machine fits just perfectly in the case.
"for Most Free-Arm Sewing Machines has been a great success and has lived up to all expectations - there
is no way my Singer sewing machine can get damage now!"
I purchased this carrying case at the same time I also purchased the Singer Quantum sewing machine. I never would have ordered thus if I had known the the machine came with a hard cover. In addition I was disappointed with the item when it did arrive a few days after the sewing machine came. It is very flimsy and doesn't have any support inside the cover to protect the machine if you are taking it to classes or traveling somewhere.
"This works ok, but my previous Singer sewing machine that had a built on cover spoiled me.  My new sewing machine did not come with a cover and I ordered this for convenience.  It is not really sturdy and even though it will hold some other things with the machine, just does not truly fit even though it is universal.  I would not order it again unless I could not find something better."
It does the job for the cheapest price that I could find. I like it I would order it again.
"very sturdy.  my sewing  machine fits perfectly inside, and the handle makes it super easy to move around when needed."
"Well built and very protective. My girlfriend loves it and the sewing machine, too. Recommend it for anyone buying the sewing machine."
"Perfect size, the machine fits perfectly and there is extra room. Excellent product, just what my mom was looking for."
Good quality product that fits my machine well.  This case is strong and has a little extra space for accessories.
Lightweight but sturdy.  Really like this and will be using it to cover my old machine.  I am very happy with this portion of my Christmas gift this year.
This is slightly larger than my Singer 100 Stitch machine but I wanted a protective carrying case and this does the job great.  No problems with it so far.
"INDISPENSABLE PROTECTOR SINGER,LO RECOMIENDO.PROTEJE A LA MAQUINA DE LOS GOLPES,DE LIQUIDOS Y DE RAYONES Y ES FACIL DE LLEVAR Y COLOCAR EN CUALQUIER PARTE,POR LO TANTO LO RECOMIENDO."
This carry case is a good size! My Brother free arm machine fits in it with additional room for accessories! Good quality case.
"The side latches undo very, very easily.  If you're carrying the case and bump your leg, make sure and check the latch because it probably came undone."
Very happy with my sewing machine case.  I am glad I purchased it and recommend it to anyone buying a Singer.
I like the portability and dustfree storage this case provides for my sewing machine. It's large enough to hold a variaty of models and yet doesn't take up too much room.
My daughter really likes the case and her singer machine fits like a charm.  This product does what it says.
Luv it! I was so amazed @ how this arrived in like one-two days time. We got this product along with the sewing machine. It for for a gift for my motherinlaw.
"There is a saying going around recently. ""It is what it is"" This Singer carrying case comes under the purview of this saying. It is useful but not great. It is exactly what it says it is...""a carrying case"".  No more. No less. I is a hard plastic case that a sewing machine sets in. There is no padding on the inside. There is no configuration on the inside to lock the machine down. It's just a carrying case that a sewing machine sets in. It is what it is!"
Fits my brother sewing machine case just fine. It is big enough and not too heavy. Keeps my new machine dust free.
The case is hard to fit the sewing machine in. The engineer must have been on vacation. Needs some work.
"This was a present for our daughter for Christmas, so I wanted it to be sturdy and also to fit the sewing machine we got her. It was a perfect fit, light and portable -- exactly what she needed!"
"The ""Hard Carrying Case"" is ideal for protecting my new Singer Sewing & Quilting Machine and keeping it clean!  It was a good value at a good price!"
"I got this to hold my daughter's (age 7) new sewing machine so that it is safely stored away from her younger brother.  It is larger than we need, but it is sturdy.  I may take some of the styrofoam from the sewing machine packaging or foam and glue it in place so that the sewing machine doesn't clank around.  It is decent for the price and purpose of storing the machine."
fits perfectly for my free-arm singer #7467s confidence machine and there's room to spare. Arrived on time or ahead of schedule. Diane E So. CA
"I like the case, but it is rather large and I worry that the sewing machine will slide around inside. They should have some way to keep the machine from sliding around."
"Bought this as a gift for my mother. Wanted something simple that she has used before, and to my surprise she knew what she was doing with the machine."
This works fine for storage. As a carrying case it should have provisions for securing the contents in place so they don't get damaged if the case tips over.
I really like this case. It gets the job done and makes it a lot easier to store and transport my sewing machine. I would recommend getting one if you don't have it.
Quality was fine and it fit snugly on the sewing machine that I purchased in the same order.  Seems sturdy.
The item was exactly what I expected at a price I thought affordable. I had not need to interact with the vendor as the item was what I needed.
I love having this cover for the sewing machine.  I makes it alot easier to transport and keeps everything together. I recieved this product in a timely manner and would recommend this seller.
"This case fits my Janome sewing machine with room to spare around it for the foot pedal, cord and accessories. It is about the same size as my old Kenmore machine that had a built-in case. It is just molded hard plastic with two latches (bottom is reinforced to be sturdy), but it does the job. I gave it 4 stars and not 5, because as a product it could have a greater cool factor through color or handle choice (this one is plastic). But I far prefer it to the other options I considered."
"This product came on time and in good condition.  Everything was as described and all of my sewing machine parts, including the foot pedal fit."
"The stock photo product is what I wanted for Christmas, and what my mother ordered. What we received is LAUGHABLE. **See photos added to gallery**

-- The plastic was very flimsy, cheap, and had rough edges as if they unmolded it and didn't care about extra bits.
-- The product was bigger than advertised. The Singer stock photo shows dimensions alongside product. The product description has different dimensions.
-- The handle is different from Singer stock photo.
-- The panel underneath handle does not sit flush so dust would be able to enter depending on where case is kept. (i.e. on a table top vs. in a shelf cubby)

I would expect this from shady sellers, but my mother ordered it sold by Amazon directly. Clearly this is being returned. And after many years of being a customer I am disappointed."
"It does the job.  Gone are the days when you bought a sewing machine and a well constructed, appropriately sized machine cover came along with the purchase.  I just got the Singer 160 Limited Edition machine for Christmas and a matching case would have been beautiful but this all purpose case will do the job to keep dust off and keep my new machine out of site from unwanted fingers!"
"I actually own a Brother sewing machine, but could not find a case anywhere in the state! I went online and measured out my machine and this case is large enough with a little room around the edges for the foot pedal and the cord. It is hard/strong enough plastic with metal clasp that you feel like your machine is protected and you can carry it by the handle on top. You do have make sure to line it up properly so it latches correctly, but that is easy enough. Overall a great asset to protect my machine until I get a permanent home for it!!  I received it on time, in good condition, and as it was described."
The machine fit's perfectly.  Sturdy and well designed case / excellent value.  This is a must for a portable machine.
Excellent quality.  No need for a dust cover when you own one of these.  Child will store her first sewing machine in this.  Love it.
Was not sure how this carrying case would work out and I am happy to say it is perfect.  My machine fits in as well as extra pieces I have.  Well worth every penny!
My wife keeps her sewing machine in the case and she says it works great. I don't know what else to say about it.
Item was good quality and the machine fit nicely.  Purchased with the machine as a Christmas gift. Would recommend this.
"It works fairly well.  I would like the machine to fit in the case better and be secured in some manner insteaqd of sitting loose.  Anyone who does not have a case, it would be better than nothing for transporting, keeping clean, and secure."
Just the type of sewing machine I was looking for. Does a great job. The price was the best I found.
"This container was much larger than I expected, yet the weight of the plastic was thinner and not very sturdy.
If simply covering your sewing machine is what you want, I suppose this would work."
The case is made of plastic and fits like you would expect a plastic case to fit.  I did keep it since it is for my daughter and she will need to store her sewing machine rather than leave it set up.
I have a singer confort quilter sewing machine with the extended table. The case fit both objects. The locks on the side are a little on the cheap side. The plastic is a little cheap looking too. But if you are not planning on traveling with it not so bad.
"Great price, sturdy, and protects my machine. LOVE IT!! Would definitely recommend buying this Case if you are purchasing a sewing machine."
The Singer 611. BR Universal Hard Carrying Case works perfectly with my Singer free arm sewing machine. I am very happy with my purchase.
I lost my original one in the midst of a move and brought this to replace it. Fully satisfied .
"Great case-very sturdy.  My singer heavy duty sewing machine fits perfectly inside with spare room for my foot pedal, cords, surge protector and sewing foots.  Better than similar products seen in large retail stores.  :-)  I'd purchase it all over again!"
"I bought the carrying case for my daughter to keep her sewing machine in. It is just right for her machine,and is worth the money to help protect her sewing machine."
"I bought this case to put my new SINGER 9960 Quantum Stylist 600-Stitch Computerized Sewing Machine, it was a very tight fit in this case and I was not comfortable carrying it in the case with it being such a snug fit.  I am keeping the case because it is a good fit for my old machine that needed a carrying case too.  Overall I really do like it though."
"Love how the case protects my machine and makes it much more simple to transport. There is plenty of extra space around my machine, because of its universality, but I am quick to use it as a place to stash current projects and tools/ accessories."
"Bought this so I could keep my sewing machine and projects contained.

I have a small apartment and my desk is computer station, drawing board, and sewing table in one.  Each project I do needs to easily be put away for storage off of the table top.

Aside from easily being able to move my singer to and fro it keeps the cats, and their hair, at bay.

If you plan to ever move your machine I would buy it.

*If it helps I have the Singer 7256 Fashion Mat 70-stitch machine and it fits great with room for plug and peddle."
"I ordered this case to keep my sewing machine dust free. There is plenty of room for the machine as well as the attachments, scissors etc.  (However, if I was transporting the machine I would pack some fabric around it to keep it from moving around inside the case.)"
This case was purchased for my Singer 7258 sewing machine.  It is large enough to keep all the cords and accessories in it and provides sealed storage between projects.
works great to keep my machine clean.  It is VERY dusty where I live in North Kihei! I really love it! Hard plastic wipes down easily.
"This is an excellent universal sewing machine cover.  It's made with quality plastic that has a bit of flex, so it's very unlikely to crack, or break.  My Kenmore digital sewing machine fits inside of it perfectly, with a bit of room to spare for the foot pedal, power cord and sewing manual.  The two side latches secure easily and the handle is durable and comfortable. Great product! Glad I purchased. :)"
I have a Singer 7470 that fits perfectly into this case. There is just enough room for the cords and pedal so it keeps the machine in place. I'm a petite woman and was very glad that the case did not add significant weight which made it very easy to carry.
This item was a duplicate order after first one was not received and could not be located.  This one arrived quickly and in great shape.  Thanks to the employee that was finally able and willing to assist.
"We recently ordered a new Singer sewing machine and were on the fence on whether or not this would be a necessary item. I am very glad we decided to order the case. Unless you have a dedicated table or area for your machine, you will need a place to store it. It is oversized and allows room for the cord and some extras to be stored easily. The quality matches the price, sturdy enough and looks to last under normal use."
I was wondering if this case will fit my old sewing machine and it did! I like the carrying case for protection for my old sewing machine. That's all I care. For the price I paid I am satisfied!
"the case met the use for my needs (to keep my sewing machine free of dust), but I thought it was made cheaply - didn't even see ""Singer"" name written anywhere on case & wondered if it even was made by Singer/box it came in had ""Singer"" written on mailing package, though/ok, not great!"
"This case is too large for my new Singer machine; the machine can slide around in it while being carried.  Nothing ties the machine to the case.  It is a light-weight case, not adding much to the machine itself.  Seems sturdy enough to protect the machine."
"There is a lot of space for a machine. I have put a serger in it, and a regular singer sewing machine. They are heavy enough that the extra space doesn't create a problem in terms of shifting/sliding around. It was actually a nice place to put the cord and pedal. I do worry that perhaps some day the latches at the sides might give out and then my sewing machine would tumble to the floor- it just seems like a troublesome design- but that hasn't happened yet, and maybe never will."
I was a little nervous about buying this case due to some other reviews but it is NOT flimsy at all.  My sewing machine fits with room to spare for the pedal and cord and instruction books!!
"I bought two (2) for two (2) friends and both of them from the time I dropped them off have
placed their machines in them.  One told me she was very pleased with it and don't know why
she waited so long to purchase it.  The other friend is also pleased."
"This sewing machine does what I wanted, it sews denim and over bulky seams.  It is made with lots of plastic and seems to be a bit delicate so I handle it with care. However, it is inexpnsive so I got what I paid for. over all I am happy with as I don't sew a lot.  If I did lots of sewing I would want a more expensive and better machine.  But for what I do it is just fine."
"I recently bought my first sewing machine, to get it home and realize it didn't come with any sort of substantial covering!!! Since I have a almost two year old, and also keep other kids in my home on a regular basis; this was a major concern to me.  So I ordered this one. It is a little larger than the sewing machine I got (which is just a standard small $100 singer at walmart, the one with blue).  It is enough to make me feel comfortable if I have it in the kitchen (behind the locked gate lol) and need to walk away.  Plus it makes it easier putting it in the top of my closet for storage.

Worth the 20 bucks."
Purchased this case for my Newhome Sewing machine (30 years old!) as previous case had gone to the great Sewing Circle in the sky.  it fulfills all the needs of my machine and is a worthy successor to the old one
Excellent
"I bought this to house my Brother serger when I'm not using it. The fit is tight for the base of the serger, but there's plenty of room for the machine, height-wise. I'm not using this to tote my serger anywhere; I'm just storing it in the closet, so it works for me."
I purchased this to keep my sewing machine clean and to be able to transport it easily.  It fit my Brother perfectly and is secure enough that I do not feel like I am going to drop the machine while I am carrying the machine around in the case.
I read the reviews before I bought this product.  So I knew that there were no screw downs or ways to secure the machine inside the case.  It fit an old 1980 Montgomery Ward sewing machine I have just fine.  The original case for the machine broke when we moved and I need a replacement to store the machine in to keep the dust off and keep it clean. If you needed to transport a machine distances you would need to make some padding to fill in the space between the machine and case. But it works fine at a reasonable price for the purpose I bought it for.
"Ordered this machine for an elderly lady whose home burned and she lost hers in the fire.
It is a great little machine, well made and user-friendly! Would highly recommend it to other!"
I to had the silly plastic cover that came with my singer machine. I sadly have had it for years! The machine collected dust with the cover on. Now I can store and go with this nice sturdy case. It has more room then my machine requires. I look at that as a plus as I can store material for a project I am working on as well as the machine and the foot pedal.
nice. lite weight. universal fit for most machines.. lots of room for misc things to go in case also. carry case so take sewing machine out when you use machine.
"This case looks great and fits my Singer Talent 3321 with room to spare so all your cords and whatnots fit as well. The bottom feels a little weak at times with my machine in it but I'm reassured by the sure-lock latches. Overall, I'm very satisfied with such a cute case :-)"
"Reading the reviews, I was torn as to whether to purchase this case for my Singer Stylist 500 series machine.  I had been unable to find any other alternatives for a Stylist and my original case fit perfectly but had been tossed years ago as we were using a cabinet, that recently fell apart after 30 years, so...I got this one, crossed my fingers and it was delivered today and fit my machine perfectly!!  There is room for the foot pedal/cord and my sleeve arm. So very pleased with this purchase. If you have a stylist this will work.  It may be a little wobbly but I am covering it with an old bath towel for extra padding.  Much more inexpensive than trying to find a cabinet that will work and it will protect the machine for many more years to come."
"Hello, I just receive my carrying case and it is great, very light, nice size. I love it!!! Highly  recommended"
"We needed a replacement case for one of our old sewing machine, since the original split. This generic case by Singer works beautifully and appears to be well built."
"Fits my machine perfectly!!  It isn't too bulky and is easy to lock and carry!! Great value for the price!!
I would recommend this to anyone looking for a sewing machine cover!!!"
"It really helps to organized the singer machine accessories together, helps to carry the sawing machine if you don't have a stand.

It is the money you should not save."
"Sewing machine was gift for skilled daughter, she loves it,  does everything she asks, and does NOT use cheap thread,  feel confident buying this machine"
"A pesar de tener suficiente resistencia, un asa confortable, ergon&oacute;mica, bonita y de aspecto elegante tiene el problema de que la m&aacute;quina de coser no encaja adentro de la caja y queda  bailando hacia todos lados. Al ser promocionada en combo con la maquina de coser uno presume que es especialmente hecha para transportar la m&aacute;quina de coser que acompa&ntilde;a,  una  SINGER 4423 Modelo Heavy Duty mas sin embargo no es as&iacute;. Mi recomendaci&oacute;n es que hagan la observaci&oacute;n que a pesar de venderse en combo con la m&aacute;quina de coser es una caja transportadora para cualquier modelo Singer y puede quedar grande con respecto a la m&aacute;quina de coser. El sistema de cierre laterales no parece ser muy confiable para aguantar todo el peso de la m&aacute;quina por largos per&iacute;odos de tiempo."
Case is perfect for my kenmore sewing machine.  there's a little extra room so electrical cord & some attachments fit well.  It's lightweight plastic but is good enough for keeping machine dust free & protected.
"Excellent price.
Very handy!
So far so good, although I haven't traveled but from room to room.
Stays locked.
Roomy!  I put stuff in there to keep the sewing machine from roaming about on its own in there.
Thrilling purchase."
I purchased this case just a few months ago and have enjoyed having it for my Brother machine. It has not disappointed. It fits my machine with no problem.
I ordered this case after reading all the reviews on the others and I'm so happy I went with this one. It is lightweight but made well. The perfect size for my sewing machine.
"This case works great for my old (from the 1970s) Singer machine.  I am able to fit both the machine and the pedal into the case.  It is just what I needed to carry my machine.  There is room in the case for the machine to rock front to back, so you don't want to be too rough with it while you are carrying it."
"This universal carrying case and protector for my machine when I'm not using it is a boon. It fits my machine well and is light-weight so it adds little weight to the total load. Construction and ruggedness are questionable, as the clamps that hold top to bottom on each end appear not to be terribly strong where they insert into the plastic case."
This hard case fits my Singer (Curvy) with room to spare. It's very light and solid. The only thing I have noticed is that you have to line up the ends just right or they won't latch shut correctly. Very happy with the case. Would recommend it to anyone who needs a place to store/protect their sewing machine.
"The box came fast and it is handy when I take my sewing machine to sewing classes and back. The entire machine and cables fit inside. The only thing I find a bit irritating is the main handle which is not completely round and the underside of the handle can be a bit awkward on your hand. It might be flaw in design itself. I would also suggest company to introduce some other colors because this plain white is so dull. I wish I had choice in color, etc. I wonder why they never considered this option because women like colors."
"Had been hunting for a HARD cover for my sewing machine like I had for my 33 year old Kenmore in the old days.  Kept finding soft cover ones-completely useless.  THIS one, however, is perfect and just what I needed.  It also fits the instruction manual and the attachments! :-)"
"My sewing machine is 14"" high ( which includes a little leeway since I didn't want the case to fit too tight). This case is advertised as 15"" tall.  Great!  I thought, but 15"" is the EXTERIOR measurement which includes the handle.  The interior is about 3/8"" too short!  I'm sending it back ASAP!  What is less than 1 star?  This deserves negative stars.  PLUS the metal fasteners inside were not secure, as mentioned by other reviewers.  Buyer Beware!!!"
"I bought a Brother CP-7500 Computerized Sewing Machine which comes with a hard plastic cover protecting the machine quite well. I bought this case so that I can carry the mechine around. The quality of the case is fine. However, it's a little bit too small for the machine with the cover, and a little bit too big for the machine. I finally give this case up."
"This universal case fits my Babylock machine. It works great and very light. There is a gap at where the cover and base meet when the metal is snapped when you are holding it by the handle. The machine can move around within the case if you really shake it. But like someone else said previously, you can glue some padding or foam inside if you are concerned. I also saw a similar universal case at Wal-Mart's sewing department for $22. So if you don't want to wait for shipping, just go to Wal-Mart."
The case came very quickly.  I am very happy with it.  It gives me space to keep my manuel for the sewing machine and the sewing machine.
"Works well for my Brother ES-2000 machine.  There's room for the cord & foot pedal.  It's basically more for storage as the original box was getting destroyed so I'm not actually *carrying* it around in this case much.  As it's universal it isn't an exact, snug fit so it does wobble around in the case a bit but I'm not worried about it as I just try to carry it level.  It's listed even cheaper now than the $18 I paid for it - which was still way cheaper than anything I could find in a local store.  Well worth the money so far."
"product arrived quickly, but the metal clasp hinges were poorly attached. on one side only 2 of the 4 prongs that attach it to the case are bent in. this renders this case useable ONLY for storage (to keep dust off my machine) and not for carrying. VERY disappointed."
"I just started a sewing class and I needed a carrying case for my Singer 7470. I researched quite a lot of reviews on this product, to get an idea about what people were saying about this Singer Carrying Case. After reading the reviews I felt confident that I was making the right decision. It took about a week to get here, and when it did I loaded my machine in it, and went off to my class. It was the perfect size for my machine, there was no bouncing around and my machine was in the same condition, that I placed it in. I have used it several times, with no problems. I rated this carrying case a five since it was strong and study, and it protected my machine."
"This case is wobbly when empty. It doesn't stand still. I'm not sure if it comes like this or if it's just mine because I also found a small  dent on the side. But when I put my brother sewing machine inside, it didn't move anymore. It's pretty sturdy and it serves it's purpose."
"The carrying case arrived promptly. It's lightweight (the sewing machine is heavy enough all by itself!) and has a comfortable carrying handle.  I take a sewing class and carrying my machine to class was a breeze.  The only negative is that the machine moves around a lot because the case is much bigger than my machine.  I guess it's made ""one size fits all"" to accomodate many different types of machines.  I've been putting some ""boltering"" around it, like extra fabric, just to keep it from sliding around.  The price was right and I'm satisfied with it, even though it's larger than my machine."
Purchased a Brother sewing machine that did not come with its own storage case (normal these days). I wanted a case but did not want to pay the 30 that the craft/sewing store wanted or the 21 that walmart wanted. I found this here. It works great. My machine fit with a lot of room left for the peddle and any accessories along with the thread spools that I had.
"I bought a sewing machine through Amazon.com and this carrying case was recommended as ""purchased by other people who bought the same sewing machine"".  Well, this case is retarded. First, it is basically a cat-box with a tall lid. Ugliest, cheap-o thing you ever saw.  Also, it is not made for a specific machine, it's made to fit several, so basically my machine has no stabilty in this carrying case. My machine is small and just rocks back and forth in the case.  It was a waste of $20 and I urge you to not buy it!"
Standard sewing machine case with the flip locks.  The Singer commercial grade machine fits in nicely with all accessories for safe storage.
"My Brother machine fits okay into this.  I have packed the excess space on the sides with bubble wrap for extra protection against sliding, but I think with the raised grid pattern it doesn't need anything for normal handling to keep it from sliding around.  I had plenty of room for the pedal and the instruction manual."
"This case was purchased to keep dust and dirt off of my machine.  I rarely use my sewing machine and don't want it to be covered in dust when I do need it.  It seems sturdy enough and was very inexpensive compared to the cases at the local fabric store.  As to the quality of the buckles (pointed out by another reviewer) they seem fine but I would probably just open the case and use the handle on the machine to transport.  I don't want to depend on an $18 item to transport a $300 machine.  As with everything, you get what you pay for and it's a great 'dust cover' for me."
"This case is nice enough for what is being produced these days, but a far cry from what sewing cases used to be.  There is no stability for the machine so I have to use foam packing material around the machine.  The side clips were not pushed down all the way on the inside and I had to use a hammer to push them down so they wouldn't scratch the machine.  It's better than nothing."
"I am updating my review, as I bought a new case recently for my Janome Sewist 500.  They have smoothed the handles and now they are comfortable to carry.  Even though my Sewist 500 came with a cover, it's not really a case that keeps dust (and fur) away so I purchased this for additional protection.  Love this product!"
"I was very pleased when this case arrived. I decided to purchase it to keep my sewing machine protected from dust and debrie. It is sturdy and durable, and provides enough room for my machine, at a very affordable price."
Absolutely necessary to keep your new Singer clean and safely stored.  Fits the machine perfectly.  Good buy.
"This carry case does what you want: it keeps your machine dust free, and the cords and peddle tuck in no problem. It makes it easy to store your machine in a closet when its not in use.  It's light weight and easy to carry to sewing classes/groups."
THIS CASE WAS PERFECT FOR MY SEWING MACHINE .KEEPS IT CLEAN AND OUT OF THE WAY WHEN STORED .THANKS . KAY
"I bought this for my Singer 7470 sewing machine.  It fits, with room to spare.  This particular model of sewing machine has a heavy base, so normally, the machine wouldn't move around inside the case.  I use mine as a storage case, rather than a transport case.  So, I don't travel with it that much.  For me, this case is good.

Unfortunately, I didn't realize that the seller was Target, which charged for tax and shipping.  I could have picked this up from my local Target, and saved on shipping.  Oh well.  Live and learn."
"Very cheap looking.  The sewing machine fits inside but the case is too big so must stuff rags to keep machine from moving around.  I liked the ""old fashioned"" case that fit the sewing machine perfectly.  Could not return the case since shipping was too expensive.  Had I purchased @ Target (rather than thru Amazon), I could have returned it."
"You get what you pay for... Other reviews seemed so positive I thought I couldn't lose. Unfortunately, this case is a soft plastic box with two cheap metal buckles to close it. My grandmother had a case for her sewing machine, and I guess I was expecting something more along those lines. Still, I suppose it does exactly what it says. It will cover the machine, and there is room for extras. But I'm sending it back and hoping to find something a bit sturdier."
"This case fit my wife's Brothers sewing machine perfectly just as the other reviewers said it would. My wife is thrilled that I bought it for her, she said not only does
her sewing machine fit in perfect but also has some room
for the electric cords,ect."
"Got this for our Singer.  (Yes, I can sew well enough to avoid drawing blood.)

The case is much larger...understandable, since its ""universal"" size will fit many small machines.

It clunks around if you swing or tip the case.  We expected that.  Not like the old cases that were custom fit to the machine.  It's WAY better than the old cardboard box shedding styrofoam everywhere.

There is no separate compartment for the pedal and cords.  They get stuffed in the empty space, then close the latches.

I've got a glue gun and some leftover foam padding from some electronic equipment.  I think I'll cut out bumpers/spacers to keep the machine in place.  Maybe some flames on the side."
"I bought this for my Singer 7470 Confidence Sewing Machine.  It's sturdy and everything fits with plenty of room to spare.  The side metal clasps seem to be well made.  Now, I can carry my sewing machine where ever I need it.  I liked it so much I even bought one for my sister, and she was thrilled to receive one."
"A little oversized for my sewing machine, but at the price I paid, not worth returning for another product. It keeps the sewing machine protected from dust when not being used. Handle makes carrying easy."
It was defective when I got. I returned it and did not get another.
a
Sturdy case. Very pleased. Would recommend.
Perfect case for my Singer sewing machine.
"Its a little too big for its purpose, but its ok..It had a little scratch at the top.."
"Love my case, durable, well built and holds most of my machines, I carry different ones in it at different times, very nice. Worth the money, I've had mine a couple of years now and it's still here. If it can handle what I've done with it then believe me, it's a good case!"
Sturdy cover and convenient to use
works great love it
"I love the style, price, and fast delivery."
