"I must say, I am very pleasantly surprised at the results I got dyeing the carpet in my van. I have an old (1993) Ford conversion van that is in great shape, except for the carpet, which was faded in places and kinda sad looking overall. I dyed a test piece from the bottom of a side door first just to see how it would look. It turned out great! I thought I would experiment with the dye and add a little extra water and some blue to tone down the Teal color so I mixed up a new batch. I didn't want to use another piece of carpet, so I thought I would mix up some bleach and bleach out the piece I dyed. I soaked half of it in bleach water for about 10 minutes and the color did not fade a bit! I thought sure it would come out white but nope, not even fazed! If you ever thought about changing your carpet colors, I think this is the way to go. Vacuum well, shampoo, allow to completely dry for a couple of days, then apply the dye with a spray bottle or pump-up type garden sprayer and brush the dye in evenly with a stiff nylon brush. Allow it to dry for at least two days, five would be better. Help the drying process along with an electric fan blowing over it. You might want to shampoo the carpet again after it has completely dried as there will be a little dye residue left. Take a look. This is the half I soaked in bleach water. [...]"
"I've always had good results with Rit liquid dyes.  However, the price here is quite a bit higher than elsewhere on the web."
Did not dye my item black. More of a grayish blue. Doesn't look horrible however if you are looking to make your clothing actually black you may want to buy more than two. I will give it a try once more and see what happens.
"made stuff grey n smelly, not black. probably made of yucky chemicals-- check out this link:[..]

not sure whether it is a good thing that they mention astm-d? but made me think maybe won't do it again till i know more."
"It works great, if you are dying something that is white be prepared for a few times, i was satisfied with the dark purple shade that came out from dying my futon cover so no complaints."
"I bought this looking for a rich navy blue color for a silk dress.  I did dye a test swatch with the same fabric and it turn out the color I was looking for, but the yardage that I dyed came out of the washer bright purple.  This was not just a blue with a purple tint, but full on purple without even a blue tint.  I have been repeatedly disappointed by the quality control of RIT dyes, and have also found the dark brown dye to be more purple than brown."
"Do not waste your money, this product does not work, bought 2 bottles previously and followed the directions to the T - 3 gallons of water and a cup of salt... then bought another figuring that I would use less water... well it still has not worked.  Spent hours dying and getting it everywhere, takes forever to rinse out because it just kept bleeding.  The end result is wasted money, dye everywhere and it did not brighten the pants and the bleach stain is still there.  Their response to this problem was to ""contact the manufacturer"".... so pissed, more because this process took hours that I can't get back!!!!"
"I used this Rit Tan dye to stain and highlight a flamed maple guitar neck. I mixed the Rit at 1 1/2 teaspoons per cup of hot water ad applied it the the bare wood with a rag. I did it twice, let the wood dry well and sanded it back so the dye was only left in the more open grain pores. When I finished the wood with Tru Oil the tan dye highlighted the flamed maple quite nicely. Used this way, it is not really a wood stain but rather a highlighter for figured grain. It accents the grain but does not stain the whole thing. It is subtle but effective."
I used this product to dye some plastic items I had like knife handles and it worked great for that.  The color that I ended up with was superb and it lasts just like the handle was manufactured that color.
"This black is really more of a dark blue. Fortunately for me, the pants I dyed were dark blue. But, i I had been dying black pants I would have been disappointed."
Make sure you order a fixative at the same time. Amazon should put this info on description.
Had some trouble with the first batch only because out of date and congealed  but the new one worked as described the color of course is not what it shows its lighter and more purple undertone but add some black to darken and did well
I followed the directions and dying my favorite hoodie DID NOT WORK!  So you end up making a big hot mess for NOTHING!
Its fast delivery and excellent products
Doesn't really work washes out very fast. Just want your money.
"I followed the Rit.com instructions for a top loader wash machine. I weighed the garment (right at 2 pounds) and used the recommended 1 full bottle. The bottle said Navy Blue. The liquid looked purple. The water looked purple. My old white hoodie sweater is now purple. Fortunately, this is fine with me - it was dingy white, now its a indigo blue-ish purple. But true Navy Blue it aint.

If I were to try Navy Blue again, and the garment was right at 2 pounds, Id round up and use a 2nd bottle. Again, the Navy Blue liquid appeared more purply than blue in the bottle, but maybe with a better dye saturation, it would dye truer to the indented color on the garment."
Totally useless. Didnt change the color at all!
"I used this to dye some old 100% cotton rugs. They were a very light sage green. I wasn't sure I could do it in my HE washer. I have a 2 year old Whirpool. It has a high water setting which is sort of a joke because the water still doesn't cover the clothes. First I got the 2 rugs wet in a rinse and spin cycle. The I filled the washer using the high water setting. Once it started to agitate I stopped the washer with the pause button and then using hot water from my skin tap I filled the tub until the rugs were covered and then one more bucket with the 2 bottles of dye and the salt mixed in.

With gloved hands I mixed the rugs and dye bath making sure to get the dye over the rugs evenly. I left them to soak and to my horror I hear the machine draining even though it was still on pause and had the lid open. I had to pull the plug to stop the machine. I guess I should have done that when I started adding the extra hot water. Live and learn. I managed so save some of the dye bath and just kept moving the rugs by hand for about 5 minutes. All in all I think they were in the bath a total of 15 to 20 minutes. Not as long as they should have been.

I plugged the machine back in and let it do its thing. Then I gave the rugs another rinse and spin before drying them. They came out pretty good and darker than I was expecting. The color was a little more purple than I wanted. I was hoping for a indigo color but it will still work with my navy bathroom and only cost me the 2 bottles of dye. The rugs were about 30X40 inches and 42X 50 inches."
Worked great - I dyed the slipcovers on my sofa and love seat.... My first dye job and I went big!!! I could have used a bigger washing machine but the coverage was pretty good cosidering....  What I don't like is that every time I order a color for a project now..... you raise the price on that color... not happy about that....
Dyed my jansport camel colors book bag with this dye and the color is my FAVORITE COLOR GREEN. I've had the same dyed book bag for a year now and the color hasn't faded or spread anywhere. Love it and I will be dying again!
"I used aqua blue to dye my 3 clothes, they were all white color, and they turned to 3 different blue color. So sometimes depends on the cloth material, you may or may not get the color that you expect."
great
Had a bleach spot in a brand new pair of grey pants. I've never used dye before but they look better than new!!!! It was a bit of work but they saved the pants.
"Used this color dye and several other colors to tie dye a duvet cover, pillows cases, and several shirts. Colors of all the Rit products are great and last even after months of washing."
LOVE this color!!!
I followed instructions exactly and tried dyeing a white dress black. It came out a weird purply black. I don't recommend
Works as expected!
suppose work but it is ok
"timing for the arrival of this product was great, it was on ok use on some of my jeans. others came out with more color than others. i initially bought this product to bring life to my old jeans."
"I used this to dye plastic wheels for an R/C car.  It worked lovely.  I used a little vinegar, and boiled water.  Then I put the water and vinegar in a pot that i was not going to ever eat out of again, and then added 1/2 the bottle.  I put the wheels in, and let them sit for a few hours.  I checked them every so often.  Then after about 6 hours, they were the color I was looking for.  Super happy.  WEAR GLOVES"
Used all the bottles at the same time to darken several pairs of jeans. They look brand new!
"Jeans turned out awesome, I was about to donate them but then re-dyed them using black and navy, Thanks again."
This color dye came out beautifully when I dyed a white robe with it. Did it right in the washing machine. Recommend it very highly!
"i dyed a black and white top, wanted dark blue and light blue, looks more like dark blue and light purple but was still fun to do"
A++++++++++++
"I used this to try to dye a light jean jacket to black, I left it in the dye for 12 hours and the jacket still only came out a very light grey color."
Great Product! Easy to use. The color is a little bit more of a purple gray rather than a charcoal gray. I dyed a wool sweater and in certain lighting it looks more purple than gray. Unique color!
"Turned everything purple instead of black. I followed all the directions and even added much more dye than I needed. If you need a nice purple, this will work."
Not as intense color as expected and instructions could be more simple.
works fine watch you tubes
This dye worked very well on my white T-shirts!
Great color. Used it to dye stained onesies.
"Good product. I always buy Rit Dye to freshen up some older things. When I don't have or can't find a top or pants or whatever in the color that I need, I just buy white or the lightest colored one I can find and then use Rit. It's a very small price to have exactly what I want."
VERY NICE SPRING AND SUMMER COLOR
RIT dye is always a good buy
Didn't work at all. Bad pigment. I was expecting nice rich colour and I got faded colour instead.
works well and easy
Nice color... can't complain about Rit dye.
"Browns are hard to match to original fabric color, (if you're trying to hide a faded area). Much easier to make dark navy pants 'dark' again or make black pants 'dark black' again when color has faded. If you're trying to dye fabric from a light color to camel/tan it probably will work well."
cool
Not a good product. Didnt work at all.
Used two bottles of rose quartz on 100% white cotton dress and it turned out dark peach to orange. Not at all what is advertised.
More pinkish purple than straight up purple.  I will probably get it from a fabric store in the future..
"I use this a few times a year for my black cotton T shirts, leggings, and towels to restore them to solid unfaded black. Its a big money saver for me."
"Didnt do what it was meant to do. Followed the steps, and the dye just washed away."
"Fast Shipping, excellent product and a great deal.  I'm very satisfied and plan to purchase more of these items!"
Perfect! Worked great
Used this product according to the directions to dye 3 bleach stains on a sweater that I love. The dye did not take and my sweater looks the same. If I could give it zero stars I would.
"Everyone says it looks purple, the dye looks purple, but dyed my jeans brown perfectly!"
"The product is great.  However,  I gave 3 stars because the price was more than double some of the local art stores."
I used it to dye a large blue denim sofa slip cover a beautiful teal blue. It turned out beautifully. I used four bottles  but probably could have gotten by with two.
"Princesses die hoping to dies stitching in a pair of blue jeans that I have. The blue jeans are a really nice pair of super dark TR jeans but the stitching is white on them and I do not like this so I wanted you to die them and  figured this would be the best way to do it, boy was I wrong. I followed all of the instructions and let it set for ever to pull them out and have no difference it did not work whatsoever"
Great product
Did what it was supposed to.
Absolutely no issues with this dye.  I could not find a powder blue polyester knit.  It gave me the perfect color
"awesome , it dye my clothes very well, nice finish , but not deep blue"
It works perfectly
Perfect for the newborn hats I make for my NICU
"I purchased 3 bottles of green dye (only used 2) to try and dye my patio umbrella.  I had paid well over $100.00 for my umbrella several years ago and it was in perfect shape with the exception of the dark green fading to almost white.  Put on old clothes, took the umbrella down and opened it up in the back yard.  I had boiled water in an aluminum pot and brought it outside.  Added the two bottles of dye and stirred along with a little dish liquid soap and salt.  Put on rubber gloved and used a big paint brush and started painting the dye on.  I let the top dry and turned it upside down and did the bottom.  After it all dried I rinsed with the hose until the water was clear.  Put the umbrella back up and it looks new.  Very satisfied with how it looks and saving so much money.  I am 74 years old and have used Rit Dye for many projects over the years.."
Worked like a charm dying white shoes to this shade! Just be careful and use your tape!
easy to work with
works
Easy to use...but not a true charcoal. My slipcovers look more purple than grey
I ordered the liquid not the boxed dye! Why didn't I get what I ordered and why did I have to pay more for boxed! Very disappointed!
Bright and awesome and easy to use!
"I used the dye on my pants that lost its black coloring after one wash and looked dark blue instead. After using the dye, the plants appeared black while rinsing and making sure no more dye washed off. Once I put it in the dryer, the pants seemed like a slightly faded black color."
"Very Nice, I do reccommend"
Saw no change what's so ever.
Very good tint
"good name brand, long time good product. Be careful with first and second washings, though. Some of the dye might bleed off on other clothing at first."
"Yay!! Followed the instructions on the back of the bottle,  but used full bottle in 3 gallons of hot water. I had a pair of very dark blue jeans and I wasn't sure it would work but it did! they're completely black now and I love it!"
Even better than I expected LOVE LOVE LOVE the color!
"Attempted to dye my preschooler's tightie whities since blue is his favorite color and it is next to impossible to find a pack of solid colored undies. The dyeing process wasn't too bad, except that it took forever to rinse the dye out. Before washing they were a dark blue, not royal blue but acceptable. After washing they turned periwinkle. Luckily my kiddo still likes the color."
"The worst. I will never fall for this crap again. Followed directions to the letter. Garment came out fine. Have washed it over a dozen times and it still bleeds and will stain other clothes. Do yourself a favor, if you want something a different color, go buy that color, this stuff sucks!"
great
"I recently dyed my ikea couch covers, and OMG...this stuff is amazing!!!!  I want to dye everything in my house now!"
Okay
"I tried to dye a pair of denim jeans that were just too faded, more gray than blue.  Left them in longer than suggested but they are still not a denim color, more of a grey/blue color.  Next time I am going to try navy and see if that works.  One nice thing is the dye doesn't come off in the washer if it is rinsed properly after dying."
Dye worked really well!
perfect as advertised
Brown is amazing.  Rich and beautiful.
I used this dye to cover up a bleach mark on my new pants.  It almost covered it completely.
meh
Not worth the cost and work involved with dying. Color was very uneven. Dye process was extremely messy and difficult to manage. Attempted to dye an old cream-colored dress. So much stirring for almost an hour just to get a splotchy color with about 5 different shades.
the price
"Tried to dye a faded black hoodie I had back to its original black color. Followed the instructions to the T. Literally no change in color whatsoever. In all fairness, I've never tried dying fabric before and, while I'm fairly certain that I did everything correctly, I'm also open to the idea that the problem may have been on my end, rather than the product.
<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Rit-Dye-Liquid-Fabric-Dye-8-Ounce-Black/dp/B001QX2G9S/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Rit Dye Liquid Fabric Dye, 8-Ounce,  Black</a>"
The Tangerine color unfortunately only gives a peach color despite using a sufficient quantity of dye. 
"very nice color, happy with it!"
It died my pants but washed out easily. Idk maybe it was me doing the instructions wrong.i said leave in for at least an hour. I left them in for about 4 hours while I was at a concert. Dont really recommend if your trying to dye jeans back. Or any rough fabric.
"havent used it yet but as expected and much larger quantity  than at walmart, better price too"
"I recommend leaving this dye in longer than the bottle says, or using it in higher concentration - The wine color looks very nice until it is washed a few times, and then it becomes pink.
Dye it twice, leave it in longer, or something, if you don't want a new pink pillowcase. That might be standard concept in dyeing, but as a novice I followed the directions on the bottle and was left with a color everyone else identified as pink, instead of the wine color I first saw. Maybe do a practice run on something cheap first.

That being said, the color has not faded after the second standard wash. I would use this product again, but buy extra in case I need it."
"The dye left dark spots on my blouse, can't get them out"
"EASY TO USE.  I would say this is more on the purple side than charcoal gray, but still a pretty color.  I loving using Rit to give new life to dingy whites.  Quick soak and you have a whole new garment."
Took two treatments to die an olive green 100% cotton (unlined) jacket. So far so good.
Worked as describe.l
"Really pretty color, WON'T dye synthetic fabric AT ALL. Just a heads up! It says it will: It will NOT.
That's okay though, the stuff it did dye was pretty :)"
Did not dye silky material very well.
The color came out much much darker- I was hoping for a pale pink as advertised but it came out a bright deep Barbie pink.
Warning - Bottle had the Tan label but contained a completely different color.
"Love Rit dyes, have used them for decades and the quality and durability of the colors has never changed.  I've tried other brands just to experiment but find myself returning to Rit for quality and color choice (they have the most colors.)  I used to use my top loading washer to dye my clothing/fabric which works well.  I now have a front loader and can't control the water level/agitation time.  I dyed my last batch in the sink and it worked just fine -- correct color and even application of the dye.  I washed the items separately after dying and they turned out great.  Cleanup requires chlorine bleach, but it was pretty easy with paper towels and a spray rinse."
Just as described. VERY SLOW  shipping!
Worked great!  Used it to ombre-dye a cotton tipi for my granddaughter.  Came out beautiful and she loves it.
It was listed under carpet die and I bought it for that. It doesn't even begin to qualify as tan. Just a couple drops in water turned the test spot a dark orange brown.
"I have been using rit dyes for many years and needless
 to say this one did not disappoint me either!"
The color was perfect for my project! The die tinted my lace perfectly.
"I purchased navy, but the color looks more like purple. Very disappointed."
Used this with a combination of black to create the perfect color for my Kim Possible cosplay (they mixed to get the color cedar on rit dyes website)! I had to dye the pants twice to get the desired intensity but I don't think that was any fault to the dye. It was my first time dying something so I think I was being a little too careful with the portion amounts I was using.
"I used it the day it arrived for some cheesecloth I had purchased. It worked well in my stainless steel sink with minimal residue left behind. I did get the residue to come right off with a magic eraser. As for the cloth, it soaked up the dye almost instantly. They turned out great!"
Product did not work and seal was broken.
"Works really well, but read the directions and know what material you're working with. Make sure you're using the right dye for the right material."
I ordered 3 bottles to dye some. after receiving product and reading instructions i was made aware that this dye cannot dye polyester which is what i wanted to dye. Nowhere in the description did it say anything about not being able to dye polyester.
"I used the entire bottle to die a thick white cotton belt. When the dye was wet, it was beautiful and about the color of the label. But it dried to a much lighter and dingier blue than I expected."
Need a lot of dye and didn't turn out very dark.
Good product.  Did perfect job for me.
Good color match worked great for my application
"Dulled the area I was trying to dye, did not turn completely black like I wanted."
Way more lemon than gold
"I love Rit dyes. This product works very well, but I ordered the denim blue expecting a true indigo blue color and it wasn't at all. The bottle I received shows a color a lot lighter than the one pictured on Amazon, but I'll still end up using it on one of my projects. Overall, Rit dye is a great product-- just be careful about getting the right color when ordering online."
"I used this to dye onesies. This dye is very dark at the recommended rate. I pulled the onesies early because I didn't want them that dark. They came out a little splotchy because I didn't let them saturate and stir enough,but I like them even more with the uneven dye!"
Maybe it would work on a Barbie shirt?
Followed the directions word for word and dyed a grey sweater dark grey instead of black. It faded back to the original color after 2 washes.
Great for tinting lace
Didn't work on some items
Great for my ribbons for my wedding. This dye is a great buy. No complaints
"Lost my first order, then the second one came quick so I wasn't mad but the dye didn't work at all. It turned my white shirt slightly green and my light grey shirt army like (and by army, I mean spotted and not consistently one colour)"
Works good arrived fast
Always great for my DIY projects.
Always great for my projects.
Nice bright color stain. I used it to update my bathroom rug to match my new accessory color from off white to purple. Just beautiful!
This stuff really works! its so cool!
"It worked very well to dye a cotton blanket, which came out beautifullly aqua!"
Stained my carpet green.
Worked 
ok
This was my first time dyeing anything and I used this to dye a white pair of Rugged Blue overalls and they came out amazing! I put the dye in a clear plastic bin and dyed the overalls in it. They came out really even and very vibrant.
"Even after following the instructions and multiple applications, the dye just washes out after a few wears."
"It works, but I haven't been able to figure out how to just color one area and not the whole thing."
I stained my hands if u want pure black you will need 2 but it says it on the bottle so it's good
I dyed my curtins worked pretty good... only thing is it came out pretty light
pretty color
Nice rich color but there were two spots on the fabric I was dyeing that just didn't take the die. I don't understand what happened since I followed the directions to the T
"I bought this to dye some cotton canvas shoes. The color came out a pinky purple (faded magenta) but I really was looking for a true purple color (like grape juice). Adding more dye just made it darker magenta. If used undiluted, the color is brown. I would not use this color on a one-of-kind item or if I needed it to be a specific color."
Works good you just need to concentrate it.
Do not get dark brown dye! It comes out purple. Kinda like a wine color
nice black color
Very prompt shipping. Great product.
"Good dye, but everything seemed to have a purple undertone, still looked grey but with a hint of purple..."
Tried to dye my couch with this but it did absolutely nothing. Do not reccomend.
Just as described. Classic quality !
"Love Rit dye i use it on everything. My clothes, my marabou boa, everything. Shipping time is amazing as you all no. & it does no harm to fabric at all. Ive dyed and redyed up to 5xs no difference in quality or feel. Dying time takes as little as 5 minutes with hot water. I dyed about 20-25 pieces of marabou boa 1 yard each with 1 bottle"
"TOTALLY NOT worth doing!!!!! Just go out and buy some new clothes, so much easier, cleaner and less of a head ache!"
"Used 1 bottle of dark brown to dye a light tan color coat. I liked the coat, but I didn't like the color so I never wore it. This did a good job. It did not make the coat as dark as the color on the bottle. For that color to match the bottle, I would need 2 bottles of dye. I already knew this. I just wanted the coat to be brown. I'm very happy with the way it turned out. I wear the coat a lot more now."
It works very well
"As I stated before under the Rit dye for synthetic fabric, I studied in The Fibers Department at PCA and went the proper method for dying (working with powdered dyes in a complicated process.) This was my first time using Rit Dyes and I can give this product enough credit. I also bought a really large stainless steel pot for heating the fabric on the stove while I was dying and this seems to be key to getting an outstanding dye job for all of my dying yesterday. Thank god, for such an effective product. I will definitely by using Rit Dyes again."
Great liquid dye
"Fantastic golden color.  Used for tie-die, gives shades of pale yellow to gold.
--->> Updated review.  These Rit dyes are terrible.  After about 20 washings, in cold water, these still bleed yellow on everything.
You don't just have to wash darks with darks - you have to only wash yellow things with yellow-dyed items.
Also, the very nice tie-dye patterns I had to start are mostly gone, as the yellow has faded from the bright areas, and bled into the pale areas."
Came out a little purple. Will need to dye the item again. Very easy to use though.
"This ""black"" isn't completely black, it has a reddish and bluish component. I've seem the same colors is some black ink pens. I used it to dye wood, so it may not be an issue with cloth or other materials. It mixes easily with water."
dosn't color
"I purchased this die with the intention of dying a cotton shirt that had been lightened greatly in spots where bleach had spilled on it (though I quickly rinsed the bleach out after the spill). I followed the directions on the bottle to the letter, but it created a brown tinted water in lieu of black. It seems the die had become separated as it first poured from the bottle quickly, then was more sludge like. At the time I was not sure if this was the correct viscosity as I hadn't used this product previously. It could have been a batch that was old or had been stored too hot or cold before shipping it to me; I'm simply not sure. The company does have a solid reputation in fabric dyes. I will not use the product again (obviously) and I would like to warn others."
"I wanted to dye an insipidly pale blue jumper and white T-shirt teal.  This dye  IMO is turquoise, and certainly not the colour I wanted.  It's a really lovely shade of turquoise if that's what you want.  I first tested the colour with white paper towel, and to darken it, I chose to add liquid denim blue to the ""teal"" bath one one teaspoon at a time, retesting after each addition and plenty of stirring.  Eventually, I got the exact shade of teal I wanted.  I used liquid colour fixative, rinsed, and rolled it in a towel  before a damp dry in the dryer.  I repeated the whole process with the T-shirt, but because it was white when I started, it took a bit more dye bath  adjusting, and a lot of patience. The T-shirt is deliberately lighter than the jumper and the combination is quite an outfit.  As an aside, the RIT liquid is much easier to use than the powder, because the powder takes a very long time to completely dissolve, and impatience will give uneven colour, or dark dye spots on the garment."
"As described, sworks well, was shipped fast."
perfect
Dye took to material well. Easy to use.
"Color will not set even after multiple treatments in vinegar and cold water.  I love the color, but I do not want my entire load of laundry this color."
"I wanted some vegan friendly dye to color some white pants I got. This stuff was great. Directions are very, very easy to follow and the results were just what I wanted!"
This dye goes a lot farther than expected! And i mean a lot farther. Bought 2 bottles only need one.
"I was able to darken all my black shirts and pants, it works."
Wear gloves... don't dye paper leaves a debris on your paper project.
its Dye. It works. Saved a dress I had only worn once! happy with purchase
Worked great to dye nylon dog collars and horse equipt
"Tried to dye my white comforter and used multiple bottles of dye, added salt like it says to, washed it before hand and it lightly colored it pink, washed it and the pink came out!"
Worked fine.
"The only one I could find reasonably priced, thank you"
"After looking at new towels of dubious quality I decided to try dying a couple of nice bath sheets that were looking faded and shabby - charcoal gray in keeping with my latest color scheme.  Great results, despite the size and absorbency of the terry probably putting me over the limit.

The towels are all 100% cotton, so that helped I'm sure.  Threw in a hand towel just for kicks.  It's interesting how the dye reacts with different colored items.  Next project will be a fluffy white 100% polyester robe with the synthetic dye."
Bueno Gracias
"Followed instructions to the T, used it to dye pair of white linen pants black. Gave it one star as its mimimum I could give. Came out looking dirtly grey , had to toss out  $50 pair of pants"
peechey
Great product and transaction!
It worked great on everything except a shirt that got bleach on it.  If a piece of clothing got bleached do not waste your time thinking any dye will do any good.  The fibers are different.
"I bought this to dye my curtains, the fabric type was on the list. It didn't even tint them.."
good
Perfect
Great results.
"Its baffling to see people leave poor reviews when its operator error. I used aquamarine, but for some reason its showing scarlet in the review. Anyway.  I had to do my batch of refurbs twice because I didn't do it right the first time. I dyed all my cotton underclothes that were plain white or grey.  Boring! On the first run, too much water, not enough dye. The result looked like the clothes had been blue but had been bleached. On second run, same amount of water, double dye. BEAUTIFUL! Talk about vivid, saturated color. I didn't do anything fancy, I used a 5 gallon bucket and a couple large pots of boiling water. I put the water in the bucket first, poured in both bottles of dye, then dropped the clothes in one at a time until they were all submerged. Then I just let them soak the rest of the day. I went back and stirred them sometimes, but after putting them in the dye, I didn't really bother with it. Everything turned out much better than expected, even the elastic. The grey tank tops even look really cool.  Since I did this in the only place with a door in the house, safe from 3 cats, 2 kittens, a 2 year old and a not very bright dog, when I was ready to rinse, I just dumped the bucket in the tub, then put the shower sprayer in the bucket on cold and let it run for a while. Rinse rinse, wring wring, dump the wrung pieces in the washer, wash on cold, rinse again; dry. Nothing is stained but my hands (stupid me) and the nonslip strips in the tub. No big deal. The aqua is prettier anyway.

Note: I said bottles of dye. Im sure some people swear by the boxed powder dye, but Ive used both, and find the liquid much easier to use and control. When Ive used the powder, unbeknownst to me at the time, it had foofed a fine dust over other items, so when they got wet, they were stained."
The color is amazing.  I used the stove top method to tie dye 3 shirts.  Would recommend.
Dyeing takes some skill.  I didn't do a very good job.
my old truck carpets turned out great. very happy camper.
Im generally pleased with this dye. I have a bath robe which I wanted to dye blue. The process was pretty easy using the washing machine. The color isn't as dark as I expected but I only used one bottle with about 2-3 pounds of fabric.
"Used this for my three year olds ""man with the yellow hat"" halloween costume. Worked well!"
shipping wasn't to well. Received the product inside an open bag.
Used navy blue and charcoal grey and worked great on my jeans!!
Tried to dye a lavender dress in to navy blue. Did as the bottle instructed and dress ended up same color as it was from the start.
Dye is dye
It is a good dye.
I bought this thinking it will cover my bleach stains that I got on my shorts. I tried 3 times using this & It still has the bleach stain
"turned my yellow oven mitts that were stained and no longer match my new kitchen, a beautiful dark blue. Love it!"
This dyed white cotton drapes a coral color. Disappointing.
This stuff works great when redying my boyfriends work pants. Lasts a long time too!
"I followed the directions perfectly, and it turned out purple. Maybe because the material I was dying was a blend?"
"Did not enjoy, Bad quality."
"TERRIBLE COLOR. The ""Petal Pink"" looks like the color of the meat packaging plastic at grocery stores. Simply too heavy, not petal pink."
Excellent product
I order 2 bottles of the same color. However I received different colors.
"I used this to dye a vest for my son's Halloween costume. It says you can use it in the washer to dye, but I was a little hesitant to do that. I used a bucket and boiled some water. Since I only needed this for one item and had no intention of saving the rest, I used the whole bottle and rinsed the vest until the water was clear before I washed it. It didn't appear that any color came out in the wash, and my son was very happy with the end result."
"I dyed a pair of light gray plastic goggles and they came out a perfect pitch black (someone told me to add a cup of vinegar to the dye, so that might've helped the plastic accept the dye).

I also bought ""dark green"", the color of which looks far different than what's portrayed on the bottle...it's a much darker gray-green.  Used it on a jacket w/ a white silkscreen pattern (unknown plastic).  It took 4x the recommended dye concentration and leaving the garment soaking overnight to stain the silkscreen (but forgot to add vinegar or salt).

The instructions suck. In a ""general info"" paragraph, it says to add salt, but doesn't say anything about salt in the actual dying instructions...so I forgot to add it.

Tips:

* Buy enough dye so you can fully submerge your fabrics (probably gonna use more than you think).

* Add salt for most materials and also add vinegar for plastics.

* If using stove-top, be sure you have a GIANT 16 quart stainless steel pot...and prepared for a GIANT mess (are you sure it's worth it?)"
Worked on cotton cloth. Easy to use in washing machine.
"I followed instructions on bottle. I dyed two.white dust ruffles for twin XL beds. The items turned out medium grey rather than charcoal grey, but it might have been because items were 100% microfiber, which I read is not recommended for dyeing. Overall, pleased with results."
Excellent quality
Did not take well even after adding salts. Just wasted money on cotton towels that wouldn't hold dye.
great color
I purchased this product to dye fabric flower petals from the Dollar Tree for my daughter's wedding.  We were able to find recipes for dye that helped us to achieve the perfect shade of blush pink by searching online.  This product is very easy to use and we were delighted with the results.  It helped us to save $$ on wedding decorations.
Loved it! Simple to use and the color was perfect!
"worked good. I dyed about 6 garments in boiling water with it. Royal blue, and not the color of the bottle."
"Bought the charcoal grey,used it twice. It did not change a medium blue cotton jacket to charcoal grey. But I was content with the resulting navy blue.
It did recolor a linen tan shirt to charcoal grey. In the case of the jacket, I had short-cut the directions.
For the shirt I pretty much followed the directions and it worked well. Can't tell my linen shirt didn't come from the factory in charcoal.

Several decades since I had used dye. Researching for a clothing dye I came across the RIT name and product. I recognized it immediately, surprised to see it was still in the market place. I highly recommend it."
Ok
Excellent color
"Wow does this work well. My husband wanted to go as Willy wonka for Halloween but I couldn't find a purple suit coat for a reasonable price anywhere. Ended up purchasing this dye and a 79 cent beige coat from the Salvation Army. Used a giant bucket in my bathtub, filled it with hot water, all of the dye, a scoop a salt (didn't measure) and squeeze of dish soap (again didn't measure), and let it sit for 20 minutes mixing it every once in a while with salad tongs. The coat turned out literally perfect.  Total color coverage, and even after washing it a few times in the washing machine on cold. This stuff works and works well"
Rit is famous for their dyes and reliability.
Came in a different bottle that probably was expired.
"It is absolutely no good. , no use and a great frustration for me"
Not very strong.
nice
Worked well on cotton chinos. Dark green color looks like a forest ranger uniform.
Had a batch of black belgian linen napkins that were fading.  This darkened them right up with very little effort.  Just made a batch in a stainless pot on the stove.  Will depend on Rit whenever I need to dye something.
Not applicable to my project.
"It was OK. It dyed my denim skirt slightly but I had to use an entire bottle, and I included all the additives like a cup of salt. I also left it in the dye bath for at least 30 minutes."
Absolutely terrible. Did not change the color of a cotton jacket at all. Completely absurd.
Does not work.  Color does not stay
"I got this because my dry cleaner somehow got bleach on my jean jacket (although they claim it was already like that when i dropped it off....)  If you are going to spot treat denim, which is what I did, don't dilute it.  wet the denim, shake well, dip a q-tip in the bottle, and dab on the small area.  let it set 20 minutes and rinse with a little mild soap.  then do it again right away, if the bleached spot is still noticeable.  I sort of blended the edges out, too, so there wouldn't be an obvious line.  two times did it for me.  going to do the other two spots tonight.  im very happy with how the first spot looks!"
I dyed my carpet in my trailer because of sun fade and I was amazed how it looks. Completely satisfied at a low cost.
It dyes but did not work
"Rit Dye has been around longer than me and that's a long time! It's amazing at the great colors it comes in. It's easy to use and the price is so economical! It can be used for so many projects!
Thanks for having, MTQ"
Fast delivery and pretty green
Left my peach pants brown
It was green fluid in my container
No matter how much dye I use on my white costume the dye just washes away when I'm rinsing after dying. Everything turns purple not navy blue :(
"I followed the instructions very closely.  I even tried the vinegar solution after to ""seal"" the color.  The product seemed to work very well at first but after a couple of hand washes (cold water, no drier), my shirt looked exactly as it did before.  The exact same faded black old fabric look came back.  This does not last at all."
Easy to use. I dyed two lamp shades with this in my stainless steel sink (I had to scrub with comet and vinegar to get it out of my sink). They look great in my daughter's nursery. Still plenty left to dye something else.
The color did not come out evenly as I hoped it would
I love it. Especially the color
Excellent service and loved the color
"It's dye, what can you say good or bad about it?"
The dye is really weak used up half a bottle on my first batch and it ended up the same. FYI I know how to read instructions
RIT dyes are great. Always dependable.
Used this in the washer to dye cotton pillow cases and chair cover. I let it soak for a good two hours. Came out as a nice muted medium blue with a touch purple.
"Didnt work for me,I waisted my time and money. Dont buy it!!!"
"Product not as described.  I purchased the dark green Rit Dye.  The bottles I received say ""Dark Green"", but the dye is NOT green at all.  It's black.  The bottles had been opened when I received them today.  Now, my clothing that I was dying dark green is ruined!"
LOVE!  )O(  WILL buy again.
LOVE!  )O(  WILL buy again.
"I followed the instructions to the letter and it did not dye anything, maybe it was old. I don't know, it just didn't work"
"I bought this from my local craft store (coupons!) but loved it enough to leave a review. When I started a new job, of the color options for scrubs was ""red."" Enter my fire engine red scrubs.
However, after taking the tags off and washing them, I realized what they meant was ""sangria""

Scrubs: 40 dollars.
Dye (plus color stay, same company): about 7.

It did cost me a couple hours, a 5 gallon bucket, a cup of salt, dash of soap (check out their website for info), and a stick. And singing ""boil boil, toil and trouble...."" but scrubs came out great, even left the brand logos and contrast stitching correct.

Ps, my scrubs are 52% cotton, 45% poly and 3% spandex"
as expected
"The violet that they picture as pink? It's not pink, it's a VERY dark purple. Don't order it if you need it anywhere near pink. The person putting together these photos must be colorblind or stupid. And you can't return it either. I'd have rated lower if I could have, what a crock."
Works great! My faded black jeans look almost brand new!! Hoping the color stays for a while after I wear and wash it.
Great Dye
perfect
I am impressed. The coverage is great and it seems to be long lived when done right.
"Great price, fast service, works great"
"Okay, but did not dye items black."
this price is amazing for this stuff
"as pictured, arrived on time"
Tried to dye my golf balls - left it in there for like an hour... didn't work at all
I used it to dye my cotton shirt and Nylon bag.  My pink bag became dark purple but the handle and the thread still remain as pink as the dye didn't work on that material.  It became the highlight of the bag. I like it very much.
Didn't dye what we were trying to color.
"it was green in the bottle ,  freaked out at first, i did not remember that being the case from the past.  Luckily some consumers told me that is the case.  Great now."
works great jeans look new.
"Bought the denim blue in hopes of dying a really light pair of jeans to a more medium/dark denim color. First of all, this is not ""denim blue"" at all - it's more of a weird purply-blue. Looks nothing like a natural denim color.

Secondly, WHAT. A. MESS. Had to rinse the jeans probably 20 times before the water ran clean. I'd stopped when I had the color that closely matched what I wanted (per the instructions). But after rinsing over and over and over, the color was very light, hardly darker than when I started. Waste of money (and worse, time)."
"This is kinda a lighter shade of denim and I wanted a darker denim color. So if you want a darker denim look, you may want to combine the black and the denim blue color together. Maybe a 60/40 ratio between the two. And FYI, if you have distressed that you are hoping to darken, keep in mind that the white distressed threading areas will be dyed also. So that will sort of lose the distressed look, and look kind of weird. I made this mistake so FYI."
not good
"My pants I dyed came out as red instead of chocolate brown.  The dye looked red when I poured it in the wash.  Maybe I'm color blind but this is the color I would expect from dying with the ""wine"" color."
Clothes weren't that darker. Will try powder and see.
"Tried to dye shoes and they came out purplish red, not brown?"
I just dye my black Levi's and turned them into a nicer color. I went to Rit's website and follow their instructions super easy. 1 bottle is good for one item.
"I needed to dye a lace tank top for my wedding! It was the exact color I needed, I loved it!"
"love it!! First, i thought it wouldn't work because of the negative reviews but it works. For best results, i recommend to boil the water while tinting the cloth."
"It didn't meet my needs, but I wasn't using it on fabric, so I can't give it a fair review."
Worked as advertized.  I used to to dye stain props for a drone. Worked great!
It said it's been on the way since July 27th it says it's on time on its way should be here as expected August 17th it's past that I don't under stand
works perfect!
"The diections are microscopic and tough to read, but easy to follow. The dye comes out the right color, but doesn't stay on the fabric without fading. I dyed white flat sheets."
This is really good to have on hand if you work like I do and get bleach spots platters and spots you just read I the shirt the same color and it comes out really pretty
Worked perfect to dye my jeans to a very deep blue.
This dye did not do the job. It actually made the clothes look worse. Some parts were darker than others. I could not find one good thing to say about this dye. I would not buy again.
I tried to redye a pir of pants that i previously attempted using rit graphite grey dye. The dye only works well on lighter fabrics like knits  as it successfully dyed the knit fabric i used but appeared dark almost black on the light grey pant that i wanted to give a deeper grey shade. 
no use at all
"Great product if you have patience.

Used it on my slip-ons that the sun bleached. I applied the dye to the sneakers let it dry for a few hours then dunked them in a waterbath with a little bit more dye. Let it sit in there for 3 days then took them out to dry in a shaded area. Dye has not ran off to my socks. Has also withstood a quick water hose wash."
It worked beautifully
"Great stuff, beautiful color!"
"I dyed my sheepskin rug with it. The coverage was good and it turned out better than expected, but the colour is all wrong. I wanted a charcoal grey as indicated on the bottle, but the results were more of an eggplant/deep purple colour. I rather like the colour but if you're expecting a charcoal grey you may be in for a surprise!"
"The manufacturer modestly forgets to mention that the blue dye (and this review pertains to the blue dye only) is very sensitive to sweat and other stains. If you try to treat an older white shirt as I did, it will look beautiful... except your armpit areas will look like you wore this shirt in a sweatshop for about two decades - i.e., you will ruin your shirt forever."
The product was exactly what I thought it would be.
"This stuff is amazing.  Works well, works relatively quickly, and can really be manipulated in regards to the shade with time."
"I didn't read the directions and tried to use it on polyester. It rinsed right out. even though I made a mistake, this is still a good product."
Muy bueno
"I tried this on a small piece of nylon I wanted to dye black, and it tinted it purple...
This was just a removable strap, so I could get an idea of how it would work.
I heated the water up, but it just didn't take well.

There is still enough left to attempt the item I want to do (LBV vest), but I'm not sure if I should bother. I'd rather have an ugly CP pattern, than a tinted purple CP pattern :3

I may try again with hotter water, and with a bunch of vinegar to help it bite into the fabric.

It was 3 bucks, so it's not a total loss.. But i'm still frustrated. It's drying now and I made a bit of a mess."
"I dyed a set of king size sheets and three pillow cases with this dye. I have had the sheets for about 8 years and they were kind of faded.  I used two bottles of dye.  The color was softer than I wanted, and a little uneven on one pillow case, but I salvaged the set of sheets that I would have gotten rid of otherwise."
"I tried to dye a roughly three yard piece of linen cloth with this product, and I was extremely disappointed. The finished product was splotchy and deep purple rather than black."
I've bought this item twice over the course of months and I knew nothing about dying fabric but this is an easy to use dye and the directions are on the bottle and I just love how my clothes come back to life with this magic in a bottle !!!!
A+
Excellent results.
uneven dyed on my cloth
Does not work for tie dye.
Used it for a cotton sun faded swim coat.  I  worked great!
Required multiple soakings
"Works like a charm, just make sure you use more than the bottle tells you and follow the rest of the instructions to the T.
Especially the salt part."
"Worked great ! Even new HE tops loader. Have no,way to soak effectively but every few minutes on agitation, I would pause it, lid the lid for 5 minutes, then start again, pause for 5 , then start and twin comforter came out great with 2 bottles"
"I used this dye on 100% cotton muslin, following directions exactly.  It ended up purple.  Not purplish grey, just purple.  I now have 12 yards of purple fabric instead of grey."
"Great results dying a tencel jacket from a pale blue to gray.
Some other reviewers have complained of splotchy results or colors that they weren't expecting.  If you use the liquid dye or dissolve the powdered dye thoroughly then the problem is not the dye, it is the way you are applying it or the condition of the item itself.  For example if you don't stir continuously during dyeing, or if your item is worn unevenly or not perfectly clean.  As for color, that is dependent in the fabric type and the dye conditions (soak time, water temp).  Do a swatch test if at all possible!  Also you can do a google image search and find a picture of how different fiber types look after use if different RIT dyes."
"These dyes may have been on sale when I bought them (if i remember correctly), so for the price I would say It was well worth it. I dyed a silk/nylon type fabric, and expected the color to be a little more vibrant. However, I do believe if I would have dyed a cotton fabric, this would have been super vibrant. I still have some left, and plan to do some more dying on cotton and will update my review. I used Petal Pink."
Dyed my jean jacket with this and the navy blue. turned out perfect.
"I used this dye to refinish a carpet. It went on easily, and lasted for years. After about 8 years, it changed in one corner from navy to violet. But no problem, I redyed it and it went on nicely."
"Beautiful dye - misleading directions. If you follow them exactly, the color is very, very pink. Cut the dye amount in half and the time submerged in half if you really want that pretty pale rose quartz color!"
perfect color
Used this for wood stain---works good--get some
great
Color faded quite a bit after washing.
This was awesome!  I still have some left but it perfectly dyed what I needed and came out even.
PERFECT PURPLE DYE.  THANKS SO MUCH...
"This is great dye, so easy to use, and a lovely color.  I use a big 5 gallon bucket and plastic gloves, and do it outside to minimize risk of damage in the house. It has pretty good durability/permanency, with a little fading of color in the beginning as the loose dye washes out, but there's still an intense color. It's a bargain on Amazon (about $2.50 per 8 ounce) compared to other brands."
Maybe my fault but the dye didn't work. At first looked ok but after the first wash it washed away and stained rest of my clothes in that wash.
Its a great color.  Thanks.
"Dyed a pair of shorts pink with this dye and they came out perfectly and haven't bled in my other clothes, I just washed them a couple of times with like colors first. Will add a picture later"
very easy to use
Did nothing to change my closes.
This doesn't really die on polyester or sweaters very well. So if you're planning to use it on that the best you can expect is a light taupe. On my already flesh-colored tank top I dyed it and the only thing that died was the armpits. So now I have a shirt I can't even wear cuz it has taupe armpits and flesh-colored body kicker is that the armpits are also the same material as the rest of the shirt
This dye bleeds like hell in the wash and will stain your other clothes. The dyed items lose their color intensity.
I was trying to dye my already tan towels that lost color after using some face wash with harsh ingredients. This dye did not dye the towels evenly and now there are dark spots as well and faded spots. I followed the directions and don't understand what I did wrong.
"Lame. Turned white cotton pockets about 20% Gray, no where near black. Pants themselves much the same, slightly darker, not even close to black."
Dyed some sun bleached Kevlar leggings.  I left it on the stove to keep the water hot.  Did the trick.  They look much better.
Good product. Thank you.
"I m so upset for bought this product. Last time I had powder pink color. It was really good. But this time I could not find black color in powder . I thought it is same brand, that is why I bought. But it is really shock me.. I even don't want give one start. This photo is from pink to black .. anyone can see it is black??"
the right color for dying a lighter shade of this color curtains
"I followed instructions exactly as printed on box. Dyed white t-shirts and socks, all cotton. Color when wet didn't look like the bottle, but it was a nice solid color. But  when I got finished rinsing and washing, as per instructions, it came out a light lavender. Terrible. Clothes look just like if it was an accident."
"works well, or at least better than the powder"
"When your of the Gothic subculture this is a must for your pantry. Large stock pot, salt, little heat (speed up things) and you can get your blacks looking new again. Or even better ""fix"" the shirts that the manufacturer ""forgot"" to dye black and left white."
most of the time things come out gray even when you follow instructions. If you want black i would buy 2.
I darn near ruined a chambray jumper.  RIT on the stove in a stainless steel pot saved it!  Easy as you please.  Color is staying fast and not bleeding on to other clothes when the jumper is washed.
is very cheap
Nice
Works
"IT WAS GREAT , NOW ALL MY UNDERWEAR IS BRIGHT YELLOW.  THE CHICKS LOVE IT."
Good product
"I am happy to try this product out, I never dyed any fabrics before and was happy their website provided good instructions! I dyed my cosplay and it came out wonderful, I love the color, thank you!"
"I fallowed the instructions to dye white cotton overalls red, and knowing that the dye job might fade a little bit I washed them the first time with light pink sheets and white wash rags. Everything is a medium pink now, the overalls are a faded red"
was dyeing to use it :)
The dye didn't fade after we dyed our shirts. It was a great shade of pink. It was darker the longer you let it sit.
Did not work as directed
"I bought in bulk and I followed directions step by step. It did not dye my dresses black, instead it was a very light gray. One shirt turned out brown but all the clothes blead out the color so easily . It ruined my clothes and I feel very disappointed."
My skirt got a new life )
"Great results, easy to use. I darkened some of my lighter wash denim with it."
Works great. Did the washing machine method for this color and it's held up well.
Certainly doesn't work as good as the box kind
This is more of a purple/blue than true navy blue and leaves the fabric dull looking.
Not good for beige carpet... made a mess... and far too dark to be useful without thinning down.
I used this product to die a light blue shirt dark blue and it did not work at all! I followed all of the directions and used the whole bottle for one cotton t shirt. I would not purchase again. very unhappy.
It worked great and as advertised. It's a little difficult to figure out exactly what shade is going to come out on the different types of fabric..Also I really couldn't find any visual samples of the colors. I just assumed it must be similar to the color on the bottle.
Easy to use in washer. Even color. Made all my faded knit shorts and pants look new again.
Terrible. Don't waste your money.
It's actually red dye!
Dyed my faded black jeans and it worked great. I used the hot water in the bucket method. Very easy.
"Isn't isn't as true black as I was hoping for, it is almost a faded blue-purple color mixed with black.  Wouldn't buy again if I was looking for a true black."
Wash repeatedly to avoid stains on your clothes.
I followed the instructions for the washing machine but it didn't work!
After washing my newly dyed items they turned purple :(
"How do you say great ? Did the job, dye was evenly dispensed ."
"Works best with clothes that are ALREADY black. Used to dye some heavily fibered bed sheets and it didn't phase them at all. They remain tye-dye black-blue-grey. The material IS cotton. I know this for sure. Not impressed. Messed up a ton of my other clothes in the wash AFTER processing with vinegar and being sure to clean machine. Messy to use, messy to have used in general. Overall, heavily disappointed with this product. Will buy the other brand next time and hopefully have actually redeemable results."
"First off, I purchased my bottle at a local store but it is the same product. I have dyed things before with better results. I would recommend having lower expectations (maybe dying a white garment another color). In my case, I tried to dye a white sequin shirt, a red shirt, and a leopard print skirt all black in the same batch. Each garment was a different blend of natural fibers with a small percent of elastic. I used the suggested cup of salt in very hot water stirring constantly. I also used a vinegar soak afterwards for 1 hour as suggested by a top review. The results were disappointing as you can see in the photos. The white tank top is a chocolate brown, the red shirt is maroon, and the cheetah print is visible as grey rather than tan before."
This die works well but doesn't seem to last long in my jeans fabric.
Great
Brighter than I expected but did the job.
"Used the whole bottle, soaked over night. Did not work."
Horrible dye job messed up my rugs even though I followed the directions.
Yes used to tie dye t-shirts for students at school. We did 140 students and colors were bold. Awesome
I bought 10 bottles to dye 3 cushion covers and non of them worked. Rubbish.
GORGEOUS! Absolutely beautiful outcome. Love love love. Definitely buying more colors 
"The color is supposed to be tan my ivory dress is. Is the color orange of the rating stars ""ugly"""
Revitalized my old pair of cords. So worth it when you have a good fitting (but faded) pair of pants. I did the dye job in a bucket of hot water in my basement sink. The color of my pants was VERY even. Looks like they just came out of the store.
"Worked well, dyed the cotton a rich color."
"Works well, however much cheaper at Walmart. I've used this to dye tons of clothes back to new."
I was expecting a dark green like a hunter or forest green when I dyed 1000+ wood beads but the color turned out to be a peacock blue. This has never happened to me.  I followed the instructions: shook the bottle vigorously and used hot water.  I even double dyed the beads hoping the color would go green but the peacock blue only got darker.  I am disappointed.  I am thinking they did not add enough yellow to this batch.
"We had to use the dye twice, as we had spots of material that didn't take the color the first time, but after the second application, it looked great!"
great product
Great color!
perfect solution for coloring your pants.
Exactly what I needed. Rit in Wine. I dyed my stained cotton placemats. A few had old bleach marks and still turned out perfect. They were originally a medium to light paper bag brown. My husband thought I'd bought new ones lol
Always works
"It was black, not green."
I use this product for dying my lace wigs. U can't keep it in the dye for a long time. You have to check to see if it's the right color that you want it to be.
"This dye looked purple ( it was denim blue). I tried to darken jeans that had too much of a faded look in some parts. It darkened them a little bit, but it left a pink tint. Now they look worse than before."
"Great, works as described. Nothing more to say about that bottle opener. How about that good stuff?  Why so many words required for a review?"
It turned my carpet dark gray and that was after several versions of carpet cleaner to remove it. It was a total waste of money.
"Delivered to my front door, in a timely manner, and very useful as well as it is decently priced.  Wonderful"
Before and after photos of my project. Used Rit Wine & Rit Deep Purple. 4 stars. Seems to fade over time/washes...
Good price & quick shipping.
Great for dying lace
"As expected
Thanks"
Worked great on a pair of faded black jeans. Was a bit of a hassle to do but worth it saved me lots of money.
"Dye only really worked half way. Tried to dye purple to black and it only made it darker purple. Customer service wasn't too good but they did tell me its heat activated between 140-160. Bought more and maintained heat, no different, didn't work."
Always count on Rit.
"This is not royal blue, but it's a nice color of blue."
Not really wat i thought it would do for me
"Every time I try to use this dye, the end result is purple fabric. I've used this on Cotton and Polyester blended fabric previously."
"One bottle revived a pair of jeans, a long sleeve polo and a pair of shorts"
This dye works pretty well. I used this to dye to breath new life into a couple of my favorite ball caps. They used to have some bright colors on it but Now I think they look better as all black.  I would buy this dye again.
"I love RIT products.  I was hoping to dye a beige Pussycat Hat for the Women's March.  It did dye it pink, but it wasn't as dark pink as I was hoping, perhaps due to the material of the hat.  however, when I dyed a cotton washcloth, it turned out perfectly dark pink!"
"Great easy to use product. Just take my advice, test the colors before hand. My Chocolate Brown is really Rose Burgundy...

But any thing was better than the original color.."
Color came out even and true.
"it was not green, the liquid was purple im very disappointed with this product. it mest up my law enforcement pants"
Fair
Great product! Loved i! Save me a lot of money! It helped me hide bleach drops
good
I needed to dye a zipper (first mistake).  Rit seems to be the standard but it took me three attempts to get the color that I wanted even thought I used their recipe.  It also took me three attempts to get the color to set.  The fabric certainly could have been the problem but it would have been nice to have a 'stronger' die that was easier to set.  Probably great for light fabrics but thick ones take some effort.  The end result was great though.
"Instructions followed to the T and there was zero change in the color of the garment. Tried to dye black jeans that had faded over time into pitch black again, and they remain grey !! How is that even possible after following the instructions and leaving the product soaking in for 60 min, which was the longest mentioned in the bottle?"
Not what I was looking for. The color is way different the beige color I needed to dye my bleached carpet. Maybe I need to mix colors to get the right color or close enough.
Tried to dye pink pants black but this did not dye the seams on my pants so they remained bright pink with the rest of the fabric a different color. Also dyed in splotches despite stirring while dying. Not happy with the result and ended up throwing the pants away.
Really great dye and was able to dye synthetic fabric!!
Woks well
"Great color! I love purple and used it to dye a white cotton jacket I got on sale. I still have a lot left, as is usually the case with rit dyes (I usually only dye about a lb of fabric at a time, which leaves me half a bottle) but that means the next thing I want to dye purple shall be instantaneous!"
"Automotive carpet... remove carpet, or plan on having car in garage a couple days to dry. READ INSTRUCTION!!!!  Used liquid dye, with the vinegar they tell you to use. Hot water, dye, vinegar, wonderful results.....laid carpet on tarp on lawn. Sponge on the dye with a sponge mop, went over spots that needed a bit extra.  I had to put them in the garage wet as we got a 36 hour rain shortly after. Nice and dry, the vinegar smell is gone, and they look great and soft.  These carpets were a navy blue faded really bad and some color was gone from brake fluid getting on them. Now almost look good as new."
This is more of a blue teal and Inwas looking for the teal green color.
Doesnt work like its supposed to
I refurbished my black (green at this point) converse and now they look brand new
I followed the directions to a tee and this dye did absolutely nothing!  Don't waste your time or money on this!
I have dark brown color shirts and shorts I recall room and it's cheaper to recolor than to buy new ones this makes them last longer
By far my go-to dyes! So many magical creations and combinations can be achieved! And they come in so many colors!
"Used one bottle on a cream-colored sweatshirt (after already attempting to dye it to a dark gray color but it ended up sort of bluish-gray with a powder dye) and it became a perfect charcoal gray. Using the liquid dye worked much better than the powder I tried previously at getting an even color without spots. A second bottle would have made it jet black, so I'm glad I only went with one bottle."
"I use this Rit dye to pep up faded black clothes.  My son is obsessed with wearing black and he is picky.  Rather than buy new clothes I run them through a black color dye and they are back to looking good.  Wash them in cold only after dying and use the hottest water you can for dying.  I personally just throw the clothes in the wash and pour the dye in it works well, and I have no problems with staining of the washer.  I have done this in both top loading and front loading washers.  This is a great way to get more value for your clothes dollar.  For a black pair of jean type heavy fabric pants I would use one bottle per item.  For smaller items (shirts) or cotton you can put two items in together.  I use an extra long washing cycle when dying clothes."
"Couldn't help me when my black sweater got a little bleach on it, but totally re-dyed my faded black jeans. Lose some, win some!"
This worked very well.
Great die
Perfect
"Excellent coverage for my towels, just as promised."
excellent!
Perfect!!! Dyed an old cotton tablecloth and it turned out great.
"I tried to dye a pair of dark gray jeans black and they just got dark grayer(?) but I don't think it's Rit's fault. I know dyeing black is supposed to be harder than lighter colors, but thought I could at least try. According to the bottle, I should've only needed half the bottle, but I read online to use the whole thing (at least for a dark black.) Anyway I'll be trying again soon knowing that and hopefully things will go better. It didn't stain my tub at all, so that's a plus."
works well
"Used on denim as was recommended to me, and followed the instructions to a T. Did not end up with black denim. It did darken the denim, however it wasn't close to black."
"Just know that if you are using this product to color fabric that has been accidentally bleached, it will not work."
This bottle must have been mislabeled! I have been using Rit dye for decades and never had a problem like this. I dyed various items -- mostly cotton from white to beige to pink and they ALL turned grape purple. It's awful.
Great color for your dye needs.
Definitely NOT green!!! I tried using this product and I came out grey.
"Product as expected, arrived on time."
"I haven't used it yet, but have used this product before, I trust that it will be fine."
"This worked great for dying cotton. Nylon, not so much"
The product didn't work at all. I followed all instructions but the result on my clothes is terrible.
"Its not really applicable on all fabrics, you need check what you gonna dye first!"
Nice size. Can't wait to dye the clothes to see how they end up looking.
Rit is the only product I think of when thinking of clothing dye. That says a lot.
"I dyed two pair of jeans. Results were satisfactory. Even using their fixative, it still required multiple washings to not bleed too much. It did not dyd very uniformly, which is to be expected, but it was much more non-uniform that I would have hoped."
Can't go wrong with Rit
"Did the intended job but I have to say, I'm shocked at the copious amounts of water it takes to dye garments.  If you run this through the machine, be sure to run it multiple times after.  I suggest using some old white socks or tear up a white tee shirt, adding one piece to each wash until they stop coming out pink.  Not sure I'll ever do it again."
Perfect!
"I purchased the teal color dye which turned out really dark and pretty, but I didn't realize that my curtains are 100% polyester so the dye didn't adhere at all and wound up completely washing out in the washing machine. Make sure your fabric is made for this type of dye before buying."
"Denim blue makes everything purple, not blue.
Not blue-ish purple either, it's pure purple. I followed the instruction in the washing machine and everything is nice purple.
White cotton hat, white cotton tank tops and t shirts all purple.

Cocoa brown is perfectly brown. Nice color."
Did not work :/
"Didn't color at all.  It could have been the material, but I have no way of knowing."
"dyed my white polo this color, worked well."
"WOW! Great product, great price, great vendor = Great DEAL!  I'm impressed! Thanks!"
It was fine. Just think the color on the box does not match the pink I got
I think the product is good but maybe I do not know how to use it. The shoes stain the skin and the clothes
Just the color I needed. Definitely darker though than the pic but that's actually what I was hoping would happen!
Worth it! My jeans look like new
"Great product!!
I used the whole bottle on a pair of black pants and a black skirt. Worked perfect!
Both articles were faded and I was getting disappointed since I loved both pieces. I thought I would try this out and I'm so happy I did!
Followed the directs exactly and worked great!"
woorks
I tried dying two pair of faded black jeans and it didn't work. I followed the instructions on the bottle and the jeans came out looking the same
Got a polyester 70s bridesmaid dress from pink to pretty lavendar!
"I gave this dye a low rating because the color is not a golden yellow. The dye worked well but now I wish I could remove it from the pillows I dyed due to fading. Beware. This is NOT Golden Yellow as described, it is the color of a Tonka truck. A hideous orange yellow."
Does the job but i wish it would last a bit longer
"Didn't work with the material, I was trying to dye. Thanks anyway."
Pretty pink - a little darker pink than I thought but still nice
Looks great at first. But after only 2 washes the fabric starts to fade fast
We always use the excellent and reliable Rit Liquid Dye!
DYED THE FABRIC TWICE AND DID NOT WORK.
good works great
"Wow, excellent job!"
Old worn faded and stained sweatshirt came out like new!  Very pleased.  1 bottle to make 1 sweatshirt deep forrest green.
Isn't Rit always good? That's why it's been around so long.
It did not work
"Really, the instructions and limitations on the side of the bottle should be part of the listing. Dye is tricky and garments of different types of material are critical to a proper result. This did not work on a polyester/rayon blend but worked very well on portions of a hat that were cotton. I personally would not recommend you purchase a dye where you are not able to read everything on the side of the product's container. Rit has more than just this type of dye. They have dyes for specific man-made materials and instructions can involve adding either salt or vinegar depending on the material. I suggest getting this product at a store that has a variety of dye types and colors where you can thoroughly read the instructions."
"I just dyed my favourite white knit shirt with this dye,  it came out great!  I'm so pleased!"
I'm required to wear VERY dark blue jeans to work. I soaked my jeans overnight in my washer. It didn't help. You could barely tell I had even use the dye. Worst money spent.
Can't go wrong with Rit dye.
"Vendor shipped quickly, and it was just what I needed and couldn't find locally - thank you!"
This is a good product
"IT WAS  A WASTE, since you need to use hot water all it did was shrink my jeans."
Color turned out great!
"I followed the instructions for the fabric of the pants. These were white scrub pants that are a cotton, polyester, spandex mix. So who knows...maybe being a blend affected how they take color. But they soaked in the dye (with my cup of salt and squirt of dish soap) for six hours. I stirred constantly for the first half hour. Then I stirred about every thirty minutes the remaining time, just to ensure there was even dyeing. When I pulled them out of the pot, they *looked* like they were going to be navy. But then after drip drying, they are kind of a grayish blue. They kind of look like jeans. It's not a bad color, but not what I was hoping for to be able to use these for work. So they're going to be lounge pants for around the house. I give three stars because it was relatively easy to use. But knocked off a couple because I feel like if it's supposed to be navy, it should at least be in the neighborhood. Regarding water (because I'm sure somebody will assume I used too much), I only had enough in the pot to cover the pants. It amounted to maybe two gallons. I used the entire bottle of Rit. It's also overpriced on here. Apparently Walmart has it for $3.33."
"Product worked very well. As a warning, though, I added more that was necessary and ended up with a color significantly darker than teal. It is better than what I started with, but not what I wanted. I recommend dying a sample if possible to start."
Thank you
Awesome
"I dyed a nice faded Guess Hoodie and my wife's Old Navy pants that looked charcoal black and both items came out great. I did the stove top method ie, got a big pot with 3 gallons of water and put the whole can of Rit in. I used a cooking thermometer and brought the water temp up to 140deg. F, additionally I added a half cup of salt. The directions said to add a whole cup of salt. I'm very happy with the result."
Fhe color is just awful. Not what I would call apple green. It was muddy green not crisp and spring like I imagined. Made for a barely passable Katerina Kittycat costume
thanks
Beautiful!  I love RIT dye--use the washing machine method.  Works great and is super easy.  No mess.
"I had an old white military style button up that was past it's prime. I used this dye to see if I could get a little more life out of it and it turned out great. Its a really rich teal, that has sustained several washes. I plan on using some other colors for a few of my other shirts that have stains on them. Very easy to use."
"As advertised, and I liked the way it (and a couple of extra dye bottles) was able to dye my used blue jeans a nice orange-yellow."
GREAT AS EXPECTED
"Works great, uses it many times before. This time I dyed all of my father's trench coats black, afterwhich he beat me with an extension cord. Whatever though, I deserved it."
worked well.
"I used one bottle to color one tweed dress for a cosplay.  I got the perfect shade of Professor Umbridge pink, which is exactly what I was going for."
"It worked really well on the five things that I didn't know I had in the washer, but I've got to find out what material the item is that I actually want to dye. It ended up with a hint of color."
"I used this bottle -- JUST ONE -- to dye a my favorite boiled wool knee-length coat from dark grey to dark brown. This is the first time I had used this stuff for wool. I didn't even realized you could use it for wool. I put one cup of vinegar in with it, and just kept resetting my washer  -- hot water -- until a 1/2 hour had passed. Then I let all the cycle complete and dried it in the dryer. You must remember that this coat is BOILED wool, so there was no danger of shrinking. I've washed it several times. I love, love, love this coat. A BOILED WOOL coat is the way to go. AND NOW the coat is a color I love -- so it's as perfect as it can get.

I highly recommend this dye if you have something like this coat to dye. We all already know it works well for cottons. So don't be afraid to try."
"I am a big fan of RIT dye. It's a great way to rescue a very favorite piece of clothing that has a bleach splash, or a stain that can't be removed. Just dye it to a darker color. I use the hot water/large pot/stove top method and have done this with a few special cotton shirts that I really loved. Arrived securely packaged and has easy-to-follow instructions. I can usually find colors on Amazon that I can't find in retail stores."
Doesn't work on Patio Umbrellas but I'm sure it will work on clothing.
Good product.
Worked great!  I now have a favorite skirt back in the 'to-wear' section of my closet.
"Rit Liquid Dye (Tangerine being one of the best) is so much brighter and the colors are more saturated than they used to be. I love to use Rit to dye fabric for art projects. I Dye small pieces of fabric (approximately 1/4 yard) or embroidery thread in plastic containers in the microwave. It's fast, easy and beautiful."
I bought this to dye our fading futon cover. It did not work almost at all. We followed all instructions precisely. The fabric is cotton or similar.
this worked well for dying starfish after diluting.
"achieved just the color I wanted.  I dyed towels...a few a turquoise and a few lavender.  Both turned out quite well.  I've found Rit dyes to last a good long while, too."
A++++++++++
"Was a little darker pink than expected, but still looks great."
Atlast now i can now wear again my faded favorate jeans. Thanks for this product.
"I've had tons of luck with RIT dyes in the past, but this one didn't work for me at all. I attempted to dye some white fabric navy blue (using a plastic tub), and it instead came out as a light lilac, as many other comments have noted."
Not the best but it works
Not the best but it works
It's rit. Not the best for tie dye but it works
Works well
You will never match a color during spot work.
"this product was almost identical to what i have, but it did not blend the lighter part fabric to the dye color"
ok
ok
"I use for to die the old carpet in my el Camino a..  works great, just a capful or two until you get the right color."
I bought rit dye emerald green at another store to dye my favorite old sweater. I followed the instructions on the bottle but before putting my sweater in the dye I decided to test it with a rag I had. Good thing too because it came out looking like blue denim.
Just what i needed for my costume.
The die didn't stick. Will have to try again someday
worked fine
Works well on most fabrics. You can only dye darker than your present color
Thanks so much! I am so glad to have good products delivered to my door step!
pricey.
Looks interesting to use!!! This will be my first attempt to dye anything
Way too goopy to give a better review. It comes out incredibly chunky
Very good
"I've dyed with RIT for many years, but for some reason this did not turn out as planned. The dye is more pink than tangerine which is frustrating because I was dying curtains to match the previously dyed curtains using this same color. I've probably dyed over 300 things with rit dye over the years and never has a color not turned out until now."
Wasn't blue turned my dress purple
"It was a little darker than anticipated.
It was very easy to use and clean up was simple"
Works relatively well to freshen up the fabric.
Dyes very well. My go to product for dying fabric.
great color.
More purple than blue
Good
As expected.
Color was perfect and just what bottle showed. Saved me lots of money using this to dye on my faded cushion covers instead of buying new ones.
"Rit Dyebisnalways great. Just bought on Amazon to keep from having to go from store to store to find the colors I needed. One stop shop. Dyed all white curtains tangerine, yellow and teal."
"This is a really beautiful dye, but there's really only one way to show it off. Pictures below. I dyed 11 count Aida, as you can see from the pictures there's several ways you can go with this particular color,  I made a really dark true to color set and a tint.

Follow all of the directions carefully and you can't go wrong (unless you picked the wrong color) :)"
Helped revive my black faded jeans.
good price
liked
Worked as promised but NOT teal!  Was definitely blue.
"If you need to dye something blue, look no further. Its the amazing power of blue, in a can!
It'll have you dying your world blue!!"
Makes my old jeans look awesome!
"Excellent product, makes some old jeans look really cool!"
"perhaps I used it wrong, but it washed out all over the place..thank God I didn't add other clothes to the washing machine."
"I did not expect much, but this dye works exceptionally well. Highly recommended."
not as strong as I expected
I have used Rit dye for years. I used this lovely pink color to renew my 92 yr old moms favorite faded lavender robe. It did a beautiful job. Mom is happy because although she has 6 or 7 almost new robes this is the one she loves.
it was ok did not take as well  as I would have liked
Used on a Hanes long sleeve for a Rick and Morty costume. This stuff was the perfect color and more than enough to dye the shirt.
"Excellent results! I used 3 bottles in a pail of just enough hot water to cover a faded pair of black jeans, 2 black t-shirts, and two pairs of black socks! Afterword, I rinsed in 1 cup of vinegar with a gallon of water for an hour and then allowed items to dry outside on a hanger."
"Did not work, 60 polyester + 40 cotton."
Can't go wrong with Rit dye. Re-dyed black jeans and they look brand new.
Used to re color my sofa cover that my cairn terrier uses all the time.  The color matches my sofa color.
"Nice color, NOT really emerald to me, more blue in it. Like a teal. I like to mix colors, from formulas online. I colored some beige jeans turquoise, using this, with denim blue, and a splash of yellow. So easy, after taking out the jeans, I use a bucket, I added more blue, and threw in a yellow hoodie I was gonna trash, came out pretty good, so I kept it. Great way to salvage old clothes. Clean up not bad at all I spray my sink with PAM cooking spray first, less chance the dye will stain."
"The instructions for this have to be read with care. The bottle label gives a website that has more detailed instructions than are on the bottle. Having said that, there are some details on the bottle that aren't on the site, so reading BOTH is required to give you the full instructions of what you should do to dye different fabric types.

I dyed cotton, and added the salt to the hot water. I had too much fabric to dye for the size of my bucket, so I dyed in 3 batches, leaving each for at least 20 minutes, and stirring them regularly. Everything dyed beautifully and evenly, though the last batch was a little paler, as the water had cooled. The colour was very close to that on the bottle."
"it dyed my fabric perfectly, until i washed the fabric...then it wasn't dyed anymore."
"i had about 3 pairs of navy blue work pants that were faded so much that they were a shade of brown. used the dye according to instruction, but after the first wash, the pants were still brown."
"I used it on cotton and tried to dye a polyester dress. The polyester dress denied any color at all, the cotton turned teal instead of emerald. I was greatly disappointed with this product and I followed the instructions on the bottle."
"I dyed more than the recommended weight and this color did not work as well the other dyes I have used with the same amount of clothing.  No harm done, I knew what I was doing and had fun experimenting."
Not the best dye for tie dying. It fades quite a bit. It's not meant for tie dying even though michaels sells it In the tie dye section... best is fiber reactive powder dye. Still made a cool tie dye with it its kind of pastel
dark black
good color
I had black jeans that faded due to washing. I decided to give RIT a try. I used half a bottle for one jean. I boiled water in a pot and mixed with 1 cup of salt. I placed my jeans in the pot with the water boiling for 3-4 minutes. I then waited for an hour. I wish i did a before and after picture but it  managed to restore the darkness and blackness in my jeans. They look brand new! Def worth a try and saves you money.
"This dye worked as expected but note that if you leave the fabric in for long, it will become a dark tan, almost brown."
When I dye my clothes people usually ask me where I bought that particular article.  Its nice to make an old blouse looks new.  It saves me money too.
"Worked perfectly for my son's Hulk Hogan costume! I needed a golden yellow, and this was perfect. Easy to use (I used the stove top method) and didn't fade."
"Dyed a cashmere sweater. Worked so well I bought it again and dyed another cashmere sweater. I love the color. I machine wash one of those cashmere sweaters, and the color does not run. Planning to use it again...in fact, this will save a horrible pale pink sweater I just bought for $14. Re-re-ordering now..."
For dye it's fine
Great dye. Follow the instructions!
"In Washer directions from WEB.  Worked wonders on my sheets Pollow cases, Towels.  Very vibrant color. Not as dark as I hoped However extremely Happy."
"This is not a bright green, it is quite dark. Almost a forest green."
great dye - perfect color
The emerald is a very beautiful color
went great
great
I thought it was a lot of work for OK results.  Haven't decided if I would bother to do it again.
Love this color! We used it to dye our dining room chair covers by adding it to the washing Maschine. Really impressed with the results!!!
It just didn't dye very well. Uneven coloring. Maybe I was asking too much from this bottle of Rit.
Works Great
I dyed a large curtain. Probably should have bought another bottle. Be careful bc it dyes EVERYTHING!!! Color turned out ok.
works better than the powder
"You've got to get this!!

I had a white shirt that had red juice spilled all over it. Instead of the hassle of treating it multiple times and possility of happening again, I got this.

I died my shirt to black, with a little help of YouTube for some extra instructions and with in a few hours it looked amazing!

I started going through my clothes to see what else I can use this for. Definitely turned my shirt a deep black and will always use this product."
This dye does not dissolve in hot water well and creates uneven dyed clothes.
"Did not work for some of the fabric I wanted to use it on, but will be repurchasing to dye more clothing."
Just a perfect color! Love it.
Used this to fix a couple pairs of faded black jeans. Worked out great. Looked good as new!
"I used this dye to do a couple onsies for my friend's baby. The color came out great, and even after washing a couple times to make sure there was no more dye leaking out, the color was still vibrant."
Couldn't have been happier with the results!  I ombre dyed a  white cotton shirt and a white baby onesie with the aquamarine color and they both came out a beautiful color! I can hardly wait to try other items with this color as it is my favorite! Rit dye is wonderful to work with.
"Rit  has been a name for dye for over 75 years.  I now know why! The colors are rich and beautiful.  I use them in tye -dying whites,  and wouldn't trust another brand to hold up.  This is a great product for the price. Color me happy!"
It worked!!  I bought a pair of pants that were too light-blue.  I never wore them.  Yesterday I soaked the pants in denim-colored Rit and now I have a neat looking pair of pants!! Thank you Rit!!!!
Didn't work and it doesn't tell you the materials it DOESN'T work on until you get it and read the VERY TINY print. SO I wasted my money of this and bought the one I needed but even it didn't work. I won't be buying Rit anything again.
"So, logic should tell you this but I still somehow didn't factor in HOW differently these two fabrics would dye. I got blue pants and a green shirt for Halloween. Oops!"
Excellent !
"Well. really quickly, if you do this somewhere that could stain, it will. I dyed a jacket in a big ugly old bucket, and this dye was kick-ass."
followed the instructions to a T and my cotton garments came out a VERY pale grey. not impressed.
"Lovely color... once rinsed and washed, it will have a slightly lighter color than depicted on bottle but a very nice color to it nonetheless. Dyed a halloween costume with it and it looks amazing!"
More like purple than Navy blue. Tried dying Navy blue 5.11 pants. They came out purple. Not even close to Navy blue. Pro tip wash separate for the first few times or they'll bleed everywhere.
"I would never ever use this again! The color fades very quickly and discolored all of my other clothes. Super disappointed and the damage goes into the hundreds.
Please note picture where the middle prefold is supposed to be purple, the one to the left and right are supposed to be hot pink"
while the clothes come out hot pink after dying they then keep slowly discoloring and ruining all of your other clothes! Never ever again. The colors used in the pictures were hot pink and deep purple! Please don't buy this if you love your other clothes.
"I was hoping it would be more teal or turquoise or aquamarine like, but it's more so just like light blue. But I still like it and it works great!"
"Rit is great as always!
This worked really well to dye some things pastel-like."
Washed right out did not dye at all
"Great, used it to dye a cotton poly blend sweat suit for my husband's halloween costume. Wish the instructions were clearer on measuring the dye for a deeper darker color but overall satisfied and it was simple enough!"
"I used it to dye my Halloween, white velvet and sheer costume. Worked great, it turned out the pink color that I wanted!"
"It worked perfectly. I followed the directions, stirred the jeans in a large container for an
hour, and wrung them out while rinsing, hung them out to dry, and now I have bright
yellow jeans instead of faded yellow."
"Amazing job dying my bathtub and my hands ( yes i wore gloves), pretty mediocre job at dyeing the fabric, though. Followed the instructions exactly even the ""for brighter/darker colors double the amount of dye"" and my blue clothing went from blue...to a darker blue, not the black I was looking for :/ pretty disappointed as I'll have to redo the whole thing. Huge waste of my time and a huge mess...."
"So far, so good.  Had a few towels that got caught in a bleach storm, bleached out spots that made towels look tacky and yet the material was still good.  Did the first ones with the wine dye which closely matched the original color.  Surprised at how good the towels now look with a rich bright burgundy color.  Did a couple of others in the navy dye, also look good.  Now it's a matter of seeing how they hold up after a shower and in the washer and dryer.  BTW, I did them in the washer and dryer just like a regular wash load except for the cup of salt as indicated in the directions. UPDATE:  Washed a couple of items that had been dyed Navy, instructions clearly state to wash dyed materials separately.  Threw in a couple of old white T-shirts that are used for cleaning rags, they came out light blue.  Wondering now how many washings before dyed items lose all color, will wait and see."
NOT what I thought petal pink was. I needed a light pink. This is very dark. I dyed the top half this dress. Sleeves and chest part.  It doesn't look horrible but that's not the pink I needed. Maybe it's the material? Either way it shouldn't be so dark
"Does the trick if you're looking for something in a classic Navy Blue color. I used it on a synthetic chiffon-style fabric dress that had previously been beige with a black pattern, and after letting it soak and cure, it came out dark and rich after washing."
My bad in trying to use on material that was waterproofed
Worked well for what I needed although the dye didn't hold after I followed the instructions and used soda ash beforehand like the website suggested.
It didn't get as red as I wanted. It was more pink.
"This stuff works as intended- I died a western shirt to make it look like Rick Grimes' in the show... it came out AMAZING.  Actually- the shirt looked way better after the dye than it did beforehand.  Now I think I'll use this for shirts whenever I don't like the color but like the fit.

Basically I just dumped the whole bottle into a white food-grade bucket from Lowes... and ran really hot water into it.  Then boiled a kettle and poured that in to get the temp up a bit.  then put the shirt in and stirred it off and on with a stick until the water cooled... hung dry it.. and rinsed it a few times.  My only regret is not having other things lined up because I basically threw the water out after that which wasted the dye."
I needed to dye a dress for my sister's wedding.  This was the perfect shade.
"Easy and effective. Iwas veey pleased with tue quality. Used for baby wraps. 100% cotton.

I tried to use on a soft fabric white scarf...it was barely a tint pink. Look up the fabric for compatible dye.

If u are using cotton...it worked well for me =)"
This worked just as good as the powder. Not a uniform dye. I would not recommend this to anyone. I followed the instructions and it turned out almost like I was trying to tie dye the 3 onesies that we tried to dye. Next time I will just by the clothes the color I want them to be from the beginning.
Will not dye synthetic fabrics!
"Beautiful Dye .It was pretty close to true color. I used a slightly off-white 100% Silk. In the photo I show the shiny side of the fabric and the rougher side. I did attempt to use this on a Polyester based fabric...That WILL not work. The color did not absorb one bit. You'll need to get one specific for that. For cottons and silks, this is great!"
"Works great on most fabrics, don't even attempt to use on 100% polyester. Use Rit DyeMore for polyester or silk"
"This is really potent!  Be careful - one tiny drop on your carpet, clothes, whatever, and it really causes a big mess.  The color also comes out darker than than what I was expecting (I purchased tan but it came out dark camel).  We tried using this as an interim solution to a big bleach spot in our carpet - it sounded good in theory but definitely did not work well for that purpose.  Overall, really good product for other purposes."
"It does NOT work on most plastics.
But otherwise, it makes cloth a beautiful emerald green.  Lots of bleed, though.  I still haven't found a cheap way to 'colorfast' cloth."
"My old yellow shirt got really stretched out.  I had some basic white button down collar shirts that were getting dingy.  So I made on into yellow.
Now, I realize that is why tie dying is so popular.  It is very difficult to get the colors smooth.  I wear it anyway.  In a month or so, I think I'll do it again and finish the botth."
worked as it said. I was expecting just a little darker color but it could be because i had little over weight than recommended.
Hey it's dye. It worked perfectly for a dress I LOVE but ruined when one of my husbands shop towels made it into the wash.
"I got this to dye some jeans that I had died several previous colors and didn't really like -- fuschia, orange, cherry red, purple, etc. This merlot dye resulted in almost a royal purple, rather than the deep red I was expecting. I'm not disappointed because as every LSU fan knows, the primary colors are purple and gold. I Like the purple. Maybe it was a result of using this dye over the previous colors, but I'm happy. I only used about a quarter of the bottle to see what it would look like, so I still have a good bit of dye left. Maybe I'll dye a white t-shirt just to see what the merlot really looks like. And unlike some other colors, the load I washed after this one did not turn out tinted with this color, and did not stain the inside of my washing machine."
Did not work. I used it on a burgundy skirt; followed the directions. It immediately washed out. I'm confident that it's just the brand
You are just wasting your money on this..doesn't work at all...
Love the brightness
Tan doesn't dye very well- better to use brown and only soak for a short time.
"Nice teal color, I used to dye some towels.  I used the manufacture instructions with salt and they haven't faded and have been washed about a dozen times or more since dying.  Color was a bit darker than I wanted as other reviews stated it's not that dark. I would say it's a true teal color"
worked better than the royal blue but still didn't come out very strong and rinsed out first wash.
Works well as long as you follow the directions.
followed the directions and ended upwith coral pink napkins
Didn't work.
Whew! This is no joke dark brown.
Came out an olive color. I liked it anyway. I used 100% cotton.
"A bit disappointed in this dye.  I have a medieval-style Renn Faire cloak that I bought around 20 years ago.  It was originally black, but over time had faded to a mottled shade of gray.  I bought two bottles of Rit purple dye, put the cloak in a bucket with the dye and steaming hot water off the stove, left it in for 24 hours stirring regularly, and after all that the cloak had only the lightest tinge of purple to it.  It's not a terrible result, at least it's all even and not faded gray again, but it just looks dark.  Almost back to it's original black.  I guess I was just expecting a better result... more purplish... after two bottles of dye and 24 hours of soaking."
great color
great color
"Turned the bleach stains bright orange on my mocha carpet car insert.  Hardly brown!!  It should be labeled ""bright rust-orange""!"
Purchased this for tie dying.  It was easy to use!
"This is a very pretty pink, not quite as pale as on the bottle. I dyed a whitejean jacket and the jacket is pink with white stitching. Can't say how it will hold up, but it was easier than I anticipated and looks great!"
I purchased this dye to use when creating tie dye projects in the classroom.  It worked great! It was easy to use and set well.
RIT has beautiful colors the liquid is easy to use you can't go wrong with this product.  Rick has been around forever they've come out with many many more colors than they used to have and they have it in a liquid form which I highly recommend because it's so much easier to use. Yes you can die your towels and shirts in your washing machine without ruining your washing machine I promise. I tend to buy things in bulk like towels and I wear T-shirts to bed because I desperately need cotton and I get white T-shirts and die them a pretty pink this particular  shade of pink is really lovely not hot hot pink but just a lovely had all pink. It's fun it's easy to do and it's really creative thinking of dying old towels and stuff like that. I always buy my towels white in bulk from Amazon it's the best price like that and then I go ahead and die them to suit my needs.  Of course after a few washings A little of the die will come out and it might fade a little so beware washing nearly died clothing with other clothing wash them by themselves until the color has set perfectly. I hope this review was helpful for you
great product
I used 2 of the 4 and it did not color the drapes purple it dyed them pink.
I was nervous about dying clothing. However I like black pants for work. And I have done a lot of pieces of clothing works great. However make sure you rinse well. It does stain. And will rub off on under clothes.
"Had a white Crinoline that i needed to dye orange for a wedding (yeah, i know... color choice was terrible).  The thing was made of two different materials, one polyester and one cotton blend.  The cotton parts dyed very well.  The poly side hardly took any dye and ended up looking pink instead of orange.  Had to go buy an orange crinoline, so this was pretty much a waste of money.  I'm giving it a 3-star review instead of a 1 because I am not an expert in coloring fabric and i could have followed the instructions wrong (which were really really complicated by the way)"
Rit is always great
True to color
"I was a little nervous because I've never used fabric dye before, but I needed purple overalls for my husband's halloween costume and good luck finding those at a reasonable price! Everything went very well, his pants are VERY purple and the washing machine dye method was easy! I was a little worried that it would also stain my washer, but I followed the cleaning directions and nothing else turned purple! Yay!"
It wasn't as good as the powdered product.
Worked great
Does the job!
Good dye. Packs a deep punch. Easy to use. Watched youtube rit videos for pointers.
"I bought this because I wanted to make my white shorts baby pink, and fill in more color to my washed out baby pink crop top jumper, and dye my grey Hollywood jumper because there were some stains on it. So in the photo the bottle dye looks baby pink clearly. When I received the bottle of dye, clearly the photo displaying it was not honest. It's clearly a deeper pink color.

And I'm somewhat happy and disappointed with the product. It made my shorts baby pink as I wanted them to. But the color did not catch the color as much, which is weird because the shorts were completely white and I expected it to catch on the color fast and be a bit darker.
And the baby pink jumper I had it turned cherry pink. I guess the material caught the color wayyyyyyy more. It is darker than I wanted it to and it looks blotchy cause the dye didn't get everywhere even thought I mixed the dye well. Bubbles must of got caught inside. But it's alright the change is cool.

But my Hollywood grey sweater came out an ugly color. I guess the Grey and whatever pink color that came out just turned an ugly pink. That's my biggest disappointment. I will be dying it black in the near future. I really don't like the color.

It's weird because I dyed these all the same time In The same sink and they all came out differently. I'm super happy about the shorts at least."
Not really quite denim.
Love all things Rit! There colors are crisp and lovely and last a LONG time! I use RIt dues for all of my color changing needs! Highly recommend!
The color is very green-ish tan.  It did not come out the tan color I was hoping for.
No where close to Navy. Definitely a shade purple instead. If you need a deep blue color do not pick this color.
worked great
worked great
works great
"I had some very bright orange Vibram Running Shoes that were deeply discounted (I'm assuming because of the color). The orange was so bright and awful I decided to give Rit Dye a try. The shoe has a mixture of fabric, rubber and plastic. As you can see from the picture, the fabric went from an awful orange to a jet black. The rubber and plastic was slightly stained as to be expected but my project came out way better than I expected. I've had some bleeding but that's to be expected"
"Worked great. For best results, use simmering water and an acid. One bottle (236ml) was big enough for a white sweater. No signs of color bleeding or fading yet."
This must be used with very hot water !
"Beautiful, deep purple... but when it says ""not recommended for 100% polyester"", they really mean it! I tried dyeing my white hat THREE times, with increasing concentrations and increasing dye time, but the color barely took. A wasteful purchase, but the bottle does clearly state that's it's not recommended for 100% polyester. Make sure your project is the right material!"
"This was too hard to use
I followed the directions but was disappointed at the way in mixed and then colored my jeans
I had thought the liquid would have been easier to use  but it wasn't"
I prefer the liquid fabric dye over the powder rit dye.
The liquid it easy to use (rather than the rit powder)
"This green is very Irish green.  The photo appears more like an army jeep green, but it is closer to what you see on St. Patricks Day"
My son bought this to die his lab coat green and it turned out gray. Not sure what he did but it was for his second year in college chem so I assume he followed the instructions.
Worked great. With it would have been a tad darker. But still worked for whst I needed
"My mom always used but was my first time using, worked great! Ty."
"Dye job came out a little blotchy, there are certain spots that are darker than others."
Does not work with Polyester curtains.
Works great.  Great value.  A bottle goes a long way.
"Used this dye to touch up some work pants that had faded, but weren't anywhere near the end of their useful life.

Pretty happy with it. Just follow the instructions on the back and you should be good to go. Keep in mind that this may not be appropriate for every fabric, so do a little research before buying."
"Doesn't dye 100% cotton rope well, as it leaves lots of white strands no matter how long I leave it in the dye bath. I love the color though."
"Doesn't dye 100% cotton rope well, as it leaves lots of white strands no matter how long I leave it in the dye bath. I love the color though."
Came out peach on plain white tshirts. Followed the directions completely. Terrible.
"I was scared to death to use this in my front loading washer, but I watched the video and took the plunge. It was an easy success! My favorite light blue, bleach spotted blouse, was evenly dyed a nice shade of orchid and my washer survived unscathed!"
I originally bought this to fix a bleach stain on my black jumpsuit. But I know i will need to dye it a few more times before it works successfully. I also dyed my black jeans to black again. They had washed out over the years and I didn't want to buy new jeans when I can spend a few bucks to make my favourite jeans and shorts back to black and looking brand spanking new! Hope my review and pictures were helpful! I forgot to take before and after photos of my jumpsuits bleach stains. But I'm putting up an after photo and in my opinion it made it darker for sure.
"The color is excellent! The truest black I could hope for.

BE CAREFUL! It does not dye all types of fabric. Read the specifications on the Rit website and know what your cloth is made of before you attempt to color anything. One of the pieces I used this on was part one fabric and part another, and the second fabric absorbed very little dye. I will have to remove and replace that piece."
"does not work at all, followed the instructions and soaked about two hours, all the color washed away at the end. Not recommend"
Not the color in the picture I was expecting more of a blue and it is very very green
Works great. Clothes look new.
messy stuff but great
"hey i'm from the 60's so i dye everything!  i just redyed my bed comforters to give them back a pop of color, right in my washing machine, they look brand new!  and my old used to be white cotton tops, toss them in with rit and they come out any color you wish.  love this product!"
"A couple times a year I need to dye my favorite sweaty ball cap and a couple other items.
I rely on RIT every time.
Just a quarter of a bottle with two pair of jeans brings your Levis...-or- Wranglers...back to life."
nice color
OUTSTANDING!!!! Very HIGHLY recommended!!!!!
"I used to this (and quite a lot of it) in an attempt to dye fabric used on speakers. It didn't work out. It also made the fabric stiff and somehow brittle, and despite the amount I used, when dried, the fabric would mostly revert back to its original color."
Easy to use. Just as expected.
"In the past, I've always used Rit because it was convenient - the supermarket I grew up by only sold Rit dye.  I am one of those ""same outfit every day"" people, and I had used Rit dyes mainly to ""refresh"" my clothing's color.  Always fabulous - I could always find colors that matched the pants or shirts I needed to dye.

ANYWAY, fast forward to last year.  My sister is having a baby.  I want to decorate onesies for the baby shower....but plain white onesies can be a bit intimidating.... I get some RIT dye and mix it up  - literally - I buy a bottle of yellow and a bottle of blue.... some white onesies, some yellow, some blue, and some green :)  My sister loved them.

Fast forward to THIS year.  My sister wants some more onesies that *I* made.  I go to the store to get some dye.... no Rit.  ""Oh well,"" I think, as I grab what's available, ""how different can dyes be?""  ....I end up with really streaky, just ugly onesies.  I'm a bit embarrassed at how poorly they look.  .... but at the same time, I'm trying to get over my perfectionism (and they are just onesies and will shortly be covered with stains anyway) so I still give them to my sister.

I am always SUPER careful with dyes - after dying I rinse, wash, dry, and repeat TWICE before I mix with other fabrics - this has always been due to my paranoia, I'd never had a problem before - but two weeks later my sister calls me to complain the second batch of onesies just ruined her husband's favorite shirt!  She asks why I dyed them and why didn't I just buy the same type of onesies I got for her baby shower.

YUP - the batch dyed with Rit was so good, in color brightness, color consistency, and color-fastness,  my sister couldn't even TELL it had been home-dyed!

So I've learned my lesson - if I can't get Rit, I'm not starting the project!"
Didn't dye the clothes the right color. Turned out to be a light gray and It pretty much ruined the clothes in all. Have to buy more black dye to make this at least wearable. And I followed all the instructions to a T.
It didn't service the purpose. Very poor quality. It spoiled my Lacoste T-shirt
"This may be just me, but I did read this would stain wood. Well, sad to say, no success in staining wood. Did not work for me at all. Maybe for clothes, but not as a stain."
Ugly color
I love the color of the shirts!
My granddaughter's shirts came out beautiful!
"I don't know if I used too much dye but the pink came out more like a fuchsia pink and not a nice muted pink like the bottle.  disappointed but could've been user error.  Also the pants didn't dye evenly but again, don't know if I did something wrong or not."
This re-dyed my faded black clothes well. I dyed a faded black canvas jacket and some leggings. However you have to always keep those clothes separate in future washes or else you will ruin any clothes that are not black!
"I wanted a Dark blue color for my project, this was too dark, so dark that everything came out purple. I should have read the reviews on this."
Beautiful color.
I used this as directed in a washing machine method on a silk/cotton blend sheets which were a worn out tan color before. The sheets turned out a beautiful rose pink even color.
"It worked on Jean material, guys. Mission accomplished."
"Not very cherry red,  it's a lot more strong pink.  Still a great color, just not a very accurate color name."
Great
"I was trying to cover bleach spots in my black clothing because I'm a hairstylist, I followed the instructions and it didn't work at all."
"Not the color as described, it dyed my bathing suit a light sky blue not Aqua."
"I was tricked by the picture. The dye worked ok, but it appears to come in 3 bottles from the picture. You only get one 8 oz. bottle. They should quit trying to trick people with the picture. I could have gotten it much cheaper from another seller on Prime."
"I bought more bottles of Rit than I can count over the past week.. from multiple sources.. anyway.. I actually got freaked out when I looked at the bottles of ""tan"" and ""camel"" as I was expecting the fluid to look sort of .. well.. tan and camel! I saw as all of you did... DARK GREEN! so all the comments here,. helped me overcome my uncertainty in using the products.. I ended up tweaking a recipe for ""toasted almond"" from the Rit site.. I tried it as directed which called for pink to be added to it.. yeah.. not so much.. my sons  duvet cover came out.. pink.. you can call it any shade you want.. but it was pink.. needless to say.. I went back to the store to buy yet more bottles.. and decide to use the same formula.. but substitue camel in place of pink.. and guess what? It came out just right! A nice light kaki neutral tan.. Im super pleased with it! That all being said.. I also used a trash can full of clean hot water, along with the prescribed cup of salt and one entire bottle of tan plus 1/2 bottle of camel and 1/2 bottle of pearl grey (I was doing a ""washer load"" size.. I added more grey than called for too.. so perhaps for all of you looking for a neutral tan.. try that recipe (look up ""toasted almond"" on the Rit site.. to get the ratios you need for your project.. and sub ""camel"" for ""petal pink"" and add a smidge more ""pearl grey"" than called for.. and make sure you use ALOT of water if you want a light tan!!! good luck!"
Works well on the cotton blouse I used it for.
works as designed
Bought this to dye a white rayon dress. added salt for rayon as directed and it worked wonderfully... very happy!
This product washed right off of the clothing after leaving it for a couple of hours soaking
shipping could be cheaper on dyes but it worked well maybe petal pink is a weaker color though Rit needs a more bold and loud pink
"The company that made one of my favorite tops (only available in white) just re-released it in Fall colors. Instead of spending another $70 on a new top, I decided to spend $5 on a bottle of Cherry Red Rit Liquid Dye, and $3 on latex gloves. My top is 95% Rayon, and 5% Spandex. I filled a big pot with water and set it on the stove on high. Once it came to a boil I switched it to low. Then I shook the bottle of dye, poured it into the pot, and stirred in a cup of salt. After about a minute of stirring, I placed my top in the pot and stirred it constantly for about an hour. The color came out evenly, and exactly as advertised on the bottle. My boyfriend was amazed; he kept saying that he couldn't believe it was the same top. The only criticism I have is this: The directions say to rinse the fabric until the water runs clear, and it took A LOT of water to achieve that."
good color
My duvet cover turned out way too pink. I expected it to be closer to burgundy
I have a nice black pair of pants I've had for quite a while. No signs of wear or anything. Great quality Except the black had started to fade from the washes over time. I figured I'd try to dye them back to how they were new. 100 percent satisfied. They look fantastic Very even color no blotching or anything weird. Time will tell if the dye lasts but for 9 dollars that's a fraction of the cost of getting a new pair pants of the same quality. Worth every penny.
showed up in time and as expected.
"Used this to re-dye some black jeans, and they may have come out even darker than when I bought them (which was a good thing)!"
"This rating is for the misleading advertising. It says $0.29/ounce and shows three bottles in the image. I assumed that for $8.78 I would get three 8oz bottles. $0.29 times 24oz = $6.96. Not quite $8.78, but I just assumed it was bad math on their part. I only received one 8oz bottle. It should read $1.10/oz. Almost four times the price they're advertising. The dye works fine, but don't waist your money buying it here. You can get it for less at many grocery stores."
"I got exactly the affect from it that I was hoping for.
I have to admit though that if you use any kind of polyester material you will have a hard time getting the material dyed.
I was dying curtains, polyester curtains.
I just wanted a light shade of color so I added a couple gallons of water to the dye.
The curtains came out perfect but I must add the mistake of running them through the washer in plain water afterwards and it rinsed the color right off.
I had to order another bottle and redo them this time putting them straight into the dryer after dying them.
It turned out just the way I wanted."
More like hot pink. Not at all happy with the shade. Even after leaving an item in the dye for 24 hours it still came out bright pink instead of red.
"Didn't alter the color of my black fabric, (which I needed more black) at all."
"Needed to turn a bright white fabric to an off-white color to match the decor in my house, and this did the job perfectly. I had to soak it for longer than it suggested to get the shade I wanted, but that was just my preference."
It makes everything pink even stuff you didn't want pink
Everything good
Everything good
"I've seen people on YouTube die their tan MagPul P-Mags and wanted to do it myself. I heated a pot of water to just below boiling, added 2-3 oz of dye and submerged the parts for 5 mins. I rotated them in the dye with a pair of tongs. Once the 5 mins was up, i shook them off and cooled them off in a bowl of cool water. Shook them off again and let them dry on a towel. Overall the process was really easy. I used SS pot and tongs. Be careful about your sink when pouring it out. I have a white cast iron sink and I should have wetted it down and then pour the dye down the sink. It stained a little bit but came out with dish soap and comet.

The next one will be fun when I start dying magazines for my daughter."
"Followed instructions, did not successfully dye cotton"
"I bought this to dye a white t-shirt dress for a cosplay.  I didn't quite follow directions in that I used hot water from the tap rather than boiling water and I didn't actually really measure anything.  I just put some dye in the water, put the dress in and stirred it around with a wooden spoon for about half an hour.  The dress came out perfectly.  It was completely even and looked beautiful.  The color was also on point.

I later received some plain white sheets with stains on them and decided to use this to cover them up.  I again didn't use hot enough water and just put some dye in without measuring.  The sheets came out a little worse due to the difference in fabric, however the I know it's nothing to do with the dye itself.  I took advantage of it by splashing water with more dye in it to create dark streaks and made a kind of ocean-y or space-y feel to it.  The dye has not faded from either the dress or sheets with use and I still have some dye left for any future projects."
Gorgeous Color!! Just what I was hoping for!! :)
Good
easy to use. bright color
Good Old dye - love it
Works well
It really works!
"I was hoping to get a light mint green, by doing a really quick soak, it didn't work quite right. Had to bleach it a little."
"Product is exactly as stated,  I love it !"
"Did just what I hoped it would!  I used this on a beloved, but faded, old linen sweater from Eileen Fischer.  The color was beautifully restored, using the washing machine method and adding a cup of salt.  Thanks for making my old sweater look new again!"
"Note: the color of this provides more of a ""colored denim"" blue, rather than a natural looking denim color. Fine for my purposes, but consider adding some black if you want a darker or more natural looking wash."
"I have some cotton/polyester pillows that sit on our front porch and on our deck.  The used to be a wine color but they faded in the sun to a pink color.  Instead of buying 5 new pillows, I thought I would just try to dye them.  I followed the instructions on the bottle and heated water on the stove. I then carried the water to our back yard and added the dye and pillows to 5 gallon buckets.  One word of caution--the hot buckets full of water killed our grass (my husband wasn't too happy).  The process was long and tedious.  I used rubber gloves and a plastic kitchen spoon to stir the mixture for 30 minutes.  Once the dying was complete, I rinsed the pillows with a garden hose.  I then ran them through our washer 2x to assure they would not bleed.  The color turned out beautiful.  I was concerned about the color running onto our deck chairs, but I had no problems.  However, in the sun, the wine color lasted only about 2 weeks before the pillows were once again faded to pink.  If you found this review helpful, please indicate below."
"I think RIT products are excellent but In my case, the fabric was synthetic and this product didn't work for me. I learned the hard was that I needed a dye that was intended for synthetic fabric. I purchased a RIT dye for synthetics and it worked great."
"American Giant didn't make this color for their hoodies even though I told them it would make them more money if they made it. They told me they had no plans to release a hoodie in this colorway. I had to do it myself. Anyway, it's best to go custom. The dye gave the hoodie just the color I was hoping for. Added gold aglets to the string tips. Now it's ready."
works well
Nice! Easy to use. Turned out  a beautiful dark almost maroon color. I used the whole bottle on a grey goodie.
"I have learned not to expect the colors to ever be as intense as bottle (or box) shows.  is still fun and useful, but once dyed a garment must always be washed alone of with very similar colors.  it bleeds a bit every wash.  the addition of salt and a finishing cold water soak helps, but not much.
notice ad says rit will dye polyester and acrylic. not so!  those 2 fabrics just don't take dye at all, never have.  I have found over the years that nylon and rayon take dye very well, as intensely as cotton.  was really surprised.  the presence of spandex can give a streaky tie-dye effect.  the presence of polyester (poly/cotton blends)  gives a pastel version at best.
am older and have had alot of fun with rit dye over the years. I must always have nearly every color in my arsenal, a hobby of sorts."
"I have learned not to expect the colors to never be as intense as bottle (or box) shows.  is still fun and useful, but once dyed a garment must always be washed alone of with very similar colors.  it bleeds a bit every wash, especially the reds.  the addition of salt and a finishing cold water soak helps, but not much.
notice ad says rit will dye polyester and acrylic. not so!  those 2 fabrics just don't take dye at all, never have.  I have found over the years that nylon and rayon take dye very well, as intensely as cotton.  was really surprised.  the presence of spandex can give a streaky tie-dye effect.  the presence of polyester (poly/cotton blends)  gives a pastel version at best.
am older and have had alot of fun with rit dye over the years. I must always have nearly every color in my arsenal, a hobby of sorts.
am really frustrated that cardinal red was discontinued, hope this is the same."
This definitely comes out a blue color. Not green at all not even close. Extremely disappointed.
"Rit color guides are very innacurate.  This product dyes a very christmas-tree spruce blue/green.
Nowdays with great color processing, how hard can it be for RIT to create accurate color guides and packaging????"
The image is misleading though but the dye works fine they should correct it to keep people from being fooled. A repeat of my red and black rit dye test. I have tested out on some rather obscure Red Levi's jeans (80813-0038  513 series). I tried my own Cold soak method and it worked out fine the color it had lost.
"This actually worked quite fine for my Levi Jeans, while they are originaly red I redyed it using a little bit of the black dye because the red alone isn't as dark as I wanted it to be. My method I did use is what I call Cold Processing. I let it sit in a bucket fully submerged for hours, I dried it then once it was dried I took it back again into the bucket for a total of 6 hours the second time. But the water used is actually close to room temp.

Note: Also make SURE you really rinse it out or you will regret the colors seeping into other clothing.
2 The Levis used (80813-0038) 513 series with a black tag."
Thank you!
Bright green on 100% cotton. Very nice!
Came out light blue on 100% cotton. I hade to re-dye with Azue Ble and turned out a nice jean color!
"loved the liquid formula, better than the powder."
"loved the liquid formula, better than the powder."
"loved the liquid formula, better than the powder. the color is vibrant.  a little goes a long way."
"loved the liquid formula, better than the powder."
Great product
Didn't quite get my white curtain as blue as I wanted it. But worked.
color doesn't stay. bleeds and stains everything else. had to toss clothes i dyed.
"I use these all the time, and have for years. Prefer the dry dye to the liquid, but this will do for certain colours."
Nice product!
not work for my pants
"Price was so low, how could I resist! Amazing deal!"
"bad bottle.  I had to put water into the full bottle of dye to get it to come out!!  It was like a big clump inside.  It came out in a couple of globs!!!  I couldn't return it because by the time I saw the clumps come out, it was too late."
Great product
"More pink than expected, not as delicate a shade as I would have hoped, but product works and dyes evenly"
"Please read the instructions.
When it arrived I quickly gathered up my jeans and began.
I made the mistake of not using hot water. I also did not add salt.
As a result the jeans did not take the dye."
"I am creating a GIANT JENGA set and I wanted something simple to color my wood with.  When I say, this was the best product I could have ever purchased.  This was the best product I could have ever purchased.  The ease of dying the porous wood made me want to continue with my project and the best part about it was, I only used half the bottle and achieved my desire results.  Absolutely luv it."
This item showed up used. Seal broken. Earwax in the earbuds. No charger cord.
"Dyed a black jacket that was browning. imma dirt ball so i didn't wash the jacket after it dried, nor did i wash it for the next 2 months (hence the dirt ball) (plus i was scared the color would run and ruin the other clothes or the laundry mats machines )
anyways, it was a good. blacker than my soul"
quality dye as Rit always is
"I bought this item from a craft store.  I dyed an old 80s-early 90s wedding dress for this upcoming Halloween.  No sure if I'm doing a Beauty and the Beast theme or Oscar Meyer hotdog theme yet, I'm kinda torn.  Anyway this product worked beyond my expectations!  See for yourself in the photos!  I boiled two very large pots of water on the stove with 2 cups of vinegar and I poured in about a cup of salt. (the directions say to use one or the other depending on the material, but I wanted to cover all my bases)  I dumped it in a typical cheap laundry sink/tub you would find at Home Depot (one that I don't care if it gets stained) Then topped with hot tap water to fill, put 2 bottles of dye in, added pre/soaked dress and it was about 3/4 full with dress and water bath.  I stirred it around for 1/2 hour constantly, it was in a big ball, I didn't think it would dye evenly, but was pleasantly surprised by the finished product.  Using rubber gloves I drained the tub, put the dress in a bucket then loaded into my front loading washer and washed on delicate.  I highly recommend this product.  I will be dying more things in the future!"
"Turned clothes pink and red rather than brown, so they're ruined now."
"Used on large piece, 100 percent cotton, in a top load washer, with the salt, reset the wash cycle 3 times, hot water AND washed with washing soap afterwards. AMAZING BRILLIANT VIBRANT COLOR! Beautiful!"
"Used conversion chart from RIT website to blend Golden Yellow with Dark Green for large (6' X9')  outdoor canvas patio drapes. Did in batches of 3, and was very pleased with color. Batches were slightly different darknesses from each other, which I expected as it is hard to do each batch exactly the same. Color is close enough per batch for the look I wanted, as I could seperate each set from each other when hanging on the deck.

Although dye stained washing machine a little, it did not stain any laundered items. I ran the rinse cycle, plus one full cycle with bleach after doing three sets of dyed curtains."
"Used conversion chart from RIT website to blend two colors for large (6' X9')  outdoor canvas patio drapes. Did in batches of 3, and was very pleased with color. Batches were slightly different darknesses from each other, which I expected as it is hard to do each batch exactly the same. Color is close enough per batch for the look I wanted, as I could seperate each set from each other when hanging on the deck.

Although dye stained washing machine a little, it did not stain any laundered items. I ran the rinse cycle, plus one full cycle with bleach after doing three sets of dyed curtains."
good
Purchased to dye chair covers and it worked beautifully! I have a front loading washing machine so I used it in the bathtub and there was no staining. The important thing to remember is to keep stirring constantly!
Works as expected.
Restored clothes for a longer life
Restored clothes for a longer life
Restored clothes for a longer life
"This was NOT navy blue, I ordered 2 bottles for a big dye project, I opened them & BOTH bottles looked like a it was a dark purple color, NOT navy! I thought it would change when I added it to the water bath, it did not. I thought it would change when I added the fabrics (of all kinds, shapes & sizes), it did not! EVERYTHING was turning purple. I thought I could save it some how, so I added another bottle of dye that I had on hand for another future project, it was evening blue. It turned the reddish purple (like wine) to a bluish purple (like eggplant.) It was better then the reddish purple, but I was still NOT happy. I continued to dye everything per instructions. As I rinsed out everything (& the rinsing literally took me 3 hours, it would NOT rinse out!) the bluish purple turned back to relish purple, & so did my fabrics. I continued following all instructions (rinsing till water ran clear, washing, drying) & everything is a different color. My shower curtain is a darker grayish purple; 1 bath rug is an odd muddy gray color; the other rug is a brilliant royal blue; 2 canvas bags are the closest to navy out of everything, however, they have a definite purple tone; a dress that's a medium subtle purple; & a shirt that is both pink & lavender. WHAT THE FEBRUARY???? NEVER AGAIN!!!"
DYED MY SECOND HAT
DYED MY HAT LOOKS GOOD
Easy to use if you bother to pull up a utube video and understand the process. I'm a first time user and it worked better than I thought it would.
"I mixed it with a few drops of chocolate brown ,camel,grey pearl and foliage green to die my ar15 after anodizing. The die took well and has not faded for more than a year now."
"Worked great, and I managed to turn four white things pink with only half the bottle :) It was enough to make my day."
Washed out the first time
"I like this dye. It comes out a deeper red, atleast  for me."
Came out purple rather than blue.
"I love this product!  Color is easy to use and dyes/stains material easily.  Pigment is what you expect, so choose carefully!"
Need to use alot of dye to get full deep color.
"Misleading. Thought the 3 bottles combined made one package, but I only received one bottle."
"Like the color, but had problem using it on cotton.
Color was bleeding after 22 rinses"
"I followed the instructions and even then, my faded clothing did not turn black."
"Worked, but left white/light colored wrinkle lines in fabric that were not dyed."
"yep, it's dye!"
I thought I'd save some money by buying a white dust ruffle and dying it. I have never had a problem with Rit dye before but the bedskirt came out lavender!!!!
"Excellent denim dye that turned my faded Levi's back to black. I let them soak for a few hours in a bucket then hung the pants in my yard. Sprayed them down with the hose a couple times to get rid of the excess dye, and once they dried they looked great. Not sure how but the dye doesn't even stain the Levi's logo. This brand has been around forever and it's much cheaper on Amazon than in the stores."
"Deep, black color."
"I'm one of those people who, when I find something I like, buys it in every color. Found a top I love but it only came in 3 colors + white.  What to do, what to do?  I bought those 3 colors + 5 white ones & for the first time in my life, decided to try dyeing 4 of them.  The shirts are a blend of cotton, polyester & rayon so I wasn't sure how they would come out.  In a word, awesome!  And super easy.  I printed the directions from Rit's website (directions on the bottle are totally inadequate, if you can even read them), using the washing machine method & adding the salt/water which is recommended for a cotton fabric. Both the lemon yellow & the evening blue came out exactly the colors on the bottles.  Next comes wine.... And then, who knows?  I may have started a new habit...."
"I purchased this to transform my boring old white Levis into some blazing hot cherry red jeans!  Rit is a standby classic for clothes dyeing, so I didn't have any reticence or fears when purchasing this.  I have typically bought the black Rit dye to help maintain the darkness of some of my clothes, so this was the first time I strayed into such a bold color.

One this is for sure is that I would HIGHLY recommend a color fixative and plenty of solo hand washes before you start throwing this in with your other clothes (unless you want all of them to be lightly cherry red).  I would recommend&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/G-K-Craft-Retayne-Color-Fixative-4-Ounce/dp/B000YZ5HL8/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">G&K Craft Retayne Color Fixative, 4-Ounce</a>&nbsp;to maintain the color without it bleeding like the opening scene of Carrie."
The color of this was not what I thought it would look based off the label. Its got a little too much violet in it!
"I dyed my husband's handkerchiefs because they were beyond bleach.  He uses them for sweat, colds, and going to his office job - so something needed to be done.  They weren't dirty, just weren't pretty.  He likes them all dark blue."
"This dye didn't hold in the fabric I dyed, and it stinks. I would not purchase this again! I will opt for Tulip brand next time."
nice color
Great color!
"I used this to spruce up my sheep skin car covers that had gotten faded from the sun! It worked GREAT! I kept the water hot with an automatic tea kettle and left it in for about 5 hours then put the salt in there to set it. Worked awesome and my sheepskins look brand new! No rubbing off on our clothing, either! Washed them afterward in the washer in very cold water."
Washes out quickly and bleeds
Washes out quickly and bleeds onto other clothing
Works Great
"Great stuff, use this to tie dye shirts"
"Not so good, a little purple ."
"Followed directions and on next wash, colors ran onto other cloths in washer."
Nothing changed color. Bleach spots were still there.
Does not work. Tried two times. Maybe it's old.
It works great to dying my black pant.  My pant faded after few washes but with this it came back to life.  Nice color.
"I followed the wash machine directions. The cotton top, looks the exact same! I do t get it!!"
It met my expectations.
It's Rit. These guys are the go-to folx for dying your clothes and your hands. The clothes turned out perfectly. No complaints.
My old black jeans are back!
Followed the directions but my white cotton doilies turned out grey instead of black.
"Worked like a charm for me. But I was looking for something more vivid and didn't think this would do it. It did though. if you're looking for an ""avocado"" green, this isn't it. It's much more green than the bottle suggests. I used it on an off-white cotton slipcover for a couch."
This was expired and turned into a solid chunky mass. I could not use it.  Horrible!
"Dying is a lost art.  With this dye, you have full control of how intense the color.  So easy to use."
Color does not transfer well
Great buy !
If you do it right the color should come out very nice & vibrant
This was so much work but a pretty cool process.  The only reason for my lower rating is because the dye kept blackening my hands even after several washes.
I've been using and dying clothes with Rit for years.
Very effective dye that does exactly what it claims to deliver. Highly reccommended.
turned article purple!
I annually renew all my cotton blacks..is a real money saver..I can now ear my summer blacks till they wear out
"Did not renew my black jeans the way I had hoped.  I would not try this again.
However, following the directions on how to clean the washer afterwards worked perfectly with no issues."
"This product works great for all my jeans. I like a dark wash and denim tends to fade fast. The liquid form of rit is much easier to use and less messy than the powdered version (although they both work). For a really nice dark color, I use one bottle of this and one bottle of navy and they turn out perfect!"
"was able to dye 2 pairs of jeans, they came out amazing.

Look darker and a deeper dye. looks way better than when i bought the jeans new"
"stuff works, i tried to dye too many jeans at once, four total.  so it didn't get as dark as i wanted. but it works and give new life to your jeans."
"stuff works, i tried to dye too many jeans at once, four total.  so it didn't get as dark as i wanted. but it works and give new life to your jeans."
"I have used Rit liquid dye for many years, and have never been disappointed in the results.  Why would you even ask?  This product has been around forever.."
"Didn't know where to find it in the stores, locally. Thank-you Amazon"
The end that connects into my phone got so hot that it burned my finger.  I don't think this is safe
"Ok, on delivery and product."
Works great and saves money ! I am a nurse and often my uniforms will start to fade. The Rit dye helps to keep them looking new.
"I dyed a cotton white laundry bag following the directions on the website.  It is dark green.  Not the green on the bottle, more of a brown green like army green.  I wanted the color on the bottle, more of a royal green, but it's quite dark green.  I kept it in the dye 24 hours and then didn't wash for another 24 hours.  The color is staying, good stuff."
Now this is great!
"Worked perfectly. Took 1 hr. in v. large kettle. I did 2 kingsized sheets and 2 king pillowcases. Either my kettle should have been larger or I should have done two batches, because I got just a little tie-dying effect. But the color was rich and lively. Remains to be seen how color is retained over subsequent washings."
"This dye is colors good. If it's jeans you're dying, this the one. My jeans did not not turn purple. This is the denim blue. Do not be mistaken by using royal blue, this make your jeans purple."
"What a beautiful red color!

I prefer Rit dye, especially the liquids, as they come out the color you expect, hold well, and saturate thoroughly.

They have a new color fixer that worked amazingly well, and gave me much deeper color, even on a cotton poly blend.

This red is just a perfect cool tone. I may have to find more white clothes etc to dye to match. :-)

And this bottle was packed in a plastic bag to prevent leakage amongst the rest of my order (including fabric), so I appreciated that."
"I used 2 bottles of Rit, salt, hot water, vinegar, and soaked and soaked.  Everything came out nice and black and stayed that way for almost 2 washes."
I dyed a faded pair of Rag and Bone wax jeans with this. Worked great and hasn't faded or run after 4-5 washes. I will absolutely be using this again.
Show 3 bottles only one false advertising
Works like I charm I was easily able to dye my black clothes that were faded and had bleach marks to look like new.
"The color is not what is shown, but it's ok, I guess."
This dye worked great! I dyed a grey dress from a wedding I was in and it looks beautiful! I'm sure I'll be able to wear it again now.
I LOVED IT!!! no complaints it worked perfectly and was easy to use.
The color did not take.
"Didn't  really cover as well as I hoped , but ok."
Works great
I wanted to dye tan gloves my skin color. Color was a perfect match. I had some questions and Rit sent me a link with instructions.
I ordered one bottle to dye a pair of jeans black.  The jeans came out dark gray.  It looks like I needed two or more bottles to get the jeans darker.
Good product
Good product
Good product
"It was old dye . It was solid and no longer a liquid, it also didn't work."
This worked really well to dye some curtains I had!
Item arrived on time and as advertised.
"I have a really great fitting pair of black jeans that I wear about 3x per week. After 6 months of owning them, they've certainly taken a beating by being washed constantly and the black was finally too faded for me, so I decided this would be the first time I've ever dyed my clothes since I love my jeans so much!"
It didn't dye. Good red
This dye was easy to use and I love the rich color. I used this to dye coffee filters to create paper flowers and one bottle dyed well over 400 filters. My only suggestion is not to reheat this dye after it's fully cooled - doing so created a rancid smell and affects the overall performance. I don't imagine letting the dye cool and reusing it is recommended by Rit. This is me sharing my own personal experiences ;).
"Works well to dye faded black clothing. Anything with a pattern, forget about it. Too much hassle for the results I think."
after using the dye no matter how many times I rinse it it bleeds
Not happy at all with this product I bought it before but not through Amazon. The reason why but it again is because the first time did not work I thought maybe I had done it wrong so I decided to try it once again. Definitely did not work on what I was trying to die but if you have faded black colors it might be A-Okay product to try just to put a little color back. Please be advised don't expect a miracle with this product.
"It is what it is, like all the dyes I have used
Nice color
Used in on white linen
Does fade, still looks nice after a few washes but definitely faded
Probably better if you can boil it in a dye pot but not an option for me"
Love fabric dye!
Lovely color!
The dye came very fast. Product was as described. Its a very nice sized bottle for the price. Will purchase again. I am using the dye to dye lace for closure for a more realistic look on darker skinned people.
"Haven't used it yet, but my experience with liquid RIT dyes has always been positive."
"great product, great seller, A+++++"
"Who are we kidding? Unless you bought it new in cotton or wool, no dye ain't gonna take. And doing it in your HE washer is even less wise -just like they say. That said, this is a pretty color and I just feel good using the oldie-but-a-goody."
"Be careful, this can be messy. Works great!! But I almost ruined my bathtub trying to dye the clothes in there like a bozo...will definitely follow the instructions next time and use it in the washing machine. Will also stain skin."
Works great on black clothes.  Reliable color.
Dyed some faded bath towels that are only used as display and it worked perfectly. They look fabulous and brightened up the entire room.
It was ok.  Not amazed and didn't dye my jeans very well.
"Nice color, tends to go a little gray when dark."
Rit has chosen to change it's Kelly Green version.  Be cautious as what you find in the store may or may not match what you order online.
"Absolutely adorable color! I dyed 40+ Onesies for guests to decorate at my sister's baby shower, and this color turned out the best, in my opinion. All the pink onesies shown in the photo were dyed using this RIT fabric dye and the ""washing machine"" method of dying."
"Color did not turn out like the color on the bottle for me. I used this to dye Gerber brand, cotton onesies for my sister's baby shower. Instead of teal, they turned out more of a grey-blue color. The attached picture shows the onesies dyed with this ""teal"" fabric dye."
Worked  great!
I did not waat two of these
I did not intend to buy two of these.
"I used two of the navy and one black to dye 3 older denim skirts I wear around the house.
I did not follow the directions exactly. I was concerned about staining my washer's plastic pieces so I poured the concentrate right into the washer, let it fill up about 1/2 way with hot water, then added the clothes and let it run with an extra long wash cycle. (I did add the salt) I did a full cycle with no detergent as a rinse, then while it was drying I did a cleaning cycle with front load washer cleaning solution (clorox brand). then another rinse. Seems like a lot of work I know to  freshed up three skirts but they are my favs and are not available any longer so the 3 1/2 hr process was worth it to me. What color things come out somewhat depends on what color they are going in, the two darker denims came out dark bluish black and the one lighter one was more of a dark navy. All in all I would not be comfortable using it with my limited experience on something I would wear out of the house but for at home I'm happy."
The color washed out of my dress on the first wash. So disappoint. I followed the directions to a T and have dyed cloths before with no problem.
"I tried dying a white blanket. I night 2 bottles to make sure there was enough and it was a great color when it was in the dye, but when I rinsed it it turned into a light lavender. Not happy at all with this product. Now I need to find one that will actually work!!"
"Actually, I purchased this SCARLET Rit dye to dye eggs for Greek Easter.  It produced the deep red traditional colour that we were looking for.
I boiled them with the dye & a little white vinegar in an enamel pot for about 15 minutes.  You are not supposedly supposed to eat them, but we did anyway & we are not dead or sick, so I heartily recommend this product--for COLOUR & safety for dyeing your Easter eggs.
I have used other Rit dyes over the years for more conventional dyeing projects (both in the washing machine & by hand in a basin) & have always found them to deliver as promised.  It is always a good idea to read & follow the instructions."
Easy to use and beautiful color!
Great color!
I needed to modernize and perk up some old vertical blinds in a house I am fixing. I wanted to pick up the burgundy color from the floor pattern. I could not find anything but just red. Amazon to the rescue with wine color in liquid. I painted it on with a sponge brush.
Works like a charm at restoring clothing!!
"I use Rit dye all the time, here are some helpful tips!
Step by Step
CHOOSING FABRICS. Rit works best on many natural, washable fabrics and materials, such as:
a. 100% cotton, linen, silk, wool, ramie
b. Synthetics such as rayon and nylon
c. Fiber blends with at least 60% cotton or other dyeable fiber (blends will tint evenly but will not achieve full color)
d. Nylon-based plastic such as those found in buttons, fasteners and lacrosse sticks
e. Natural materials such as wood, wicker, paper, feathers and cork
But there are fabrics and materials that will not accept dye, such as:
a. 100% polyester, acrylic, acetate, fiberglass, spandex and metallic fibers
b. Fabrics with rubber backing (bath mats or throw rugs)
c. Fabrics with special finishes such as water repellents
d. Fabrics with bleach damage or extensive staining
e. Fabrics washable only in cold water or labeled dry clean only
f. Polyethylene plastics such as golf discs
g. Polycarbonate plastics such as eyeglass frames

Fiber content and weight also effect how color appears making fabrics like cotton, wool and silk absorb dye differently, slightly changing the hue and brightness of the chosen color. If you are in doubt as to whether your fabric will accept dye or achieve the color you want, we recommend testing a swatch.
DYE PREP. Cover work area with a plastic table cover or newspaper and have paper towels or sponges handy to protect against any possible spills.
Wear rubber gloves to protect hands from getting stained and to insulate them when working with hot water.
Use plastic buckets or stainless steel pots for the dye bath. You can also dye in a stainless steel sink. Dont dye or rinse items in a porcelain or fiberglass sink or tub as they are likely to get stained./p>
ACHIEVING TRUE COLOR. Always follow manufacturers care instructions for your fabric as well as Rit Dye package or bottle instructions.
Remove stains on fabric or use Rit Color Remover before dyeing to get fabric to an off-white or cream color. This will help achieve uniform color results when dyeing.
Dissolve powder dye thoroughly in 2 cups of very hot water first to avoid dye spotting. Stir dissolved powder dye or well-shaken liquid dye into dye bath until evenly dispersed. Never pour liquid or powder dye directly on fabric unless looking to achieve a specific creative effect.
Be sure to use enough dye for the weight or size of the project. For example, for a pound of dry fabric (about 3 yards), use one package of Rit powder or 1/2 bottle of Rit liquid in 3 gallons of water. You want enough water for the fabric to move freely in the dye bath so that it can absorb the dye evenly across the garment.
When dyeing 1 pound of dry fabric in dark or bright colors such as Black, Dark Brown, Cocoa Brown, Navy, Purple, Wine, and Dark Green, use double the amount of dye (2 packages of Rit powder or 1 bottle of Rit liquid) in 3 gallons of water.
For the deepest color, use a water temperature of 140F/60C and keep heat constant while dyeing (the stove top method or a washing machine work best). Note: If tap water is not hot enough, heat water on the stove, in a teakettle or in the microwave.
If dyeing a garment more than one color, its usually best to start with the lightest color and move to the darkest.
For more intense color when dyeing fabrics containing cotton, rayon, ramie, or linen, add 1 cup salt to the dye bath. When dyeing nylon, silk and wool, add 1 cup white vinegar to the dye bath. If possible delay adding the salt or vinegar until 5 minutes after the fabric has been in the dye bath. The delay will help to promote level dyeing.
Add 1 tablespoon laundry detergent to all dye baths to help promote level dyeing.
The longer the garment is immersed in the dye bath, the deeper the resulting color. Items can remain in the dye bath up to 1 hour as long as the water remains hot. Youll also have to make sure the item receives constant agitation or stirring.
Garments will also look darker when wet and prior to washing.
When you remove clothes from dye bath, rinse in warm, then cool water until water runs clear. (Warm water helps to rinse off surface dye more effectively.)
Wash your fabric/clothes in warm water with mild detergent and then rinse thoroughly in cool water. Machine dry or hang dry.
CARING FOR DYED ITEMS. For the first two or three times, wash your dyed item by itself in cool water with a small amount of non-bleaching detergent. Always wash your dyed clothing with similar colors in cool water with mild detergent. Dry cleaning silks and special fabrics is recommended.
CLEANUP. Clean containers and sinks immediately after dyeing by scrubbing with hot water and powdered cleanser or bleach.
Clean washing machine using highest water level with hot water, detergent and 1 cup chlorine bleach using complete wash cycle. Clean lint traps. Plastic or rubber machine parts may be tinted but will not stain laundry."
"I use Rit dye all the time, here are some helpful tips!
Step by Step
CHOOSING FABRICS. Rit works best on many natural, washable fabrics and materials, such as:
a. 100% cotton, linen, silk, wool, ramie
b. Synthetics such as rayon and nylon
c. Fiber blends with at least 60% cotton or other dyeable fiber (blends will tint evenly but will not achieve full color)
d. Nylon-based plastic such as those found in buttons, fasteners and lacrosse sticks
e. Natural materials such as wood, wicker, paper, feathers and cork
But there are fabrics and materials that will not accept dye, such as:
a. 100% polyester, acrylic, acetate, fiberglass, spandex and metallic fibers
b. Fabrics with rubber backing (bath mats or throw rugs)
c. Fabrics with special finishes such as water repellents
d. Fabrics with bleach damage or extensive staining
e. Fabrics washable only in cold water or labeled dry clean only
f. Polyethylene plastics such as golf discs
g. Polycarbonate plastics such as eyeglass frames

Fiber content and weight also effect how color appears making fabrics like cotton, wool and silk absorb dye differently, slightly changing the hue and brightness of the chosen color. If you are in doubt as to whether your fabric will accept dye or achieve the color you want, we recommend testing a swatch.
DYE PREP. Cover work area with a plastic table cover or newspaper and have paper towels or sponges handy to protect against any possible spills.
Wear rubber gloves to protect hands from getting stained and to insulate them when working with hot water.
Use plastic buckets or stainless steel pots for the dye bath. You can also dye in a stainless steel sink. Dont dye or rinse items in a porcelain or fiberglass sink or tub as they are likely to get stained./p>
ACHIEVING TRUE COLOR. Always follow manufacturers care instructions for your fabric as well as Rit Dye package or bottle instructions.
Remove stains on fabric or use Rit Color Remover before dyeing to get fabric to an off-white or cream color. This will help achieve uniform color results when dyeing.
Dissolve powder dye thoroughly in 2 cups of very hot water first to avoid dye spotting. Stir dissolved powder dye or well-shaken liquid dye into dye bath until evenly dispersed. Never pour liquid or powder dye directly on fabric unless looking to achieve a specific creative effect.
Be sure to use enough dye for the weight or size of the project. For example, for a pound of dry fabric (about 3 yards), use one package of Rit powder or 1/2 bottle of Rit liquid in 3 gallons of water. You want enough water for the fabric to move freely in the dye bath so that it can absorb the dye evenly across the garment.
When dyeing 1 pound of dry fabric in dark or bright colors such as Black, Dark Brown, Cocoa Brown, Navy, Purple, Wine, and Dark Green, use double the amount of dye (2 packages of Rit powder or 1 bottle of Rit liquid) in 3 gallons of water.
For the deepest color, use a water temperature of 140F/60C and keep heat constant while dyeing (the stove top method or a washing machine work best). Note: If tap water is not hot enough, heat water on the stove, in a teakettle or in the microwave.
If dyeing a garment more than one color, its usually best to start with the lightest color and move to the darkest.
For more intense color when dyeing fabrics containing cotton, rayon, ramie, or linen, add 1 cup salt to the dye bath. When dyeing nylon, silk and wool, add 1 cup white vinegar to the dye bath. If possible delay adding the salt or vinegar until 5 minutes after the fabric has been in the dye bath. The delay will help to promote level dyeing.
Add 1 tablespoon laundry detergent to all dye baths to help promote level dyeing.
The longer the garment is immersed in the dye bath, the deeper the resulting color. Items can remain in the dye bath up to 1 hour as long as the water remains hot. Youll also have to make sure the item receives constant agitation or stirring.
Garments will also look darker when wet and prior to washing.
When you remove clothes from dye bath, rinse in warm, then cool water until water runs clear. (Warm water helps to rinse off surface dye more effectively.)
Wash your fabric/clothes in warm water with mild detergent and then rinse thoroughly in cool water. Machine dry or hang dry.
CARING FOR DYED ITEMS. For the first two or three times, wash your dyed item by itself in cool water with a small amount of non-bleaching detergent. Always wash your dyed clothing with similar colors in cool water with mild detergent. Dry cleaning silks and special fabrics is recommended.
CLEANUP. Clean containers and sinks immediately after dyeing by scrubbing with hot water and powdered cleanser or bleach.
Clean washing machine using highest water level with hot water, detergent and 1 cup chlorine bleach using complete wash cycle. Clean lint traps. Plastic or rubber machine parts may be tinted but will not stain laundry."
"I use Rit dye all the time, here are some helpful tips!
Step by Step
CHOOSING FABRICS. Rit works best on many natural, washable fabrics and materials, such as:
a. 100% cotton, linen, silk, wool, ramie
b. Synthetics such as rayon and nylon
c. Fiber blends with at least 60% cotton or other dyeable fiber (blends will tint evenly but will not achieve full color)
d. Nylon-based plastic such as those found in buttons, fasteners and lacrosse sticks
e. Natural materials such as wood, wicker, paper, feathers and cork
But there are fabrics and materials that will not accept dye, such as:
a. 100% polyester, acrylic, acetate, fiberglass, spandex and metallic fibers
b. Fabrics with rubber backing (bath mats or throw rugs)
c. Fabrics with special finishes such as water repellents
d. Fabrics with bleach damage or extensive staining
e. Fabrics washable only in cold water or labeled dry clean only
f. Polyethylene plastics such as golf discs
g. Polycarbonate plastics such as eyeglass frames

Fiber content and weight also effect how color appears making fabrics like cotton, wool and silk absorb dye differently, slightly changing the hue and brightness of the chosen color. If you are in doubt as to whether your fabric will accept dye or achieve the color you want, we recommend testing a swatch.
DYE PREP. Cover work area with a plastic table cover or newspaper and have paper towels or sponges handy to protect against any possible spills.
Wear rubber gloves to protect hands from getting stained and to insulate them when working with hot water.
Use plastic buckets or stainless steel pots for the dye bath. You can also dye in a stainless steel sink. Dont dye or rinse items in a porcelain or fiberglass sink or tub as they are likely to get stained./p>
ACHIEVING TRUE COLOR. Always follow manufacturers care instructions for your fabric as well as Rit Dye package or bottle instructions.
Remove stains on fabric or use Rit Color Remover before dyeing to get fabric to an off-white or cream color. This will help achieve uniform color results when dyeing.
Dissolve powder dye thoroughly in 2 cups of very hot water first to avoid dye spotting. Stir dissolved powder dye or well-shaken liquid dye into dye bath until evenly dispersed. Never pour liquid or powder dye directly on fabric unless looking to achieve a specific creative effect.
Be sure to use enough dye for the weight or size of the project. For example, for a pound of dry fabric (about 3 yards), use one package of Rit powder or 1/2 bottle of Rit liquid in 3 gallons of water. You want enough water for the fabric to move freely in the dye bath so that it can absorb the dye evenly across the garment.
When dyeing 1 pound of dry fabric in dark or bright colors such as Black, Dark Brown, Cocoa Brown, Navy, Purple, Wine, and Dark Green, use double the amount of dye (2 packages of Rit powder or 1 bottle of Rit liquid) in 3 gallons of water.
For the deepest color, use a water temperature of 140F/60C and keep heat constant while dyeing (the stove top method or a washing machine work best). Note: If tap water is not hot enough, heat water on the stove, in a teakettle or in the microwave.
If dyeing a garment more than one color, its usually best to start with the lightest color and move to the darkest.
For more intense color when dyeing fabrics containing cotton, rayon, ramie, or linen, add 1 cup salt to the dye bath. When dyeing nylon, silk and wool, add 1 cup white vinegar to the dye bath. If possible delay adding the salt or vinegar until 5 minutes after the fabric has been in the dye bath. The delay will help to promote level dyeing.
Add 1 tablespoon laundry detergent to all dye baths to help promote level dyeing.
The longer the garment is immersed in the dye bath, the deeper the resulting color. Items can remain in the dye bath up to 1 hour as long as the water remains hot. Youll also have to make sure the item receives constant agitation or stirring.
Garments will also look darker when wet and prior to washing.
When you remove clothes from dye bath, rinse in warm, then cool water until water runs clear. (Warm water helps to rinse off surface dye more effectively.)
Wash your fabric/clothes in warm water with mild detergent and then rinse thoroughly in cool water. Machine dry or hang dry.
CARING FOR DYED ITEMS. For the first two or three times, wash your dyed item by itself in cool water with a small amount of non-bleaching detergent. Always wash your dyed clothing with similar colors in cool water with mild detergent. Dry cleaning silks and special fabrics is recommended.
CLEANUP. Clean containers and sinks immediately after dyeing by scrubbing with hot water and powdered cleanser or bleach.
Clean washing machine using highest water level with hot water, detergent and 1 cup chlorine bleach using complete wash cycle. Clean lint traps. Plastic or rubber machine parts may be tinted but will not stain laundry."
"I use Rit dye all the time, here are some helpful tips

Step by Step
CHOOSING FABRICS. Rit works best on many natural, washable fabrics and materials, such as: a. 100% cotton, linen, silk, wool, ramie
b. Synthetics such as rayon and nylon
c. Fiber blends with at least 60% cotton or other dyeable fiber (blends will tint evenly but will not achieve full color)
d. Nylon-based plastic such as those found in buttons, fasteners and lacrosse sticks
e. Natural materials such as wood, wicker, paper, feathers and cork But there are fabrics and materials that will not accept dye, such as: a. 100% polyester, acrylic, acetate, fiberglass, spandex and metallic fibers
b. Fabrics with rubber backing (bath mats or throw rugs)
c. Fabrics with special finishes such as water repellents
d. Fabrics with bleach damage or extensive staining
e. Fabrics washable only in cold water or labeled dry clean only
f. Polyethylene plastics such as golf discs
g. Polycarbonate plastics such as eyeglass frames
Fiber content and weight also effect how color appears making fabrics like cotton, wool and silk absorb dye differently, slightly changing the hue and brightness of the chosen color. If you are in doubt as to whether your fabric will accept dye or achieve the color you want, we recommend testing a swatch.
DYE PREP. Cover work area with a plastic table cover or newspaper and have paper towels or sponges handy to protect against any possible spills.
Wear rubber gloves to protect hands from getting stained and to insulate them when working with hot water.
Use plastic buckets or stainless steel pots for the dye bath. You can also dye in a stainless steel sink. Dont dye or rinse items in a porcelain or fiberglass sink or tub as they are likely to get stained./p>
ACHIEVING TRUE COLOR. Always follow manufacturers care instructions for your fabric as well as Rit Dye package or bottle instructions.
Remove stains on fabric or use Rit Color Remover before dyeing to get fabric to an off-white or cream color. This will help achieve uniform color results when dyeing.
Dissolve powder dye thoroughly in 2 cups of very hot water first to avoid dye spotting. Stir dissolved powder dye or well-shaken liquid dye into dye bath until evenly dispersed. Never pour liquid or powder dye directly on fabric unless looking to achieve a specific creative effect.
Be sure to use enough dye for the weight or size of the project. For example, for a pound of dry fabric (about 3 yards), use one package of Rit powder or 1/2 bottle of Rit liquid in 3 gallons of water. You want enough water for the fabric to move freely in the dye bath so that it can absorb the dye evenly across the garment.
When dyeing 1 pound of dry fabric in dark or bright colors such as Black, Dark Brown, Cocoa Brown, Navy, Purple, Wine, and Dark Green, use double the amount of dye (2 packages of Rit powder or 1 bottle of Rit liquid) in 3 gallons of water.
For the deepest color, use a water temperature of 140F/60C and keep heat constant while dyeing (the stove top method or a washing machine work best). Note: If tap water is not hot enough, heat water on the stove, in a teakettle or in the microwave.
If dyeing a garment more than one color, its usually best to start with the lightest color and move to the darkest.
For more intense color when dyeing fabrics containing cotton, rayon, ramie, or linen, add 1 cup salt to the dye bath. When dyeing nylon, silk and wool, add 1 cup white vinegar to the dye bath. If possible delay adding the salt or vinegar until 5 minutes after the fabric has been in the dye bath. The delay will help to promote level dyeing.
Add 1 tablespoon laundry detergent to all dye baths to help promote level dyeing.
The longer the garment is immersed in the dye bath, the deeper the resulting color. Items can remain in the dye bath up to 1 hour as long as the water remains hot. Youll also have to make sure the item receives constant agitation or stirring.
Garments will also look darker when wet and prior to washing.
When you remove clothes from dye bath, rinse in warm, then cool water until water runs clear. (Warm water helps to rinse off surface dye more effectively.)
Wash your fabric/clothes in warm water with mild detergent and then rinse thoroughly in cool water. Machine dry or hang dry.
CARING FOR DYED ITEMS. For the first two or three times, wash your dyed item by itself in cool water with a small amount of non-bleaching detergent. Always wash your dyed clothing with similar colors in cool water with mild detergent. Dry cleaning silks and special fabrics is recommended.
CLEANUP. Clean containers and sinks immediately after dyeing by scrubbing with hot water and powdered cleanser or bleach.
Clean washing machine using highest water level with hot water, detergent and 1 cup chlorine bleach using complete wash cycle. Clean lint traps. Plastic or rubber machine parts may be tinted but will not stain laundry."
"I use Rit dye all the time, here are some helpful tips!

Step by Step
CHOOSING FABRICS. Rit works best on many natural, washable fabrics and materials, such as: a. 100% cotton, linen, silk, wool, ramie
b. Synthetics such as rayon and nylon
c. Fiber blends with at least 60% cotton or other dyeable fiber (blends will tint evenly but will not achieve full color)
d. Nylon-based plastic such as those found in buttons, fasteners and lacrosse sticks
e. Natural materials such as wood, wicker, paper, feathers and cork But there are fabrics and materials that will not accept dye, such as: a. 100% polyester, acrylic, acetate, fiberglass, spandex and metallic fibers
b. Fabrics with rubber backing (bath mats or throw rugs)
c. Fabrics with special finishes such as water repellents
d. Fabrics with bleach damage or extensive staining
e. Fabrics washable only in cold water or labeled dry clean only
f. Polyethylene plastics such as golf discs
g. Polycarbonate plastics such as eyeglass frames
Fiber content and weight also effect how color appears making fabrics like cotton, wool and silk absorb dye differently, slightly changing the hue and brightness of the chosen color. If you are in doubt as to whether your fabric will accept dye or achieve the color you want, we recommend testing a swatch.
DYE PREP. Cover work area with a plastic table cover or newspaper and have paper towels or sponges handy to protect against any possible spills.
Wear rubber gloves to protect hands from getting stained and to insulate them when working with hot water.
Use plastic buckets or stainless steel pots for the dye bath. You can also dye in a stainless steel sink. Dont dye or rinse items in a porcelain or fiberglass sink or tub as they are likely to get stained./p>
ACHIEVING TRUE COLOR. Always follow manufacturers care instructions for your fabric as well as Rit Dye package or bottle instructions.
Remove stains on fabric or use Rit Color Remover before dyeing to get fabric to an off-white or cream color. This will help achieve uniform color results when dyeing.
Dissolve powder dye thoroughly in 2 cups of very hot water first to avoid dye spotting. Stir dissolved powder dye or well-shaken liquid dye into dye bath until evenly dispersed. Never pour liquid or powder dye directly on fabric unless looking to achieve a specific creative effect.
Be sure to use enough dye for the weight or size of the project. For example, for a pound of dry fabric (about 3 yards), use one package of Rit powder or 1/2 bottle of Rit liquid in 3 gallons of water. You want enough water for the fabric to move freely in the dye bath so that it can absorb the dye evenly across the garment.
When dyeing 1 pound of dry fabric in dark or bright colors such as Black, Dark Brown, Cocoa Brown, Navy, Purple, Wine, and Dark Green, use double the amount of dye (2 packages of Rit powder or 1 bottle of Rit liquid) in 3 gallons of water.
For the deepest color, use a water temperature of 140F/60C and keep heat constant while dyeing (the stove top method or a washing machine work best). Note: If tap water is not hot enough, heat water on the stove, in a teakettle or in the microwave.
If dyeing a garment more than one color, its usually best to start with the lightest color and move to the darkest.
For more intense color when dyeing fabrics containing cotton, rayon, ramie, or linen, add 1 cup salt to the dye bath. When dyeing nylon, silk and wool, add 1 cup white vinegar to the dye bath. If possible delay adding the salt or vinegar until 5 minutes after the fabric has been in the dye bath. The delay will help to promote level dyeing.
Add 1 tablespoon laundry detergent to all dye baths to help promote level dyeing.
The longer the garment is immersed in the dye bath, the deeper the resulting color. Items can remain in the dye bath up to 1 hour as long as the water remains hot. Youll also have to make sure the item receives constant agitation or stirring.
Garments will also look darker when wet and prior to washing.
When you remove clothes from dye bath, rinse in warm, then cool water until water runs clear. (Warm water helps to rinse off surface dye more effectively.)
Wash your fabric/clothes in warm water with mild detergent and then rinse thoroughly in cool water. Machine dry or hang dry.
CARING FOR DYED ITEMS. For the first two or three times, wash your dyed item by itself in cool water with a small amount of non-bleaching detergent. Always wash your dyed clothing with similar colors in cool water with mild detergent. Dry cleaning silks and special fabrics is recommended.
CLEANUP. Clean containers and sinks immediately after dyeing by scrubbing with hot water and powdered cleanser or bleach.
Clean washing machine using highest water level with hot water, detergent and 1 cup chlorine bleach using complete wash cycle. Clean lint traps. Plastic or rubber machine parts may be tinted but will not stain laundry."
"Followed instructions, pants aren't black.."
Not bad..I used it to cover stains on a cream wool sweater..it's a reddish brown not cocoa and the stains are still pretty obvious.
These worked perfectly to dye an old wedding dress!
"Usually Rit dye works really well for me, but not this time. I tried to dye a white cotton pillow sham, and it turned bright purple! Maybe it was the spirit of Prince passing through my laundry room. Either way, the dye was very even, just not the color I wanted."
Excellent service Excellent product
Works as advertised - Dyed gloves in a bucket for cosplay. Worked well.
Works as advertised. Dyed a white shirt pink quite easily using the washer method.
excellent !
excellent !
"Worked well for tie dying a pair of jeans, that had some dye that ran."
"This is not brown, there is way too much red in it and it made my cotton products a mauve color instead of brown, it in no way matches the color on the bottle now I have to redye everything with a darker brown hoping that it will actually be brown."
It was thin like it should have been (compared to the other color I got) and worked nicely to dye the fabric a little goes a long way so I should be able to use this for more small batches in the future.
I got this and it was super super thick... like putty... I'm not sure if that meant the seal failed and like the water got out or what but I had to dump it into a separate container first to make it a liquid and not a goop before dying anything Other than that it worked but it had more the consistency of  paint than dye (Compared to another color I got which was thin and well... like dye)
Doesnt adhere to all products - not pleather . Does a good job on cottons etc. My most disliked feature is that the salt it tells you to add corroded the zipper on my jeans. Dont recommend salt if you have zippers or mettal things.
Wrong color
"I knew nothing about Rit Dye.  This stuff is awesome!  The shipping was good, the packaging was great, and the price was great!"
Just as described and came in a timely manner. Thanks
Just as described and came in a timely manner...
"Used this to re-dye some jeans that had faded seams due to friction inside of my rain boots. I used a large soup pot, lined with a heavy-duty garbage bag, filled it up with hot water (would recommend boiling the water if your tap doesn't produce skin-melting water like mine, however), and added the dye and salt as instructed. My jeans kept floating to the top, so I was diligent about stirring the concoction every 20 or so minutes so that they got even coverage. They came out just as new!"
Worked amazingly would buy again
This is great dye. I use it regularly for all sorts of household projects and craft work.
This is great dye. I use it regularly for all sorts of household projects and craft work.
This is great dye. I use it regularly for all sorts of household projects and craft work.
This is great dye. I use it regularly for all sorts of household projects and craft work.
I followed the instructions to the letter and the original color (dark brown) still shows through.  I even left it in for the entire hour.
Did the job.
Long lasting and easy to work with
This comes out more of an aqua green rather than emerald. Lots of blue - I was hoping for more of a pure green.
Could not buy this locally.  Things have sure changed.
"First time I ever decided to use dye. It worked out fantastic! It put new life in my old bath rugs :) After buying the dye, and reading some reviews here, and asking a few questions here also, I decided to go ahead last night. By asking people here about using dye in a front load washer, my mind was put at ease. I had some older gray cotton bath rugs that are expensive to replace, the Pinzon ones here at Amazon, about $80 total, and I could not find anything ""teal"" that I liked, anywhere. So I decided to use these old ones as a test. And, BAM! They turned out beautiful :) They look almost new! I was really surprised, and now feel no need to spend $80 on new rugs, that I no longer need. I did have to go around edges and cut off threads that always come loose on older rugs, but the color is perfect! And there was hardly a mess that I was scared of. I removed the softener and bleach dispenser (they need cleaning anyway), and ran the dye solution right through there. The ran a cycle with bleach after in machine alone, and no trace that a dye was used at all. And I was able to toss them in dryer right after with no transfer of dye what so ever. Great product and results...."
No explanation on color darkness
"Great product, great color!"
"First time using liquid Rit. Purchased locally. Great experience. Dyed a king pair of 100% linen pillowcases. Used half bottle and 3 gallons of water in a plastic tub. Pure linen takes dye very well, but can't tolerate really high water temps. So even though I used just very warm/almost hot tap water which cooled down all the way after an hour, the results surpassed my expectations. Beautiful vibrant and even teal color.  Maybe closer to peacock. Very rich looking. Stirred and mushed plenty with gloved hands for 45 minutes. Only the hem stitching did not get dyed. Guess they used poly thread.  Will continue to cold water wash the cases separately for the next dozen times, as I think some color will continue to leach out. But even if they turn lighter, will still be a huge improvement over the original (undyed natural) yellowish ivory color."
the dye didn't really take so it was kind of a waste.
the dye didn't really take so it was kind of a waste.
It works as it should
"I'm really happy with this fabric whitener though I want to be clear that I likely used it for something very different than you may use it for. I stretched out cheesecloth and soaked it in this whitener for 10 minutes. The intent was to ensure it would glow under a black light. Then, I draped it over a wire-framed ghost and, voila! I had a glowing ghost! The cheesecloth worked incredibly well to simulate a long, tattered gown. However, the whitener is what really did the trick. I couldn't believe how well the cheesecloth glowed under black light after the whitener was applied. You could barely see it under black light before the whitener was applied. Please see the pictures attached for clarification."
"I loved it! the color in the end, when the jacket is dry, is beautiful. It's nice blue, looks like new. the process was a little bit of a pain in the a--. But you just have to prepare for that. I set papers on the floor, rags, plastic shopping bags, whatever I could find. I did it in the kitchen, right next to the stainless steal sink there. So, it was easy to dump this dark blue water when it was done. Kuz the cleanliness is one of the utmost important things in this whole process. If you mess it up, the floor will be blue, the kitchen cabinet will be blue. You have to stir very carefully too! So, all in all, you have to implement a lot of care and caution when you dye. But it's worth it. I salvaged an expensive Levi's jeans jacket that I bout 20 years ago, it looks like I bought it yesterday! It's awesome, what can I say. That Rit dye really worked."
I purchased some beige overalls for a wreck-it-ralph costume. It's close to Halloween so definitely took a chance here. Being OCD about details I just had to try to dye to match the real color of the overalls. I have a giant grey bit that I used to pour hot water and I boiled a pot and threw it in there. I then poured the 1 cup of salt and the Rit dye. I then through my already hot soaked overalls in there and for an hour I was flipping them around poking it around with a metal rod stirring my steaming brew. I was grabbing the edges of the bin and rocking it back and forth. When my alarm went off that the hour passed i dropped the contents into my sink that was already running hot water so it swooshed down the drain without giving it the opportunity settle and stain. after that a little bit of soap and a wash and dry in the washer and dryer and they came out absolutely perfect. My GF tells me that they look like I purchased them that way. There's not a single spot of beige and all the metallic parts and stitching retained their original color so it's not just one big blob of brown. Perfect I seriously want to start dyeing other items.
"Purchased one bottle and dyed two pairs of black jeans that had faded over time. Followed the instructions on the bottle, using my sink. I left them in the dye for about 3 hours instead of 30-60 minutes as indicated on the bottle. But I wanted to make sure they got really dark black. I am very happy with the results and the jeans have already been through the laundry a couple times, and so far are holding on to most of the color. I would advise that you wash them separately the first few times, as the dye has a tendency to stick around and get on other clothes in the wash (I learned the hard way). Nevertheless, I will be buying another bottle for two additional pairs of black jeans that have started to fade."
"Didn't look navy, made an ugly color"
Used it to dye jeans darker--great!
"It dyes cotton a bit brighter than the label. Easy to use. If you're trying for OD, dark green and dark gray together."
"A good dye to find on Amazon, after reading up on how to dye I boiled hot water and poured it into a 5 gallon homer bucket about a third of the way with the dye and salt. Then I slowly put my garments in the bucket and let them soak in there for 2 days since I had a lid to the previously mentioned bucket. Using this method I highly recommend that you rinse and seal the dye of your newly dyed garments.
A good rule of thumb is 48 hours soak with one 8 ounce bottle per two-three items."
"This was a nice and rich color but it had more red in it than I expected. It's very hard to make predictions based on color charts, especially those on a computer screen, so it's important to experiment with Rit dyes first on something you don't need and even to order other colors to mix with the original to obtain the tome you envision. I had to order some blue to tone this one down a bit. But as always with Rit, the dye was absorbed evenly and richly and seems to be lasting well."
worked great
"its more like purple ,not blue and the color don't stay for long."
The product was easy to use but the color was not a dark brown that it appears to be on the label.  I dyed them several times but could not get a dark rich brown color.
It's just ok.
"I used Rit Liquid Fabric Dye in ""tan"" on a project in March 2016. I used a front-loading washing machine. I followed all of the directions to a ""T,"" including the ""How-To Videos"" on ritstudio.com. The project turned out *horribly*. Not only was the color not anywhere close to what the bottle showed it would be, but the color did not disperse evenly *at all*. I am attaching pictures to show how it turned out (one piece of fabric and one pair of socks---pictures show front and back). In the pictures, the project is on a white blanket, and you can see that while all of the fabric has a bit of color, there are definite areas where the dye concentrated (and quite frankly, it looks like mold, but obviously, it's not). I will *never* use Rit Liquid Fabric Dye in a front-loading washing machine again. Perhaps if I had used a different method of dying it would have worked better? I used a different powdered dye brand (in the sink) for a different part of the project, and it turned out beautifully."
"It's dye, it dyes things, sometimes even the pot you are using to hold it to dye something else. Use a cheap pot."
"It's dye, it dyes things, sometimes even the pot you are using to hold it to dye something else. Use a cheap pot."
"It's dye, it dyes things, sometimes even the pot you are using to hold it to dye something else. Use a cheap pot."
It is what it is
received on time and exactly as advertised
very good
very good
Easy to use. Love the color
So easy to use
Works great
Did a great job. 5 stars!!
"I had a black shirt with some bleach stains in it. Regular cotton. I followed the instructions had some extremely hot water, added salt and the dye. The thing looked nice and black when wet. When it dried, practically nothing. Did it again- same. It darkened it up a little bit. I splashed some on my white shirt I was wearing. It washed right out. I guess that's the good thing. You would have to keep dying the fabric over and over to get good results."
Great to recolor faded clothes! For dark black I recommend at least 2 bottles in the washing machine
Again I have used Rit dye for years and never disappointed.  I prefer the liquid.
"Rit is the go to, to dye for .... Happy with product."
This yellow was very bright! Great for my project. Thank you!
Did
Great product. Vibrant color
Perfect.
Perfect.
Perfect.
Perfect.
"Great works great, thanks."
"Nice color,"
Wow - did this work - ordered 3 bottles and only needed one.  Used salt with it to retain color.
Have 2 fav jeans and they are grey more than black. After doing YouTube research this is the one product used many times. So happy Amazon had the best price as I was able to get it as an add on. I follow others on YouTube and did it a bit longer and the jeans came out looking Black again. So far the black is holding up and hope will not have to do this again for a few years
I wanted to dye a canvas bag I had dark green and this did the trick.  It came out a decent dark green without too much trouble.  Color was accurate compared to some other shades I've tried.
"I used the good ole boiled water method to dye a couple of hats, one cotton, the other canvas. Look around online and you will find plenty of demonstrations using Rit dye on different materials. Mine came out a little darker than expected, but I suppose that is because I left it in the water a while longer than I originally intended to. In fact, I remember someone mentioned that the Brown dye looked Purple, and I believe them. My hat is such a dark deep brown that in dim light it appears to have a purple tint to it.. but it is clearly brown in the sun. Is should fade and wear over time being that I use it for hiking, so I am satisfied. One bottle seems to go a long way!! Good dye.."
"I used this to dye 2 pairs of 100% cotton pants. Both pairs were very light, one pale grey and the other light beige. I dyed them in my washer in hot water and added a cup of salt as recommended by Rit. I used one bottle of dye to start. I kept the pants in the dye for over 1 hr, by not letting the machine rinse. The pants came out dark blue (but not as dark as navy). After drying, I decided I prefer a little darker, so later I redyed them with the second bottle and now they're a little darker. In both cases, the pants were dyed evenly with no blotches. This was my first time dying clothes and they came out great."
"Purchased this in hopes of dying a purple chiffon bridesmaid dress. I researched and added vinegar like many posts and washed in hot water like many recommended. I even restarted the cycle a few times for saturation. Maybe the powder would have worked better, not sure, but I think the main issue may have been the fabric. Needless to say, it was no-go for me.

I would definitely try it to re-dye/restore black clothing that has faded though. Never thought of it until I read other reviews!"
100% Satisfaction and thanx a lot
"I bought this to dye my denim overalls black. it was originally a light blue color. Thinking that the black will cover the blue, I proceeded with the stove top method. I further soaked it for hours before rinsing it in the washing machine. It came out a very dark blue that I hate. So if you are planning to use this for your denim stuff, bleach them first."
Used to dye an old blanket. Worked great
Product arrived undamaged and as pictured.
Trying to dye one of my favorite black zip up jackets that has faded over the years. Followed directions TO A T and it did not work. So disappointed.
Works as you'd expect. I dyed shirts in my washer.
"I had need to dye a karate gi green.  Since the blend was 60/40 cotton/poly, the color came out much lighter than the color on the bottle.  After soaking it in the dye a full 24 hours and rinsing it, however, it came out looking nice!"
it work great..
I used this on white cotton and it came out dark blue. It certainly doesn't look like the color on the container.
I used this on white cotton and it came out very dark green. It certainly doesn't look like the color on the container.
I used this on white cotton and it came out orange. It certainly doesn't look like the color on the container. It isn't even close to being yellow.
I used this on white cotton and it came out red. It certainly doesn't look like the color on the container.
"If you want the color to be as it appears on the container - Don't buy this! I used it on white cotton and it came out like a brown-maroon color, which is nothing like the color on the container."
Was ok but not great. Maybe I didn't have enough but I used to dye my comforter and it turned it purple not brown lol. Oh well it doesn't suck and I will have to try again.
it works.
it works.
Works well.
worked great
"This dyed my wool fabric ORANGE.  It was cream, wool shag fabric and I did exactly what the instructions said.  BRIGHT orange!  What in the world?  Wish I could get my money back or get some free rit color remover or something."
"Followed exactly the instructions, in this case the item was a black cotton cap which had lost some of it's original color. I even added salt as suggested for cotton. After the process I still am the proud owner of a black cap which lost some of it's original color."
Worked great in dying a dingy shirt I had
Works very well. I have some favorite blue jean capris that were getting a little light and this brighted them right up. I don't live in a very big city so my stores just don't carry very many colors so I was happy to once again find just what I was looking for on Amazon.
this is not brown it dyed our organic cotton white sheets a reddish camel or sand color...now I have to figure out what to do to correct the color as it does not match our room. Very upset!
"Denim Blue is light blue.

My fault. I think of blue jean color as more of a indigo. The blue jeans came out to light of a blue for my liking. Not the die's fault. I'm writing this review for someone else so they don't make the same mistake I did."
"As some others may have said, it does dye in a pinker tone of brown. However it does serve its purpose as dye and works really well :)"
Love the liquid dye! Did what it was supposed to do and is much easier to use than the powder dye.
Good to have this awesome
"I didn't order from Amazon, I just bought this along with the black dye from a local Joann's and I thought I would give my two cents and a fair warning.
1) I was lucky to have done countless research on dyeing methods before purchasing so if you want a true navy color I would suggest using a 2:1 ratio of navy to black.

2) The price here is ridiculous. $7.98 for an all purpose dye (not including shipping if you don't have Prime) with dubious results depending on your fabric is NOT worth it. I used this to dye a wonderful cotton twill using the immersion method. After a few tests while following instructions to a T the dye really wasn't as vibrant as I wanted it to be, even with the added salt. I would highly suggest going to Dharma Trading and buying procion dyes for your cotton or plant fiber-based projects which is about $3 cheaper and CONSIDERABLY better. The dye job is much more even, vibrant, and permanent; the latter being an issue even when the fabric was properly rinsed.

3. My biggest issue with RIT dyes is that purple tinted ones (black and navy fall under this), will drastically change color when ironed. My cotton twill which was dyed to the perfect color of blue/black suddenly became ashen (almost a greyed out black w/ minimal hints of blue) after being ironed, even after several hours of cooling.

Honestly, don't bother buying your RIT dyes here. Amazon makes them all more expensive in general and Dharma Trading, a site dedicated to dyes, will sell better quality products for cheaper, even cheaper than finding the same items in your local store."
Works well for coloring lacrosse heads. Easy to use and consistent color. Love this stuff.
This dye works well for coloring lacrosse heads. Easy to use and color is always consistent.
Very nice item to have
"Followed directions, however, the dye mostly washed out on the first wash."
"Mixed it with the pink -- it worked well, though I didn't do the rations well, and wasn't super happy with the end result, but that was my mistake, not anything having to do with the product."
"Mixed it with the pink -- it worked well, though I didn't do the rations well, and wasn't super happy with the end result, but that was my mistake, not anything having to do with the product."
"Works great, just use your washer for eveness.  If you choose to do it by hand, make sure you know what your doing, don't put too many in a bucket like I did and come out with uneven dyed places in my jeans. It's ok they were experimental ones."
I am very much happy to have this awesome item
I was disappointed with this product I followed the instructions and was not happy  with the results.
"Color right, price right and delivery quick.  What else is there"
"I dyed a chair. Love the color, but it bled badly. I put three coats of fixative on it. I rubbed it in until I could see the color on my rag no more. It was a lot of work but I love the chair!"
"I used this to dye an ivory lace dress pale pink. I used only 2 teaspoons of dye in about 3 gallons of water to achieve this color. The lace took to the color very easily and the slip underneath didn't take up the dye very well. I added 1 cup of vinegar to the water as the bottle suggested for the type of fabric. The color came out great!! I, personally, really like that the lace overlay is pinker than the slip. If you have a dress similar to this and want both fabric types to be the same color, I suggest doing Google search on how."
okay
A expected
Love the color and product but it's much cheaper locally. In fact no matter what color it's all the same price locally.
"well, I may not have ended up with a black color but I actually like the gray it gave me. kinda a blue gray which works for me. I dyed stained white tea towels and pot holder and it looks like a new set, I was very pleased with that. I say give it a try"
"I bought the teal Rit Dye to dies my bed shirt to match my teal bed spread. Its the first time Ive ever dyes any fabric. Im surprised how easy it is. I heated water up in a large pot on the stove, I added some vinegar. The color turned out perfect with no streaks."
Not dark enough and not permanent
Was hoping it would color over a bleach stain on black pants but just left it faded - was still quite noticeable.
It did the job perfectly.
"It was very good,got the results I wanted"
Good product as always.
Good product at a great price
It works kinda well but sometimes you have to do it twice.  Cotton does not seem to hold the dye even though I have used vinegar to set the color.
A lot of my clothes now look brand new.  Great product.
I watered this down to about 10% and use it to dye my white lace wedge sandals for my beach wedding.  They came out great and match the David's Bridal Petal Pink just about exactly!  I also used it to paint the organza flowers on my headband to match and it also worked just perfectly!
Good color
This Rit dye is a beautiful color and goes on great! I soak my garments in boiling water in the sink for 30 minutes and stir often with tongs.
"I love rit dye and this color in particular is great. I typically boil hot water and dye my garments in the sink. I let them soak for at least 30 minutes and stir with tongs often. Then I wash in cold water and hand dry flat!

Colors turn out beautifully!"
I used it on my newly completed diy feather finish concrete countertop. It worked well.
"Dyed several sets of sheets,  this was perfect.  I even had Rit send me a custom recipe, but this was the primary color used."
looks more purple than navy
Did not work that well.
Worked GREAT!  Here's a photo of my flokati rug that I dyed naby blue.  I added 1 capful of black Rit dye to each bottle of blue used and it worked GREAT.  I'll be posting a tutorial of flokati dying asap on my website: itsyphotography.com
"Used it to tie dye a cotton sheet to use as a tapestry. It worked ok, but the dye didn't stay in the fabric very well. When it fades, it becomes a purplish color, which made the tapestry more interesting."
I wish it had better instructions had to Google to see how to use the dye.
It was the consistency of mud 
It is working excellent. I did mess up and not thoroughly stir constantly. Had to do a second time. First time came out like tie-dye. But the color is very good quality...for what did get color.
may be my fault because i didn't know the fabric type because no label was there but it didn't take at all and totally washed out and only colored my washer. i followed the dyeing AND cleaning instructions on the bottle.
"Dyed my 60% cotton sheets very fast, but the color was a much brighter orange than I expected. They immediately turned a very deep, bright orange so I quickly started rinsing since I wanted a lighter color. Most of the color came out, which is how it should work, but they came out more of a neon orange than tangerine. I still like them, it just wasn't what I was expecting. You might have different results with 100% cotton to be fair."
"I used two bottles of purple and a bottle of navy blue to dye a pair of jeans.  I had enough dye to do the jeans, a sweater and another shirt and probably could've done much more.  I think next time I should only need two bottles of dye for a pair of jeans."
"The Emerald is a little more teal, in my experience"
DO NOT PURCHASE. Did not work at all. Ruined things more than it fixed
Love this color. It is the prettiest shade of blue.
"So convenient to buy from Amazon, as it's hard to find in stores. Back to the product, I used it to dye a few pairs of pants. I had to follow the process two times for it to take, but the results were good."
"So convenient to buy from Amazon, as it's hard to find in stores. Back to the product, I used it to dye a few pairs of pants. I had to follow the process two times for it to take, but the results were good to acceptable."
"I used this to dye back a pillow case after loads of washes that dulled the color. It worked beautifully!!! The directions were clear and easy to follow. I was worried that pink dye would ruin all my clothes in the wash or that it would bleed consistently, but it didn't! I dyed the case in my sink and rinsed thoroughly before I put it in the wash with the rest of my darks. No bleeding, no extra dying, it was so simple! The nice thing is, I still have plenty of dye left over to use again. Also, it is a true petal pink color. You can adjust intensity based on how much dye/dilution you use.  Rit dye is a trusted brand for a reason and my family has been using it for years. I'm really happy with the result and I will continue to be a loyal customer!

If you found my review helpful and liked my comments, please let me know by clicking YES below! Thanks for reading :)"
"Does the job. I have a favorite cotton-mix shirt that had faded over time, and this restored it to the ""brand new"" color. Easy to use -- just used a large stainless steel canning jar pot with hot water and some salt, stirred the shirt around for a while, let it drain, and then rinsed and dried it."
TERRIBLE!
thanks!
"The dye was easy to use and went on perfectly but, faded after 1 wash."
"The dye did not turn out anywhere NEAR Apple green. I needed a light green for a tye dye project for my 10th niece's birthday party. This turned the items army green, not the pretty Apple green that was advertised. :-("
It works... i added salt..works great for faded hats. Just hand wash and line dry
This is wonderful stuff. Delivery was fast.
Quips
"I had an old cheap rug, a green runner with brown border. I sponge dyed the brown border to black with this dye. Its come out real good. Nice product."
"Didn't work for what I bought it for, but that's my fault. I ignored the fabric suggestions. Lol. I'm going to use it on a white bra to make it match my tan skin color more. It should work."
"Beautiful rosy pink. I used this to ombr dye flour sack towels. Perfect for Valentines Day or for a breast cancer survivor. And, the large size bottle is economical."
good
Same great dye it's always been.  It was cheaper on Amazon than at. Local stores
worked as described
"What can I say. Rit dye is economical and works well. The only drawback is that you have to be careful
that you don't over pour and get a darker color than you wanted. Shipped quickly and I got a decent price."
"I purchased Rit Liquid to color not only clothes, but also aluminum and shoes. Product is low price, and works as it should. I would purchase this again. A+"
Great black dye. Worked like I needed it to. Used the whole bottle with little mess. Cleaned right up.
doesn't take very well on vinyl
"First of all this is a beautiful color. I've been buying different dyes to test out making patterns on fabrics. I bought this to make Japanese shibori patterns on tshirts. Oh wow the result came out very professional that I'm thinking to maybe start selling shibori products.

I washed them couple of times, they still look very good. Love the vibrant colors."
Doesn't work on acrylic.
"Quite large bottle, great color, goes a long way. Used it in the washing machine added some salt. Very happy!"
Works
used it to dye my light jeans darker and saw NO difference.
"On 100 % cotton fabric, using 3 bottles, following the instructions, I could not get it black.  I didn't want a dark purple shirt.  Wouldn't buy this to dye something black."
"This worked really well on a pair of suede boots, but my main goal was to darken some jeans that had faded.  It did not work as well on the fabric, even though I used more than the recommended amount.  It ended up with a violet/purple undertone as well on the denim.  I used very hot water, and tried it both with salt and with vinegar, but neither seemed to help the dye take.  I think it truly depends on how ""accepting"" your fabric is of the dye.

The boots turned out wonderfully, but I ended up throwing the jeans away."
"I purchased this along with an 8-oz bottle of black to freshen up some old jeans.
I did 3 pairs in the washing machine, on a small load cycle, and they came out looking dark and new. Didn't have any issues with staining in the washer, the dye cleaned right out.
After one wash, the jeans haven't lost any color, and haven't noticeably bled into anything else.
The instructions call for a fair amount of salt (I think 1 cup per bottle) to be used in the dying process. I didn't have that much table salt on hand, so I used some rock salt, and that seemed to work fine."
"I always try to keep some black dye around for freshening up clothes or changing the color of items I get from the thrift store! Keep in mind that this is the equivalent to two packets of dry dye and is intended for natural fabrics, not synthetics. I generally get good results from RIT when used in the washing machine or stovetop, but I sometimes feel it's a bit pricy for the quality - overall, I've found I like Jacquard or Dylon better, but that's a personal preference thing."
It dyed my fabric evenly and the right tone....thanks :)
Used this to dye some cotton khaki shorts green. Turned out amazing and emerald is a great description of the color. Kept them in the dye bath for about 30 minutes and added 1 cup of salt as stated in the directions.
"I made a rather strong mixture for dying my carpet. I got the ratio of vinegar/softener/dye/water off the internet on how to dye a carpet. I used an old clean Windex bottle and sprayed the mixture all over my old beat up bedroom carpet that was once white. I couldn't move any furniture so I just sprayed around bed, dressers etc. It came out a gorgeous wine color and I love it. I used one bottle and a half for a 12x12 room.
Be sure and wash your feet before you walk out of your room and put down old towels to make a walking path. Keep a windex bottle with some of the mixture for touchups you may have missed."
Ok
WAY over priced.
"DOESN'T SET..RUINED LOADS OF LAUNDRY:(  FOLLOWED DIRECTIONS CAREFULLY...BEWARE HOME DYING PROJECTS... WASHED OUT ALMOST COMPLETELY IN 4-5 WASHES AT THE EXPENSE OF ALL OTHER LAUNDRY:(  PRICE WAS GOOD AND SHIPPING WAS FAST, JUST POOR RESULTS FOR DYING DISH TOWELS FOR GARAGE USE..."
DIE DOESN'T SET< UTILITY TOWELS GOT IN WITH OTHER LAUNDRY AND RUINED ENTIRE LOADS>>>> BEWARE HOME DYING PROJECTS:(
good but Walmart cheaper only $2.98
definitely doesn't match khaki coloring no matter how much you dilute the product.
Whatever! It's just clothes dye. It works.
it works
"Looks green going in to the water, came out a tan with an orange/golden cast. Similar to a paler version of British Khaki.  Not really what I would call tan but acceptable for my use.  I dyed white cotton in hot water in a bucket, 1/3 bottle in 2 gal of water.  Another thing to consider is the sewing threads may not be cotton; the threads didn't take the dye. Doesnt matter for me but it might for something you care how it looks."
"Worked great, just the color I wanted.  Arrived on time.  I was very pleased."
Great dye. Worked well on  my shirts
This can also stain raw wood!
"This item is definitely not emerald green. It is aqua blue. It is a pretty color, but if you are wanting something to be green; this is not the item."
Perfect color
Perfect color
Works perfectly and evenly
Was very easy to use and did exactly what I needed.
One container of this did several items when I used less than suggested and left them in for a shorter amount of time.  I wanted a light tan/beige and they came out PERFECT
"The Tan dye was actually dark grey in color. When I followed the directions and put on my carpet...it turned brown?... WTF
Its worst than when I started to dye the carpet."
Beautiful color
Perfect color
Nothing good or bad to say about dye just that the delivery was quick
"Rit dyes work okay for bath mats, small rugs, curtains, etc. but I have not had much success with clothing.  I recently dyed a skirt that was 97% cotton.  It looked pretty good, but the first time I washed it, the dye basically all came out. Even denim won't hold the dye very long.  However, I can really recommend it for bath mats!"
It died after 30 days.
I used this to dye some lace and this worked perfectly!! I will be purchasing other colors if i need them.
Works just fine. Easy to use.
Not sure if I received a really old bottle of dye but it's green not tan. Thank god I didn't just assume it was the correct color and use it.
This doesn't seem as much blue as much as it seems purple.  I also purchased the Navy color and preferred it over this.
"This worked fabulously to dye navy carpet that had a large bleach spot on it from a renter.  I put some warm salt water on the carpet and then dabbed the dye on the spot until the color matched and let it dry. Voila, it blended perfectly. Very surprised it worked as well as it did."
Did nothing for my cotton shirts with bleach stains. Used hot water and half the bottle. Let it sit over night and drained and air dried but no results.
Rit dye worked like a charm. The color turned out wonderful. I am very pleased.
Loved this. Used it on some jeans and they turned out very black.
As expected.
As expected.
As expected.
As expected.
As expected.
This did not work like I had hoped. The color was beautiful but I won't buy again
Great way to dye DJI Phantom propellers. Never used it for anything else.
This works so well for tea dying cloth.
"I use this to dye faded towels and bath rugs. It works great, and I don't have to buy new ones!"
Great for dying faded towels!
It made stuff blue.
"True to color, quality similar to other Rit products."
It was just what my wife was looking for -- an old bedspread now looks brand spanking new!
LOVE Rit Liquid dye. I use it on cotton rope and the dye takes to it wonderfully.
Didnt dye right but maybe i didn't do it right
Bought a few of these to dye the carpet in my car. 6 months later and it has not faded at all
Followed instructions to a T. Turned out light purple. Disappointed.
Great product and works well
Great for reviving the color in items like slacks or socks that are in good condition but slightly faded.  Just be sure to follow the directions and rinse carefully.
"Used this to dye an ivory silk shirt. It came out a beautiful color, a bit paler than I expected, but since I did it in an HE washer, I was more than satisfied with the result."
Worked as advertised.
works great
Great job!  Thanks!
As described.
"It's Rit, No explanation necessary."
"Love to product, love the service"
Pretty good. The color is a little more greenish than I wanted.
"This dye was easy to use and worked wonderfully! I used this to dye a white, jersey material maxi dress a lavender color for a Halloween costume, so I still have some leftover if I need to dye anything else or dye the dress darker to actually wear in real life. This was my first experience with Rit Dye and it was very simple to get the results I wanted using the tips on the bottle and on their website as well.

Great product and I would definitely recommend and repurchase."
good as advertized
I love RIT Dye. I have been using it for decades and I love to refresh my favorite shirts or pants that fit perfectly and I don't want or need to throw away. I can make them look brand new again.  Sorry clothing industry...........
I love the color. The teal is going to look great for my spring projects!
worked like a charm
died my black pants again worked great. Make sure you use right amount
Great dye
Great dye
"I ordered a few of these as my son left his Carhartt Bib in the back seat of his old car over the summer months, yep...SunBleached in spots.  I used 21/2 bottles and salt as directed but some spots did NOT cover evenly.  I still have some left over so I'm going to try again, hopefully it covers the areas that didn't cover evenly.  I filled my washer on Low with Hot water, added the dye, salt, agitated it for a few mins, put the bibs in agitated for about 5 mins, let them soak for 30 mins, ran the longest cycle I have, rinsed twice, washed twice, air dried."
I always keep these in hand to dye dingy items to look new
Always keep these in hand to dye dingy clothing
Dyed some towels. Color was vibrant. Pleased
Dyed some off colored towels. Did a great job
"I always dye faded blacks with this & it looks new again... For a while, lol"
As expected Great Delivery time
"Ordered 2 bottles to dye a white cotton T shirt, white cotton button up, and to darken lighter orange shorts for costumes. It was my first time dying clothes, and I used the stove top recommended method. Worked perfectly! Didn't stain me or any pots used. Make sure to dry the clothing with an old towel to soak up any dye that might bleed. Definitely plan on buying more Rit dye in the future!"
"The price is great when on sale otherwise it's much cheaper (3$) in local stores, and the brand has always been great. I can't wait to start dyeing my projects.
Update: I bought another bottle and used a very small amount with white latex trim paint. I painted my bedroom door and it came out beautiful pastel pink. I would post a picture but I am unable to on this kindle. And dyed a pair of white microfiber sheets for curtains that came out beautiful."
Did the job
"the instructions on this bottle are not complete and require you to ""go to their website for complete instructions"". screw that. just tell me how to use the product!"
This product doesn't work I tried twice following the instructions and the result was the same nothing happen as you can see in the pictures is a waste of money.
Great dye
Great dye
Really nice color for dying AR15 furniture and Magpul magazines.
Nice color.  I dyed my Magpul magazine and they came out really nice using Rit.
what i expected. does color things a purplish color not really black.
Exactly what I expected.
Exactly what I expected.
Exactly what I expected.
Exactly what I expected.
Exactly what I expected.
Exactly what I expected.
What I expected. Worked great!
I opened the bottle and saw green like others who reviewed said. I tried it on a white dress I had and it completely ruined it. The color looks rusty and spotty. Some areas are darker than some. I followed the directions completely. Never buying again!
"After having ordered a replacement for the product three separate times, I have resorted to just having a refund. What should have been taupe-colored dye inside of a taupe-labeled container is instead dark green. All of the bottles I received had the number ""26815"" printed on top of them -- I believe this number to be the lot number; in which case, the 26815 lot is defective."
Came out greyish purple. Not at all as advertised color
Great dye. Colored turned out just as I wanted.
 PERFECT 
A true teal color (not turquoise). Very pleased! This bottle goes a long way!
good product
"I like all 'washes' of jeans, and this one keeps my deeper denim nicer-looking. Works VERY well when used as directed on the bottle."
"Anything black made of cotton will fade, and I use this on my good jeans, etc., about twice per year. Works great when used as directed, and refreshes the look of my clothes."
Terrible Don't waste your cash...
"Overpriced, but if you watch a few You-Tube vids on how to use it it is a good product if you follow the You Tube instructions exactly. BTW, after a few washings to remove the dye residue, it does not stain your clothes pink. Tip: Use the biggest pot you have to dye, and stir, stir, stir. Otherwise it will look tye-dyed. If that happens, not the end of the world, just repeat the process and stir more in a bigger pot.
I used mine to make pink tee shirts and hoodies; I am a sports photographer and I photograph events where the athletes wear pink for Breast Cancer. This product saved me a lot of money as opposed to buying new pink stuff. Fuchsia seems exactly pink to me by the way."
did its job
did not help any as far a i could tell
Excellent way to give new life to casual rugs.  I've dyed some rugs several time.  This dye brings them back to life.  Excellent and inexpensive way to extend life of items you really like.
Did the job.
Got this to dye some towels. It was a nice color green. They turned out very nice. Thanks
Used as directed in the wash worked greats!
I used three bottles of this to dye a pair of tan pants to black. I left to soak in the dye for over an hour and when I rinsed the pants they were a bluish color. I am going to try to redye and see if this will work better.
"This dye is really effective. I dyed a faded old dog collar thinking it really wouldn't take well, but now it is bright Aqua."
Ok
Ok
Ok
"Works well, great color.  Washes out gradually which is to be expected."
"Quick shipping, product as described."
"I used it in a washing machine (it has instructions on how to do so), didn't work at all even carefully following the instructions to the letter. Might have been the fabric that was the problem, but still just in case I am not at all recommending!"
"Seems the same as the navy blue dye I'd previously used, but maybe I'm remembering wrong.  Wish it had better staying power."
"DID NOT COME OUT ANYWHERE NEAR THE COLOR ON THE BOTTLE.  DYED TO DIFFERENT ITEMS, SAME RESULTS"
This completely ruined my project and right before christmas
Color turned out way more red than expected. I have tried 3 different strengths and soaking times and it's all about the same.
"Half this, half black, and my jeans don't look like 1992 threw up on them anymore."
"Half this, half denim blue, and my jeans don't look like 1992 threw up on them anymore."
"I love Rit dyes. I use them to bring my black clothes back from bad fading and to dye shower curtains or window curtains. Always easy to use, and the colors turn out great."
Bright color-loved the result
Green is good
As expected.  Rich brown color
"Turned it red, not brown."
"I've used rit dye for many years. I ordered online finally. Followed institutions. The cotton fabric didn't change color. Not even a  stain. I'm very unimpressed with the strength of product . I measured the weight of garment. So 3 rit dye bottles. One of the received products seemed ""off""  the label was a different lighter shade  color than the other bottles. Same writing just looked like sun damage. Since this stain didn't work with instructions followed,  I have to give it one star. No more."
"This dye works great. Just remember to use salt to help the dye have setting and staying power.

The color came out really nice and purple on the pure white fabric that I tested."
Great
great product
"Excellent, as always."
Followed instructions to the letter and my item came out green.
"I got these really cool cotton-silk blended shirts at a vintage store a couple of months ago, and while they're really cool as is, the color is a weird pinkish mauve grey that I absolutely had to get rid of. I looked online for some tips with dying, as I had already gotten this Rit dye for another project (I was dying white that time so it was easier) but I had seen all of the reviews and I figured I wouldn't have success without some tips. I found this DIY blog that said with silk blends you should use a bit of&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Citric-Acid-Powder-Ultra-Fine-Pure-Powdered-Crystals-Natural-Preservative-Food-Grade-Quality-4-oz/dp/B00OV8ST5A/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Citric Acid Powder - Ultra Fine Pure Powdered Crystals - Natural Preservative Food Grade Quality (4 oz)</a>&nbsp;in the mix with the dye, and I decided to give it a shot. I boiled some water, put it in the sink and mixed in a cup of the citric acid along with the dye. I let my two pieces sit for about an hour before running them in the washing machine then drying them. They came out absolutely perfect. I used a bit less dye than I would have if I wanted them black, but as I wanted them to come out a little bit off-black my method worked absolutely perfectly. As for the citric acid, I used a food grade Natures Candy brand, and it was pretty solid. In addition to the dying Ive used it for a bunch of food projects and cleaning things since. Anyway, get the Rit dye if you want something inexpensive, but expect to have to mix it unless you're dying something that is white."
works like a charm! if you read the directions right
This stuff works amazing!  I will definitely get more to touch up some of my other black pieces.
I use it to darken my jeans when they get too faded.... I don't always add salt and it always seems to work for me. I tried the denim blue but it is way too bright and fake looking for dark jeans. I just use my washing machine with no detergent.
I bought this to dye some shirts yellow for some minion costumes. The color was perfect and product was easy to use.
"I used it straight on white thread.  Not sure if natural or synthetic.  Did not become as black as the hat.  Seems to be more black where I had gone over with a marker, then over again with this dye.  Then washed cold.  First try at using a dye.  I know I am not following the direction."
All the rit dye I have bought has helped me get my clothes back into a bright lovely color where there used to be stains it's like new clothes! I have even dyed some white shirts to change them up I just throw it in the wash with a cycle of all that color and wash again without for an extra cleaning and throw some soap in a load with no clothes to make sure my machine is clean
"Im a dude. And it was fun using this to dye my redsox cap and yellow hoodie(too bright). The cap came out bit darker because i didn't put it long enough and yellow hoodie became dark greenish-brown color.  I want to emphasize this one bottle can only dye couple clothes. If you put too much cloth or too short time, it leaves spot on cloth. (Which i did). I am satisfied and will definitly want to try more."
"Rot dye did not work well with 10 bottles for 15 lbs of fabric. However, I contacted Rot directly through their customer service number, I was refunded the total amount of my purchase."
"while it worked, the color kept on running (bad)."
Color on screen is not the same as the color on the package when it arrived. We advised this is a light denim and not deep like the photo shows.
normal
excellent product
item shipped quickly and exactly as pictured. works great and is an easy way to refresh or be creative with clothing/ linens.
"seemed old or opened, thick and goopy, did not dye evenly. Thanks though, still got the job done."
"I don't know if this is because what I was dying was purple, but this easily comes out more as navy blue than black"
"This stuff is the pits! I tried to dye a pair of my husband's black pants along with my black rib knit sweater. I followed instructions and even used salt to set the dye and vinegar in the rinse water. I ran them through a rinse cycle at least 7 times and even let them sit over night and dye was still bleeding off. Finally, I gave up and dried them. My husband's pants looked slightly darker but still faded due to all the rinsing. They also had a purplish tone. Needless to say, he won't be wearing these anywhere! My sweater came out better but is still a bit faded due to all the rinsing. I had hoped to give new life to the pants but they came out like a mutant. The sweater may work out but I haven't worn it outside yet so who knows what weird colors may emerge in the daylight! I didn't waste a lot of money on this experiment but I did waste too much time."
The liquid inside the Taupe bottle is green!  WTH
"Mixed with a brown color to create a nice wine-colored dye for a Halloween costume. Rit has a website that is really useful for figuring out color formulas to achieve the exact shade that you want. Also, I mixed the powder and liquid dyes without any difficulty or streaking."
"Beautiful color, works perfectly"
too expensive
GREAT
GREAT
"PROS:
-Lets you change fabric color
CONS:
-Need to buy more than one to truly get a vibrant color
-Runs in the wash and ended up staining some other stuff so you'll have to wash anything dyed separately for the rest of its existence.
-The color came off on my skin, which I don't think is too healthy

Get more than one if you want a vibrant red.
I've done treatments in which I've used one bottle and was left a little disappointed.
HOWEVER, I've used two bottles for a treatment and was generally satisfied. I may try for three next time."
"it work perfectly for my uniform, I am ordering more of it, the color came out exactly what I wanted"
Great product. produces true colors when you do the dyeing properly.
Used this to dye my daughter's canvas shoes in order to revitalize it.  Color is actually a very light green.  may need additional applications.
I've used this to dye two shirts and they both came out vibrant and beautiful. Easy to use for stove top dyeing and provides even coverage. Just be sure that what you are dyeing is 100% cotton.
"I was actually pleasantly surprised by this product. I wear a lot of black yoga style pants for work, and most of them were becoming badly faded. I used this dye and was very happy to find that it actually worked. I did the method using the laundry machine, as opposed to the other and it worked well. The only downside is that i had to run my washer 3 times afterwards until it was clean of all the dye. A bit of a hassle but worth it in the end."
Ok
"This worked so well! I have used the powdered RIT dye before, but never the liquid. I'm sold. This stuff works great. The cream colored sweater that I dyed came out a perfect and even shade of bright lemon yellow."
Pain in the ass
just like the other reviews state this is not black but a dark purple. Now my shorts are purple.
My favorite black clothes just got a new shelf life.
Great
Faded a lot after each wash
worked well to dye carpet.
"It was used to dye a trench coat for a Gambit costume.  I did it in a big farmhouse sink, and it came out great.  There was no staining in the sink, either."
Excellent service and product.
Works great and very easy to use if you do the stovetop method.  So fun it's addicting!
Didn't work... not sure why Rits dyes just don't work for me....was hoping for a nice green color for my throw blanket.. ended up having to do hard work and making my own walnut dye....
"OK...its great.  My son is dying everything in the house though.  Other than that, great stuff."
Great product.  So far so good.
IT FADES AWAY
excellent product; good price and quick delivery;
Did not dye clothing completely. Had to purchase additional dye to actually get the clothes to become black again. Would not recommend.
Old jeans are now new! Yes haw!
Excellent price and works as expected.
Revamped my old jeans with this!
Good stuff.
"great, durable color. used together with the denim (mixed them together) for a dark jean - worked great!"
"Turned a pair of light, faded jeans to a dark vintage look with this black dye from Rit.  Very pleased with the results.  I've used this product before in the past.  Just follow the instructions and you won't be disappointed!"
works like a charm! thank you
Used it to darken an old favorite hat. No bleeding of color onto head yet. Dont know about heavy continually washing though
"Awful. I read the instructions numerous times before attempting and watched tutorials. I followed all instructions and left the dress in the dye for 3 hours but it still made no difference and as soon as I put it into the washing machine, the dress returned to the original color."
"Yep, it does a great job dyeing things purple :)"
Doesn't work. Look for another product.
"I dyed a 80% cotton 20% poly jacket and was happy with my project, although the color was NOT navy, I was still happy with my result.  I used the bucket method with salt added to my solution, and the color came out a blue closer to denim blue than navy.  I did a lot of research first and I wasn't surprised by this result based on the fabric blend of my jacket.  Had I wanted to achieve a true navy I would have added a little black and used the color fixative, but I didn't care what shade of blue I ended up with, and I'm happy with how it turned out.  I'm liked this product and wouldn't hesitate to use it again."
"I dyed a 80% cotton 20% poly jacket and got great results.  I used the bucket method with salt added to my solution, and the color came out a very pretty steel blue.  I'm happy with this product and wouldn't hesitate to use it again."
Good
Great product!
"Love. I dyed a dry clean only, linen, beige blazer and it was perfect. It came out bright and the perfect color."
"I don't know if it was me or the dye, but my pants came out grey and not black."
The shade of green was different than the pictures online
It turned my white dress black perfectly. I can't complain! I dyed it in my stainless steel sink.
Dose nothing for me
"It's not quite as bright as the package would have you believe, but it's possible that I did not use it in the best way."
Good.
this is is good
Rit dye is always the BEST
Rit dye is always the BEST
it is fabric dye and it was the right color.
Perfect for curtain revamping in the airstream
"I used way more dye to water than the instructions said to, and it turned my pale-blue sweater more of a fuschia than a cherry red.  Think I might get the ""scarlet"" dye and try it over this to make it redder.  I'm not too into pink."
does ok got close to color i needed
"A good dye; but, not effective on the synthetic fabric I chose -- not the dye's fault."
"Followed the directions exactly for machine wash application. NO dye uptake. I was attempting to re-dye a teddy bear that had fur discoloration from proximity to high heat/temperatures. i am not positive what material the teddy bear is but it must be one of the two ""special"" instruction material types that required additional things like salt or vinegar to be added. Just following the instructions for routine dyeing did not work for me. For $2, i might try again after i research teddy bear fur material."
"Hey, want to make you black yoga pants look brand new.  Just put them through the wash with a bottle of this, and voila, new yoga pants. This trick works for pretty much any black clothing except thinks that can't be dyed (like man-made fibers such as nylon).  Make sure you follow the directions on the bottle.  Happy dying."
like new again
"First off, the instructions on the Rit website are NOT the same as on the bottle. The website says to add salt and laundry detergent and to use double the dye when attempting deep colors like navy blue.

I put five bottles of dye in 25 gallons of the hottest tap water I could get. I added half a box of morton's kosher salt because that is what I had. I added the salt five minutes after putting the blankets in the dye bath. I did not add the detergent because I missed that detail until it was too late.

I dyed two king size cotton knit blankets. One used to be navy and was terribly faded. One was white it its glory days...pretty dingy when I decided to dye it.

I left the blankets in the dye bath for three hours. The website says you can leave the material in the dye for up to an hour SO LONG AS THE WATER STAYS HOT.

Even after three hours, the water in the tub was very warm. Probably because the tub held the heat better than a rubbermaid tub would.

I DO NOT recommend using your bath tub. Maybe put the rubbermaid tub or 5 gallon bucket IN the tub and fill the tub around it...keep the water around it hot? My tub is 60 years old and pink and I didn't care that there was a bit of tint held by the tub because the tub is being replaced in the next year or so anyway. Most of it came off with scrubbing bubbles shower foam and a scrubby pad, but I would not use your tub unless you don't care if it holds the color.

I wrung out the blankets and threw them in the washing machine (one at a time) on COLD. They came out GREAT. The color is very vibrant and nice. I'm attaching pictures which show you how dark the blankets came out, but in the photos, the color has a lot of gray in it. These blankets are true blue. In the photo, the left blanket was the navy (faded) one and the right blanket used to be white. I used the flash on one photo and not the other. Hopefully this will help give you an idea of what you can expect if you exceed the time and dye the bottle says you need.

I would definitely go heavy on the dye and check the Rit website before you attempt to dye something a dark color."
Dyed a shower curtain that was 65% cotton and 35% polyester Denim Blue. Could not be happier with the results. Used two bottles of dye.
Works great . Used on my faded black shorts and what a difference it made.
"good product, glad it is avail on Amazon"
"I loved this black dye. My favorite cardigan was splattered with bleach so I decided to use this. I also had an old dress that has a small splatter on it. I boiled some water,  put it in the sink and mixed in a cup of salt along with the dye.  I let my two pieces sit for about an hour before running them in the washing machine then drying them.  Both pieces came out looking new and I'm so happy."
Not brown at all. Turned a white outfit purple. Do not recommend.
Used as directed and dye did not work-
Will NOT dye 100% polyester materials. For the Rit Dye More is needed. Bought that instead because all this did was turn my material pink.
"If you're on the fence about doing a DIY, just buy whatever it is in the right color. I wish someone gave me that advice.

Followed the directions on the Rit website for a couch cover, 60% cotton 40% polyester, 4 bottles.  Used their ""top loader"" washing machine dying instructions.  It barely turned my navy cover a darker navy- and was very blotchy.  I think in hindsight, I'd use less water (I let the machine's sensor decide) and obviously I'd mix it around more frequently, although I did stir it 3-4 during this 3 hour ordeal. (1 hr to soak, 1 hour for various rinses and a full cycle, 1 hr in the dryer)

I think we're just going to throw a blanket and large pillows over it instead of spending more money trying to salvage a $20 cover."
"I got the dye quickly and it dyed my clothes a nice Navy Blue. I'm happy with the product.
Howard"
"Item arrived on time, as described. Perfect service, thank you!"
"Item arrived on time, as described. Perfect service, thank you!"
"This is a short review, because there isn't all that much to talk about. The dye works as well as Rit dyes usually work, but the main problem with this bottle was the color promised versus the color delivered. It wasn't teal - it was a light blue. The clothing dyed turned out a sky blue."
"Does an OK job, but be warned that you need definitely more dye than suggested - they say 1 bottle per pound of fabric - well, I had to repeat the procedure a second time to make sure the fabric had a decent color (that is, a ""pale"" red and not just pink-ish)."
"Perfect yellow for my kids' Minion costumes! It dyed a cotton shirt and cotton onesie perfectly, but didn't work for an acrylic beanie. I read the packaging after the fact and saw that the dye doesn't hold on acrylic fabric."
"In general, I think Rit liquid dyes are great but this particular color did not take well in my project.  I had a set of twin size cotton sheets that I've had for a long time and got bored of the dull blue.  I've dyed sheets before and had great luck with it so I bought color remover and the Aquamarine dye.  The color remover got the medium blue sheets to a light grey and the Aquamarine dye brought them over to... a slightly bluer shade of light grey.  If you are DEAD SET on this color, you may want to buy extra.  Otherwise I'd suggest the same brand but a different color altogether."
Worked great!
very messy but works well.
Nice
I probably did not use this product on the correct clothing.  I didn't like the outcome at all for two items.  This is my second attempt for using this product.  I must be doing something wrong in the entire process.
"Followed the instructions, used a bucket in the laundry sink for fear of dye transferance in the washer.  Works great."
I use the black dye to make a dusty pink/mauve/grayish lilac color... I get these results by using a small amount of black dye compared to how much fabric I have.
"My review is based on the color of the Tan bottle I ordered. To be fair it dyed my pants (50% cotton, 47% poly, 3% elastic) evenly so the quality is good. You do have to follow the directions and constantly churn and not overfill the solution with too much garment.

I expected the Tan color to be a natural looking khaki color that I could wear in the summer but it is more of dark yellowy mustard color with a dingy tint. I hope Rit will come up with more khaki color that looks lighter and more natural looking."
Excellent product !!
loved it
The black dyed my shorts gray...
This is a beautiful color! Would buy again!
Not brown is red dye...
"Easy to use, the only issue is that, it is not 'royal blue', but more like a purple blue color."
This dye is the crappiest I've ever came across. How does a NAVY BLUE TURN PURPLE!!!! I will NEVER purchase this again. I hate it!
"We followed the instructions to a ""T""... this dye did not dye well at all. Tried multiple types of fabric... still to no avail. Color rinsed right out and is now very faint. I am disappointed! :-/"
Perfect for a boyfriend who stains everything light colored he owns. Just dye it stain colored and you are covered.
Very good deal.
"It's easy to use, but with time the color washes away anyways. It's a cheap short term alternative to buying new clothes. I used this one on my yoga pants, and they all got significantly darker at first. 3-4 washes since then and they are back to being light. It's easy to use, you just add hot water and salt and let it soak for a bit. I would probably let it soak for longer than advertised. What's the worst that could happen? It will absorb more color. I don't think this stuff can deteriorate your jeans or pants. Salt soaks are good for thick clothes anyways. Makes the fabric softer."
"Though it turned my silk wedding dress dark purple, the cotton shirt turned a very satisfying true black. Beware of your fabrics! Double check for necessary extra steps to ensure the deepest color possible. Some fabrics require salt or vinegar be added."
"great color & long-lasting, too."
I am not certain these even deserve one star.  After just a few washing so these were frayed and coming apart at the seams. Very disappointed!
Good coverage but not as dark as I would have wanted.
Rit dye. It works.
Did and awesome job on my old and tired dress- color is awesome and worked very well- I would recommend using a bucket to dye items in- the rinsing and cleanup take a while and I don't know how well the residue will rinse out of the washing machine.
Followed instructions and ended up with light purple garment.
Color is a little more aquamarine like.
I dyed 4 old pink blouses.  They all look pink new!
"Dyed my white Tshirt a dark grey, definitely not black. I even used twice the concentration they recommend."
"I've used Rit dye on a number of projects over the years. Instead of mauve, my curtains turned out light pink. The fabric was a poly-cotton blend, which is not recommended."
I use Black Rit-Dye for my tie-dye projects. For other colors I use Procion Fiber Reactive dye. But you can't beat this for it's deep Black Color.
Followed the directions and spent an hour dyeing my nylon dress--it turned out great and was actually pretty easy to do!
Worked but the color doesn't seem to stay all that long.
I made the mistake by not reading the directions and just went ahead and poured however much I thought I needed haha should've started with drops but the dye washes out if you keep running it. Didn't get that blush color I was looking for but its still a pretty pink
Works wonderfully!
"works great.  I was able to dye lycra fabric with this, but had to use my secret technique.  fabric took the dye and is black still."
ok
Cheaper than walmart and twice the size
Wanted to dye laces.  Was a bit lighter than expected.  But did the job.
Keeping things black as always.
"true to color, worked well"
"If you get lucky and use the right amount of dye and water and fabric then the results are good. If it turns out too dark try soaking in clean hot water, THEN use the fixative, or maybe skip the fixative and wash?? Good luck! PS.  Be certain to stir during soaking to avoid streaks due to folds!!!!!"
Partial to the brand
Sadly I received this and it was royal blue. It was a dark color put it in the wash and it was almost navy.....
as described
Successfully dyed my uggs with it.
As expected. Renews husbands black jeans for work
Black
This dye always works well for me.  It is easy to use and allows me to create wearable art with different effects.
Wasn't really great for my intended use (turning a khaki cordura item coyote brown). The item I tested it with (a khaki/tan boonie hat) came out purple and I just wound up dumping the dye. I'm going to try Tan instead which appears to give much better results for my intended use.
Pretty color
"I had to dye a wool jacket (GASP!), which you're really not supposed to do. This dye should be used with hot water - but you CAN use it with cold water. The color isn't as saturated as it would have been if I had used hot water, but that actually worked out perfectly for the color I was going for, and no shrinkage!"
"Keep in mind that all fabrics will react differently, so this review is specifically for a white cotton/rayon (55/45) blend linen.

PROS:
-This dye is easy to use. If you have zero experience doing any sort of sewing or crafting, this is pretty fool proof. I just dyed a few yards of fabric for the first time (it's drying as I type this), and I don't think it could be much easier. I used the directions on their website for sink/bucket dying because the directions on the bottle aren't particularly detailed.
-The color is pretty. It's a warmer purple, leaning more red than blue (see below for con).
-You can dye quite a lot of light-medium weight fabric with just this small bottle, which can save you a lot of money on hard to find fabric colors. I did 3 yards of linen and still have an ounce or two left. This saved me a lot of money on my costume--$70 for pre-dyed cotton fabric (which was, admittedly, slightly better quality than what I settled on) or $35 for white linen and dye. The extra hour of work is definitely worth a 50% price cut in supplies.

CONS:
-The color on the bottle was definitely a cooler purple with stronger blue undertones than red. That is what I wanted, but when dyed it's definitely stronger in the red department than blue. The fabric I used was white, but it's possible that fabric composition can affect dye colors. Do a test before you dye if you're dead set on a specific color!
-I tested a few small swatches to see how long I should leave it in. I tested 10, 20, 30, and 40 minutes. There isn't a whole lot of variation after the 10 minute mark. The 10 and 40 minute tests are easily distinguishable (10 minutes looks slightly faded, 40 looks deep and full), but the 20 and 30 minute tests look almost identical to each other. If I didn't keep the swatches in order, I would have trouble distinguishing them from each other.
-I've rinsed the swatches a few times, and it seems like the color won't last long as they've all visibly faded after 4-5 rinses. I'm only using the fabric for cosplay so this isn't a deal breaker for me, but if you're expecting your items to stay vibrant, be careful. (I did not use the fixative, so I can't vouch for its effectiveness.)

Overall, this is a good product at a price that won't break the bank for most people if you just want to test it out. I'll probably use other colors if I'm having trouble finding fabric I want in my price range again."
I mixed taupe and tan and only left the white curtains in the dye for a short time. I like the ivory/cream color I ended up with. The color is also very even.
"this is great dye for cloths, but will it dye tweed shoes"
"This is not quite dark enough by itself for my jeans. But when mixed with one part black to three parts blue, I was very happy with the final result."
"My jeans weren't coming out dark enough with just the dark denim blue dye. So I tried one of these with three of the blue and the results were really great!!! The jeans are 4-5 years old, some even older. But ALL of them now look like brand new jeans! I'll be buying more of this stuff: I have a great many jeans, long and short."
A+. Good value
"3 Stars because when I received the product, I wasn't sure if this was a used one or a brand new one. It was a bit dirty with a black dye. It was still kind of full, but a bit sketchy thinking that this could be a returned product."
The color turned out to be dark purple not brown. And it didn't really stain the fabric. I tried it multiple times and applied all the ratios explained on the instructions.
"Worked as I thought it would. I was trying to dye a polyester wedding dress pink for a costume. Knowing polyester doesn't dye well, I bought red dye and I got the perfect pale pink"
I love it. I have a Black dye bath every few months and my black clothes look new
"Even after following the instructions and dying the garment twice, the dye didn't take."
"You have to use twice as much die to be sure of an even result.
Two of these bottles for one long-sleeved t-shirt will do it.

Will run into other cloths in the wash."
"Shipped fast. Product was as intended. No issues, would order again"
"The dye was easy enough to use, but not exactly petal pink depending on your method and fabric.  I dyed a pair of stretch jean shorts that use to be pale pink, but had faded to white.  They came out hot pink following the directions.

I had a white cotton t-shirt I wanted an ombre dye on, so I dip-dyed it.  The top part came out hot pink, and faded as it went down.  I should have left it in for a much shorter period of time to get actual petal pink.

Testing a similar fabric first would have been ideal.

Still, very easy to use and looking to buy more colors to refresh some other items of clothing."
Great color.
Horrible!  Followed instructions to the letter and made my white tablecloth into an UGLY UGLY brown gray colour :(
"This is a great product as always.  I found that with the darker hues it takes longer to absorb into materials like jeans.  I did a test and used a very fine sandpaper to brush the length of the pants before dying them.  I had one exact pair of pants that I left alone.  Roughing them up seemed to help the dye absorb slightly better.  I would only recommend that method on material like jeans, as others are too delicate."
"This was a very good quality dye, and it worked INCREDIBLY well. Color came out just a LITTLE darker than I expected, but after washing the garment, I believe it will lighten to be 100% accurate. Very satisfied!"
Found much better price after purchase.  Dammit.
"The product description on amazon says that it works on polyester,  but the label on the bottle says not for use on polyester.  Waste of money."
Great Product!
"Work right, great color."
Followed instructions to dye during wash cycle except reset to agitate an extra cycle before rinsing. I was disappointed that the fabric didn't grab the dye well. Followed online instructions for spot dying and it worked fantastic.
I used this to dye a white shower curtain and towels. I ran them through the wash twice with the dye and it worked great. It also didn't leave any residue behind in the washing machine.
Works great.  Loved the color.  A fine product.-Lisa
"Love the size of the bottle, it last a long time!"
"I imagine it's going to work great, just haven't tried it yet.  But i do like the size of the bottle so I'm looking forward to checking it out."
"I ordered this product to dye a curtain for my daughter. If you follow the instructions to the word, your project will be perfect. I used this color plus scarlet to make coral!"
I dyed my jean shorts thinking they would be more dark jean blue but when it came out it was more like light blue that wasn't jean color. There also was never fringe on my shorts until I dyed them
Good
Works
Works
I ended up staining my Toms and they looked awful. I added the whole bottle to a 5 gallon bucked filled halfway with water. I left my shoes overnight to soak.  I kept them submerged by putting a small bowl filled with a brick on top of them.  The next day I removed them and left them in the sun to dry.  I could barely see the stain.  I am glad this product gave me a second life for my shoes.  The rubber bottom didn't pick up any of the dye. I can see myself doing this with other colors when my Toms need refreshing.
Great!!
"This worked well to re-dye my black t-shirts, but despite several washings they have continued to bleed on everything, even in cold water.  I have SOOOO many gray things now!"
I use  this dye on my Uniform An they comes  out brand new Rit dye are the best
Worked great
"I was afraid this would be too pink, so I used 2/3s pink, 1/3 cherry red, and 1/3 blue. It came out a dark.eggplant plum. But was very easy to use. I dyed heavy tan jeans, soaked for 30 mins and rinsed in my sink, cleaned up with bleach. And washed jeans in cold cycle."
"This is a very powerful blue, it was so easy to use, I did it in a large bucket. I used 2/3 pink, 1/3 red and 1/3 blue. Hoping to get a pinkish.plum, but I got a dark eggplant plum. I.still like it. Only 30 mins soaking, rinsed in sink, then threw in cold wash cycle.."
The washing machine method worked great to dye a nightgown.
"This was enough dye to dye a full sized chenille bed spread and two matching shams.. The bedspread was originally white and this did a good job of covering where it had yellowed over time. Love my ""new"" pink chenille bedspread. Thanks RIT"
"Nice dye, worked well to turn white pants to a light khaki color."
"Definitely does dye clothing (I used a plain old 100% cotton tee) but does not dye the thread garments are sewn with. Same with other RIT colors I've used.

Follow the directions PERFECTLY. I didn't follow them exactly as written and my tee was not evenly dyed but not very noticeably uneven."
like
Pulls a strange pink-y color.
These liquid dyes are so much more consistent than the powdered kind.  Used this color to dye a set of sheets and they look great.  I found the easiest way to use this was in the washer with the addition of a cup of salt to help it set.
After a few washes it's faded drastically.
"I'm dying everything black. It's better than buying new clothes just because the old ones are becoming stained. Good stuff, this dye."
Product had a pretty color but didn't work on my swimsuit material
How strange that I cannot find this product locally anymore! Great product!
Didn't work
Same as expected
vary good
vary good
vary good
vary good
worked fantastic
I have always used it and loved it
"I had a pair of yellow vans that I wanted to dye black. I filled a bucket with hot water, a cup of salt, and a bottle of this dye and after 2 hours of letting my shoes soak, they legitimately looked like I had bought them that way. the color was even and very dark, even after hosing them off. I would totally recommend this project and I will buy it again."
"This is a gorgeous color. However, I had problems with it. I dyed two leotards with this. First, I'm experienced dying leotards and have used the same brand leos to dye for quite sometime. However, with this dye, I had problems. I dyed a cotton-lycra leo the emerald green and the color was gorgeous--until I held up the leo afterwards and saw three areas where the green had dropped out. I had to rinse and rinse this in water and oxyclean. However--the resultant color was a beautiful pastel aqua when I was done. I would have liked the green, but I'll settle for the pastel aqua.

The second leotard was a nylon-lycra one. It turned not green, but into a peacock blue that was really pretty. Unfortunately, there were many, many areas where the peacock blue dye dropped out after rinsing this leo in the washing machine. (I wash them in cold water and a bit of soap to get out the excess dye). Again, I had to handwash this leo in a mixture of oxyclean and water for a long time. I ended up with a pale blue leotard. There are still areas where the dye dropped out, but it's very faint. So now I have a pale blue leo.

I don't know how this happened, as I've had great luck with Rit dye and leotards. Not sure what happened here, but because the color is so beautiful, I'm willing to try this one more time."
Worked wonders on my accidentally bleached favorite cardigan!
This is not a tan dye. I mixed the dye well and followed directions and a white fabric still came out a light green.
"Rit is a good product, but this particular color, Teal, did not dye the fabric anywhere near the color of the bottle. I was doing a standard duvet, not heavy, used two bottles.  Looked good till it rinsed and dried."
Worked!
"Used to dye some Dickies overalls bright purple for a Wario costume using the washing machine method.  It was super easy, thanks to their panatone system and I'm happy with how the color turned out, despite Dickies using a non cotton material for the shoulder straps."
Excellent product
Best in the biz. I use Rit for plastic parts in my quadcopters. Works great!
did not dye my corduroys after two bottles.. worthless
Love using this for tie dye!
"It does dye your shirts, I will give it that, but it isn't royal blue. All of the white shirts I dyed came out purple. If you want purple, it works quite well. If you want what the box actually says, good luck."
"This is a no-brainer.  Rit dye has been the standard from the 1970's (probably longer than I remember), and possibly way back from there.  I purchased this product and used it like I did in the early 70's to dye some cotton pillow cases (no tie-dyes were done this time), and (just follow the instructions) if you add some salt to the hot water wash, and then allow a good amount of time to agitate and soak...everything works like it should."
conveniently works as it says
Does the job!
"I love this. I bought two bottles and used them in the washer to die a black cardigan, 2 black tank tops and my favorite black skirt. They are quite a bit brighter now so that's good I can keep them another year"
"Worked great on my boring thermal tan curtains.  I just threw them in the hot water of the washer after it filled and poured in two bottles of dye to do four curtains in a regular cycle.  The color, which I was really scared about at first, *i kept peeking in the washer* came out as a beautiful cheery lemon yellow.  Really happy.  I wonder if I can dye the ugly tan curtains to purple next...  Easy to use.  I didn't know what fabric thermal curtains are, (it says to not even do them) but I added a little salt per directions.  Very exciting project with a great outcome."
Works great for the price.
Works great for the price.
"I swear by Rit Dye, it always does such a great job. This tan color (that I selected) as marked on bottle, actually had ""green"" dye inside when I opened it, but the store owner happily exchanged for me. Great customer service!"
good product good price
"The instructions say that you can dye fabric in a pot/stainless steel sink. This might be the case if you are dying a handkerchief, but if you're dying a pair of thin cotton pants, like I was, this does not work. Despite using a big pot, keeping the water warm, and stirring all the time (!) the pants look horrible as certain areas are darker or lighter than others. Dying them a second time in the washing machine was too late, and the pants are ruined. They should be a lot more specific in their instructions for how to use this product. I'm sure the dye could have worked perfectly if I had put them in the washing machine the first time around, but since we have to use a shared washing machine in the basement of our building, where one cannot extend the wash cycle, we through it would work better to do it in a pot."
"I bought the Liquid Taupe Dye and followed the instructions -- I brought a pot of water to a simmer then turned down the heat, and then put 1/2 bottle of dye in 3 gallons of water. I was skeptical because the dye looked bright green, but figured once it was in the fabric or in hot water, it might look different. Eventually the water started to look more brown, but the fabric all came out to be a blueish green. Even after rinsing, it's still a blueish-green sort of grey. It's not warm at all, and it's nothing like the package color. My fabric was 100% cotton and fortunately I tested on strips before dying the end product. I read reviews on Amazon and noticed other people experienced the same thing with Taupe and Tan. Really disappointed because I was hoping it would have more of a khaki look, and don't know how teal was supposed to come out as taupe."
"Best rag dye, had to purchase this for my work because we were out of our dye. This worked great and keeps well for a few washes."
"I can't say these were great. Yes, I does dye things black but wow, when does it ever stop running?  I've washed my socks more than 4 times, soaked them in a large pot of water and kept rinsing them (no the water never stayed clear) and YES it still dyes my feet black.

What gives?

I dyed them with lots of salt (as recommended from the instructions) and dried them thoroughly before I washed them several times but they won't stop bleeding color."
"I used an entire bottle to dye a gray cadet hat and a bright pink skull cap. The cadet hat was 60% linen and 40% cotton and turned out a very dark gray but not quite black. The skull cap was 93% cotton and 7% spandex and turned out a dark brown with a pink haze. It did not dye the stitching on either. The dye worked well for what I needed it for (I don't mind if the hat is dark gray instead of black, and the skull cap is going inside the cadet hat for extra warmth, so not a big deal what color that is), but it didn't work 100%. Most black dyes don't, though."
"I bought this from my walmart (only $3)... I had bought a rocking chair for my nursery that I ordered in ""baby pink."" The chair came in and it was a hideous puke-peachy color (as you can see in the picture). I dyed all the pieces of the chair and it came out beautifully! I couldn't be more happy!!"
"You can't revive a beloved fading garment with this, furthermore nothing can erase a bleach spot. Just throw the garment away and find another one you love. You can use the money you will save by not buying this to put in on the new dress, shirt, whatever."
I followed the instructions to the tee on cotton fabric and got an olive green even though I did it twice..  It covers completely but not the right color.  Not nearly as dark as I would have liked.
"It works! I have used this dye in both Navy Blue and Black for years. I have several Ralph Lauren cotton sweaters that are over 10 years old and still look like new, thanks to Rit Dye. For dark colors, I always use twice the amount of dye, leave them in the machine over night and make sure to use salt. Also remember to wash your machine out afterward with bleach.

It's also great for freshing up yoga pants, sweats, t-shirts and socks. Over the years it has saved me thousands of dollars.

Do be careful after dyeing, when washing garments use cold, mild detergent and was them together but seperately  for a few weeks. That way there is no bleeding on to other clothing."
Not sure what happened here. When I tried to dye a hat it came out a greenish color? I don't know if it is a dye's fault or the fabric I was trying to dye. A little hesitant to use 'tan' again - I suppose what you are trying to dye should be 100% pure white?
It didn't apply evenly on the fabric and there is a lot of dye transfer. I'm going to have to get my chair reupholstered instead.
Work clothes look amazing again
Excellent dye and easy to use.
"Dyed a bunch of girly baby stuff blue for a boy.  The other reviews pretty much cover it, but even white items came out on the purple side.  Dye came out evenly and overall I'm happy!  I poured boiling water into a 5 gallon bucket and stirred with a broom handle. I'd probably try navy next time instead, though."
The craft and sewing supplies that I get here are very fun.  There are lots of options and if ever a problem can simply return.
The craft and sewing supplies that I get here are very fun.  There are lots of options and if ever a problem can simply return.
The craft and sewing supplies that I get here are very fun.  There are lots of options and if ever a problem can simply return.
"I usually love Rit dyes...but this one, as other reviewers said, has very strong red undertones. I dyed one piece in a light dye bath and it is a rosy tan; the pieces I tried to get dark brown are maroon, almost burgundy. Extremely disappointed. (Not to mention I've never seen a piece of chocolate look this red!) I would say to look for the ""dark brown"" instead."
"This Rit  Golden Yellow is very nice.  I dyed two pair of white linen pants with this yellow and people stop me on the street to ask, ""Where'd you get the jazzy pants?""  ""Dyed them myself,""  I reply, somewhat smugly."
"Very pink - can go from light to dark, make sure you are watching it. Nice for the versatility,can make several shades from one bottle."
Lighter blue then I thought but word great ...more like a light wash denim then the bottle shows
"Awesome dye, no need to throw away your faded pants!!, I used this on a pair of faded black pants and now they look like new, but keep in mind that after you dye them you have to be extra careful when washing them, I use cold water and I wash them by hand also I use detergent for black clothes and after 6 months they still look like new!."
I used it to color two pairs of jeans.  Worked well.
Very good
Very good
I have a Navy Blue Lacoste knit shirt that was accidentally sprinkled wit Clorox.  It's a miracle what a small bottle of Rit can do!
"This worked as expected but it really doesn't work well with synthetic fabrics.  I tried it on the microfibre covers of a couch and while it did change color, it was only from cream to a light beige with maybe a reddish/purplish hue.  I'm going to try this again but far more concentrated and will report my results.  I first used it in the washer that hardly soaked in at all, then in an old bathtub and let it soak for hours.

The instructions say that it will stain old porcelain and this is very very true.  I didn't care about the bathtub I was using (it's being replaced anyway) but if you do, I wouldn't use it in your tub at all as it very easily permanently stained any porcelain area that had the slightest wear.  I also wouldn't bother with a washing machine unless you're dyeing something very permeable."
thank you
freshens up my jeans
"Only works with a regular top loader machine, and I am not going to stir and cook my fabric for umpteen minutes.  Great color, I have used it before, but just too much of a pain."
"Died my blacks back to black. Does run a bit even after three washes, so keep your died products separate."
Beautiful deep purple that adhered really well to cotton.
"Worked well, but was not the color I needed."
I don't know what I did wrong. The two projects I did with royal blue and cherry red turned out fabulous. I soaked some shirts in soda ash for twenty minutes and attempted to washing machine dye them with two bottles of aquamarine. None of the dye took on any of them. Maybe it was just a bad batch or sat on the shelf too long.
"I would have to describe myself as a talented hobbyist. I've been tie-dyeing and reverse-dyeing for years, but I seldom do bulk-dyeing washing-machine style. I wanted to breathe new life into five pairs of jeans, so I bought two bottles of RIT royal blue and went for it! I soaked them for twenty minutes in a mixture of hot water and soda ash, then followed the instructions on the bottle. I'm very pleased with the results. The colors aren't as vibrant as procion dye, but the process is much easier and there's no mess. I was also impressed by the nice, even coverage. I just wanted to do an update. I reverse-dyed four t-shirts and used two bottles of royal blue and one of the denim, plus one cup each of salt and soda ash in the washing machine. The four pictures should tell the story."
"For $6.32 my brand new, but accidentally bleached stained, olive cargo pants are back in rotation!  Darker, yes, but the bleach spots are barely noticeable.  In fact, if they are noticeable, someone is probably too close to me!"
Love buying this
"this Rit Brand really works I just dyed my dockers pants an turned out very nice
I have this dockers pants that just comes in a grey color which fits me very nice and cool but got bored with the color and decided to try dying to this color, surprise!!! it turned out very nice and even color, how I did it? I got a bottle of this Rit and filled up my washer half load with hot water added the whole bottle, wet pants  in the sink and put in the washer washed for 10 mins let rest 20 mins washed 10mins more rest 20 and last cycle just left  to fish, make sure when rest all fabric is sank into the water, if the washing machine gets tinted? no is does not I rinsed out full load with bit of bleach"
Makes everything purple.
I should have listened to the other reviews. Both times I used this turned my garments a light purple. I did the pre soak for both. Boo.
Good experience with this product.
Great.
Good experience.  It meets the expectations.
Used this color for my Vanellope von schweetz costume! Turned out nicely! It was a bit dark at first but I solved it by washing it thoroughly several times with hot water to make it lighter.this bottle was easier to use than the sachet ones and had better results.
I love the color! It was a bit darker than shown in the bottle but i still like it! Definately much easier than the sachet ones
This is a beautiful canary-like yellow color! I used it to dye some white cotton sheets and they came out great.
got it to dye some Multicam pants more green color. Worked good. not as dark as I expected. but better than the tan that it was. I would describe it as a mix of Ranger Green and Olive Drab... and I used it exactly as directed..
Just as usual
Just as usual
Just as usual
Just can't use on product I wanted to use it on because it's 100% polyester.
My blue jeans turned out purple. Ugh. I did it manually too and it is a lot of work! Not worth dying my jeans to make them dark again.
Didn't work to cover bleach mark on jeans
"After using 2 bottles of this stuff to dye a sheet, the color wasn't even a shade of blue... it is 100% purple. Luckily I at least have purple bedding that matches but Do Not Buy if you want blue..."
Works as advertised
"Perfect, easy to use, curtains can out beautiful."
"The color is perfect arrived fast,  and have already dyed my clothing.  PERFECT"
"It is a little more work than I thought it would be, but the results are nice."
I dyed a jacket and it turned out great !! I used the dye in my washer. I was very pleased with the results.
Did what it was supposed to.
Product was delivered quickly!  Works exactly for what is needed.
worked really well to fix a bleach accident on my moms vintage napkins. OOPS....but they came out great after 40 mins in a sink dye.
I got what I want. Great!
It's green and cheap.
just what I wanted
Great product.  Arrived quickly.  As advertised.  Thanks!!
"Did not color blanket as I had hoped, prob should have used two or three, was a little spotty :/ But the areas that did take the dye were exactly the color I wanted. Will update after another round."
"I opened the bottle.  The liquid was green.  I called RIT and the phone rep insisted that was normal and that my garment would, indeed, come out tan.  Lo and behold, my garment is a light army green (starting from a pale bone--almost white.)  So, I don't know what to believe, RIT or my lying eyes."
It worked!  My blouse is pink.  I have even gotten complements on my pretty pink blouse
Great worked perfect. Comes out much lighter than shown color on the bottle.
Great product and perfect color!  Just as described!  Will def buy rit dye again!
"I'm in the process of re-upholstering my sofa - I got the thing stripped down to the frame, and have rebuilt the foundation layers on the seat and back. Now I'm paused in the project while I decide what color fabric to choose for the long term commitment that the next phase will bring. Since it's nice to have a place to sit while I decide... I pulled out an old canvas futon cover and slipped the old seat cushions and some pillows in it and put them on the sofa as temporary cushioning. The futon cover was off white. One day my daughter had stretched a dark purple sleeping bag over the sofa planning to curl up in the sleeping bag... the color looked great! So.. I ordered a two 8 ounce bottles of purple Rit Liquid Fabric Dye and mixed them into 4 cups of very hot water, with salt, following the directions from the web site for dyeing fabrics in the washing machine. It came out looking kind of berry purple - not pink - but not the deep purple like the sleeping bag. So I ordered 3 more 8 oz purple bottles, and one navy blue bottle and followed the directions again - adding all four in the washing machine and tossing the berry colored futon cover in for another round. It came out perfect! A deep purple / violet color. Now I just have to choose a type of fabric in about this color to finish my upholstery project."
"I'm in the process of re-upholstering my sofa - I got the thing stripped down to the frame, and have rebuilt the foundation layers on the seat and back. Now I'm paused in the project while I decide what color fabric to choose for the long term commitment that the next phase will bring. Since it's nice to have a place to sit while I decide... I pulled out an old canvas futon cover and slipped the old seat cushions and some pillows in it and put them on the sofa as temporary cushioning. The futon cover was off white. One day my daughter had stretched a dark purple sleeping bag over the sofa planning to curl up in the sleeping bag... the color looked great! So.. I ordered a two 8 ounce bottles of purple Rit Liquid Fabric Dye and mixed them into 4 cups of very hot water, with salt, following the directions from the web site for dyeing fabrics in the washing machine. It came out looking kind of berry purple - not pink - but not the deep purple like the sleeping bag. So I ordered 3 more 8 oz purple bottles, and this one navy blue bottle and followed the directions again - adding all four in the washing machine and tossing the berry colored futon cover in for another round. It came out perfect! A deep purple / violet color. Now I just have to choose a type of fabric in about this color to finish my upholstery project."
none
its dye
its what it says it is
"Meh. Works ok. Really expensive, only dies a few pieces of clothing. And I did the pre-vinegar and everything. Just works ok, but runs out a little with each load. Don't dye socks, it paints your feet EVERY TIME you wear them. I wouldn't buy again."
"Used this product exactly how the bottle said to, let my completely white shirt soak for over an hour in the dye, and it came out a pink color......"
"SHOULD BE 0 STARS:::::
Last time I checked this isn't what taupe looks like"
slightly darker then expected  but still worked good.
"Effectively did what I wanted it to so far. I wasn't trying to dye anything really black though. I used a more diluted mixture of it to darken some bright shirts I never really wore. Some just got darker, some changed to a new dark color (for example pink turned dark purple), but either way I was happy because they came out dark. I used the ""stove top method"" so I could control the amount of dye/darkness for each shirt. Making it lighter is as easy as adding more hot water. To make it darker I just took some of the hot dye-water mix out of the pot with a cup, mixed a little more dye into that, and then poured it back into the pot. I had no problems with the shirts dying evenly that way.
I also mixed some with leftover red Rit I had and it created a pretty awesome winey-maroon color."
"I dyed 4 black jeans in my washing machine using 2 bottles of Rit black dye.  First I viewd the video demonstration for dying in a washing machine on the Rit website. The only thing I did different from the video is I did not use my soap dispenser. I waited until washing machine tub was full, then added dye, agitated, then added jeans.
I ran a clean cycle on my machine afterwards. Jeans came out great. I will continue to dye my black jeans when needed. All is well that ends well!"
Worked very well. Thanks!
"Great product, excellent price!"
"Worked great refreshing the denim color of my four, full-length dining chair covers.  If you wipe up any spills (I used an all-purpose cleaner) and wash the components of your washer immediately after use (I used the washing machine method to dye, my cleaning cycle + bleach to clean up the machine), the dye doesn't stain!"
Product works well when following instructions!
I used this product on a polyester dress and it came out in strange patches and I ended up having to throw the dress away. I don't recommend this product.
Product was as described.
"I tried to dye a duvet cover brown ombr style with this ""cocoa brown"" dye. Part of the cover I only used a very small amount of the dye expecting it to be a lighter shade of brown but it is literally pink. Not like a little pink but straight up light pink. The other part of the duvet cover I used the amount recommended on the back of the bottle and it is fairly brown but it is still much more red/pink than the color on the bottle. I have a picture if you want to see the truth. The carpet is a normal tan color so you can see how much red/pink the dye made the fabric."
"Good dye. Is what it is, does what it's supposed to. Follow directions and you should have no issues. The color will be different depending on what you are trying to dye. Color of fabric, type of fabric, what you use to dye it in (washing machine, bowl, etc...) I think the powder is more saturated than the liquid. The color of the dye is never what's on the bottle IMO, but again that depends on the above factors."
WORKS GREAT
nice
"Good dye, great price."
"Good dye, great price."
cool works great
It was much darker than the color it advertised.
"Love it! The color is exactly as expected and shown in the picture here, a very beautiful aquamarine blue. It lasts and doesn't ""bleed"" in the washer. Very easy to follow directions. Staining is minimal when following directions, and easy to clean (if cleaning is immediately after the staining; otherwise, slightly less easy to clean , but not that bad). The color is absolutely gorgeous! I fully recommend it."
"I followed the instructions, although there could have been more details on how to use the dye..it was not very clear.  In the end, it did not dye my sweater..."
"I had some nice, rather expensive black trousers which were fading and looking bad from laundering.  So instead of throwing them away, I decided to try to revive them by running them through the washer with this Rit black dye.  I read the directions carefully and added one cup of salt as they suggested.  I was nervous because the dye looked dark purple out of the bottle.  But my 2 pair of trousers came out beautifully and have a new lease on life.  They are jet black and look new again.  The dye process was easy in my washer.  Just be sure and clean the washer with a bleach and clear water cycle as per the directions on the Rit bottle."
"It's brown dye, exactly what it says it is and works well. I've never had any issues with Rit dye."
Not as strong of a color as I'd like but it did the trick.
Bought it for some faded pieces of black clothing and it really didn't make a difference.
I may not have had enough for the load but nothing was dyed totally black it either came out light grey or dark blue.
Color is not at all like the picture on the listing. I returned it.
Price is right!
"The denim blue color is so dark, which looks more like pen ink than jeans color. More lark very dark purple than blue."
Did the trick I does make your clothes back but by 2 shades no jet set black but it does work
"SUPER PINK.. Wanted a coral color, so I only put 1/4 in the washer.. It still came out hot pink!!"
It's exactly what I expect.
Worked great. Shipped fast
I ordered this dye for a pair of my husbands blue jeans to revitalize them.  I followed the online instructions from Rit.  Worked perfectly in the washing machine and did not leave any color in the washer.
works as expected
"Was easy enough to use.
I just filled a 5 gallon bucket with water, poured this in along with the pants I wanted to dye. It made them look like new, for about a week. Now they are faded again. I'm not sure if its the dye, or just how Dickies work pants are."
Worked great as I expected. I used it in my washing machine to dye my crinoline slip for my wedding.
Didn't dye my fabric black. Used product as directed.
"Very pleased,i thank you,,,"
Perfect
Best dye by far worldwide. Make sure to add the salt!
worked as it said it would.
no good! don't expend your money!
Worked fabulous.  Used it to stain the fabric on a chair
Not great at all
It does the job!
didn't work had to throw everything away fabric did not took the color waste of time and money.
came out more blue than black
"Followed instructions inexplicably, clothes did not remain black after the next wash."
"I love using Rit dyes!  It's fun experimenting with colors to try to match existing clothes; and, I use often to ""refresh"" dark colors ...  black, navy, etc."
I use Rit dyes often!  I used this on white sweat pants 'cause who wears white in the winter?  Now I have a great pair of tan sweats that go with a heavy sweater I already had!
Worked great!
Ok
Ok
"I had a favorite 3 piece pant suit get ruined due to a ""bleach accident"". I used hot water in a big soup pan and then rinsed in the sink and then in the washer. I am thrilled that it worked and saved this outfit."
"great item, best price, came quickly"
"The fabric I was trying to dye, after treating it with color remover 4 times didn't take the dye it washed out. I'm sure this would work for some things but not all."
Just the color I wanted
Easy to use and great xolour
Excellent!
I use this dye to darken clothes for work when they fade. It's a pretty simple process in the washing machine. It does not stain the washing machine as long as you follow the directions. They color lasts for a decent amount of time too with constant washing. Instead of having to continually buy new clothes I just make them look new again ;)
Will not be buying any more did not work like advertised.
I dyed a white comforter cover I had just bought and I love the bright pink shade. It brightens up my bedroom.
"excellent dye - nice, vivid color"
"The only dye I use, good stuff"
"Get two bottles for the machine, otherwise it is very light."
"This looked more red that I wanted, but I may just not have had enough dye in the machine.  Will have to try using two bottles next time."
This stuff works. You really have to be careful to keep stirring and make sure the fabric is not bunched anywhere so the dye can get to all of it.
"Product was not dark brown, but rust brown. I guess it needs to be re-dyed."
"After reading a few other reviews about how it came out purple, I tried 2 bottles instead of just 1 to get the navy blue color.  I followed all of the directions on the bottle for machine dying and even used the Rit Color Remover prior to dying the fabrics.  The white hand towels turned out a very weird shade of purple.  It's not even a nice shade of purple, just sort of a washed out used-to-be-purple purple.  At the very least, I expected the white fabric to turn out blue!  The towels turned out a horrible purple brown color.

The washing machine was an AWFUL MESS.  I've used the aquamarine dye before w/ great results and no mess in the machine afterwards, but this dark purple/blue ring remained in the washer and on the agitator.  After a few empty bleach runs and some scrubbing w/ the now ruined towels, the machine is now clean again save for a purple ring right at the top.  Would have been much easier to just go buy some new towels!!

I was trying to save some money by dying old white dingy towels a new blue color, but instead I've wasted money on 2 bottles of dye and 2 bottles of color remover, plus a bunch of purple or ruined towels."
"I opened it and use it once and was completely turned off.  Off it went right into my trash can.
Blue color?  Well, not quite.  Never again."
"I love this dye, it's one of the best I know of for a quick dye without a lot of mess.  I use it in my washing machine and most of the time I'm covering a stain on a garment.  This time I needed it for some light colored spots on my husbands Polo shirts.  I throw a bottle of this in the washing machine, let the shirt soak in it for 15-20 minutes, then run the normal cycle.  The clothes came out great."
"Very pleased with this , its been hard trying to find this color."
PERFECT AND I BE BACK FOR MORE. THANKS
"I tried to dye a purple shirt dark brown. It is brown, but you can still see hints of purple."
"Brought my favorite coat back to life, although I will warn to follow directions very carefully and recommend using 1 bottle and 1 cup of salt per pound."
"My girlfriend put 4 different garments, all white, into a washing machine together and got 4 different shades of pink. All 4 items were made of different blends of material. All of this was done at the same time, same load, so there was no ""quality control"" issue. The colors range from slightly more pink than white, to hot pink. 3 of the pinks were fairly close, and the hot pink was WAY hot pink. She still has half a bottle left even after 4 items. For everyone complaining that the color ""is way off"", this is proof that it's not the color, rather the user applying the color. Always test your material first if you can just to make sure what comes out with the strength you put in is what you want. All of that being said, she now wants more dyes and plans to buy a lot of white clothes so she can color them herself. We will certainly be buying this and other Rit dyes again."
Surprised that I had to dye several times to achieve color.
Excellent Product and great price
This didn't dye like I thought it would.
"Piece of crap. Tried to dye something twice in a row, the light color material turned out ugly purple, not black."
The color turned out nice and very even. Colored quite a lot using just one bottle. Awesome.
"Good dye, is pretty vibrant."
Thanks
"Easty to use, and did the job perfectly.  Beautiful color, and relatively evenly colored."
Followed all directions completely. Even left it in the dye longer than it said and the color didn't stick one bit to the couch cushions I was trying to dye. Won't ever purchase again
"Works perfectly BUT you cannot dye certain fabrics such as polyester, as it is a type of plastic."
"I used this to overdye an old rug in my driveway! I placed it on a tarp and squished the dye out straight with a sprinkle of the hose and rubbed it in well with a big pushbroom that I cleaned up first (or use a new one). It took well to the wool and the rug looks great. I used as little water as possible. It did take 3 days to dry so be sure you do it when its SUNNY. My barefeet were blue and my neighbors thought it was hilarious so wear plastic on your feet if you walk on it to do this....I didn't mind looking like a smurf surfing the next few days...
aloha"
just as i expected; very satisfied
just as i expected it to be; very satisfied
wife has used this product before with excellent results
"I used this to dye some white canvas couch colors. The color is more of a pink-brown than a true brown. Maybe I should have used 2 bottles. In any case, it was easy to use and the color is even so I'm happy overall even if its not the color I was expecting."
"was fairly streaky, but that was ok for the application I needed it for....(dying white portions of black and white aprons tan)
the effect was mottled and actually made the fabric more interesting."
"First a little back ground.  I like to make things - things I can't find elsewhere or would be too expensive to buy.  I have an army cot I use for search and rescue missions.  It kills my back.  I decided to get some wood and velcro it to the top of the cot and lay a wool blanket over it for padding and warmth.  Problem solved.  Back is happy again.  But this caused another problem.  I needed a bag to carry the slats of wood in.  So what to do?

I ordered some Rit black dye and Rit fixative through Amazon Prime.  As usual they were here in two days.  I ordered a yard of 8 ounce cotton canvas duck from ebay for $5.  I went to the Rit web site (as other reviewers suggested) and watched a few You Tube videos.  I'm not sure why other reviewers find dyeing difficult.  It was a breeze for me.

I covered the counter tops and the floor with old towels - just in case.  I warmed 3 quarts of water in a 6 quart stainless stock pot.  I washed the canvas on a quick cycle while the water heated on the stove.  I put the dye (all 8 ounces) in the pot, a squirt of dish soap and then put in the canvas.  The canvas immediately absorbed the dye.  As recommended by Rit, I put in a cup of salt after 5 minutes.  I followed the directions and let the canvas soak.  I also used tongs to sift the canvas in the pot.  I got tired of sifting the canvas after 5 minutes and went on to another project while the canvas soaked.

An hour later I poured the black water from the pot into our stainless sink.  I rinsed out the fabric in the sink.  The water went from black black to purple.  The canvas stayed black.  Unlike others I did not continue to rinse until the water went clear.  I got bored with the rinsing.  I sprayed the fixative on the fabric.  I still had half a bottle of the fixative so I poured it on the canvas and wrung out the canvas in the sink.

The canvas is a black black.  Did I say black?  Not purple, not blue, certainly not green.  Black as night.

I gathered up the towels and put them in the washing machine with some bleach for a soak.  I also put some bleach in the stock pot and sink.  Within 5 minutes the pot was shinier than it was when I started.

I did wear old clothes just in case.  But this was not a messy process.

Perhaps others didn't hold their mouth right.  I'm a guy.  I have four daughters and a wife - so I know that women are way smarter than men.  So if I can do this, anyone can.

Now I need to figure out what size to make the bag and get to working sewing it and putting on some carrying straps."
"I tried dyeing a cotton dress with this, and a pair of jeans. I basically boiled some water, poured it in a bucket, added salt, and put the clothes in there for a couple of hours. And when I took them out, the jeans had dyed very nicely and evenly, but the dress was splotchy and unwearable.

I also think this entire process is just unbelievably messy. Obviously it's fabric dye, but I had to use my bathtub to rise it. And now my bathtub is black, my sink is black, my hands are black, my bucket is black and my roommates are upset."
"I used this to make tie dye playsilks in all different patterns.  The color was really a denim, and it had clear instructions for a first time user - me!"
"Follow the instructions carefully and use salt if you need to. Also, maybe take clothes to the laundry mat when you're done because after a lot of research I finally discovered that it will stain the plastic parts of your washer, and you will have to use bleach to remove those stains. I was dying a cotton jacket that I LOVE and it looks much better. To be honest though, one more dye job probably would have improved it more. The jacket is black and really faded and I was just dying it black again."
"The brown doesn't really get dark brown on non white garments.

Buy the powder."
It works well in the washer machine.  My only problem was not using enough.  My blanket came out a faded purple when I expected gray or dark gray.
Good Item at fair price
didnt work on my plastic
"Although directions said not for 100% polyester,  I decided to give it a try.  The results were spectacular.  I couldn't imagine a better outcome. Easy to use if you follow the directions. I would highly recommend this to anyone wanting to dye fabrics."
"Just not the exact shade I needed, but it still works OK for me."
Worked well.
"CAN'T GET RIT DYE IN THE STORES ANYMORE, IT WAS OF GOOD QUALITY"
"I got this to dye a very obnoxious red/orange scarf a different color.  I love the size and shape of the scarf (and use it as a shawl too), but the color was so loud, I had to yell so people could hear me over it.  I followed the directions for sink-dyeing it using the dark brown, and the color came out an absolutely beautiful, deep reddish brown.  I'm sure if I'd left it in the dye for longer, the color would have been more brown, but I really love how it came out.  I would definitely do this again!"
excellent
arrived on time and as expected
"My first dying anything, and it turned out all right.  Just follow the directions."
"I dyed a khaki trench coat for a Doctor Who cosplay, and it came out fantastic!"
I bought this to save my favorite pants that I've had for 8 years because they had a bleach stain in them. I didn't expect it do get rid of the stain but just to make it less noticeable. Well it did more than that! I can't see the bleach stain at all and I'm very happy to be able to wear these pants out in public again!
"Item as described, great packaging. Highly recommended. AA++"
"Item as described, great packaging. Highly recommended. AA++"
"Item as described, great packaging. Highly recommended. AA++"
Keeps my dark blue jeans looking like brand new.  Only lasts about 4 washings though.
came out more purple.  TOO much effort for poor results.  Save your money
Worked great.. Hobby Lobby no longer carries so we was very excited to get from here.
True to color. Loved it!  Died an entire white body suit because I couldn't find one in violet. Came out great.
"We used half the bottle to turn white stripes cream. (We didn't want full beige.) Worked great. Didn't give the fifth star because I can't guarantee the color is true to the description, since we altered the mix amount."
Not as bright as a color as I hoped for my Rainbow Dash cosplay but I still am glad to have it to fix a pink on my dress to change it red.
"What a joke. Ruined the piece I was trying to DYE. It was a light colored, cotton blend cloth. Do not waste your money"
Color was perfect.  Rit dye is always easy to use.
"Used this to color aluminum in an anodizing process, left a brilliant color."
More of a gray than a black
"Perfect, thank you!"
"Perfect, thanks."
Perfect. Thanks!
excellent!!
I used this to dye my RC chassis back because it was an ugly grey plastic. Booked water with the dye and added the pakora to the pot. Let it sit for and hours and came out pitch black
I have been using Rit Dye for decades and it's still the same quality product. I dyed some items Fuchsia for a Halloween costume and the color was perfect. This product can give any washable item a second life. My husband's uniform shirts are red and fading fast. I bought some red Rit Dye for those as well and he will get another year out of them.
"Worked well.  I used it to dye a pair of ballet shoes for Halloween, and they came out perfectly."
"Didn't really dye my blue jeans a true black black and have yet to put through wash, but the dye seems to have given pretty even coverage.  I had to go to the website to get instructions because the instructions on the bottle don't make sense! After using though, I am worried about what kind of chemicals I washed down the drain."
"Purchased one bottle and dyed two pairs of black jeans that had faded over time. Followed the instructions on the bottle, using my sink. I left them in the dye for about 3 hours instead of 30-60 minutes as indicated on the bottle. But I wanted to make sure they got really dark black. I am very happy with the results and the jeans have already been through the laundry a couple times, and so far are holding on to most of the color. I would advise that you wash them separately the first few times, as the dye has a tendency to stick around and get on other clothes in the wash (I learned the hard way). Nevertheless, I will be buying another bottle for two additional pairs of black jeans that have started to fade."
"Nice color at first, but after 6-7 washes, it fades rapidly.  Always wash separately from other clothes when first dyed - it WILL bleed into your other laundry."
The dye worked great! The color held well.
This works great for my favorite pants that loose color too easily.  Would keep buying.
Exactly what I was looking for! Worked very well and didn't ruin the washer.
works well. But don't plan on it being true black. It's more of a blue black after one wash
We have a rug that lightens after a few washing.  I like soaking it this dye to bring back the color.  Color is must lighter than it shows.
"I found these great fitting all-cotton inexpensive turtlenecks that didn't come in enough colors, so I bought a few extras in white and dyed them.  One I did with Rit Sunshine orange and the other with Rit Aquamarine.  I had never dyed anything before.

The orange came out beautifully, almost exactly like the label shows, bright and rich, not as bright as ""safety orange"" but warm.  The Aquamarine was a big disappointment, nowhere near as vivid or saturated as the label, very washed out, like a powder blue. (I even tried immediately re-dying it with the second half of the bottle, but alas, still wan and boring.) Both items were in the dye bath in the washing machine for the maximum time.

The process is very easy, but if you're reading this you have internet access and should go straight to the website mentioned on the bottle rather than using the bottle label directions.  The web directions are more detailed and clear, and include the technique of adding salt for dying cotton items (and very step by step rather than the haphazard layout on the bottle). I had no issues with cleanup either.

The only funny thing to add is that my turtlenecks dyed in one funny way... the necks are double layered while the body and sleeves are just one layer of material.  The necks took the dye much better, possibly because these areas could hold the dye longer, so both sweaters have necks noticeably darker or more saturated looking than the bodies.  The result was totally tonal and looks fine and intentional - just mentioning this for anyone who may not find such a result ok.  Overall, I am pretty pleased, and owing to the simplicity, would certainly do this at home again."
"I found these great fitting all-cotton inexpensive turtlenecks that didn't come in enough colors, so I bought a few extras in white and dyed them.  One I did with Rit Sunshine orange and the other with Rit Aquamarine.  I had never dyed anything before.

The orange came out beautifully, almost exactly like the label shows, bright and rich, not as bright as ""safety orange"" but warm.  The Aquamarine was a big disappointment, nowhere near as vivid or saturated as the label, very washed out, like a powder blue. (I even tried immediately re-dying it with the second half of the bottle, but alas, still wan and boring.) Both items were in the dye bath in the washing machine for the maximum time.

The process is very easy, but if you're reading this you have internet access and should go straight to the website mentioned on the bottle rather than using the bottle label directions.  The web directions are more detailed and clear, and include the technique of adding salt for dying cotton items (and very step by step rather than the haphazard layout on the bottle). I had no issues with cleanup either.

The only funny thing to add is that my turtlenecks dyed in one funny way... the necks are double layered while the body and sleeves are just one layer of material.  The necks took the dye much better, possibly because these areas could hold the dye longer, so both sweaters have necks noticeably darker or more saturated looking than the bodies.  The result was totally tonal and looks fine and intentional - just mentioning this for anyone who may not find such a result ok.  Overall, I am pretty pleased, and owing to the simplicity, would certainly do this at home again."
"My job requires its employees to wear red tops, and I didn't want to spend a lot of money for a red sweatshirt, so I bought this to dye a heather grey hoodie I already had.

Dying the garment was really fun.  I followed the directions for the material I had and did the dying in the kitchen sink.  It was easy to do, but I would definitely recommend wearing gloves.  I used tongs to move the hoodie in the water so it would dye evenly, but you have to rinse the garment in cold water until the water runs clear, and that was too hard to do with the tongs. My hands ended up being red for two days.  Oops.

The problem that I have is that the dye isn't really 'set'.  You don't get dying instructions with the dye, you have to go to RIT's website for instructions.  In the ""Dye 101"" section it makes no mention of future washing instructions.  In the ""Tips for Successful Dying"" section, the NINETEENTH ""tip"" is:  ""CARING FOR DYED ITEMS. For the first two or three times, wash your dyed item by itself in cool water with a small amount of non-bleaching detergent. Always wash your dyed clothing with similar colors in cool water with mild detergent. Dry cleaning silks and special fabrics is recommended.""

That would have been helpful to know - and yes, in retrospect I'm kicking myself, because maybe it's obvious now, but I managed to dye a whole load of colored clothes pink.  My khaki pants are a disconcerting shade of salmon now...and the hoodie has faded from red to some very weird color that falls in the red family, but really isn't red at all.  :(

All that said, I'm considering buying another bottle of red and retrying.  First, starting with a light red jacket and using a full bottle might get me a darker, truer red.  I'd add some boiling water to my mix and wash it alone forever. But $4 for another bottle of dye is better than $30 for a hoodie that I'd only wear to work."
It failed to dye my shirt.
"Great Product, thanks again!!!"
"Great Product, thanks again!!!"
"Great Product, thanks again!!!"
"Great Product, thanks again!!!"
"I've used these dye products a couple times.  I follow the directions, but I never get the color to match.  It always comes out much lighter than expected."
Don't expect your jeans to be dyed in one go.. it's just not going to happen.. and please don't pay attention to the Youtube videos claiming otherwise..
Good dye.
"My  nightgown, that I dyed, came out darker pink that what this shows as Petal Pink but it worked. I wasn't disappointed."
"Apparently, whatever you do, don't follow the directions on the bottle. I was trying to fix some bleach-stained shirts and after doing precisely what was on the bottle, the shirts looked exactly the same."
Color didn't turn out exactly what I had anticipated. However it was workable and would purchase again if needed.
"Not as bright as I had expected, but still a beautiful color. Had to concentrate it a bit more than I had hoped, and it still came out a little too light for my liking. I probably should've went with the teal for my purpose. Lesson learned.

(The purple, on the other hand, went on beautifully and boldly. Would definitely recommend their purple color.)"
Item did not dye Dark Navy.  I left the item in for double the time and it still was not very dark blue.
This stuff dyes pretty well. It's a liquid and doesn't require the salt add-in like the powder requires. It also somehow makes less of a mess than the powdered dye. Best part is you don't need to use it all in one go. I prefer this over the powder dye.
well done.
well done .
Way better than the powder dye - try the over the stove method with a stainless steel stock pot for best results.
I tried it 3 different times and it didn't work
"I just dyed the curtains in my bedroom with this color. Everyone who has stepped into my room has commented about the color (""gorgeous,"" ""surprisingly beautiful,"" ""amazing""). It's a true aquamarine, at least to my eyes. It's bright and pale (as opposed to being dull and pale -- which I typically associate with pastel colors).

For those curious, a bit about my ""project:"" The curtains were originally a medium-light yellow. I liked them at first, since they were cheerful looking. After a decade of the same color, I wanted a change. Plus, the yellow wore on my nerves...it was not easy on the eyes anymore.

I wanted something more refreshing to counterbalance the over-cheeriness of the yellow. I wanted a color that evoked tropical island ocean waters when the sunlight hits it, so aquamarine seemed like the perfect color.

To get the yellow curtains to turn blue, I would need to remove the yellow color...
First, I bleached the curtains (poly-cotton blend). After it dried, the curtains weren't light enough, so I thought using the Rit Color Remover would do the job.
Then I used Rit Color Remover. The color was nearly white...
Caution: I do NOT recommend doing this (using both bleach and later the Rit Color Remover), because it REALLY weakens the fabric. One of my curtains ended up shredded in 6 places -- fortunately, I was able to mend them through some sewing skills. I would recommend using the Rit Color Remover first, because it doesn't weaken the fibers like bleach. Bleach can be harsh!!

Next, I used this dye, letting the curtains (and a light khaki colored canvas bag) soak for 45 minutes or so. The color definitely surpassed my expectations!!

There are some spots and specks of darker blue, but that's intentional -- I treated the cloth in a certain way where it wouldn't be a ""perfect"" wash of color. I was going for an organic, artisanal look, which I achieved. :)

I included two photos (no filters used, no color adjustments made) to give reviewers an idea. The only photo edits I made were cropping and resizing it to fit this review. However, the pictures definitely don't do the real thing justice."
"Word to the wise!  This is not minion colored!  I bought this based on the bottle color thinking this was the best indicator of color, but alas, it is way more ""golden"".  Bummer!  I do wish Rit dye would match the bottle color to how it will dye a pure white shirt."
did what it said and it works good
"This is purple/indigo....NOT navy blue.  Sadly I ruined 3 pair of well worn, well fitting jeans by trying to re-blue them using Ritz Navy Blue dye.

Now I'm trying to figure out how I'm going to get this purple out of my jeans and do the job right."
Used on a basic white toga and turned out purple.  Followed directions exactly...maybe it is the material but even if that is the case my skin was purple where I accidentally touched it.  I won't be purchasing dye from this company again.
Came on time easy to use but not really green as more of a gray not bad thow
color is on point.
color is on point.
color is on point.
good
It did not change the color of the jacket.
This Dye does nothing else then get your clothes dirty. I bought this product because I had some bleach stains on some black cotton pants. I used first 2 bottles for 5 clothing articles and I thought it was fine but after running them through a wash cycle the bleach stains were still there. I used the last bottle from the 3 purchased and still no result. I am very disappointed buy this product.
Gets the job done.
"Yep, tan."
"Easy to use great color, good price!"
Great color.
This is an awesome dye if you follow the instructions. I had clean new white cotton and I followed the instructions and got a terrific deep black.
"didnt do it for me
I tried to cover the white paint residual left on the sweat shirt
 It didn't do a thing"
THANKS FOR FAST SHIPPING AMD GOOD PRICE
"I mixed this teal with aquamarine which is also by Rit, as I thought teal was too green and the aquamarine too blue. The result was a beautiful color that was just what I was looking for!"
"This stuff works like a charm! I let my items soak for almost an hour, and then rinsed them until they were clear and then washed them. They have now dried to a nice warm brown! When it arrived I thought it would be too dark as the color on the bottle is darker in person, but it dries lighter than what is on the bottle."
"Said it would work for polyester but only dyed my dress a very subtle pink, even after lengthy boiling. Followed instructions and constantly stirred but still spotty"
This should perhaps be a 2-star review but I'm giving it the benefit of the doubt because I can't say I truly dislike it.  I followed the instructions but there really wasn't as much color imparted as I would have expected.  What color was gained started to fade with subsequent washes quite quickly.
We dyed a full set of men's bib overalls in this and had plenty left over.  Worked Great!
"It is not taupe, it came out a greenish color."
"It's my own fault for trying to dye polyester with normal dye, but needless to day it did not at all work like I needed it too. I ended up using 5 bottles of dye and it wasn't until I decided to not rise the dye that my dress was finally the color I needed. Lesson learned."
"Used this dye to ""upgrade"" the color in some uniform pants for the Halloween season. Did the stove top dye bath, and it rocked!!  Great service, prompt shipping!"
"How is it that every color from rit is purple based, brown, black, blue, it doesn't matter. Quick to fade"
Perfect color black for my dyeing needs..
Easy to use.
It seems to work before the dye washes out!
Color accurate
It is dye....it works.
Again...it is dye.......works.
More brown than tan.
"It did not work at all, no result, no difference between before and after. This purchase was a complete waste."
"I bought two bottles to try and fix a bleach spot on a duvet and after two tries, one where I put the color on the spot for days to let it really soak in- there is still a spot :("
"I've used Rit powder dye for years, and my mother did too. I've dyed T-shirts, curtains, towels, and jeans with great success. This is my first time trying the liquid dye, because I could get it in a maroon color I needed. I dyed one cotton hand-towel, and the color came out great. I simmered it in a big pot, added salt as directed, and soaked it for an hour. The problem was when I rinsed the item after dying. I've changed the water probably a dozen times, squeezing and soaking, and still the color is bleeding out. I tried salt in one rinse, and vinegar in another one - I saw a tip on the Internet about that helping set dye. I'll keep rinsing because I have nothing to lose, but I don't have much hope.

Edited 10/7/14:  I'm taking away another star because the first time I washed it in the regular washing machine, it bled so much that it's now a pink color instead of maroon.  I've never had such trouble with powder dye!"
good pruduct...
"is good,"
An oldie but a goodie!
Much easier to use than powder.  Great colour!
Nice wine color and easy to use. I love Rit.
My daughter wanted a pink kung fu uniform; and decided to buy this fuchsia dye. I did the entire process in the washing machine; and it came out perfect. She was a very happy little girl.
Good product.
"My clothes turned true purple, not black. Probably would've worked to blacken an item that used to be black but has faded."
"It worked, but like all dye you have to keep doing it or it fades."
Used to dye some micarta knife handles.  Worked perfectly.
Used to dye some micarta knife handles.  Worked perfectly.
Good value
"works well, not dark black, but black enough for my purposes. Stains everything it touches forever, be carefull :)"
"I dyed a stained yellow denim jacket twice in my washing machine in cold water, and the color came out as a red violet. If the color fades after I wash the jacket I will dye the jacket a deep blue."
worked perfectly on a cotton sweatshirt
"I put three pair of pants in to be dyed at the same time.  One turned out OK, another the cuffs were reddish, and the third was definitely a reddish color more than anything.  I was very impressed with the pink dye, but this one was not a solid tan.  It was a bit bronze-y with a red hue.  Good thing I was dyeing pants that were working their way down the wear list."
Uneven when used on a quilt even with two bottles. Instructions are somewhat vague.
My jeans are darker now! Thanks!
"There isn't anything truly amazing other than this is a hard to find color for me locally.  Be sure to look up the Rit chart that helps you visualize what color your garment or item will come out, depending on the materials.  I dye doll wigs, so it is important that I know that the color of this swatch or bottle is not the color I will get on a synthetic wig.  Good product, follow instructions, always use the hottest water possible."
It's more of a grey
"I have white comforters and they looked dingy no matter how often I washed them or applied bleach, decided to dye them in the washer with the use of soda ash and it totally worked."
Great color!
Followed instructions on Rit website for dying in washing machine.  I used for chair covers and they turned out beautifully!
loved color and clothing looked great
didn't work as well as i hoped i love Rit dye for dying my clothing and this one was sort of a let down my clothing turned out to be a dirty grey color
"I have used Rit Dye forever and for all sorts of projects with great results. The ""evening blue"" is my all-time favorite color--it is a soft light blue-- just like its' name--it is the color of the evenong sky after sunset---when the stars start to appear in the sky."
arrived quickly; dyed well.
"I tested the Rit black dye on three garments:
(1) one white, all cotton pillowcase
(2) one white cotton scarf with nylon lace detail
(3) two light green cotton-silk (67% cotton; 33% silk) pillow shams

I wanted to test the result on different fabrics and colors.  The results, in the same order, were:

(1) Slightly uneven color.  Weird medium purple color with gray and brown undertones -- an ugly color!  Stains on the pillowcase still showed.
(2) Slightly uneven color.  On the main cotton fabric, I got the same medium purple color with gray and brown.  On the nylon fabric the color was richer, more purple.  Neither was remotely close to black.
(3) Slightly uneven color.  I got the darkest purple result on the green, cotton-silk pillow shams, oddly enough.

I read several testimonials before starting and followers instructions to the T.  I used my top-loading washing machine for ease of use, but I did note that some had better luck with a bucket.

My next step (since none of the above results are the least bit satisfactory) is to dye my 3 garments again, but this time with ""Dylon velvet black"" dye using a bucket and boiling water.  Because I'm starting with a dark color, I may have better luck.  Also, I'll use less water so the color can saturate better.  Dylon's black dye is a blue-black, without purple/red undertones.  I'm hoping this will neutralize the dreadful purple/gray/brown color I got with Rit.

Don't waste your time and resources on Rit!  Huge mistake!"
"Worked great...but more of a Terra Cotta color. Definitely not dark brown. I dyed a pair of pants, and it didn't really matter that they didn't become dark brown. I just wanted them to be a darker color than the tan they started out as. If you are looking for a dark brown color though, I wouldn't recommend this shade."
"This dye turned old, faded cafe curtains into ones that look brand, spanking new."
great product
great product
great product
great product
"What can I say Rit Dye has been around for ever
Color was super bright. loved it!"
colour faded after one wash
the colour is a bit darker than i expected.
Worked great for darkening a pair of faded jeans. Would buy again.
"It works, but need at least 2 bottles with minimal amount of very hot water, so it's not that cheap."
Followed all instructions but my black pants still look the same...it did not work for me.
"not very dark for something called ""scarlet"" if intended for the darker true scarlet i would double up on the dye for the nice rich color."
Used it to dye nylon pouches. Does the Job perfectly.
I followed the directions to the letter. It still didn't bond well with the fabric in my jeans. After four washings they started to fade.
I used this to dye a comforter cover.  You just throw it in the washing machine. It's so easy.
I love all Rit dyes.
I love all RIT dyes. I just wish they came in more colors.
As promised.
easy to use! very happy and thinking of buying one more!
color comes out
Makes a most gorgeous entrancing color on nearly any type of fabric. One of my favorites
"Worked perfectly as described to dye my Banana Republic black-and-white dress to be blue-and-black. I used the stovetop method and it took a good 2 hours from star to finish but was SO worth it. The color dyed my dress a pretty deep blue. Not quite navy, but certainly a dark blue that's much darker than the packaging indicates."
Tulip powder dyes much deeper and true black. This stuff made my items more of a deep blue-purple.
love
love
I have used Rit Dyes for years with good results
I ended up returning it because the package had a lengthy list of fabric restrictions that should have been provided in the product listing.
Great transaction - speedy delivery. Just the color I needed. Thank You!
"More of a purplish brown than anything, but it worked well for turning an ACU backpack into a darker grey color."
I used it to dye an ACU backpack a darker color. Very easy to use but I suggest using twice the recommended amount to ensure proper penetration of the material.
"After following the instructions on the bottle using the boiling water method the end result has seemed to come out more purple than navy blue, however, it sufficiently removed any trace of fading from the garments i was dying and so it is ok."
Thank you
"A few years ago we had a wine party and tasting get tighter.  We were both wearing white and the inevitable happened. Yep, red wine on white cotton and silk.  So, we diced to just dye it up using this awesome Rit.  One suggesting, if possible, do not use at home. We took it to our local self serve laundry mate and went nuts on dying.  Also through in some old white towels so now we have a whole matching beach set.  Great stuff, messy and stays color fast for a long time."
Great!  Thank you!
Actually works and lasts
I ordered denim blue & got lemon yellow. Which would not be good to dye anything ever.
it works
"It turned my shirts grape purple. I thought if I did it again maybe this time it would take and be black, or even dark grey, but nope. Still just grape purple.

This is NOT black. It's grape purple. Don't want to believe me? Find out yourself. I just threw away about 10 shirts that I wanted to be black. You 2 can throw away 10 good shirts. Have fun."
very good item
very good item
It's blue not teal. :/
"ALMOST ALWAYS SATISFIED WITH AMAZON, YOU USUALLY HAVE EXACTLY WHAT I'M LOOKING FOR. ORDERING IS JUST A CLICK AWAY. THANK YOU!"
color seems a little off.  I dyed a cotton blend and it was a little orange
"I cannot really say, whether fabric dye iis good or bad, since I had not much success with it.  I thought I followed the instructions, but after an enormous effort on my part in the washing machine, the sweater that I wanted to color black came out grayish maroon. I think the reason for its failure was maybe that the fiber was not a natural but of a synthetic material.  Another reason might have been the length of time,  during which I left my sweater in the machine to soak up the new color.  I'm not sure whether this failure wasn't partly my mistake."
Love it! I dyed 3 shirts and a sweatshirt bright pink.
Color came of after a couple of wear
Color came of after a couple of wear
It works.  Messy but it works.
I bought this from a search on Amazon for a fabric dye to be used on polyester fabric. This is not recommended for polyester. Amazon offers iDye Poly Fabric Dye but this product did not come up in my search. Rit is a good dye so I give it the 5 stars but it was Amazon that does not understand that it should not be used for polyester.
"Unless you are desperate, I will suggest you just save your money to buy a new piece of clothing etc.  The black is really greyish and the mess is just not worth it."
"I recently moved into an apartment with the ubiquitous taupe carpet throughout. Most of my dishes and my dining room table still needed to be disinfected from recent floods. I used a bleach solution and forgot to protect the carpet, hence, I was left with several large, unsightly bleached areas, along with numerous drip marks in my dining area. Yikes! I saw carpet dye kits targeted to bleach repair, but wasn't prepared to drop nearly $100 for an unproven kit. Plus, I already need to replace most of my furniture and clothes. I decided to try the taupe rit dye for $3.99. If it didn't work, I could live with the loss. So, the bottle arrived and I just dribbled a bit on the largest bleached area. I was nervous, because it came out a dark bluish green from the bottle. I panicked just a tad and vigorously scrubbed back and forth with my finger until it started getting warm from the friction. Lo and behold, it started changing the stain to taupe. WOO HOO!!! Granted, it's not an exact match, but it's mighty close. Mighty close. I didn't add anything to it, and it only took a very small amount. I didn't douse it. I am sooooo happy! If it comes out whenever I shampoo my carpet, it's no big deal. I'll just use more rit. It didn't stain my fingers either."
Worked great to bring back the c
"Rit Dye is Rit Dye; what's to review? My One Star is based solely on an $8.32 shipping charge for an item that cost $1.41! Even then, it took nearly two weeks for delivery. I tried to cancel the order when I finally realized how ridiculous this was, but it was too late. That was my fault."
LOVED IT BRIGHT COLOR
This worked surprisingly well.  A cup of salt and my big 18 QT pot was all that was needed to make a bleached Polo shirt look surprisingly good.
As advertised
good price
This product failed miserably. I won't buy it again.
"I wanted to revitalize a couple of sweaters that were starting to fade.  It worked great.  The only downside is that I have an HE washer and the instructions say to add it directly to your washer.  The right shoulder of one of my sweaters got streaky because the dye hit it first.  Maybe if I had wet the sweaters before throwing them in?  Anyway, couldn't have been easier and worked great."
"Works OK, but stains all other items that come into contact with it. I was dyeing in a bucket and now it is all black"
"It was supposed to be navy, turned out light purple. I did follow the directions, so my guess is that maybe I would have needed 2 or 3 bottles"
"I use this to dye, my husband's  bleached t shirt,  the color match the original color , I use in the washer so no hassle  for me."
"I used it to dye some cushion covers, I wanted them to become gray so it was fine. But if you need to dye some stuff into black, well I think it won't be easy."
Worked great.  Used stove top method.  Well established brand.  Would recommend for others.  I used on white cotton onesies for baby.
Not really much to say as it is a reputable product and does what it says on the label! Well packaged and speedily despatched - can't ask for much more.
"I got this to stain the seams of some pants that had ugly bright white stitching. The stitching just turned a muddled greyish color, really unattractive."
"this is not black ... my sweater ,eventually, became dark blue-gray color. Everything was done strictly on prescription. However, as mentioned in other Review, is the truth: this dye is not black."
I USED THIS TO STAIN POPSICLE STICKS FOR VACATION BIBLE SCHOOL. WORKED REASONABLY WELL AND WAS MUCH QUICKER THAN PAINTING THEM.
"First time trying this brand, good value for a price, its just doesn't last that long, tried it on my black slacks"
I used the stove top method as suggested by Rit's website and it gave my husband's uniform a purplish hue when out in the sunlight. Not acceptable especially since he's in the military
"I bought this to go along with the color remover for outdoor patio furniture covers.  As with the color remover that did't work, this left my charcoal grey cushion covers charcoal grey.  Not even the white trim on the inside of the zipper was navy, much less even a light blue.  Still white.  Complete waste of time and money."
"Dyed some white curtains.  Followed the directions on the bottle.  After the dye soaks in, the directions tell you to wash it with laundry detergent.  Then it says to wash the washing machine with bleach.  I thought washing them right after I dyed them just didn't sound right, but I followed the directions.  My curtains are now white again.  The whole thing was a waste of time and money."
"I wanted to dye some surplus army winter (white) camo ponchos to be more earthy tones for non winter months.

I choose this dark brown, tan, and a couple of greens.

I made sorta of tie dye patterns with rubber bands and putting one dye in, running a cycle..then switching up the rubber band areas and running a different color dye.  Start with the lightest dye first.

For clean up I ran an empty load of hot water with oxi clean or I ran a load of rags in hot water with oxi clean.  Both had super results and I never had any left over dye show up in my next load of whites."
"I believe this would have been a better option over navy blue. I used it together with the rit black to save a pair of jeans that the navy blue dye turned into a dark purple pair of jeans. Full bottle of this and half of black, gave me my jeans back. Not the best of colors, but certainly wearable."
I picked this up when the rit navy blue didn't do the job. This did the job well as I only used about half the bottle to turn the now purple jeans into something darker. This did the job and saved a pair of jeans.
"I didn't believe the other feedback comments and thought somehow I would be different. It turned my jeans purple. I had to buy black rit dye in order to bring the jeans to a wearable color otherwise I would have tossed them.
Instead of Navy Blue it should be changed to dark purple when used on jeans at least."
"I combined it with the color ""Denim"" to make a dark purple dye and it worked beautifully for the dress I was making."
"I used this color among other 'camo' colors to dye some German Snow Ponchos (surplus) so they wouldn't all be white.  The liquid and the powder both worked well.  I didn't notice a difference between them besides cost.

I used oxiclean and a hot water cycle after to clean out the wash machine and never had any left over dye mess with any other clothes.

There are a lot of color combos you can make with RIT dye - [...]  check out their site to see which colors you need."
This does turn out to be indigo. What I do is mix half navy with half black. That will get it to the dark navy I usually want.
I did as indicated and the dye didn't get the shirts dark enough.  I even dyed it multiple times but still didn't get shirts dark.
"Good product and price - I liked the color as well. Can be messy so be cautious as to how to protect surfaces, hands, etc"
Dyed an ikea chair cover. It was amazing. Works so easy and hassle free in the washer. Will use again
super easy if you follow the instructions. make sure whatever you dye is cotton ... poly doesn't work that great .. not sure about mix material
Used this to dye some wooden candle sticks.  It was super easy.  Go to Rit's website to figure out how to blend the colors to get what you want.
Used this to dye some wooden candle sticks.  It was super easy.  Go to Rit's website to figure out how to blend the colors to get what you want.
"I tried dying some of my white vans (shoes). The first round it dried light purple. So I dyed it again, and it ended up dark purple. If you are looking for blue DO NOT BUY THIS COLOR! You will be disappointed and would've wasted your money!!"
"very very easy.  I never dyed anyting in my life and you literally just fill the sink with water, pour this and put whatever you want in it and voila you have a brand new colored - soemthing.  I dyed my yoga bag and it was amazing this color is so bright and cheerful you won't regret it.  IT's like BRIGHT BRIGHT yellow"
I've been using RIT for years to maintain my favorite clothes looking new.  Adding a cup of salt to the hot bath helps the color take better.
"i dyed some white onesies for my baby. once they went black, you know the rest. RIT is the best."
Worked well but the price fluctuates too much.  Some days it is $2.75 as an add on and others like today it is almost $9.00
"I needed a bright turquoise color and this died white fabric a periwinkle/baby blue color. Love Rit products, but this fell a bit flat"
This product works great! Exactly as advertised. Couldn't be happier. I would highly recommend this product to anyone interested in it.
"If you are looking to dye a really light material black, it is going to be tough. I have experimented with a few black dyes and none of them work great with light fabrics. If you are redying something black, this will work great! I knew this going in so I still give it 4 stars because dark black is nearly impossible to get with DIY at home dyes. Most colors are a dark grey when finished."
"I am a Rit Dye Enthusiast! I use it to add exciting clors to all of my plain white clothes. Works great on cotton, cotton blends, viscose and rayon. Not very well on 100% synthetics. I was very happy how my formely white jean jacket turned out. It is NOT a traditional Khaki but more of a golden color. I love it. I think it is absolutely beautiful!"
"tried to dye some red slip covers wine with the wine rit dye and they didn't change the color at all.  did in washing machine. used hot water and even added boiling water from stove to make sure it was hot enough.  the slipcovers didn't change color,  ended up with no change.  waste of money and time"
Saw other reviews that the stuff turned fabric purple instead of black.. But figured I'd give it a shot.  Other reviewers were right.. Now I have a pair of purple (previously white) shoes...
"I purchased chairs from IKEA and they only come with white covers. You can buy any other color (not from ikea) but they are super expensive, more than the complete chair at IKEA! I think white is boring , so I tried to dye the white ones.
I did it in my kitchen sink and both covers (about 2.5lbs cotton) became the exact same color than it appears in the bottle. Took me 30 min. Afterwards I washed them in the washing machine for 30 min (cold) and let them dry in my garden. They look amazing, like designer chairs!!"
"I have always used RitDye with mixed results. I have always had issues with Rit fading but thought it was still the Bert choice. I recently tried another brand, Dylon, and found that it had much better results and almost no fading."
I purchased Kelly Green Liquid Dye but my white plastic part came out pure aqua blue.  The solution looked blue but I too a chance thinking the final color would be close to the green on the bottle.  Disappointing since the other colors I've used have been very satisfactory.
"I have dyed so many cotton rugs, either a different color, or just to brighten up the ones I have.  Rit is dependable in that it saturates all of the cloth consistently.  The colors are vibrant and I will bot buy another dye other than the liquid by Rit."
"My granddaughter wanted pink curtains for her room we redecorated.  I dyed some cream colored curtains and a white bed skirt.  I didn't want to run the dye through my washer, so I dyed them in a huge plastic tub and followed the directions.  They turned out perfect.............even color.  The Rit dyes are not that easy to find anymore, so it was much easier to just order them from Amazon."
"Dyed a couple of t-shirts from an event. I liked the shirt design, but the color was an awful beige. This dye made my shirt wearable! My husband's shirt didn't dye as uniformly as mine. My shirt had been washed before I tried to dye it, his hadn't. I definitely recommend pre-washing any new clothes you're trying to dye."
"This is a great price, but the black wasn't quite dark enough for dying a white sweater.  It gave my white sweater a greyish-purple hue, so I ended up ordering another brand of fabric dye from Amazon (comparably priced) that did the trick beautifully!!"
It is of good quality just not the exact color I was looking for.  Other than that Rit is always a good brand of dye to go with.
"I received this the other day and this AM, I dyed three pair of denim pants (jeans) in the laundry tub. Hot water and wet pants were put together in the tub, mixed constantly for an hour, then drained, drip dry, then in the washer for a quick cold water rinse and they turned out really nice! Nicer than I expected them to, which is always a good thing! Whenever I read about people having issues with the dye process, they were always using the washing machine method, so I opted for the laundry tub and it was easy!!"
I dyed a few garments and they turned out a really dark purple.  I would not suggest this if you're looking for black.
"I was using it to color a white shirt, it came out to a pinkish tan color. Not like the color on the bottle"
"This color dye is VIVID and BRIGHT. I used it to redye a Crochet Bikini that was already Aquamarine, although had faded really badly over the years. It now looks like brand new again....WHOO HOO!"
"Pleased with my purchase.  Arrived as expected.  I used this color with dark brown to color mohair (after the brown took) and it colored beautifully, giving a tangerine tint, like chestnut."
This is hard to find for me and I love the way the liquid works vs. the powder version.  It's a very easy way to spruce up your faded black clothing.
"I needed it to dye my white shorts a nice golden yellow and it did the trick!
best thing is that when i washed my short the color didn't fade or run and dye other clother yellow"
"I don't understand the negative reviews.

Works fine and better than expected.... just followed directions.

I would use again as needed."
This dye did not change my pants one iota. They were of varying fabrics so it wasn't just one pair that the dye did not set.
This dye is Rit dye. If you have used it before you know it works really well if you just follow the instructions. It is easy to clean up with rubbing alcohol and has no fumes or smell. It's easy to use and I would recommend. Of course only dye recommended fabrics.
"I bought this and the denim blue to make a color I wanted my ikea chair covers to be.  They are made with 100% cotton and were white.  I wanted a darker tealish dusty blue... and that is what I got.  I do wish that I had bought two bottles of Teal.  The color came out great and surprisingly even.  After I read the bottle I realized that for the washing machine technique to come out deep and dark, you need one bottle for event 2 pounds of clothing.  If you want the lighter brighter version of the color, you are good with one bottle.  The chair covers were probably a bit over a pound each and there were 4.  I used one whole teal bottle and 3/4 of a denim blue.  They are nice but I do wish they were slightly darker... but this is my fault and not the product.  I plan on buying more.  It was soooo easy and you would NEVER know the chairs used to be white."
"This worked for what it was intended.  By the time you get done with dyeing your clothes, you will probably think you should've just bought new clothes."
I have been re-blacking my clothes for years and this dye is my favorite by far. I buy 10 bottles or so at a time on Amazon bc no one else carries multiple bottles consistently locally. LOVE this! Use with the hottest water your clothes can take and add 3/4 cup of salt to increase the durability.
"I have a really great fitting pair of black jeans that I wear about 3x per week. After 6 months of owning them, they've certainly taken a beating by being washed constantly and the black was finally too faded for me, so I decided this would be the first time I've ever dyed my clothes since I love my jeans so much!

There are a lot of negative comments about this product, so I was hesitant to order. However, upon going to Rit's website, they give a ton of good information on how to properly dye your clothing! The method they recommend for black and other dark colors is the Stovetop method, which I used - just make sure you follow every step (ie. wet your article to be dyed before you submerge it, continuously agitate article for 30 minutes while simmering)! You can go their website and it is listed under ""Dyeing Techniques"". I followed their instructions to use 1 bottle per pound of fabric (my jeans were 13oz), but did it in two gallons of water instead of three. I also added the recommended 1 cup of salt to the water a few minutes after my jeans were submerged.

After washing and drying them post-dye, I am very happy with the results! They are back to their beautiful, deep black color and I don't have any missed spots.

The only thing I cannot comment on yet is longevity of the dye since I just did it and the jeans have yet to go through the wash again. I will update my comments should the dye not hold, but I am hoping it does!"
Purchased to die clothing for my minion costume.  Perfect color...easy to use..it's been months and they are still vibrant after multiple washings
"RIT Dye is arguably my favorite brand of fabric dye I've used, and the liquid is the easiest form to use. The teal is a beautiful color, and 8 oz is quite a bit to have for an assortment of projects and the like. Recommended buy."
Followed the instructions exactly.  Cotton came out a very dark grey/purple.  Not even close to Black.  Would not recommend - unless you want a dark grey/purple!
"I had some faded navy blue items and was doubtful about doing a dye job myself.  Instructions were easy to follow and the items look great.  Also, my washing machine cleaned out nicely, no staining, so that was great."
Make sure you are dying the right material . Also either really dark brown or bungundy if you want to go lighter
"Works well, imparts a beautiful deep color (reading and direction following REQUIRED!)
Add pink to create Radiant Orchid.  Start wearing purple all the time, America!"
Did not do the job ...used it to dye a pair of stuffed bears curtain tie backs it stood in the dye for an hour not the change I expected for fushia .got a faint pink just to the nose of the bears!
"Everything I attempted to dye with this came out plum/eggplant purple.  Tried white towels, very light colored jeans, and darker towels.  Useless if you want to dye something blue."
I used this product as directed and it did not work at all.  It was inexpensive but a waste of money because it didn't work.
"doesn't stain turquoise, only light blue  even if you use 3 bottles. so don't try it . waste.of money money"
"I bought this to change some of my off-white skirts to something vibrant since I could not find a yellow skirt anywhere. I first tried
to bleach them to pure white to no avail. I did not wet my skirts first as that tends to de-intensify color. I was so impressed with the result that I have done this twice now. I tried it on leather and it was much more mellow. On some polyester it leaves a mere tint.
Fabrics that contain cotton work the best, and silk works well. Polyesters differ from each other so they are unpredictable."
"I used the good ole boiled water method to dye a couple of hats, one cotton, the other canvas.  Look around online and you will find plenty of demonstrations using Rit dye on different materials.  Mine came out a little darker than expected, but I suppose that is because I left it in the water a while longer than I originally intended to.  In fact, I remember someone mentioned that the Brown dye looked Purple, and I believe them.  My hat is such a dark deep brown that in dim light it appears to have a purple tint to it.. but it is clearly brown in the sun.  Is should fade and wear over time being that I use it for hiking, so I am satisfied.  One bottle seems to go a long way!!  Good dye.."
i'd be happy to purchase more products.  this was high quality and it fully met my expectations.  i highly recommended it!
"Don't be fooled - this might say black on the bottle, but it comes out a purplish-grey color. Apparently it's a well-known problem with this dye."
Waste of money. Doesn't even die although I followed all the instructions! And my flow remained in its natural color. Don't even buy it!
"I recieved the dye as planned and ordered. It was on time and small enough to fit in my mail box. A+ guys, thanks.."
I dyed some jeans with this in the washing machine on the hottest setting and it worked great. Very little staining to the washer and the jeans came out better than new.  I'll be using this product again in the future.
"This dye covers wonderfully and does the job it's intended for, my only issue is that it comes out a much deeper red than I anticipated."
"I used the purple with a bit of blue and got vibrant purple curtains in the color I hoped to- goes with my new purple furniture.
Very easy to use, but check the instructions online to be sure!"
"Worked great. I had some light tan socks that I wanted brown. Mixed this stuff with some hot water in the sink....voila, brown socks. What more is there to say"
"I used this to dye some material myself for custom colors that I couldn't find.

The directions are easy to follow and there is also a ton of information on mixing colors and how to achieve the look you want on the company's website.

I love Rit dye's the best because the colors always come out the way I expect, the price is reasonable and the work on all different types of fabric.

Follow the directions and do some research online - you'll be amazed at what you can do at home!"
"The instructions are a bit vage so it was kind of difficult to understand and dye the fabric properly, the color was also okay."
"I ordered this because I mistakenly sprayed my new $80 sheets with bleach. The bottle looked so much like Febreze that I just picked it up and started spraying. These sheets were not the color I wanted anyway. Close, but not exact. So, I took the spotted sheets and bleached them totally to get all of the color out, and then dyed them with this, some vinegar, and some sea salt. They turned out great, but I think I want them a little darker, so I'm going to dye them dark brown. They needed to be re-dyed anyway because I forgot to dye the pillowcases. DOH!"
Should have listened to other reviews. Didn't dye the blouse black and was messy to use. Had to rinse off the dye too many times so we ended up throwing out the blouse.
got this for my daughter to dye a white shirt to be a minion on Halloween-great in color and was exactly what she needed.she was bright and easily seen-would recommend this to anyone needing to dye anything yellow.
Love the dye. Wish the instructions that are on the bottle had been on the product listing. lol I would not have bought the soda ash. For future buyers you need salt or maybe vinegar for this item. Soda ash not required!
"Dyed my daughters white dress a bright fuchsia, it directions were simple and the results were great!  I highly recommend it"
I needed to match a nude colored fabric. Dropped it in the dye and voila....perfect color! It showed up on time.
This is the first time I have used dye.  I had purchased a drop cloth to use as a tablecloth.  It was very easy to use.  I just  added the dye and the cloth to a sink full of hot water.  I let it sit for an hour stirring occasionally .  Then I rinsed in cold. Made a nice tablecloth.
Dyed a grey jumper to brown and it turned out well by following directions on bottle. Overall a good product.
"I used this to dye a bunch of jeans that were way too light They were great when I was younger, but as I age, the really light jean color just seems to be a bit much.

They all still fit fine, are in great condition, so I didn't want to donate them, and get new jeans, I thought I'd try dying them. the color isn't nice and dark blue, but it's much darker than they were, and if I did it again, I'm sure they would get even darker."
"This dye works well, and the liquid is better, I think, than the powder.  The directions say use salt to hold the color, but I've found that salt doesn't work well enough.  A better fixative, like alum or tannic acid (or urine... true) will make the color hold better."
This is the only brand of Dye I trust and it has never let me down. It works so well and doesn't stain other clothes when its washed.
HAVE BOUGHT IT DYE FOR YEARS AND GETTING THEM SENT VIA AMAZON PRIME WAS AN EXTRA BONUS. YES I WOULD RECOMMEND
HAVE BOUGHT IT DYE FOR YEARS AND GETTING THEM SENT VIA AMAZON PRIME WAS AN EXTRA BONUS. YES I WOULD RECOMMEND
"It's a good product but I don't like what it does to the environment. I like the fact that it's pre-mixed though, as that saves part of the mess of dying things."
"Used this color to mix with a royal blue (making periwinkle), and it was just right.  Gave me the perfect color overall."
GOOD OLD RELIABLE OLD FAITHFUL AND ALWAYS WORKS WELL.  IF YOU NEED TO DYE SOMETHING TRY THIS.  I FINALLY DYED IN MY WASHER AND IT WAS EASY TO CLEAN UP AFTER.
"Great to be able to wear a favorite pair jeans again.  They look great.  Color came out great, just like new."
"Works well and is very convenient, just put in the washing machine with your clothes on a sanitize cycle.  Used it to cover stains on jeans."
"I guess I'll never understand how you can make clothing dye that actually doesn't dye clothing.  I mean, you'd think if it was white it would come out blue right??  Not so fast...not with this product.  And the amazing part to me is, there's really very little options out there for fabric dye!  Oh well, tried it once....won't be trying it again!!  Good luck Rit....I'll try ink next time, guaranteed it would work better!  lol"
"Using Rit is like trying to dye with dirty water.  If you are serious about dying clothing, do your research."
I had a ton of old lace curtains from Ikea.  I couldn't get them white (they were a dingy grey color) so I figured trying to dye them wouldn't be a loss.  I used a HE front loader and filled it up only slighty (so I could open the door) then added the wet curtains and the dye.  At the suggestion of my grandmother I added an old kitchen rag as well.  The rag came out bright red and the curtains came out the exact color on the bottle.  No streaks at all.
It served it's purpose. You have to have the right amount of water to get desired color. Works better with hot water
"It dyes rather blandly, you would have to use a lot to make a white garment into a dark brown one."
"We did not get this color on the fabric, although it was much better than the Dark Brown dye we bought with it."
"Tried using this to dye a bleached part of my khaki jeans but didn't work as well. There is no easy way for me to dye only the bleached section. Requires boiling water and salt, depending on fabric dyed."
Easy to use.  Mixes evenly in the water and colored very well with just 1/4 bottle.  Thank you very much
My clothes look new again! Make sure you use hot water (my first trial was not very successful). Beautiful blue color - worked well on jeans and polo.
"This dye does not come out Dark Brown- it comes out Aubergine/Eggplant Purple!!! When I poured the liquid dye into the hot water, i thought to myself, ""Hmmm, that looks more Dark Purple than Brown. I guess it will turn Brown the when I dry the material out."" Nope: the coat I dyed turned out a dark Purple, the same color as the dye looks in the bottle (shocker). If you want this color, great. But don't go looking for a nice dark brown, because the label is entirely deceiving :-("
"I followed the directions pretty carefully, and was able to dye a white cotton robe purple in about an hour total.  Most of that time was spent washing the washing machine with bleach added, to make sure my next laundry load would not become lilac."
It's not really the color on the bottle and there were certain spot that were darker than others. But it's okay
"Used these for dying my red shoes back to red again; they were red again for awhile, but didn't hold their color for as long as they did when I first bought the shoes."
"This works, with ONE caveat: You *absolutely* need to do the soda ash soak! Otherwise this will wash right out, leaving a dusty, grey sad blue behind.

Wash your shirt with NO fabric softener. If you dry it (dyeing is another day?), NO dryer sheet!

Rubber band it however you plan to do so.

Mix your soda ash (you buy that separately) according to pkg directions.

Put on gloves.

Dunk your shirt into the soda ash water, and make sure it gets all the way soaked.

Squeeze it out as much as possible.

Squirt or dunk the shirt with dye. Get into the crevices, but don't make shirt drippy with dye.

Wrap shirt in plastic wrap. Refrigerate overnight.

Remove wrap. Un-band. RINSE THOROUGHLY in cool water.

Run through washing machine (no detergent) immediately on cold. Dry as usual."
"This works, with ONE caveat: You *absolutely* need to do the soda ash soak! Otherwise this will wash right out, leaving a sad, sorry yellow behind.

Wash your shirt with NO fabric softener. If you dry it (dyeing is another day?), NO dryer sheet!

Rubber band it however you plan to do so.

Mix your soda ash (you buy that separately) according to pkg directions.

Put on gloves.

Dunk your shirt into the soda ash water, and make sure it gets all the way soaked.

Squeeze it out as much as possible.

Squirt or dunk the shirt with dye. Get into the crevices, but don't make shirt drippy with dye.

Wrap shirt in plastic wrap. Refrigerate overnight.

Remove wrap. Un-band. RINSE THOROUGHLY in cool water.

Run through washing machine (no detergent) immediately on cold. Dry as usual."
"I'm sure it may depend on what you are dying, but I found on cotton that was already a dark aqua that the resulting color was barely dark enough to qualify as Teal. And yes, I followed the directions, and yes, I have dyed fabric before."
"I am satisfied with my purchase! I was afraid how it will look. My white jeans now are bright yellow, very nice color. Thanks!"
"I loved it! the color in the end, when the jacket is dry, is beautiful. It's nice blue, looks like new. the process was a little bit of a pain in the a--. But you just have to prepare for that. I set papers on the floor, rags, plastic shopping bags, whatever I could find. I did it in the kitchen, right next to the stainless steal sink there. So, it was easy to dump this dark blue water when it was done. Kuz the cleanliness is one of the utmost important things in this whole process. If you mess it up, the floor will be blue, the kitchen cabinet will be blue. You have to stir very carefully too! So, all in all, you have to implement a lot of care and caution when you dye. But it's worth it. I salvaged an expensive Levi's jeans jacket that I bout 20 years ago, it looks like I bought it yesterday! It's awesome, what can I say. That Rit dye really worked."
Impressive result. The old cloths got a new life. It turns anew in teal green. Recommend to everyone that wish to wear and feel the fresh new look from the worn out cotton white cloths. Good Luck all. :-)
I like this purchase it is as described and it came on time and i am very satisfied.and very pleased with my purchase.
"I picked up 2 bottles to dye some natural colored cotton, string shopping bags...
They looked pretty damn dark, and kinda ugly... while still wet & I thought, this may have been a mistake!

It was NOT, after washing them and letting them air dry.... they are an amazing color... love the way they
turned out!"
i use rit dye to get new life out of my clothing- it works for me - thank you guys
I use this product a lot. Everything was as expected. It's a little pricy though. No other problems with the dye.
"Easy to use, and made the items Dark Green! Exactly what I needed and so very very easy to use!"
"I used FOUR bottles of this stuff and followed the directions to a T trying to dye white footey pajamas orange. The best I got was a pale pink. I didn't even get to do the extra wash on the garment, the dye just never took--I can only imagine almost all the dye would have been lost if I had. Overall not impressed with the stuff!"
"My clothes did not turn as black as expected. I don't think one bottle is enough dye for one pound of clothing, I will try two bottles next time."
"I bought this to dye my son's halloween costume pink. I followed the directions, but by the time I had rinsed the costume out and run it through a wash, it was nearly back to white. I've had great experiences with Rit in the past, but this bottle (the pink) didn't hold up for me."
Rit Dye is very easy to use in the washer. The petal pink color is a very pretty light pink.
This color looks great on wet - but once dried it was basically non existent.  I've used rit on other fabrics and it was fine - however canvas doesn't hold this color (and it did with the other brand).
"Bought ONE Bottle .. GREAT Color Saturation . I used OLD LARGE Pasta Pot for my  Dyeing...I am Ex Fashion Designer so I KNOW about Dyeing n Color Retention..WET  Article FIRST ..I ALSO HEATED up water (started with HOT TAP).. ADD Salt, I only Dyed 1 pair of BLACK Pants . (they faded). Dip in article/fabric slowly ,make sure ALL air Bubbles GONE .and EVERYTHING is Submerged,Use OLD Wooden Spoon to Turn article dyeing(pretend your making soup ).for about  5 minutes I keep  burner on  low ..turned article on  n  off .. I had time so  I did  this  @ nite I left  to sit overnite .This gives BEST Color Absorption and  rich  BLACK I wanted. In Morning  I CAREFULLY drained in  sink (Stainless )..Used CLOD TAP (rubber gloves) to RINSE Pants..Wrung Dry and THEN  WASHED  NO Soap in WASHER under COLD.. they look like new"
This is the way to go for dying.  I used it to cover some unfortunate bleach mistakes with great success.
I purchased some beige overalls for a wreck-it-ralph costume. It's close to Halloween so definitely took a chance here. Being OCD about details I just had to try to dye to match the real color of the overalls. I have a giant grey bit that I used to pour hot water and I boiled a pot and threw it in there. I then poured the 1 cup of salt and the Rit dye. I then through my already hot soaked overalls in there and for an hour I was flipping them around poking it around with a metal rod stirring my steaming brew. I was grabbing the edges of the bin and rocking it back and forth. When my alarm went off that the hour passed i dropped the contents into my sink that was already running hot water so it swooshed down the drain without giving it the opportunity settle and stain. after that a little bit of soap and a wash and dry in the washer and dryer and they came out absolutely perfect. My GF tells me that they look like I purchased them that way. There's not a single spot of beige and all the metallic parts and stitching retained their original color so it's not just one big blob of brown. Perfect I seriously want to start dyeing other items.
"tried something, it didn't work. no flaw with the dye, just a failed home project experiment. no guess as to results of normal suggested use."
"Bought for the purpose of dying silk. After 3 attempts, the silk never dyed to the desired color. Wouldn't recommend it for silk."
"Bought this to stain a nude dress. Used a helpful tutorial on the RIT website to make it ombre!
The dark parts of my dress came out as the same color on the bottle once dried, although appeared bluer while wet."
"This really dyed the materials to a deep green...if I made an error I probably should have chosen Kelly, which seems to be a few shades lighter, but I am very happy with the result."
hate it. not the color it was supposed to be. disappointing because I really wanted the teal to show and it wouldn't
"Perfect color, followed the directions on the bottle for dying in the washing machine. The item came out great with little or no effort on my part."
"It is a great color and works well on cotton, have used Rit for many years, gets better and better."
I didn't even need half of the bottle. I used this to dye my pointe shoes black. It's a very messy process but it works. I was only able to wear the black pointe shoes twice after dying them because they made my shoes soft. Next time I will just use a sharpie.
"Worked the way I anticipated, saved my pants from ruin.  Follow the directions and you will  do fine. Thank  you"
This dye is horrible it messes up the fabric. and it is hard to use. i don't recommend this at all.
"Just be careful to wash separately at least the first 2 washes! Color WILL RUN and stain other clothing.  Otherwise, love it! I love the liquid rather than the powder format, color is great.  I always dye stove-top."
I was disappointed that5 it turned purple when it dried. I was so hoping for a black whis is the color I ordered
"It was real easy to use once you watch a couple youtube videos on tis product. Just remember to use these products also with Rit dye, a big pot or plastic bowl, spoon for stirring, white vinegar, salt, rubber gloves and sponge."
"I've been using rit dye for years. It's quality, much much better than other brands! And this color is beautiful!!!!"
Had Office sweater that I wanted to dye black black after two attempts the closest we got was a medium charcoal grey. Its not bad but having a black sweater would go with a lot more clothes in case I need to put it on to stay warm. It's not very cheap to do this but at least it's something.
I bought these to dye some shirts and shorts that I have and to tell you the truth I have some mixed feelings about this. It dyes well but once it is rinsed out and hung to dry anything that makes the clothes wet due to spills or what have you the dye is still coming out of the clothes and I don't like that. If anybody has any tips or ideas on how to stop that I would appreciate it.
I bought these to dye some shirts and shorts that I have and to tell you the truth I have some mixed feelings about this. It dyes well but once it is rinsed out and hung to dry anything that makes the clothes wet due to spills or what have you the dye is still coming out of the clothes and I don't like that. If anybody has any tips or ideas on how to stop that I would appreciate it.
I dyed a pair of shorts. They came out fabulously. I have plenty of dye left over too! I plan on trying out new and different colors in the future.
"If you follow the instructions closely, you won't have any trouble with the color like others here say.  I dyed a cotton housecoat that I spilled bleach on and it came out great.  Use a container like a bucket only somewhat larger than the item for complete saturation.  Stir regularly as the directions indicate and it will come out fine."
"I like it very much.  I had some favorite pants that I wanted to make them look like new.  It worked and so I don't have
to buy new ones.

Thanks"
"As another reviewer stated -  RIT dye is great for when you want a specific color.  I got a Great new scrub jacket for work with Roses on it that I fell in love with but couldn't find scrubs in the right shade, size AND style.  So I purchased a set in white....Now after just a little time in a dye bath in my washing machine, they are the perfect shade of mix and match pink.

I have also used another pink dye to perk up an old grey sweat jacket that I love to wear but hated the color.  The dye picked up in the white areas, but not the grey so it is now grey and pink.  I added colorful shoe laces to replace the neck and waist ties and now I have a cute new jacket that I love for beach days and hiking days.

I also had a white embroidered skirt that i just didn't like white.  Using the RIT washing machine method it is now a soft flowing purple skirt.  As a bonus, the white embroidery stayed white - it looks great in contrast!!

I also use the machine method every spring or so to perk up my winter blacks.  (but don't do socks....I learned the hard way and the dye bled into my sweaty feet...oops!!!)  It tends to help anchor all my blacks into the same shade range and also darkens them a bit.

I love the machine method.  It is extremely simple works well if you follow the direction.  The items do not seem to fade even after multiple washings....but if they start to , I know I could just wash them in another dye bath!!

RIT also has a great website showing directions for different methods including front load washers and has a great color mixing guide.  Also a guide for which fabrics will take the dye well and which won't  Highly recommend going to website as bottle directions are limited and tiny!!

If you want to try but aren't sure, just experiment on an old t-shirt/sweat shirt/handkerchief/towel first"
"I used this to dye golf balls. It worked, but not completely. The dye turned the golf balls a light grey color, even after several applications. This is likely a fault of the golf balls and not the dye itself, as the dye I spilled on my white towel stained dark black almost immediately."
This product works but it would be easier just to go buy a new item in the color you want. Only reason to use this is the desired product doesn't exist in the color required.
"Color will probably depend on the viewer (as well as dye application), but I soaked 2-3 lbs of cotton fabric for an hour in the dye + hot water + some salt, then ran it through the washing machine.  Color was a nice light turquoise.  Pleased with ease of use and uniform color."
"With this small bottle and 5 minutes in the sink, I turned a white cotton dress, that I never wore-BECAUSE it was white- into an aqua dream. The dress was a great summer style, a heavier almost brocade patter-jacquard I think they call it, cotton sheath with cut out shoulders, and cost me $7 at Filene's on the reduced rack. For under $15, I have the prettiest shade of aqua summer dress that looks like it came from a high end store. An NO ONE has this color! Love it!  Dye took quick in hot water, rinsed it out under cold in about 5 minutes-so 10 minutes total and then dried it on 'air' setting...will wash in cold water but I don't see it turning back to white anytime soon! P. S.Aqua looks GREAT on blondes and redheads, sorry brunettes!!"
I loved this product. I had a soft knit top that felt good but always look dirty because it was off-white.  Now I have the perfect pink top.
Disappointed.....I dyed a white top twice with one full bottle of the black dye (and very little water) but the item is a weird dark purple. I would NOT use this product again. Too bad.
"When you're thinking about dyeing something always go for the liquid version of Rit.  I've used the powder and no matter how much time you give it to dissolve in hot water, you get dark deposits on your fabric that you can't get out.  The liquid gives a perfect even finish every time."
"I used RIT DYE to restore a severely faded (to light gray) armrest in my son's 2008 Toyota Yaris!

I used it with the Tsukineko Smudgee Applicator...great combo!
No after rub-off...no smear...did not have to pat dry...nothing. Overnight it cured perfectly!"
"Whenever possible I buy the liquid version - value, definitely, but also ease of use. No risk of one pigment particle causing a flow in the garment. And when trying to dye black items you need double the amount (plus depending on what your base color is, the additional of another pigment - but for that go to the RIT website). I dye clothing articles twice a year - either updating something for my wardrobe - or making a thrift item better suit my needs."
"it did what it said it would. I would have liked  a little darker, but it was ok. just barely"
"If you are looking to refresh a pair of faded denim this is a OK start.

However, be aware that unless you really saturate the product with significantly more due then what is suggested, you end up with a jeans dyed the color of those stretch-waist Mom jeans from discount retailers.  You know the kind - that shade of blue that your mom will say is ""pretty"" and ""flattering"" and she wears it with printed whimsical turtlenecks and sensible shoes. I think the color is sometimes called Cornflower Blue. Yuck.

I used this product to refresh a pair of LEVIS that had been washed one too many times. I used three bottles and a box of black RIT to get a really dark shade. I let the pants soak for well over an hour. The end result is not great because the white warp-fibres of the denim are now dyed dark.

Other than that, what can I say other than it's RIT dye? Most people who order this product will now the pro's and con's of RIT, and how it will make a mess everywhere."
"Rit dye has always been a household name, that is why when I needed dye for a bleach stained shirt, I purchased Rit.
The liquid dye was perfect for what I needed.  Would purchase again."
"Easy to use, even gave me a pretty solid dye on a poly and cotton blend fabric. fun to use"
"I have used rit dye for many years. Never have I seen it sell for prices like this. Other thing is don't wash this garment with other clothes. They all turn the color of the dyed item. Rit is good, price is outragous."
What does one say about Rit Dye? It has been on the market since my mother was young and I am 65. It does the job or it would have disappeared eons ago.
"This does not produce the dark beautiful navy color as shown on the bottle. When I dyed my garments, it looked exactly like the color I wanted when it was taken right out of the dye bath. I was happy that it worked so well but not when the fabric was dryed. The color changed to a dark purple to my dismay! I am thinking about dying it a second time to produce the results I want but its such a messy and time consuming process. :-( But I think I will have to go for it. Also with the costs of buying additional bottles of the dye, I do not know if its going to be worth it at the end. Hope this review helps those who are looking for a dye to produce dark navy color!"
"I had never used liquid dye before. Works great. Just remember when you add you items, they need to be wet. I ran mine thru the rinse cycle on the washer.
This dye did not leave ANY residue in my washer."
"I used the whole bottle to dye a hat that had faded in some very noticeable spots. I kept finding contradicting/different instructions on how to dye it, so I just went with a mix of the versions. It worked moderately well on my hat, though the faded parts were still visible. Unfortunately, I think I would've had to spot-dye it (is that even a thing?), since it seems like it made the black areas blacker and the faded areas slightly darker. I'm giving it 4 stars because I feel that it would've worked better if I had a better idea of what to do."
Rit dye is a reliable dye. This black freshens up color faded colours in the washing machine without any fuss.
"True to color, easy to use. Just be sure whatever method you uses contains sufficient agitation so fabric is evenly dyed."
"I needed to dye a lamp shade and couldn't find the colour I wanted, found it on Amazon, received it, used it and got outstanding results, thanks"
When I opened the bottle about 1/3 of the bottle was caked up on the sides.  Apparently it was old product.
"I used this dye according to the mixing recipes on the Rit website, mixed with Kelly green.  The dress didn't come out anywhere near the right color.  I'm pretty convinced at this point that the only safe color to dye clothing is black."
"I've tried four times using different suggested methods and every single onesie I've dyed has come out with uneven coverage.  Makes it look like I had a bleach accident in the wash.  Very frustrating.  I had hoped to get some more mileage out of plain white onesies, but this just isn't getting it done.  That's too bad since the color is really very nice."
"I've been using this dye for many years and it does the job for specific projects. I've found it's important to follow a few key rules before choosing to use black RIT dye.
- First of all, the black color will not hold up well to washing. This is why I only dye clothing that isn't washed too frequently anyway, like jackets. If you do wash, definitely wash the dyed garment with other black clothes in cold water. Plan on re-dyeing afterwards if you want to maintain a rich black color.
- You will get the best results with 100% cotton or cotton/spandex blend clothing that is already a fairly dark color. For instance, a dark blue jean jacket. Dyeing anything light colored will most likely result in a purple tinged washed out black color.
- Forget about the instructions. I dye my item in a bucket, sink, or washing machine using *just enough* water to cover the garment. I also use two bottles of dye instead of just one. I add about a cup of salt depending on how big the garment is.
- Submerge the garment in the hottest water the item will tolerate plus the dye and agitate for about 10 minutes to start.
- Let the garment soak in the dye FOR AS LONG AS POSSIBLE. At least 8 hours for best results, and agitate when you have the chance.
- Rinse the dyed garment with cold water."
"This stuff worked.  I made three separate batches, for three different garments.  I didn't have much to lose, because the things I was dying were ugly colors that I would not wear.  I would consider two of the three an improvement, so I was very satisfied."
"My son needed this to dye his socks because he can only wear white, black, and bumble gold to school with his shorts and they came out perfect. I ordered this around 7pm the night before and had it by 8am the next morning did not have to do overnight shipping,"
"I dyed a baby carrier with this and it came out just the color I wanted, a perfect hot pink!  My only complaint is it seemed to take several rinses in the washer to get all the dye out, but I'm guessing that is the way most red based dyes are.  I would buy again."
This color is amazing!  I get compliments on the vibrancy of it all the time.  And the dye process was very easy despite never having had done it before (I did it in my HE top loader).
"Don't listen to the shills. Expect this crap to more effectively make a mess than dye clothes. Save your money, save your time, and save yourself work cleaning the sink."
"Got black jeans??? This is a MUST-HAVE for keepin' them just like new! I use it in washing machine with no problems. Hot water is a must just to really ""dig it in"". Love! Thanx!"
I used this to dye both nylon and cotton.  Works well on both.  I would recommend purchase of this product.
Used this to make some tie dye shirts.  It worked great and did not excessively bleed.  Recommend this for a anyone.
"I haven't had the time to try dying my sock black as of this time, I have 24 pair of White socks so I decided to dye some Black."
"I followed the instructions, including how to clean my washer afterward. However my two shirts came out purple and there were blotches on some of the next load of clothes, that came out after another wash. I don't know what I did wrong, but I'm not going to take the chance of ruining any more clothes. I might have overlooked it, if it had least been a pretty shade of purple..."
"There are not alot of fabric dyes on the market. Rit's tan dye is not dark enough, it's more of a beige than tan. Basically my item is the same color. What a waste of $ and time"
"I have used Rit liquid dyes for a long time.  The color you get is going to vary widely depending on the fabric you are dyeing.  Often the material will hold the dye but the stitching won't.  You MAY get more reliable results by bleaching the item first (even whites!) to get rid of any coloring or treatment.  But this is still a guess.  The black dye will come out anything from charcoal to gray to a sort of blueish purple tint.  Other dark colors get the same odd results.  I personally don't care because I'm dying old white and gray T-shirts that I wear around the house, so whatever color I end up with is an improvement. Every once in a while I get a color (always different from the stated dye color) that I really like, but then of course it's impossible to duplicate.  But I would NOT recommend using this dye on anything you care about."
This dye worked wonderful I had pair of old pants and this product bought them back to life. Great purchase
"I love this rich beautiful color, I used it for a sun bleached teal futon cover.  Came out beautifully.  Easier to find here than at craft stores"
"I followed the instructions but was not happy with the result.  For me, I will just buy in the colors I want."
"although it  took a long time to be shipped, i am very satisfied with the product. i love it. i can change anything into denim looking apparel. I was able to give a second life to my wash out denim sneakers. thanks RIT"
"I'll recommend this product to anyone, My advise to those buying expensive gear is ""Stop showing off"" an grow up. No one cares what you use and how much you spent on it...the bottom line is quality!"
I have never tried to dye faded jeans especially the ones that you just can not throw away because they fit so well.  This product brought back most of the original color.  I would use it again the next time I have this need.
"Great Dye for re finishing gun stocks before applying a wood stain, it will turn light colored wood dark before the stain (after taking off the previous stain), use fine 0000 steel wool after to clean up salt deposits, but besides that it works just how I expected"
I used this just like the bottom said and the cloths I dyed all now have a purple tint inside and out.
"I used this to dye some jeans that were old and faded. The process was easy and the dye took well. I found the blue color obtained to be a little to light and bright. I would definitely use Rit dye again, just not in denim blue on my jeans."
"Well, anyone who has read my scathing review of ""taupe"" can now continue the saga here. I am trying to dye something a very specific shade of beige, for reasons I will not go into. I went with taupe first, based on the sample photo, and it was NOT accurate. Next I went with TAN. I would still say that the sample photo is somewhat misleading, but it was at least closer than the other. I believe that if I mix it with some white it might turn out closer to the right color. At least theres no green tint."
My dress was ruined as it turned a purplish gray  color when I used this dye.  And I went and got another bottle -- the dress then had tie-dye on it!
"Bought this for a white blouse that started to look grungy in color. I treated it i my washing machine and absolutely love how it turned out! I just poured straight from the bottle and if I had to do it again, I would have added more dye. Directions are by the weight and I just randomly guessed on how much dye to use. I think with this color, you could go heavy/heavier with the pouring and still end up with a great color."
"I was not sure if denim dye would work on my very old jeans but I dyed 2 pair and they came out looking almost new.
I recommend this dye."
"the bottle is the best way too go with RIT Dye, its easy and not hard at all to work with. totally worth it to get the bottle instead of the box. RIT is the best for Dye"
this is what you need to buy if you want some real dye. this is 100x better then the box. trust me on this.
"Worked for me - sometimes Rit Dye can be a little tricky and is sometimes a little more expensive than I want to pay - but it works, so if you need it...go with Rit Dye."
Makes old jeans look close to new. Used washing machine so make you clean with a bleach wash before doing more laundry.
"I purchased Rit dye (black) powder and another brand Liquid dye. I followed the instructions for both brands. I dyed a cotton men slack using one box packet of Rit and used the other brand for my other slack. Rit requires 1 cup of salt and the other brand requires 4 TBSP. I used a washing machine hot cycle for 30 mins. The Rit brand came out with deep rich black slack whereas the other brand was kinda grayish and not uniform color.

I'll buy RIT powder again for my future dyeing needs."
"I used white muslin cotton with this dye, I did the process twice trying to get the pictured shade but the color isn't even as pictured.  It does come out as a pretty deep baby blue but I was hoping for more of a soft teal blue which is how it looks to me in the picture.  Like I said not what I expected but still pretty."
o k o k o k o o k o k o k o k o  thanks it worked  just  fine
"I had a black and white shirt and a pale pink shirt that I dyed with this product. I LOVE the color of these shirts now, and wear them all the time. Before, they just sat in the closet. As this is liquid dye, it is REALLY easy to use. Wonderful results, wonderful color. :)"
"To a layman, logic would tell you jet black would be the easiest color to achieve in dyeing fabrics; don't be fooled- its not. At least not with Rit products.

 I attempted today to dye 100% cotton cameo fabric black. First I used Rit powder via washer method- failure; barely tinted. Then I tried 2 of the liquid bottles via sink method and while it did tint it, it is a very far cry from ""Jet Black"" with the cameo very much so visible. On the second bottle I even used 1/2 the water plus the whole bottle just so it would be super concentrated. No dice. After 3 dyeing attempts the cotton is not black, not even close- perhaps at best a ""warm purple grey"". If you're looking for absolute black, don't bother with this product as its a waste of time, energy, and money.

This is not the first time I've been disappointed with the dyeing abilities of Rit products, but it is certainly the last time I will try them."
"I agree with all over reviews...this is a great blue-purple but definitely not navy. Even if you concentrate it and add very little water, you are looking at a purple color.

I don't love it on it's own but it is good to mix with other colors."
"I was hoping for a more ""peacock"" color but this dye is definitely not that. It is pretty true in color to the one on the bottle. I was hoping if I concentrated the dye a bit more, I would have a deeper color. When the items were wet, they looked exactly how I wanted them to look but when they dried, they were so much lighter!

I did order some navy blue dye as well and mixed up a batch that was actually pretty close to what I was looking for. Just a tad of navy (which is really purple, FYI) pretty  much did the trick. I am still looking for a peacock color but this will do in the meantime.

If you are looking for the color that is shown on the bottle...this would be perfect for you."
"I ordered the wine color and it was exactly what I was looking for. The color was almost perfect match from the color on the bottle (add more dye for a deeper color) and definitely a ""wine"" color."
"I used this dye to dye a pair of Black True Religions; it didn't work. I think this is because I did not follow the directions; I did not steep the jeans for the required time (whoops!). Also, rinse the pants after dying them; do NOT put them in the washing machine! I had to run my washer TWICE before all the dye was gone!"
"This ""navy"" color is actually a deep indigo, which looks navy when it's saturated but lightens to purple when it rinses away. My first dye/rinse cycle turned out solid purple, which didn't surprise me because that was the color of the water droplets that splashed out of the sink. A second cycle darkened the color nicely. If I'd done a third it might have approached the color on the bottle, but the process is messy and time-consuming so I just left it.

If you're doing one of the lighter colors, you might have an easier time. For the darker colors I would expect to apply several ""coats."" If you plan to dye expensive garments, I would buy an extra bottle and do a test batch on a cheap t-shirt to make sure it produces the color you want. Make sure you wash and dry the test piece thoroughly to see the final results, because the color that went into the washer with the fixative was not the color that came out of the dryer.

Also, the product is overpriced here. I found these dyes at Jo-Ann Fabrics for $2.99, so I wasn't angry given the price. But I probably would be if I paid the $8 something listed here, plus shipping."
"I guess I would give Rit Black dye 1 star because it did dye my $200 flannel sheet set, the only trouble is they are purple now. I don't like purple. Honestly I'd give the whole experience of dying fabric a negative rating if I could because it was a nightmare. I have dye all on the inside of my washer, tub, floor, dryer and myself. I wasted two days of my life and money on 5 bottles of Rit Black and then more on Tulip dyes to try and fix the disaster. The best I could get is a dark grey color that continuously bleeds. I think at this point I'm just going to burn the sheets so I never have to be reminded of this mistake. If you have never dyed anything before, you will regret it... especially if you start with black and try to do a large project like I did. I have a 1000 sq ft shop with countless tools so I can do things for myself, so when I emphatically state that textile dyeing is best left to one who has access to the right chemicals, equipment, and facilities I hope you take it to heart."
"I bought two bottles of this navy blue fabric dye for a twin sized pink comforter that I have been using for my male puppy to sleep on in his crate. Despite my efforts to give him a blue blanket, it came out purple. I suppose purple is better than pink for my male puppy, but I am upset that I spent time and money for something that doesn't do what it advertises."
Item arrived on time and it was exactly as advertised. I made the one laundry mistake we all dread: I put bleach in with my colors and it ruined some of favorite clothing. Ugh! The dye worked on all but one of my blouses. I would recommend this item and dealer.
"The dye really wasn't that bad, in the sense that it actually dyed the fabric. Unfortunately, the dark brown dye that I bought ended up having a very reddish hue to it, which meant that my fabric is more of a deep maroon than an earthy brown. Directions on the label were followed precisely, as well."
"Our Celebrity Bodyguards used it while protecting A-list Hollywood Famous Celebrities of the World's Rich & Famous. Photos Attached of us protecting our Celebrity Bodyguard clients. Kris, Owner, The Bodyguard Group of Beverly Hills."
"It OK, but price a bit high"
Just what I expected
Did not work but I used it the right way on right clothing
"Im only giving this one star because it did not work at all for me. I needed to dye chefcoats that got naturally bleached by heat in spots. OBviously not the right product for this material, sure it would work fine for normal natural fabrics though"
not at all what was expected.
You an't beat Rit dye to freshen up your fabric or just plain old change the color...
"This is a good, true violet purple. Unfortunately, I used too much fabric so it didn't dye evenly, but the color is still gorgeous."
I used it as indicated on a grey 100% cotton piece of clothing. I washed the item with cold water (no detergent) and all the paint came off. It looks the same as before using this paint. WILL NEVER BUY THIS AGAIN.
