This is a great acrylic paint set for someone starting art class or the new hobbyist.  Gives you all you need and there is a lot of paint in each tube.
"I love these paints...pure and simple.

For the price, they're absolutely unbeatable, in both quality and quantity.  What on earth are you waiting for?  Buy them NOW!"
"The paint is great. I haven't opened every tube yet, but one is totally dried up. That is disappointing."
Nice colours however one color came in solid inside cant get it out. I am ordering a new set to replace it
"Blue came dry, the rest were fine."
Best heavy body paint that I have worked with. I paint canvas and rocks and this brand never ever disappointing.
"I'f you are,a artist this set of paints,are like a huge,box of assorted candy. Pure fun."
great
Tried an true good paints.
These paints are wonderful!
"I have been using these for AGES and let me tell you- they are probably the best paints you can get in basic acrylics (considering price and quality). The variety of colors is phenomenal and they last for a long time. If anything, I suggest buying a larger tube of white paint for mixing. They are not that thick so add a heavy body paste if you are looking for more texture (or buy the more expensive heavy body range). Honestly, if you are looking for good paint, at a good price, and a large variety of colors, BUY THIS."
Brown color was dry and lumpy. Tried to use it in painting a couple of times but cannot get a consistent texture. Not happy with the purchase.
"I haven't gotten to try them out on canvas yet, but looking at a few colors they seem very vibrant and match the color of the label to a point. Unfortunately, It arrived with the lid completely off the box and all the paints were jumbled up. The packaging definitely could have been better. They also arrived very quickly. Overall Im satisfied and cant wait to try them out on my next project."
"These are not heavy body paints.  They are just the very basic paint by liquitex.  They do not hold their shape when you paint with them as stated in the description.  And as if that weren't enough of a reason to return them, there were several tubes that had just a small amount of paint in them.
Back they go!  What a disappointment."
Some of the paint came dry but not fully dry I don't know if I could use them
great colors
perfecto para m.
As described.
I really like the size and colors for a starter pack which is what I bought it for. But I have been disappointed that a few of the paints are quite dry and some of them I found that the pigment in my craft paints that I was replacing these with was better than the pigment in. But in general they have met my expectations.
Really loving it .switched from fluid paints to soft body and it has really helped my paintings . Plus there is such a great variety of colors of your a beginner at mixing
Every single pot of paint was dried up. It is very irritating to a kid when they get a set of paints that is completely dry.
very good
"This is exactly what I was looking for - a basic set of colors of a quality paint company.  What I didn't realize was it included a small set of different-shaped paintbrushes too!  - Bonus!  The order came in just the time they predicted and I have been enjoying this now for several weeks.  The paint is thick and creamy, easy to mix with other colors, covers the canvas about as well as it should.  I'm excited to finish my first painting with them!  (I''m very slow at it and think about it a lot before I move to the next layer.)  Liquitex is a good middle of the road brand, and the shipper was spot on.  I live in a tiny, isolated community and the shipper did a great job.  Thanks :)  Having fun now. And I look kinda cool carrying my brushes and case into my class."
"I like the set! unfortunately, a couple of the tubes are dried out and useless :("
Great set to start exploring different mediums and their uses.  Great price for the product too
Its great product. Will buy it again
Excellent quality - very fast and professional
"I liked the paints my only issue is one of the blue tubes was completely dried up. Oh well, will just have to replace later."
The colors are great and perfect for the basics all but one are perfect. Unfortunately my blue did not have the consistency it's supposed to have. Instead it seemed to look and feel like playdoh instead (pics are provided). Not sure if I would buy from BASICS again.
"They come in small tubes, and I got red, blue, yellow, green, white, and black. The colors mix nicely, but unfortunately the blue paint inside the tube was so thick that it could not break down even with water. I was slightly disappointed that the blue paint wasn't usable, but the other paints were just fine and I enjoyed them a lot."
"Great pigments, easy to use and easy to wash off"
I love this brand of new paint
"This set is perfect for beginner experimenting! Not knowing exactly what any of these would do, I've enjoyed getting into acrylics and figuring out how to use each of these and learning what I enjoy the most. Fantastic way to learn more about making art without spending a lot of money up front before committing to buying larger amounts of any of the mediums. Have fun!"
Bought these for a paint by number and they are great quality paints.
Good paint my kids used it up so fast
Bought this pack just for the ultramarine. It was dried out when I opened it. Thanks 
Great set of paints. My 17 year old daughter is the artist & she loves these.
Some of the paint's are old and clumpy and can not even be used.
"Had to deduct two stars. Went to use the ultramarine Blue today and it was hard as a rock! One of the Browns was also very clumpy, and one of the tubes (cant remember what color) was nearly empty! All of the others (so far) have been great. Ive had them about a week and done several paintings. Mostly just bummed about the ultramarine!"
"beautiful colors , works"
"While the color selection is good, there are a few colors, so far ultramarine blue and burnt umber, that are so thick they are unusable.  Mind, I have probably used half of the colors at this point.  There may be problems with other colors that I have not used yet."
Good but tubes are very small.
"Upon receiving my item I opened it to review the contents inside, upon opening the packaging box I found that the tub in which the paints are stored was broken along with paint inside the container and the tubes of paint open and spilling."
Nice variety of colors. I wish the tubes were bigger in the but they aren't too small like some variety packs. The only fault I can find is one of the tubes was completely hard and I couldn't use it. Havent found anymore like that so hopefully it was the only one.
Everything looked great thanks!!
"Love the number of paint colors that came in this set and the quality of the paint. I have now found a few paints that were clumpy and needed to be mixed after I squeezed them from the tube. Otherwise, awesome paint set"
Had bought this paint for an art project and can only get it partially done due to the crappy blue I was sent after all the reviews I have heard about Liquitex being a trustable paint. If you look in my photos you can see the difference in the blue already before I even tried to add water to see if I could revive to being close to the others. Could I please get a replacement blue or partial refund?
I opened the one I bought one week a ago.  The blue color has already dry. It is hard to squeeze the color out.  Could I GET A REPLACE BLUE ONE?
Meh it dry fast and colors are a little off from the sample on the tubes
Exactly as described
Nice starter kit.
"Only two of the tubes were dried a bit, but a bit of water fixes it just fine. The colors are a pretty close match to the map on the side but some are fairly different. I like it overall."
"All tubes were soft, not like  some of the last set, which I sent back."
Pleasantly surprised at the size of the tubes!
bought as a Christmas present for my husband. he loved it. this is now a favorite for me to buy
"I was extremely excited when this arrived. So far, this set is beautiful and the tubes are bigger than I expected. But one of them, ultramarine blue is dried."
I like getting to test a few mediums for a good price
Liquitex is my favorite acrylic paint. I bought this huge multi pack of smaller paints and buy the bigger ones when one run out. I'm stuck for life. The color is beautiful.
"My problem with this product is not the colours, but with the fact that whenever I paint with it I get bad sinus congestion and headaches.  Apparently I am allergic to this product, Have used other acrylic paints before.  I would like to know what is in it."
"A couple of the paints were dried up completely (like rubber inside of the tube), a couple were really grainy to the point of being unusable unless mixed with a better paint.  Overall, I would not recommend buying this set.  I would find a local art store and buy decent paints there."
Some of the tubes were completely dried up. Others seems like they weren't completely full. I will not buy this again.
paint was dried and unusuable
Great selection and quality paints.
"Good selection, thicker quality paint would be nice"
I love liquitex in general it's affordable and good quality with their supplies. I never used these particular medium for paint but I purchased these and so far they have been super fun to use. I ended up purchasing two of them. they also came quickly so thanks liquitex for making affordable and great quality products. I look forward to the new things to come in the Future.
Great Product
"As a young artist, this helps me out a lot with school projects and personal works. I approve of the nice arrays of colors chosen for this set. The tubes are good enough for small artworks not large canvases, but they're good enough for me."
"When I received my paints, i expected larger tubes but thats fine. Also my blue color is as rather tacky and wouldnt come out the tube, other than that it was excellent. Only bad thing is there wasn't any red!"
Christmas gift
These are going to be great for my mural. Good deal on the paints.
Absolute bargain! Love all the options.
lots of color for a good price
"While the other 5 paints I bought worked perfectly fine, the aquamarine blue was super thick and sticky. I couldn't paint with it at all

EDIT: I was sent another box of paint, however, the same problem happened. Only the blue paint was defective, while the others worked perfectly fine."
Great brand. Great quality!
"Ive ordered two of these so far and will be getting another, this is perfect!!!!"
My daughter loves her paints!!
"Nice to have all the basic colors I need here in one compact box. Smooth, rich colors blend nicely and can be thinned as necessary if desired without loss of color."
Bought this set for my BF for christmas and he loves it. Great collection of colors. Surprised by the plethora of yellows...
Love how big this set was and I use it for all of my paintings. Just wish the paint was a little more opaque but I love how many colors it has for the price.
I was so excited to get this as it had every color I needed according to a paint recipe book I recently got. Unfortunately the third color I used was so dry it came out like unusable clay.  Being that none of the tubes are sealed or need to be poked to open I am not surprised.  I hope I don't find more or Ill just have to go through the hassle of returning it.
Beautiful set with all the colors you need. Would recommend getting their large white tube to mix with.
Its not too dull or chawkey and there is a ton of colors so it works for me.
excellent paint
Exactly what I needed at a great price with fast delivery. What else could you want! Good seller.
"This was purchased as a Christmas present. The paint doesn't stick to the acrylic canvas, it doesn't stick to drawing paper. One of the tubes was completely dried out. Several of the tubes were labeled as different shades of blue, but came out exactly the same shade. My daughter has other tubes of Liquitex acrylic paint that work just fine - but these are either knockoffs or have gone bad. I have used Liquitex brand for painting for decades - these ARE NOT liek what I buy at the art supply store."
"Just like the photo. Beautiful colors, great texture. I bought these 3 years ago and they still work wonderful. Would buy again!"
I loved getting 48 colors of paint all at once! Very nice paint too.
Great deal.
Great deal and the paints are awesome for doing canvas projects. A vast assortment of colors to mix or use as is. Easy to wash out of brushes. You get a great bang for your buck.
"This was bought as a gift and spending so much money,  in 3 weeks we have found 2 tubes dry."
"This paint is not very opaque at all, expect to use at least two coats for most colors"
Love it
"This would be good if you need to try out what mediums you like. There isn't a lot of product, I wouldn't recommend for large pieces or professional artists."
love it
I LOVE this set of paints!  There is a great variety of colors and this paint is super easy to work with.  There is also a nice sheen with these paints that some other acrylic paints lack. I highly recommend Liquitex products.
"<div id=""video-block-R36WOQBSQBC44Y"" class=""a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block""></div><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/C1B%2BEiqVr4S.mp4"" class=""video-url""><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/91OcU%2BmQUjS.png"" class=""video-slate-img-url"">&nbsp;It came on tipe.  I bought the 6 pack starter kit and 5 tues are great however the Ultramarine blue is defective.  It won't cone out of the tube and has already set up into plastic.  I need a replacement tube asap!  Frustrating to say the least.  "
Great starter set
"STRONG PIGMENT, LOVE THE COLORS. A LITTLE GOES A LONG WAY"
I love these. I paint to build my craft and they have such a smooth blend compared to cheaper brands which can get a bit chunky.
Great set for the family.
Perfect for a small craft project. Lots of colors to choose from and easy to close tops to store unused paint. Great and affordable product!
"Amazing color selection. Metallic, basics, every color I can possibly need for painting my 3d printed models without having to be creative and mix colors to get what I need."
Love the colors and the quality of the paint. Probably th bet paint set you could get for fourth bucks
"I bought this as a nice little gift for my husband and I was super disappointed to learn that one of the tubes, ultramarine blue, was dried out and completely unusable. Even adding a bit of water didn't help, the paint was just too old. He likes the paints and doesn't want to return them over just one color, but it's just really disappointing to give someone a slightly defective gift! Maybe buy them from your local craft store if you plan to give them to someone. I used to buy these at Michaels and I never had any defective tubes."
Fantastic concept. works great and easy . Great product...
"This is the second time Ive bought the set, and absolutely love it, can match virtually any color when touching up things. He must have. Especially if you do minor touchups and repairs."
"The tubes are very small,  and the Ultramarine Blue was completely dried up. I am using them on illustration board, and finding it impossible to get a flat color that doesn't have streaks. After painting an area 4 and 5 times, there are still streaks. It has the look of crappy tempera  paint when dry. In the 48 color set, be warned, there is no black, and no white. Some tubes are very runny, and others thick to solid. I teach acrylic painting at the college level, and will not be recommending Liquitex to my students."
"Ordered these and they arrived in perfect condition. No malformed paint tubes, no paint missing as far as I can tell. Gonna bust into these so I can make late Christmas presents for my coworkers. I'm so excited! I already own the Liquitex Heavy Body Beginners collection but the colors aren't what I need to mix a complete palette, so I got this to supplement my collection.

Also it comes with metallics! So cool!!

I wanted to add that this is for the 48 box of 2.2ml tubes, since there are multiple products under one listing."
"The price is great and I loved being able to paint some gifts for my husband.  However, I can't give it 5 stars, as one of my tubes (the blue) was dried out and I had to dilute it with water.  It was quite frustrating and didn't come out looking as good, but the other colors were fine.  If you are not going for a serious project, I recommend this tube set."
These are great acrylic paints. The colors are vibrant and a little paint goes a long way. The only issue I found is that they are too dry. You often need to add water to make them more flexible.
"The blue was completely dried out and we could not use it.  Even when we added water it didn't work as we had planned to.  As a teacher and having to spend my own money to purchase items for my classroom for projects for my students to use, I was highly disappointed."
"I love the color selections in this collection. The range is impressive for the price. Would make a perfect gift for amateur painters. BASICS works well for all my art needs. However, the problem with the set i received is that several of the tubes are on the dry side, especially several of the blues and greens. I have had to ""rehydrate"" them and now they work well."
"I love this brand of paint. I have this 4 stars tho because I thought it came in the plastic tubes that opened from the bottom which I prefer better,other than that. No complaints"
Great basic color set of good quality paints for those wanting to dabble in acrylics!
Good paint for a beginning artist.
I like them.
"Look, paint is expensive. If you want to have a collection of the prime colors in your collection, it can really add up and put a huge dent in your wallet.  This set has an absolute ton of shades and while the tubes aren't huge, if you are working on smaller type projects, like I am, the set will last ages. The paints are a great quality and they go on smooth, and look nice and rich. For the price, you really can't do better."
"Was in the middle of painting when one of the colors I needed to use was very dry! It is a good paint set with some gorgeous pigmentation. But being that I am unable to use some of the basic colors, I am disappointed."
"The blue paint had completely hardened and the while one half of it was good and the rest of half had hardened paint. Better off buying at an art store, at least you will not end up buying old stock."
I can't wait to try these out
Love love love Liquitex paints and painting supplies!!
"Great product, great for a starter acrylics set."
4 of the tubes have dried paint inside... when you squeeze the tube slightly paint should come out effortlessly... otherwise my favorite set
Fantastic set of paints for price
"Overall good buy although one of the colors was pretty dry. I was able to use it for the project i needed it for, but it wouldnt have been ok for a project requiring small details."
Great quality.
kids
"I would have given this product 5 stars, except the booklet, is practically useless and the paint retarder  had eaten the glue on its seal and leaked out.  The leakage was not enough of a concern to attempt a return and minimal product was lost.  However, when transporting it, more leakage occurred so I will be moving it from the plastic container it came in to a glass jar.  The paint was exactly what i have come to expect from Liquitex.  If you want browns, buy some.  It is very difficult to mix a brown with these primaries and not get black/grey.  However, they make some amazing blacks, so I wish it had come with brown instead of black."
"I was under the impression that these were 5mls samples of heavy body Liquitex Acrylic paints, much to my chagrin, they arent!"
These are great! Good coverage!
Nice set of paints
good set for 2D design students
Color variety is great. The tube of Ultramarine Blue was dried out upon arrival.
Very transparent....had to go 3 coats
Liquitex is a tried and true brand.
Best acrylics EVER!
Product is pretty good. But my Ultramarine Blue was hard and dry when trying to get it out of the tube. The other colors were great though!
Love everything about them. Good quality paint.
Great arylics
"Great product, great price for a beginner artist."
Love my paint
"Beautiful selection of colours, perfect for those who like variety without mixing themselves."
Love my paints!!
Worked out great having this arround. Kid uses them for everything from pumpkin painting to school projects.
So many colors! So much fun! And a great price also.
"Great selection of paints. Love the colors. The colors on the outside of the tubes, however, don't accurately reflect the paint colors in them."
The set came in good condition
"The tubes are really small, but the quality of the paint is great!"
These are very nice paints to try out to see if you want to go to acrylic. I normally paint with oil but wanted to try my hand at acrylic. It would be better to go with a heavier body but to start out with these are great
Not the best quality paint but can be used in a pinch. Lots of colors for a fair price. Works for school projects but not for quality paintings with intent to sell.
very beautiful!
Bought as a gift for an international recipient. She's thrilled and appreciates the lustre and quality of these paints. I'm really happy I made the right choice! Don't hesitate if you are on the fence. Paint on!!
"This acrylic paint set is a great quality for a great price ! Not too thick, not too thin , they are just right. And if you have all these colors , you can mix any color you want . The only limitation is your imagination ! I will buy these over and over again!"
"Love it, good quality."
Great assortment!
The product presents well. An excellent 'starter kit.' I look forward to 'mixing and matching' my acrylics.
These were a lot smaller tubes than I expected for how much they cost. I guess there isn't a banana for scale on the pictures.
Very nice set of paints.  Tons of color choices and you can still mix as well.  Smooth.....
"Bought as a gift for my sister who is upper-intermediate into painting, and she really loved them. She made me a picture with these paints and it looked really nice, so these are probably good for anyone, not sure about professionals though, but the reviews speak for themselves!"
Great take along kit with plenty of variety and good quality.
"High-quality acrylic paints, came well packaged, on time, and true to what was advertised. My only beef (and it's a teensy one) is that the metallic colors have a metallic sheen to them rather than being just the color. I was using it for a custom PBN and the metallic sheen ruined the look of the painting. I will know better next time, but it wasn't the paint's fault."
"Love this paint. Smooth, good pigment, and easy to mix. The bottle of white was open in the package, but hadn't leaked or dried out. So it was fine."
"great. I tried many other brands but they didn't work on my jeans after washing it. But this, I love it. the paints don't come off in the washing machine, and dryer-friendly."
"Love all the colors. I broke one of the tops... so that color might dry out, but its great for painting."
Love these - and great price - better than art stores!!
nice
I would give it 5 stars but for some reason it doesn't work well in the airbrush kit that I bought and I've seen videos of people using water and acrylic paint mixed and it works perfectly fine. I'm not sure if it's the airbrush or the paint but I'm leaning more towards how thick the paint is. I'd still give it 4 stars though because it's got a GREAT variety of paint and the boxing and packaging is nicely done!
It's a great buy. I bought the same for $64 from Michaels two months ago.
Very complete color collection perfectly organized in practical trays. This is a manufacturer that pays attention to detail and has the needs of his customers in mind. I am very satisfied with my purchase.
It's fun to have a full spectrum without much paint mixing. It was a nice addition to my paint collection.
I used this product to pain on a pair of canvas shoes. Was able to mix to make any colors that did not come in the set. So far the paint is holding up with no cracking and it had very nice coverage without putting many layers on.
Love these colors. Lots of fun!
I'm a beginner to painting and I'm trying out a few mediums to see what I like.  This set of acrylic paint was affordable and you get a large quantity for the price. I like the smoothness of the paint and how easily it blends.
I will order this again and again :)
"I bought the 5-tube set on sale thinking it's a good bargain.

What I didn't know is that neither the blue nor the red are primary color, which means, when they mix, they produce funny colors.  I ended up buying two extra tubes:  primary blue and primary red.  Then I'm much happier."
Perfect
perfect
"Good product. Wish it was less expensive, but the quality is worth the cost. Would buy again."
"Don't like this paint. It does not flow and being new to painting on canvas, I need something that will flow."
"Love the variety and these are lasting a long time. I've done MANY projects with them and the colors have not washed out after many months. Doesn't take much paint to cover nicely either and I love that. Smooth glide, strong pigment, good price, and easy clean up. Plus, containers are flat so I can set them down without losing them."
Bought as a gift for a friend and she absolutely loved them!
wonderful assortment
"While you only need a few colors if you're comfortable mixing, I wanted a larger set of colors so I could introduce my friends to acrylic painting. This is a great range of colors and suitable for a party or larger gathering of beginning painters. Rich colors and good texture. Buy some additional white, as obviously you'll need it!"
Good quality paint
"I couldn't give this product zero stars, unfortunately. I had heard so many good things, don't know if I got a bad batch (all 48 tubes?), but I would never waste my money on this product again."
"Really loves the consistency pretty good paints, problem was some weren't filled all the way"
"I ordered the basic 8 tube set. They were quiet small and after two (small) paintings I'm beginning to worry I'll run out soon. Paint dries quickly. I'm assuming this company also doesn't know what primary red looks like, seeing as a hot pink color was delivered to my house. Other than that my paintings looked good and the paint blends well"
Love it.
My granddaughter said it was just what she wanted.
This was a great bargain and was delivered in record time.
Good
Wow so many beautiful colors. Paint is great quality. Definitely recommend.
Every color that one could use.  Nice quality.
"This is a superb deal on a starter kit with a wide range of colors! As I have used them, I have upgraded to larger sizes of the ones I use most. This is a perfect kit for a beginning artist!"
This paint set is awesome. I'm only giving 4 stars because one of my paints was gunky and dried up when I got it.
Great quality paint at a great price. I use these for my custom pet paintings and they turn out beautiful.
Great paint set
"The description says heavy body paints but these aren't even close. They look like a great deal but they're super watery some colours don't have much pigment load, others are decent. Doing a swatch of all helps you to discover those colours but it's unfortunate that they aren't consistent. Great colour selection but I'm not sure I'd really recommend. Even a beginner deserves to experience a better acrylic than this. Disappointed that it isn't as described."
"It's great for its price! Good for practicing

Not great quality for major/main work."
AWESOME COLORS
So excited to get this set. Each tube is a perfect size and has a pretty good assortment of colors to choose from with decent consistency. Basics is the great baseline quality to start working with.
"Great paints at a reasonable price. No ""cheap"" acrylic paints for me anymore."
The overall prpduct is amazing.  my only complaint is that the brighter colors are still transparent. i won't blame the paint specifically for that because many other paints that ive used pose the same problem.. but still had it not been for that it wouldve warranted a 5 star rating
Wonderful products!
Let's you test out which colors you really like and need to get more of later on. Great starter set!
"I love this 48-piece!!!  The colors are awesome and I get to see, experience most of the Liquitex Basic Acrylic Paint colors.  Well worth it.  Not disappointed."
"I typically buy the Liquitex Heavy Body singles, but I got this for easy travel to and from my art class. I found the white to be very transparent, but other than that I like this set. Good value."
"A great way for anyone who is interested in painting to get started! My only ""complaint"" is that I wish there would be another tube of the titanium white color included, because I used pretty much the whole tube to compete one canvas painting. Love the variety of colors included with this kit!"
good for beginners.
"Nice set of basic colors, in acrylic."
AWESOME
"Okay, when I first got it, I didn't realize it had as many colors as it did.
My wife is an artist and she paints a lot. (Although I'm colorblind and a lot of them look the same) she says the variation in color is extremely good, and she considers it one of the best painting sets you can buy.
The tubes come in these racks and apparently, there is a rack devoted to metallic colors.
The tubes also come in order from lightest to darkest shade.
The paint is high quality and is very nice to paint with."
Smaller tubes than expected
My little lady loves to paint and this was a perfect set for her. Thank you
I was thinking these were heavy body.  These paints are very opaque.  To me they are useless.  I learned my lesson.
Great price and great paint. Have so much fun with them.
Love these paints.  Great assortment of colors.
"I do a lot of mixed media memorial canvases for grieving parents. One of the things i always run into problems with, is paints. I have tried craft acrylic paint, walmart and michaels acrylic brands of paint. The craft paint usually cracks while drying, and both the walmart and michaels brands are clumpy.  So when i saw this starter pack, i thought i would give it a try. Wow what a difference.  The paint goes on smoothly, dries without cracking or clumping. The colors are rich and not thinned out, and the paint comes ready to use. I highly recommend these paints"
Very happy with the purchase.
"too pricey, good paint though"
Completely met my expectations!
"All the colours are fine so far, but I just opened the ""raw umber"" shade and it's very course and dried out compared to the other shades. It's very clumped up. I think my package had a defect shade of raw umber but the rest was fine. :/"
"Honestly a fantastic deal. About 3/4 of an oz each of the entire palette (including the more expensive colors), for about what the larger tubes cost by volume. Great starter set or ideal way to sample before investing in the larger tubes. Perfect to experiment with if you're learning how to mix color.

This is good midrange quality paint. Vibrant pigments, no odor, silky texture, and dries beautifully."
Great
"I tried to use these for a while to stretch my money; the heavy body is expensive.  However, the Basics Acrylic Paint is too thin to be opaque and the colors are not vivid."
These are a great variety and you can't beat the price. They are little half tubes but it's a great sample.
Great item to go with painting set.
I love love love this! great quality a bit pricey but so worth it!
"Very nice paints, smooth and nice colors."
Just the perfect size and great quality for the price! I would highly recommend!
"Great price but as another reviewer stated,colors were dried out"
Awesome!
Love all the colors in the set.
"This was a great buy for me.  I needed to travel and bring a long list of colors to a workshop.  This was an excellent choice because it contained all the colors I needed (and more) but the small tubes made it much easier to travel with.  Also the price ended up being more economical than buying only the tube colors that I needed.  They are also very good grade, not cheap grade with cheap price.  Recommended for someone starting to paint in acrylics, for travel or the artist who is experimenting with the medium."
These paints are better suited for kindergarten fingerpaint.
Probably the worst acrylic I've ever had the misfortune of buying.
Great set of basic colors of acrylic paints!  No complaints over here!
"Love all the wonderful colors and the paint is nice.  A bit hard to get all the colors out of the box to use
and I am trying to think of another way to store and use it when I wish to without having to take it out of
the carton.  But it was a very good buy."
Super happy with the paints. Really gives me the ability to add another layer of funky flair to my pieces.
My daughter enjoys art and these are the go to brand when I buy her paint. I also use this for my own hobby needs
"Cool paints, very beautiful colours, thick consistency, easy to work. However, I think they are not very suitable for painting on fabric. After several washings paint became pale at some places. But, perhaps, I did something wrong..."
"I know it is a good product, if you are lucky. As with some others in the reviews I read, mine arrived dry and lumpy, red and blue unusable. Didn't complain cause I was not in the mood for the process. So, this is my chance, go to a store, hold the tubes in hand and determine if they are wet or rocks inside. Then decide. This people don't check them before serving the order.

Buyer beware!!"
"VERY thin paints, complete waste"
GREAT
lovely set with brilliant color.
"Even though these are ""Basics"", I find they cover well for my purposes for journaling and using over already designed card stock. Colors mix well, easy clean up and are permanent once dried."
I got this for a gift for an artist and she love it...can't wait to use it.
"I didn't take inventory of all the paint tubes when I received the set so I didn't know until recently that the box contained two tubes of primary blue and the tube of dioxazine purple was missing. Overall, it's a decent starter set of acrylic paints, but check the contents of the box carefully to ensure that all the colors that are SUPPOSED to be included really ARE included. (I'm just practicing, but if I were hoping to paint a ""masterpiece"" I'd get the professional grade acrylic paints.)"
Sucks
"These PARTICULAR colors blend really well with eachother. There are a few colors I would get outside of this set, now that I've had some more experience painting but these are a nice paint to start with and the color set is very nice as well. These are pretty big sized tubes... Maybe about 6 inches long and 2 inches wide? Sqeezable, not metal tubes, which I like. Less chance for a kid to mess it up."
Bought it for my daughter. She loves it
"Great paint. Used this same set when I was younger and got for my girlfriend as she's into painting and I also grabbed a 12 pack of smaller canvases here in Amazon
Only thing you may need .Ore if is white as it's used to lighten all the colors and black to darken all of them. But the tubes will last a while :-)"
Good Quality
A lot of paint for a good price
"I am a beginner to the acrylic painting. After reading reviews about different products I finally decided to purchase this one. I just received this product today. So, I have not got a chance to test this one. I am attaching a couple of pictures of the product. I have attached the close view of all the 12 pieces that I received.
I will update this review as I start using the product.

Update: I have used this for last few days. I am loving it. I have also purchased Liquitex heavy body cadmium red and golden titanium white. I have attached couple of pics of the artwork by me and my daughter."
Easy to blend.
"""You got options and I'm in love!"" Colors are amazing, creamy, vibrant with smooth application."
i might order more in the future
great value
work well
High quality paints for a fraction of the cost from local craft and art supply stores. Perfect for my introductory paint class. Shipped fast. No problems.
"i haven't had a lot of experience with painting so i wanted to get something versatile and inexpensive! each tube is filled with a smooth pigmented paint, perfect for blending! the amount of product you get in this set is amazing for the prize! but i did run out of black and white very quickly because of how much use it has in painting, i would recommend purchasing white and black or any color you use very often in a bigger size."
Great Product!!
Great
good
"Basics is one of my all time favorite brands to work with, they aren't dirt cheap but they're not crazy expensive either good for on a budget. Came a little jumbled up in the mail and the tubes themselves had minor dents but they weren't punctured so they're fine."
"GREAT!!! They Mix well together, too, to make different shades."
good product.
great service and superior product.
"I'm so excited about these! They're really great paints and the tubes are a pretty good size, especially for the price. Love it!"
"I love this paint set, good start for a beginner in painting like myself. Not too thick, nor too watery. Good quality, vibrant colors. Convenient to use and store as the box comes with 4 separate plastic trays inside each with 12 sections for the tubes."
Great paint set! Gave as a gift to my artistic grandmother. She said the quality and variety of colors are great! Will definitely purchase again if I ever need a paint set!
great!
Amazing product. The paint is smooth and glides over the surface. It is great quality that is water soluble as well. Absolutely love this!!
"I didn't know I was purchasing HUE not the regular heavy body paint.  Vote if my comment was helpful, thanks!"
"Excellent paints, best acrylics I have ever used. I'm very grateful to Liquitex for making quality products. I bought the 6-pack of 22ml tubes, which is red/blue/yellow/green/white/black. All you need to mix the rest of the rainbow. Amazing value for $10.

Thick, richly pigmented, excellent opaque coverage on canvas, doesn't get annoying and soggy, and you can easily water these down if needed. I have bought the store-brand acrylic paint from Deserres in Canada, which is cheap but quite watery and requires several coats for proper coverage. These aren't much more expensive, but are absolutely worth the small price bump. Because you don't have to actually use so much, this small pack will last me a long time.

Can't think of better acrylics than these at this price point, and I can't see a reason to buy more expensive ones. Highly recommended!"
...nice basic set; large tubes....
"Great selection of colors for the price, I am very happy with my purchase!"
"Bought these on the recommendation of a friend who bought the 48pc set a few years ago and said she loved them. They work well, blend well, and are the best student grade acrylics you can buy for the money. Amazon has them cheaper! I like working with these paints, and will definitely stick with the Liquitex brand for any paints I buy. :)"
Good product. Mixes and covers well.
Great selection. size of tubs is just right.
"This is a fantastic array of color choices. Extremely well packaged, easy to take out and put back in. The paint quality is Excellent.
Very happy with Liquitex!"
"Great starter paint set - I just started painting for fun a couple of weeks ago and this little kit has fulfilled all my color needs!
I can't speak to the quality of paints since I just started, but I have had no problem with them - blends well, goes on smoothly, and dries quickly!"
"excellent product, liquitex always delivers.  I bought an old dvd multi leveled wooden shelf and placed each rack of paints on the shelf according to their color.  Made my art studio look very professional and made my painting level organized, no more scattering around paint tubes in a bucket scrambling to find the right color.  The portability of the box and its multi leveled plastic shelves holding the paint means I can easily repack it and take it with me for plein air paintings as well!"
"So far, I've had no problems. The Phthalocyanine green is a bit thin though"
A perfect gift set...great price.
"This set of paints is a great way to get started if you are just beginning to paint or even if you're seasoned. I have been painting a lot since I got these and I'm only now starting to get low on select colors. They don't last as long as heavy body, of course, but they are still good quality at a good price."
"Good quality paints, and you get a fair bit of paint for the price"
"Great value for the money I spent on this set.  We've already used the set for a few projects & not one tube has run out of paint.  And for the record, we have used all the colors!  Great  quality.  A little goes a long way on these paints.

Will definitely buy more when needed."
Great set of paints.
"This was a gift and she was thrilled, almost as thrilled as I was with the price. She like liquitex and I nearly fainted when I saw the price, but this is a deal. The tubes are about half sized, but most of these colors would dry up in a bigger tube anyway, I'm thinking. I figure she will have maybe five to seven colors that she made need to buy before she uses up these paints in this set. We all have about that many colors we can't paint anything without, don't we?"
"Very good quality for this basics acrylic painting. sometimes we are lazy and do not mix our colors to obtain the hue we want so we buy them. It can be very expensive especially if you want a highly pigment concentrated paint. Let us say it depends on who you are, a pro or a Sunday painter, and what you want to do with your paintings in the future. If you are a beginner and do not want to spend a lot, but having fun you HAVE to buy this inexpensive set of 48 colors. Once you will be more confident and found of acrylic then you will see. I personally love them to make my pre-paintings. It gives me an idea of what i want and as i travel with them I do not care if I loose one in terms of money. Children love it too, and it is safe for educational purpose; however, I would not let it between all hands children without any supervision of an adult. Please put on old clothes as it stains like acrylic does. Colors are beautiful; I was surprised with the 22 ml red crimson light tube for example because it really pops up despite it is an artificial pigment. Colors are rich for such a price. It is amazing actually. You should go on the Liquitex site to make your own opinion thanks to their useful videos. If you want an affordable and rich range of colors then go for the BASICS."
"Nicely packaged for gift giving or reasonable storage you get the primary colors, white, black, and then a spectrum of premixed colors that will allow you to create endless arrays of color. While Liquitex also sells giant tubes, which can last you for a while, these are a great way to sample the line. I have used their products for years, and don't plan on stopping. These paints are affordable for a beginner with the quality that makes them versatile enough for more skilled artists. You can replicate the texture and look of both oil paints and water colors and can achieve effects that neither of tthe alternatives can. The best bit is acrylic don't stink. Liquitex has been around for ages, for a reason."
An economical and beautiful set of paints that I bought for my artist sister.
"Aside from they drying capabilities on this paint it is utterly terrible. I did a google search of best acrylic paints and this classified as one. I bought this hastily because I needed the wide color spectrum, but was not aware of how this company classifies there paints. This is they're ""Basics"" grade, which in layman's terms is balogna for kiddy watercolor paint. I even emailed the company to get some tips.  So looks like I gotta go with something else. So unless ur prepared to paint things 17 times, DO NOT BUY THIS"
"Nice variety of color, not as thick as I would like though."
Great selection of colors and fantastic price.......
"My friend needed some paint. So I bought her this. This is a very generous amount of paint, and it seems to be good quality. If I ever need paint, I'd probably buy here."
Daughter loves this paint. Last longer than expected
We are on our second box of these.  They are very good quality and the color selection is wonderful.
These are really high pigmented paints.  They are kind of spendy for the amount that you get.  I find this to be the best brand that comes in tubes for crafting.
Nice texture...not runny.
"Got these as a gift. Liquitex paints are my favorites. I don't know if I'll ever use all these colors, but they're nice to have. Best birthday present!"
As described
"So many colors!  Great Basic paint as usual, but the number and variety of colors here are fantastic - especially for the price.  Paints easily store neatly in the box."
Great for the price. Exactly as advertised.
"Just started painting, this was the perfect way to start! Then buy larger tubes for the more common colors."
Love these!
"my favourite acrylic brand - liquitex. Great selection of colour and good size. I like plastic squeezable tubes, easy to squeeze."
"Paints arrived promptly and safely. They are very good quality and, as a beginner with acrylics, I have found them easy to use, and
 with good results."
The tubes don't seem like they are filled all the way. I just barely got them from the art store and I noticed they are not filled all the way. Not sure if its because the tubes can fit more but were filled up to 22ml. So I might be getting what I bought. If that was the case then why have such large tubes? Could have use smaller ones.
loved it
nice variety of colors. smooth & creamy. works well on plastics.
This is excellent. 48 of the colors shown. No dried tubes. Came in original packaging. Excellent assortment of colors. The Basic is almost sane consistency as the heavy but not excactly. Still am really good quality of paint. Totally worth it for starving artists. 
bough as a gift and recipient was very happy
I didn't realize that the tubes were so small. I would have preferred the larger tubes.
Very satisfied. Thank you
It's good for the price. Not the heaviest paint.
Nice quality for those who wish to dabble with their artistic abilities with paint.
"Great paints. This is an incredible value for the price!  I am trying to nail down the type of work I want to do for my next show and these are great, densely pigmented paints, great for exploring all kinds of color combos!  I have been buying larger tubes of the colors I love."
just what i needed
"The price point of this paint is excellent! This is the cheapest I've found this (significantly less by more than half from Hobby Lobby or Aaron Brothers). I love how many colors there are in this set. Awesome starter set. I do wish the colors had a heavier coverage, but good for the variety."
Beautiful variation of colors.
The best quality and great price.
My 6 yr old grandson has begun painting and setting up shop at local art/crafts fairs...quite successfully I might add.  I purchased these paints along with 8x10 stretch canvases and 8x10 canvas panels for his projects and they are perfect.  He loves them and put them to work straight away!
great product
"Absolutely wonderful paint! I couldn't be happier with them. I get to use the ones I'll need & the ones I don't know if I want. But with this set you get to try them all & the price was great! Thanks, G. G."
Muy buena
Great colors!
"As always, liquitex magic."
As advertised and worked good
Package came and all of the paints were loose. They still worked fine but had to open and reorganize each paint as they had fallen out of the trays. It wouldn't have been a problem but they were a gift and seemed a little bit beat up after shipping. Paints are good value though.
good product
Great great value. Wonderful when traveling with the variety of colors
best set for the price . would by more
"The product looks as it appears on the photos. It fits well on the Pixel. Grip is pretty good; no slips at all, but also does not catch on fabrics of my pockets. I thought it resists minor scratches well; none noticeable for the two months I've had it on the phone. Dropped the phone twice on asphalt and phone is protected well and the case was still scratch-free."
"A great way to sample lots of their colors! It's like being in a candy store! Great price for the set, but yes, some of the colors were not their usual creamy consistency. So that's a problem. All were usable. Some just had to be mashes around a bit."
Great Acrylic Paint tubes.
Excellent. Good deal. Great paints.
A one
This seems to be very good paint.  The colors are strong enough they don't wash out like some of the cheaper paints do.  When painting a background I used a little bit of water to get a nice consistent layer down.  When doing foreground the consistency is about right.  Very happy with this product.
"The set is a great starter set, travel set, or for more advanced artist. The color selections are great, and the quality is good.
I bought this for my teenage daughter, who enjoys painting. We had never tried this brand, but she was very pleased with it. I love the sizes, they're perfect for travel. She loves to paint at our cabin, which happens to be 14hrs away, so the convenience of these are wonderful for travel.
I will probably buy her another set to keep there. Now that she's tried this brand, she'll likely buy the larger sizes in her most used colors.
I highly recommend this set. And zip found Amazon to have the best selection and cost."
"Nice variety of colors, including some metallic colors. The paint seems a little thinner than some other brands, but the pigments are vibrant."
Has great selection
"Let me start this off by saying, before I tried these all I had been using was Apple Barrel brand paints, so it has been like night and day between the two.
These paints are thick, and I mean, real thick! They glide over both canvas and mixed media paper alike. I have had no problems with the quilty of paint. I bought these because the YouTube channel I watch tutorials from, Jane, always uses this brand paint, and she never seems to have anything negative to say about them. So, to achieve some of the looks I was going for, my other - cheaper paints were just too thin.
On to the colors.. I have liked almost every color I have tried.. Mind you, I have not tried every color yet. Though I have already had to buy tubes of white and black, so keep that in mind if you're considering purchasing this set. It seems to me like a great starter set to get, but you're going to run out of certain colors way faster than you might think!
Pros: Getting to test the quality of the paints before spending money on individual tubes, and getting to find your favorite shades of colors.
Cons: I wish they had included double tubes of mars black and titanium white, but that is the only con I can think of! :) Happy painting everyone!"
Great paint
Very good product for me as I am an amateur.
"This set is excellent for someone who wants to learn to paint, like myself.  They are a student quality, so you will likely have to use more than one coat, especially when doing something like backgrounds, but they mix up and grab onto the canvas quite well."
Not really high quality acrylic... too thin!
you get what you see!
"This was a gift for my ex-husband, he loves having more than just the basics for once. Great price."
"I LOVE these paints. They spread over canvas well with or without water, and have held up well. Beautiful, vivid colors, and very well priced!"
Great. Nice selection of colors
For the beginners to the masters of painting this is a great product for the price.
The delivery is fast. The products is as described. I haven't had chances to use all the colors but so far it's all good.
easy to squeeze out the amount needed to mix with other paint to get the color you want.
Great paint at a great price.
Bought as a gift.  Delivery on time and recipient was happy.
Granddaughter excited to receive them as gift
"I bought these paints for my kids based on the many good reviews.  I am into woodworking and I wanted decent paints for my kids to paint their woodworking projects with.  I have to say the kids love them. They are quality paints and cover the wood well.  I Would buy these again.  I only wish they had a. better storage box for them.  The holders are thin plastic, and I don't really have a convent way to store them.  Perhaps I will make a wooden cabinet for them.  Anyway, these are good quality paints IMO."
Can't wait to use them!
love how many colors to choose from
The quality of these paints are pretty much lower than student grade. While I loved some of the colors some paints were already chunky and I was unable to use them.
"Great paint, good colors.  Great deal.  Love this paint."
Very good! Impressed
Good price and swift delivery!
"As a new acrylic artist, this set is ideal for my work. There are enough color combinations to get creative with any art project. This BASICS set is high quality paints for a great price."
"I have been using liquitex basics for a month or so since I started painting. I have slowly been building my color collection. Then,  I found this set! It has every color I needed (except zinc white)  it was the perfect addition. I am able to use a variety of colors without spending a lot of money doing it. Thank you for this option."
loved
"These paints would be good for a student who never plans on taking another art class again or someone who is fine with low quality paint. These paints have a lot more hues then the original liquitex professional series in order to keep the cost down. When you mix your paint the colors are noticeably less vibrant. You would be better off purchasing paint from their professional series. If cost is an issue just buy your primary colors, black, and white."
Good sale
"Nice set of 48 hues. The paints are creamy and are lovely to use. There is a decent amount paint in each tube- more so than in a kids sampler box, for example. The box comes stacked with 3 trays, so you can put them all out on your table to access the hues you want to use."
"Really good acrylic paint! Great variety of colors! I loved it sooo much, I bought another one after i ran out^.^"
"Great sampler set! If you're going to use student grade paint, this is the one I'd recommend."
Great starting or advanced set. Basics but 48 hues! Perfect for getting to work painting right away.
Great selection of colors and last a long time!
"love these paints! the only ones I have used for 5 years and I have no need to change them, great product for a great price!"
Excellent
I just started my new Hobby and I'm using liquitex from here on. I purchased a book called 50 small paintings and I am enjoying the quality of the paint. After this runs out I'll go with the heavy body acrylic but it's definitely a purchase you won't regret.
"Like others have stated and I hoped to not get, the primary red is actually hot pink. However, it does make pretty purples if you add a little black to it. The blue is ultramarine and not primary. Not the worst, but I would prefer a primary since ultramarine has a slightly greenish undertone. The opacity of the white and black are great The yellows, green, and brown are also good colors, but opacity is lacking. These are medium opacity paints so this could be why. The reason I gave it a three is because I will now have to go out and buy a different primary red and blue, which I am not happy about."
The quality was beyond my expectations. A great product.
I love these paints. I love the beautiful green.  The colors blend well.
Fun variety of colors.nice creamy texture that is enjoyable to paint with
Good stuff. I'm having fun with it. Delivered quickly and in perfect order.
"I absolutely love these paints. My sister recommended them, and she was recommended by her professor. Such gorgeous and rich colors.  I purchased the 48 and was super surprised when I discovered 4 of the paints to be metallic!"
These are nice paints with good flow and beautiful vivid colors.  Great value.
Nice package and good brand. Works great!
Great paints - perfect for a starter pack or just a basics pack to have to mix in. Easily mixed. Colours vibrant and beautiful
before commencing a painting i test composition/colour...Liquitex Basics are perfect and cost effective for this purpose...colors appear true and i may switch across to using this brand full time
"It's my first time ordering Liquitex paint online, but I was really excited buy this basic set. Unfortunately, when it came in the mail, the box packaging itself was torn and one of the tubes of paint looked tampered with. The tube was slightly compressed with dried paint around the cap and sides. I was very disappointed since this was supposed to be new and unopened.

Other than that, the paint is great. I love the quality vs affordability of Liquitex and it wouldn't deter me from buying more products, but I might just stick to the store this time."
Perfect product so far! Looks great on miniatures.
Excellent acrylic paint set.
Good price and a quality product.  Goes on smooth and dries quickly.
I have had so much fun using these paint & there is never any waste!
"Paint was thick and the blue paint was rather clumpy, like it was old."
Ideal for beginner artists like me.  :)  Just the right amount of paints to experiment with.
Great quality !!
"Usually when I get these paints I tend to get a lumpy constipated Raw Umber (brown). That wasn't the case with this set. It is thick, but not lumpy and constipated. Beautiful colors and well packaged. The tubes are all in great shape and no holes or damages to them. Delivered promptly too."
"Great size, set, and price."
The size of the tubes were larger then i was thinking they would be so i am happy with this purchase.
Best acrylic paint. High paint quality. Thick and creamy and very pigmented. Lots of colors.
I am a professional painter and the quality of paint is very important for a clean finished product. These are nice medium flow paints with many shades of colors. Absolute best paint set I have ever bought.
Just what we needed for beginning art class
"low price, good quality"
Great paints look 3D on canvas!
"Great assortment of colors, a lot cheaper than local craft store"
Works great for middle school art class
"WAY cheaper to buy  through Amazon than through well known craft store.
Nice set of paints with great variety colors.  Perfect for new painters."
Colors are strong a vibrant.
It's probably my third box of this paint and I'm extremely happy with it that even
fantastic array of colors for a good price
Great paint set! I LOVE the colors! So many choices. It arrived on time and as described. I am looking forward to using them!
Good
"Great value for beginners and pros... Anyone who doesn't have every color really. I mean, a rainbow may not have use for them but, I do! And I am no rainbow! I am grey, in both hair and nature. Grim hearted really, downtrodden and bleak. But then I paint with these fantastic paints of color and my world again shines and life becomes clear as an unmuddied lake and the world is whole
Again. Until I once more run out of paint..."
Nice complete kit
"The item is not new. It had been opened and the brush is missing. I am so disappointed to received it such like that. :( The amount is so low, it don't even worth the touble to return it ( It cannot even be return, there is no return for this item..)"
Using these to paint minatures and they're lovely.  Nice range of colors.
It wasn't as thick in consistency like regular acrylic paint is. It wasn't what I expected it to be. Not worth $18.
"I'm not an artist, nor even an aspiring artist, but I do find myself with these ""side projects"" that require a little painting. For example, I just purchased a set of Halloween zombie hand props, and they desperately needed some color. Direct from the manufacturer, the hands were a solid gray color. I used several of the colors from this set to zombify my hands....a little green, a little red, a lot of brown, and a touch of red.....and now my hands will look more realistic when staked in the ground! This paint set has a nice selection of the basic colors....although the tubes are small, but I knew that when I made the purchase so it's what I expected. For the price, compared ro the other acrylic paint sets here on Amazon, I feel it's a good value. And I am familiar with the Liquitex brand from other projects so I know I'm getting quality paints."
good and nice to have in tubes.
All the paints you will ever want in a handsome package! Terrific!
Great set of paints.
just what i needed!
Great selection.
"I've used these paints for a while now and seem like the blue tends to be thick and clumpy. Not sure how long these have been sitting around on shelves in a warehouse, but for a color I use quite a bit of, I hate it's not as smooth as the others.  So next time I'm running low, I might just go to my local store and pickup the blue."
I haven't painted in a long while so I bought this box of paints. This is a nice set to get started with.
Very nice set of paints for what I needed.
"Excellent set for beginners, lots of great colors to choose from. Highly recommended!"
Way better deal than the art store. Will definitely buy again when I run out.
I'm new to painting so read all the reviews before I decided to finally order. I'm glad I did. Paint is thick and easy to use. No more buying the cheap paints from the box stores! Hopefully my painting skills will get better!
"These paints are smooth, and easy to use, producing nice vibrant colors.  Usually I mix all of my own colors, but having a green ready made was really nice, because sometimes the greens that I mix don't turn out the best.  The colors do mix together very well though.  The paints are rather easy to wash off your hands, and brushes.  If you happen to want to use these with a different brand, from what I've used they mix rather well.  The paints are nicely pigmented.  The strokes are nice and even, and flow well.  The paint layers and builds wonderfully.  Over all these paints are worth the  buy."
Enjoying painting on my spare time and these colors are the perfect pack for any sort of mixtures to make your own color! Way to go!
Haven't used these yet but already know I'll enjoy them
"It is a nice product for the price and gives one a nice variety of colors.  I am used to more full body pigment paints and so I found these ""basic"" quality paints a little different to work with in respect to obtaining the depth or richness of color I wanted in some areas.  However this product filled my immediate needs at the time and I am pleased therefor with this purchase!!  Also I find that some of the colors are just fine for depth etc. and I only need to purchase specific colors in the much more expensive paints.......happy about that!"
"Recieved this set yesterday and immediately was excited to paint with them. The colors are vibrant and blend well. Definitely will purchase again. Only gave 4 stars because box was damaged when arrived, but paints were intact. Love the shades of greens and blues!"
Basics are always a good choice.
The tubes are small but it's better then nothing. I will have to buy some bigger tubes eventually but I love the various colors. I haven't used it yet but once I do I will revise after I see how the paint quality stands up.
"Lovely quality paint as always. The colors came packaged as shown, none of the paint was dry and each color is vibrant and spread well. I will purchase this product again!"
"Bought these for my seven year old to paint with on canvas.  It's been super easy for her to paint with. We have tons of acrylic craft paint bottles but these tubes are definitely smoother, creamier and thicker.  We will definitely purchase more of this brand when my daughter runs out."
nice but heavy body paints are much better
Excellent for my kids art class.
Beautiful colors!
"These paints are good for adding translucent layers, on top of heavy body acrylics. If you want to paint with these as your base paints you will be there for a while. Even with a primed canvas they take many layers to fill in completely. Love the color variety but honestly only work well when paired with better paints."
"I got this for about $30. I don't know why it was so cheap, but I checked many of them and I didn't find any problem with the paint

So it was a good deal for me"
"As a working artist, I must say, this paint set comes in very handy.  the pigment is bright and light.  They are also rather translucent, so they might work with watercolor, but when also using ""heavy body"" acrylic, I recommend using them only as detail and highlights in your work.  Good product."
Great selection of colors and hues.
"The quality of these acrylics is perfect for my mother, who has painted for a large portion of her life.  Thank you for a good product."
Nice assortment of colors and good paints for a good price.
I'm very happy
"I love these paints so so so much !!! They are smooth and mix very well. I am pleased, definitely will be purchasing more."
gift
Great range of shades in decent size tubes. Well known brand. Prefer their heavy body paint when it is available.
Best paint for creating works of art. washes off skin fairly easily.
Love the variety of colors in this package!
"Wasn't worth what I pafd, but I didn't have time to head for an art store."
"Good purchase, received quickly."
excellent quality paints and with the size and variety of colors these are well worth the money
"My daughter is an artist and goes through her paint sets very quickly. This brand was recommended by her art teacher and a fellow art student. When this set of paints arrived, we found out that the paint tubes are very generous and the paint colors and quality is very good! None of the paint tubes were hard to squeeze out or had any dry paint in them. My daughter really loves this paint set! Only one catch, the box of paints is very big and might be a little hard taking it to art class everyday but, overall, it's really wonderful!"
"Just started painting again.  I always used oils before, but really loving the acrylics and the ease of clean up.  Half the price at the craft store"
great product love these paints
Nice paint. works for me
"I was so happy when this came in I started painting right away. This paint set is a little different from others I have purchased before. Bottle shape for instance . But the main thing that stood out from the other paint sets I've gotten , is that this set has more unique colors that I hadn't yet had. Love these paints love the price"
Haven't used acrylics before and am having fun with the Creative Bug site. Am learning which colors I want more of to order larger tubes.
A great deal for a great product.
"<div id=""video-block-RP0HDOSLSDBPQ"" class=""a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block""></div><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/B1WOK3xBCpS.mp4"" class=""video-url""><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/61NmgWncFQS.png"" class=""video-slate-img-url"">&nbsp;it help me to paint minecraft themes on walls.. it very helpful,, the acrylic paint is awsome =) here my photo and video what i did on paint on the walls .. look neat? =D"
Love them.  Perfect for any project.
Love this set.
"Please be sure to pick up some gesso to put on your canvas first...Some colors just refused to lay down until I applied the gesso. Over all it's a great set at a good price. To think some local big-box craft stores mark this up 60% from what you can get it here...then they send you a 50% off coupon to make you 'feel' like you're getting a good deal. Well, you're not. Don't play their stupid games, just buy it here."
My wife likes this set.  She likes the quality of the paints and the color variety.
Great product and lots of it for the price!
Good price...almost twice retail here in art supply v
Nice starter selection of acrylics.
good
Name brand product of excellent quality delivered exactly as represented. 4 ounce (118ml) tubes of professional quality acrylic paint.
This is definitely acrylic but the texture is more likely to water color. I am very used to watercoloring and this helps me to do water color as well as acrylic painting.
"These would cost twice as much at a local store. I am so glad I got them on amazon.

Update: now that I have used all of the colors, I noticed that some of them are watery and some are chunky. I can't really use the chunky paint, so it is a waste. Not all of the colors mix well. The blue and the yellow turn into a very murky green. Like bottom of the swamp green."
"My wife got a set of these about five years ago for a review, when she owned an online business. This past week, she ordered (paid for) another set because she liked the range of colors and the idea of not having to mix certain colors.

Having the complete set of colors has allowed her to figure out her personal color palette (in which she's purchased many larger tubes of over the years) and experiment with colors that she normally wouldn't gravitate to. Out of this set, she only has 9 tubes of color left.

One word of caution: While you can mix these paints with water, it's best if you mix them with a fluid matte medium (https://www.amazon.com/Liquitex-Professional-Matte-Medium-8-Ounce/dp/B000IYWYNE/ref=sr_1_1?s=arts-crafts&ie=UTF8&qid=1469722722&sr=1-1-spons&keywords=fluid+matte+medium&psc=1) or flow aid (like https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000KNPM46/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o02_s00?ie=UTF8&psc=1) because water tends to separate the colors which causes them to breakdown over time.

Also, she's discovered that some colors hold up better than others; meaning some colors you just need a little paint to get your desired result where other colors you've got to paint in layers to receive the desired depth of color you're looking for... so with those colors, it's probably best that you upgrade to a higher pigmented paint, like a professional grade. Since she usually paints in thin layers, building up a color based on her personal preference, this hasn't been an issue for her... but it can be for those who don't paint this way.

It's also a good idea to seal your finished artwork with a matte or gloss medium or a non-yellowing varnish (https://www.amazon.com/Liquitex-Professional-Satin-Varnish-8-oz/dp/B001US6NPM/ref=sr_1_7?s=arts-crafts&ie=UTF8&qid=1469722780&sr=1-7&keywords=non-yellowing+varnish) if you don't want the colors to fade, want to product it from the elements, and want to be able to dust it.

She has found that if you keep all paintings out of direct sunlight, and in a humid-controlled environment, the colors will not fade. At least that's been her experience. Prior to this kit, she's been using Liquitex Basics paints for about 10 years, always sealing her finished pieces... and none of them have faded, none of them have even shown any signs of wear and tear."
"I bought this to use as a travel paint set on vacations. It's a good size and shape for the suitcase. Cons would be that the white is the same size as the other colors and you always need more white, so I'll be replacing that one pretty quickly. I hadn't used Liquitex in years and forgot how high quality of a product it was. The paint flow is smooth and vibrant. The price was great as well."
There is a wide range of shades which is helpful but no white or black. This was a disappointment as I was painting with acrylics for the first time and expected this set to be complete for my needs. I bought another set of a different brand and found the color quality to be much better. The colors in this set require several coats before covering the canvas as needed. It is also difficult to get an opaque line with these colors. The only reason for 4 stars is the huge number of shades in the set.
They now call me VanGogh
"I like this set.  However , the only draw back is not enough white"
Good value.  Good price. Good selection.
A great introductory set for acrylics!
"For the money, I cannot imagine a better array of colors to start learning to paint, and to mix colors. This collection is a fantastic value. The texture is smooth, and the colors brilliant. Only a few things kept me from giving it a full five stars.

1.) There are five different tubes of blue, from ultramarine, to cerulean, plus ""light blue."" I found the phthalocyanine, primary, and cerulean to be only subtly distinct, and other than the ultramarine, all of the blues seemed to have a strong greenish tint to them, So in my mind, I have but one true blue to work with, and it isn't the primary blue.

2.) the name of the color as printed on each tube is SO tiny.

which would be less of a problem if not for

3.) the color on the tube is sometimes wildly different from the color of the paint inside it,most notably on the magenta, which is in a tube that is a dark, brownish red rather than the vibrant pink of the actual paint.

It's still a fantastic value, and I'd encourage every new artist to spring for it if your budget runs to such."
"All of the colors are beautiful, none of them were dried up."
"Great selection for beginning and intermediate artists, great to learn color mixes and acrylic studies."
terrific assortment of high quality paint.  Great set.
Bought as a gift for my artist niece. She loved the variety of colors!
"Love these! The colors inside match the containers (sounds weird, but sometimes they do not). I love the variety and the cost."
Great value for the product. Made a painting with these and the quality was great!
"As a student, I've been searching for affordable but quality acrylics, and I've settled with Liquitex. In terms of quality, they perform way better than any other options at the same price, and this particular package has almost all I needed for my classes. I have bought a few other large Liquitex tubes, but I'm still most happy with this pack."
The paint is good in overall. Some of the colors are very thick like they are old but you can still use them.
"Don't get me wrong, I love these paints, but I was very disappointed that I ordered the 48-tube starter set and received the 36-tube set. Normally I would have returned them and exchanged, but I really needed to use the paints shortly after I received them, so I had to open the 36-piece set (which is too bad since the 48 piece was a much better deal for me). As far as I know, there's no way that I know of for Amazon to fix this issue. Other than that, I really enjoy using Liquitex acrylics and mediums and these are a great starter set - I think that Golden and Liquitex products are right up there as the top performers in acrylic paints, at least in this price range, and this is a great price for them. I would say, for a couple bucks more, get the 48-pack --I just hope you actually receive what you order, unlike me!"
The paint is still student quality but I like the color variety in this set. It won't dry in stuff peaks like professional heavy body paints but these are great to practice with. They mix well.
Exactly what I asked for
Was delivered promptly and was what I expected
"What a bargain! I opened it, expecting to find a jumble of paint tubes. Was so glad to see each was set in a tray. Will definitely order again."
Product as described
So many colors! Great packaging. 
WILL BUY AGAIN
"The red exploded in the box when they shipped it to me so I duck tapers it back shut. The product is great though, I've been using it for years."
THIS PRODUCT SPEAKS FOR ITS SELF.... I LOVE IT.
"Great package for a present, my dad absolutely loved the paint!!!"
"What a difference from the generic acrylic paint that I had purchased at my local Walmart! This brand covers excellently and lasts much longer than that other brand. I threw the generic paints away, just can't deal with those substandard paints anymore after using Liquitex."
"Don't be fooled, this is a lot of paint. Great for supplementing a larger supply of primaries, whites and blacks. The pigment is nice, all of the tubes were in order, and the box is nicely arranged and easy to reorganize and store."
The only gripe I have with these are they're a bit thin. So far a little dab will go a long way.
Favorite paint to use since high school art classes!
Very very nice paints but I feel the cap and hole are too small to put paint back in if you are a recycle freak like me and want to reuse unused paint but besides that these are my favorite paints I have
"Worse paint I've ever used. There is no coverage at all. Very translucent  and low pigment.  You have to apply 3 '4 coats for coverage. So disappointed in these paints. I would rather use craft paint, it does a better job. Why would you advertise cheap paint for students? A total waste of my money."
"I wish some of the colors weren't so neon, but otherwise I am very happy with my new paints."
Vibrant colors. Functional tubes for dispensing. What more can I say? I've colored in a few illustrations using these paints and the color has remained bold and radiant.  I would definitely buy this again.
Great!!!
"The tubes are slightly smaller than I anticipated, but overall a good paint set. The color variety is pretty good. I gave this to my daughter to get her paint supply going. She's been very happy with the paint."
"Bought as gift for painting-class instructor; she was excited at the wide range of color options this pack provided her!
Would reccomend."
"Great price, super fast shipping!"
Wow this is so beautiful!
The color spectrum is wonderful. I use these for reborning baby dolls and they work beautifully. I will buy them again and again.
Great
The price is good and so is the quality and quantity of the product.
"Bought as a Father's Day Gift for Dad.  Great variety of colors with enough quantity to do several smaller or two large paintings.  Would recommend buying the 'staple colors' in a larger size, independently, if frequently used, but the secondary and tertiary colors should last for a very long time...possibly for the life of the painter!"
"My son really wanted these and I found them, they are high quality, were shipped very nice, and he is already using them. He loves them and they were for a great price. Would recommend to anyone who is into painting."
"Great price, fast shipping!"
Great assortment of colors.
Great variety of colors.
Loooove it!!!
"I was taught to use Liquitex professionals in college, these aren't quite as thick, but, the price is amazing for this brand and it's half the price this set is in craft stores! Mixes fine with the professional grade paint. Almost impossible to empty completely unlike the professional tubes."
Prefer over heavy body for almost everything.
I loved it
Got for my daughter for Christmas. She loves art and this came with a great variety of colors for her to use.
Great for painting... colorful bright and perfect texture.
Good value
"I purchased these acrylic paints for a kids painting party on canvas.  We had 7 kids and there was plenty of paint.  This paint really goes a long way.  If you are going to mix and make colors, my only suggestion would be to purchase more white   I am not a prifessional, so as far as quality of paint goes, I couldn't tell you.  It worked great for us and dried quickly."
"Love the large variety. This is not my primary set of paints, but is a great backup. Sometimes a painting needs a particular color that I don't own in a big tube, but that I can always find here, yet I wouldn't want to spend money on a larger quantity. I like this set so much that I bought another one for my niece for her birthday."
So many beautiful colors tons of tubes. Shipping was fast. Dries fast.
"Decent variety of colors here- and the good thing about painting with acrylics is they clean with water and if you make a mistake, once dry you can just paint right over it with no harm done- and these paints don't need the toxic cleaning agents oil paintings do- and unlike oil these paints will dry over night or faster."
I love these paints ... Use them with my art class. Also very affordable when purchased from Amazon ! Thank you.
good quality
Item as deceived and shipping was fast!
"I bought this for a present for my Mom for Christmas since all her paints were destroyed when the house burnt down. She really likes them!
I do a lot of painitng and these are my favorite acrylic paint to use!"
Love this paint and this set was great for the price.
great
Superb
My daughter is an artist and she was really happy with this paint.
"I bought this paint Sep 30 and didn't use it until March, so some 5 months later. By that time, some of the tubes were completely dried up, others were thickened or the texture of curdled cream, and didn't blend out. I bought it direct from Amazon, not from a 3rd party seller.

It really turned me off so I ordered some of Dick Blick's Studio paints which I thought would be the equivalent of the Basics line. They were not really pigmented enough for my taste so now I am slowly building up a supply of Dick Blick professional acrylics. They have a 2 oz tube size that is generous enough to last through a number of paintings, so I get that for less frequently used colors, and the bigger 4.65 oz tubes for the ""staples"". To be fair, I do have a couple of the bigger tubes of Liquitex Basics that are older than this set and they seem to be holding up well over time. As far as colors go, I like LB's light blue violet, which is a completely different, darker shade than DB Studio's version, and not available in DB Pro."
"I'm a big fan of this brand of paints, they are petty good and they look so vibrant. I try to use the best I can and they make Ab paintings look so cool."
My daughter is taking an art class and is working on collage. I loved that you could buy a set to give her a foundation with many colors instead of buying singles. The colors are already chosen so I didn't have to guess what colors she would need.
spendy but worth it!
"Rich colors,easily mixed to make many different hues."
"a nice amount of paint of a variety of colors for any project. i am VERY much a beginner painter and took a few group classes in town. have started painting in my home now and ordered some online classes and even watched some youtube free step by steps. This kit contains almost every single color needed for any class or project. a great storage container as well w/each paint tube in its own slot w/the tray layering on top of the others. I did not have to buy separate storage or stand b/c the package itself is a great storage container as well. wonderful for beginners to get a nice starter kit. so far for the price and amount of different colors in this, this is the BEST set i have found so far"
Love having so many different options for color!  Perfect size for what I need it for!
good product. I have used it for years.
"good paints but i just assumed the primaries would actually be the primaries
they all had weird tones to them and were not true primaries which meant any color i might want to mix would not turn out right
not to mention i didn't get a purple, just a weird blue green
maybe I'm too picky about the colors but as a painter who actually needs the primary colors to be legit primary colors i do not recommend this
the black is very nice though"
good
"So, I was expecting a little more of this paint. A lot of people recommend this brand but, I was not totally impressed. I used it for the first time this weekend and, the coverage was really nice. I had to make my own brown but that was okay. I think having brown is better than green because, making green is a bit easier. This is a medium body paint... I didn't like how it mixed with the little water I used to try to thin it out. it seemed to repel the water. The coverage on my canvas - which was used directly from the package, was not as smooth either. For the price I was expecting a lot more. The quantity of paint is nice. the black is really BLACK!  I will keep working with this and will try to update my review at another time."
You do get a lot of paint for the price but it goes on very thin -- not opaque at all.  If going for a sol
Great quality. Just what i expected
Great paint.
Small bottles would be more convenient. Bright and durable paint
Perfect set of paints to start working with. I noticed craft paints were cutting it anymore but wasn't sure what colors I wanted. This package has allowed me to experiment with all the colors and figure out which colors I want to purchase in bigger tubes. The quality is great and the colors allow me to layer paint as I paint wet on wet.
I have been wanting to get these for a long time. They are perfect. Beautiful. I am in love with this set!
"A family member of mine is a painter, I'd say it's a hobby but it's more of an obsession!  I thought he would think these paints weren't up to his standards, instead he LOVED them. He says the blues & oranges are perfect. I am excited that I now know of a line of reasonable priced paint supplies, now I have the perfect stuff to buy him for holidays!"
love it
What a wonderful package of acrylic paint.  Such a variety of colors.  Imagine getting 48 colors AT THE SAME TIME!!!!  I was delighted to receive this package of product.  They blend well and go on smoothly on the heavy paper I just to art journal.  Liquitex has a good reputation and it definitely has lived up to it in this assortment of paints.
I bought these for a project to paint thin wood plaques. This works perfect. I love all the different colors without having to mix anything.
Love the colors
Wonderful product.
Good quality. She like it!!!
I'm new to painting. This is my first set of acrylic paints. I really like the color selection and the paint is easy to work with.
"This is a good acrylic paint set for BEGINNERS wanting to get used to the feel and drying time of acrylic paints.

The reason I say BEGINNER is due to the pigment load vs. the suspension emulsion ratio.  What is means is that your work will have streaks of paint in it, requiring more layers of paint to achieve a solid color if the artist wants a  opaque flat finish on their piece with little visual bleed through of the color or surface they are painting on.

This also lends to issues with layering evenly pigmented color atop the underpainting, which is typically a contrasting color, in order to achieve depth and making the finished colors pop.

Blending Basics colors tends to be a bit tricky as well.  Some Basics colors have a higher pigment load than others, making blending ratios a bit frustrating.  But a positive about this is that the budding artist, who is learning color theory and blending, also learns to be patient when creating their own color wheels and hue practice boards.  They learn that each type and brand of paint has a life of its own, and learns to adjust to make the paint work for them.

That said, I use Basics for abstract pieces where finer blending and glazing work is not applicable, and for craft purposes.  And for this, I highly recommend it for those whom are cost conscious when trying new mediums.

Liquitex makes a soft bodied paint that has a higher pigment load if you are needing better coverage and color blending capabilities.  There are medium additives that work GREAT with the higher pigment loaded products, making the Liquitex line very diverse for a variety of applications."
Good
"Excellent value, nice range of color, I use this for models and hobbies, coverage is not as good as model paints, needs more than 1 coat usually, but the cost is much lower. some colors are not the same as the cover paper"
Good start...
good
Excellent quality fast shipping A++++
"Great price, great color. Only thing that would be better would be if there were even more colors :)"
Excellent product.
"Finally retired and am hoping painting is like riding a bike.  I purchased these paints and they will be my new go to when I need to order again.  The size of the tube is generous and larger than those smaller skinny tubes, and I love the variety of colors.  The paint is moist and goes on my canvas smoothly.  I will buy these again"
"The vast array of colours are the selling point for this product. For me personally I think the colours are a little watery and as the tubes are so small they soon disappear. On the plus side if you want to mix with a thicker white paint they do the job well. Good for the student, possibly not the professional!"
Best Quality Paints for the price! Very happy with my purchase because the quality of other brands hurt my grades in class. Thank you.
I use it all of the time!
"This is a fantastic set of paint and a fantastic price.

I've been a painter all my life and as a mother of young children I've been looking for a good set of paints that I can use with my kids or for my more detailed pieces.

This is perfect.

I highly recommend this box set."
Awesome!
"Nice paints. I'm new to acrylic paints and this gives you a nice selection. The paints themselves are smooth, too."
Great product and the best price!
Good quality paint set
"The Liquitex BASICS Acrylic Paint Tube 48-Piece Set was purchased for my 17 year old little sister who has recently found a love and creative outlet in painting. She had been buying paint from a local craft store by the individual tube and the cost was starting to add up. I ordered this set for her as a gift. She loved this set and was excited about all the colors available to her. For a beginner who hasn't mastered the art of mixing her own colors, having so many options allowed her to get right down to creating art as gifts for family and friends. The paint covered very well and I was surprised at the size of each tube. This set will last her quite a while. The amount of paint you receive for the price is well worth it. This is a great set for anyone who is wanting to flex their artistic muscle."
"The paint is too thin; pours out. It dries quickly, making it hard to mix and blend colors. When a mixed color is finally achieved and ready to be applied, most has set up and unusable. Waste of money. I am very disappointed and will be returning this product for refund."
Great deal on excellent quality paints.
"Nice paint set at a great price. Box came ripped and they paints were shuffled about, but nothing was damaged."
"I'm painting miniatures and since I use such a small amount of paint I decided to go with an assortment of colors rather than trying to mix my own.  I tend to keep adding more paint to try and get the color I want until I have 10X more than I need.  It's such a waste to me.  This set has an amazing amount of colors. You do tend to use the white a lot to lighten up colors.  I'll have to invest in more white at some point.  I'm glad that instead of adding other white that that spot as another color.  The times I've had to mix paint to get a color that's not there I have had a difficult time.  The colors don't mix how you would expect them too.  At least not all the time.  Even though I had a fun since it was a surprise each time.
Some of my tubes had a foil cover and some did not.  I'm not sure what this means but the paint seemed to be full regardless.  I did have issues while removing the foil that the paint seemed to pop out.  Since I was going to use the color anyway I didn't mind.  The paint drys quickly.  Like I said, I'm painting miniatures and the quick dry only made things easier for me."
4 of the paints came dried up but my wife didn't open those ones until just after we had it for 30 days so now we're stuck with dried up paint.  I guess if you get this you'll want to check all 48 of them right away.
Exactly what I expected and needed.  Arrived in timely fashion. Really great variety in colors
Love  the  variety  of  colors  they  look  alot  nicer  than the  other  brand  of  acrylic paints  I have  very  happy  with purchase
"I love this paint set!  Each tube is big enough to last awhile, too.  For the price I paid ($36.70) I don't know that I could have found a better price.  It is......after all.....48 tubes!

Good quality.  Recommended.  Thank you."
A fantastic selection of colors. A great starting kit. Love it. Will be purchasing this again.
Awesome
I think they are overpriced for the amount of paint that you get--------or don't get ---lol. I feel ripped off. I just hate to write such a terrible review! I think I thought that with just 6 tubes they would be bigger. Next time I will read the fine print.
WORTH THE MONEY FOR STARTERS.
Nice set for a 11 year old.
I have to use 2-3 coats to cover primed canvas with this paint. My retouched work just isn't as good as original.
"Was a present for my grand daughter. She is artistic, and loves them!"
Great basic set of acrylics!
Great selection to choose from when trying to find a color that matches the one I ran out of when finishing a paint-by-number picture.
"Deals on wheels.
Originally, I bought my first set of acrylic paints in store. I got way less than what this comes with.
This paint is great. Lots of vibrant colors and you don't need to use too much. It's REALLY THICK!
Should last a long long time."
"arrived on time and item as described. i haven't painted with them yet and can review it after using it for painting. i just know that acrylics are harder to blend and that liquitex paints are more ""sheer"" then most paints. you have to do several layers to get desired colors usually. but good for doing simple art projects and painting!"
Fantastic set. Fantastic paint and color quality!
Nice product great price lots of colors YEA!
wide range of paints cant ask for more.
love them
I only use primary colors when I paint and this was perfect. The tubes are small but I only paint one portrait per year anyway. Loved it!
"These are the BEST acrylic paints we have found & we have tried MANY. Beautiful to mix, or use each color alone. You get so many colors in this package & they last daughter for a good year of all her art projects. A little paint dab goes a long way! They also do not dry out, as they seal well & stay as soft & colorful as when we first buy them, lasting this way all year long. The only colors we seem to buy extra of...in bigger tubes...are black & white."
love the paint. will buy again
great colors and fun to use----
"good quality paint for the price. a lot of colors, kinda small amount in each tube but words."
"Amazing paints and large size bottles for the price. A really good beginner product, we got these for our seven year old daughter."
I teach an acrylic painting class for beginners. This set is 48 different colors and is a great set for new painters. I've had 2 of my students buy this set and they all want one now. This is not Heavy Body paint a professional painter would use but it's higher than Student Grade.
"This is a good variety set if you don't want to mix colors yourself, but I deducted some stars because one paint tube was completely empty. The tubes themselves are pretty small (22ml / 0.74oz), so I would recommend these as a supplement to white and the primaries."
great
Quality acrylics.
"Love, love, Love these!....great pigment...good size ...lots of colors....yipeeee"
amazing
Tubes are a bit small (purchased as a christmas gift for me) however overall tons of paint! Light weight paint (thin) but the price for what you get cannot be beat!
love these paints.  i use them on all my painted shoe orders
"When the product arrived I was surprised by how tiny they were (the picture was misleading). They are good quality, but you get a very small amount of pain for the price. I would not repurchase these."
Just right to get you started.
"Was very impressed with the delivery of the package - there was no damages done to the outside OR inside of the box - and the way they sorted each level of paint was very smart. The only problem I had with this product was how small each ""tube"" was. It didn't come in a tube version like you'd think it would for a regular acrylic paint tube (with the plastic cylinder and etc) but more of a squeeze out paint."
"Item shipped on time and in perfect condition. Thank you so much, A+++!"
Doesn't cover well. Some tubes were old and that paint had like grains of sand in them. Lumpy and lousy. Disappointed .
Great but not heavy bodied. Goes fast.
Good price and good set
Starting to paint again now that I'm home bound so I needed some of the basic colors to paint with. I used this brand in college so this is technically a rebuy only it's been a few years since I last bought paint
My fiance loved this paint set! Perfect amount of a variety of colors to get any little job done!
"3 trays of colors. Excellent started kit since you're not yet sure which colors you will favor yet. Good price for quality paint, even if they are smaller in size."
I'm a beginner with acrylics and after reading reviews on here and online I found that this was actually a good set. The package came on time so that was good! I barely started using my acrylics last week to practice acrylic painting techniques. Today I took out my acrylics again and decided I wanted to try all my colors. Unfortunately one of the colors that looked most appealing to me came out like clay when I tried to put it on my palette. I even let the small blob sit in water to see if it would liquify again (since I don't know much about acrylics) but it simply absorbed the water. I squeezed a little more hopimg it was only the top that was like that but I think the whole tube is like this. Kind of upset but at least it was only 1 Of the 24 colors that had a defect. Overall great buy!
"I have always used the cheap craft store brand acrylics in the little tubes, and have to say these are a huge improvement! Creamier, more opaque, sorry I can not compare to more expensive brands, but as a crafter, not an artist,nthese are perfect for me"
"Shipping came late but that's because of a snow storm, however and although it's not 2 fl oz it does still state that there is 22ml, which in my opinion is good enough to hold you down for a painting. The colors are great and making other colors are no problem. Started working on a painting and the paint I order hasn't even come close to disappointing me. "
"Great paint set. The colors are vibrant, and the paints are high quality. It's a great deal for the money. I took a class University acrylic paint class and the professor was was very pleased with the set. He started recommending it to the other students. It includes all the basic colors plus many accent colors that are usually only available separately."
it was a gift. They pointed out how they like the amount of shades for each color
Good
great selection of colors
"Super good paint and vERY Cheap!! Works out to be 3.22$ a tube!! One tube lasts a very long time, I use it with a few golden and heavy body liquix to give myself a complete pallet!!"
"she loved that i knew her well enough to get what she needed.
Thanks guys"
Great paints but a lot of them don't exactly match the color on the bottle so well
The Liquitex paint arrived promptly from Prime.  The paint tubes have an array of colors and the price was lower than the hobby stores..
Great for the novice painter to practice before spending the big bucks on professional grade paint. These are soft body paints but they do an OK job at coverage. I love the large array of colors.
Great price for these Acrylic Paint Tubes. I bought it for a friend and she loved them. I have to add that I also went to a couple of stores before finding out that these were cheaper online! Save yourself time and money and buy these!
"Good quality paint, packaged well. Got as a daily deal, probably worth it even when it's not."
"This is a nice 'Basic' Paint set if you want to get into painting. They are easy to work with, and the color pigmentation is pretty good. Sure... it's not oil but if you take your time and combine the right colors it can come pretty close. (The paint Color darkens and turns matte when it dries, using Gel Gloss helps a lot with that) I like using them because they are easy to clean, affordable, and don't require a lot of skill to use."
I loved having these larger tubes of paint since I was working with a number of kids at once.  The colors were nice and blended well.
Great quality paints and with this package you get a lot of different colors.  I bought this for my sister who likes to paint and she loves it.  I am considering purchasing another one for my self.  It is definitely worth the price.
my niece very happy with her gift
I am a full-time artist. I ordered these paints as a supplement for what I already have.  I suggest you buy a quality white and primary colors and use these paints as extras.
"Nice selection of colors, great paint, great price. I use them for multimedia pieces, but would work just as well for painting on canvas."
"Good price, just what I needed for a mixed set with a lot of colors."
Excellent paints!  My granddaughter is satisfied beyond words.  My sister is an artist and recommended Liquitex.  Your company is the best.  Thank you for pulling thru for me at Christmastime.  Thank you
Excellent and true colors. Great price.
You won't find a better deal for the quality and quantity of paints.
Good paint
"Cant beat the price and it goes a long way. The colors are great selection. I get a set like this to use with all the more rare colors that you can buy individual tubes of.
This set is great. The paint quality is good.
A little goes a long way.
I only find them fun if I am using them with higher quality unique paints....this set is what I use as the base color and to design but I use expensive vivid acrylics to finish the details.
Oh and I saw this set sells for like maybe $20 more in a craft store so yeah....Amazon is awesome ;-)"
Not what we were expecting.  Product in general the Basics brand is excellent
Nice set! I didn't need it to be huge tubes just wanted lots of colors. The set is perfect!
Received this quickly & LOVE the boxing! It's so cool how the paint was all neatly assorted in a cool/modern looking box. I painted abstract art with it & love the colors. Total bang for your buck. If you know a painter you should totally fift this to them! :)
"Purchased this set through recommendation from another artist and I am so glad I did.  The paint has a good pigment so it covers well, and the texture of the paint is very smooth & glides on my canvas or paper nicely.  The tubes are easy to use & I also find the paint is good quality & I do not use as much as the cheaper brands, so this paint will last longer."
Great starter set of paints.
"grand daughter loved this, can't wait to see what she does with it."
Thanks! Great paint tube!
Beautiful colors. I got a wide variety for a great price and the brand is not bad.
Paint is amazing. Love the different variety of colors. Looks nice on canvas. Would recommend for artists.
"Liquidated has been good for me since my college days.
Great paint especially if the price is right and it was here on Amazon.
Highly recommended."
works great. great price
"Good set for my daughter to start out with.  Good color, easy to work with."
Only acrylic paint I use!
I've always loved Liquitex  Basics the paint is nice and smooth going canvas 5/5
Small tubes but great paint/color selection.
gave as a gift.  My friend paints rocks and loves the product.  good coverage. I may get for myself
"Good set acrylic paint, Poor packaging"
Bought this to do some painting for fun. Loved that it was on sale!
I love painting and can't wait to get started on a new project!
great  deal great colors!!!!!
I love these paints. I mix the colors with a medium to make them last a bit longer. It's a great way to sample all the colors to know what I use a lot of and what I don't.
Worth the price.  My 10 year old has been wanting her own set of nice paints and she loves the quality and her pictures look wonderful.
Great set of paint for a beginning artist. Experienced artists too! Basics are high quality acrylic paint that blends well and  cleans up easily. You can't go wrong with these paints. Just enough colors so you can mix and come up with just about any color you want. Love these!
This item was exactly what i was looking for! Fast shipping great quality overall i am very satisfied .
love it
These were for my husband and daughter and they have really enjoyed them.
"These were a xmas gift for my daughter and she loved them...has she explained, it has all 3 shades of colors plus the bonus was the gold and silver tones...very satisfied! Thank you!"
"These are VERY small tubes...not at all like the ones pictures. Way too expensive for the size of the tubes. Great paint brand, just not what I expected based on the pictures"
colors are smooth and the tubes are easy to squeeze.
came in retail packaging
"Great quality & this is my second time ordering, I ordered the 36 for my daughter & loved them so much I ordered myself the 48 so we can paint together! I don't think you'll be disappointed."
"Awesome array of colors. Paint is thick and mixes well. Having 36 colors is very nice, you don't have to mix on your tray near as often. I found it very easy to blend between colors on the canvas making subtle but drastic color changes look great. Thick enough to cover easy and also do hard edges up to other wet paint."
Great product!! I love these Acrylic paint tubes. giving my painting a different look.
Got it at deal of the day price :) awesome.
"Love these paints, and what a great price!"
good value
"Great product, great price, fast shipping. Thank you."
Got this for my daughter who loves to paint.
"Any painter can appreciate these paints and the cost! I caught them on sale, which has so far been the least expensive I've found them, even with sales and coupons at brick and mortar stores. Very pleased."
Great variety of colors. Super excited to try them out.
Wonderful selection of colors.  Great way to get a sense of what you'll want more of.
GREAT
great
Can't go wrong with this brand of paint
Use the paint as soon as it arrive and I was very pleased.
Good basic paint set. Tubes were intact no leaks
"I did not know until recently that Liquitex pretty much invented acrylic paints. Always used Grumbacher in the 60s and 70s. Mostly for their oils. But this buy is really good. Decided to paint again after 25 years, and bought two of these sets, and some small canvas boards to play with. I've looked mine over and see no leakage and all tubes seem fresh. Haven't used them yet, but other reviewers have convinced me pigmentation will be good. I have some tubes of oil, acrylic, and watercolor that are more than 20 years old. Some are like stones. Others are fresh as the day I bought them."
I've used basics for a while and really like how their value and quality remain high. Great paints for beginners and intermediates alike.
Great quality.  Half price from in the store. My go to paints
Wonderful selection of colors. at a good price.  Liquitex always works well and is reliable.  Not seen 36 colors in one set at my local craft store so was very pleased to find this.
5 stars!
I find that these do not spread as far and I use a lot more than other brands.  They are fair but not something I would jump out to say I must have them again.  Seller was perfect. Not a reflection on seller at all.  Just the product.
great colors
good starter set
"Perfect for any acrylic artist, huge variety of colors to choose from and mix. The tubes are kind of small, the same length of a Q-tip for scale. Great sampling of colors."
"Great paints, wide variety of colors, and a great price"
"I am very happy with these. I have literally never painted before in my life. Ever! I'm an engineer and I couldn't be farther removed from the arts. However, I love to build props for Halloween and I decided to build my own Hitchhiking Ghosts from Disney World's Haunted Mansion ride. I made them out of rigid foam insulation and then primed them. Now I was left with a need to ""bring them to life"" and painting was the only way to do that. I had no clue what I was doing but decided I would try acrylic paint. I bought this set since I needed the black, blue, and white colors. I bought a set of paintbrushes and just went to it! I was just guessing my way through, mixing colors to get the right shade and then painting as best I could. I was very happy with the results and I don't think I could have done it without a good quality acrylic paint like these. It went on so smoothly. I would absolutely buy this brand again if I ever needed to paint something else! Please view the pictures for the results."
"Includes a really good orange, which can be rare. I had originally purchased another orange just to be safe, but I am so far very happy with the one provided in this set."
"Actual product came just as the description states.
Very satisfied!"
"I love liquitex paint. It's decent paint for its price. It last, it's durable, it's vibrant, and its thick enough that I can apply it to both canvas and sculpted items. I make things out of clay and paint them with acrylic  as well as make paintings on canvas. It's also useful for fabric and most other crafts that you can think of.  This set of paint is quite nice, I love the compact  box that it arrives in, and the  color selection that comes with it. The paint tubes are decent size, too. I'd recommend this and would buy this again!"
Great deal if you want to have a ton of colors for cheap!
Box open; paints all out of order.
My husband is very pleased with this set. Great buy at $30!
"I've really been enjoying using these paints. I'd say that these a relatively inexpensive for good quality paints. I had spend double the price on a set of 12 paints that were one third the size of these, and I cannot tell a difference in the quality and pigmentation of these paints! The size makes it great for beginners and I have used them within the art classes I instruct.

Update: Still going strong !
seriously in love with these paints. They are extreamly inexpensive for the quality! you get so much ! my friend is a proffesional artist, and she enjoys these paints as well :) planning to buy more when I run out"
"I really like the wide range of colors. It's been really helpful because I don't have to mix new ones (it's so hard to color match that way). However, some of the paints have an odd consistency. Almost grainy? Mainly the burnt sienna. I tried massaging the tube, and mixing it with whatever to see if would even out, but it didn't help. I haven't used all the colors yet and I'm worried that more will be like this, making them pretty much useless. But most have been fine so far."
Great sampling of all the colors! Ordering this set is a great way to find out which colors you use the most and then reorder larger tubes when the time comes. Highly recommended.
"fast shipping, as described."
Paint is beautiful and easy to use
"I am very new to working with paints and canvas etc, but I would have to say that the price and variety is outstanding.  So well organized.
The paints blend very evenly and smoothly.
The colors are vibrant and easy to work with.
Drying time is very fast!
I don't know what else to say other than I highly recommend for any beginner who is looking to explore their creative side."
Nice set with all the main colors. I usually use the artist grade for my serious paintings but like this grade for texture. It reminds me of the speedball brand I used to use several years ago when I was first learning how to paint on canvas with acrylics. The price was awesome (got it on lightning deal).
Great assortment Working well for me
k
"Fabulous set of paints with a variety of colors. I purchased mine for Gelli printing, and they are wonderful! I think next time, however, I would purchased a larger set that includes that Medium Pink color!"
"You can't beat it, for the price, the quantity, and quality of paint. This was a good buy."
"Only complaint, I didn't buy big enough tubes.  I have since ordered larger tubes from another store, on Cyber monday, so if you can't wait till next year, these are a great choice with primary colors. good coverage, washed off of brushes without a problem."
I love these paints - great for travel.
"Very nice paints, Grandson will really like them when he receives them for Xmas"
I liked the fact that I got a lot of colors for one price and there isn't so much that I have to worry about alot to go to waste.
good product!
Good paint
"These paints are really high quality for the price. The only problem is the opacity, they are a little on the transparent side so it takes more coats of paint than with other more expensive brands. Overall they are pretty good though."
Very chap canvas. Hard to paint on as its not woven tightly.
Not waterproof.
Great started kit for a verity of colors.
By far the best paint set put there! Great as a gift for paint lovers.
Excellent for the price followed by a speedy delivery.
This has a complete collection of color that I absolutely love! Have had this for about 2 years now and the paint is still good. Only have had to replace the white and black since they are used the most.
amazing paints but super duper small
Lots of colors to create a beautiful work of art over and over...
Could have been better. The price is right though.
These have been perfect for doing nail art!
"Very good set of paint for beginners such as myself. The only reason I don't give this 5 stars is because the red that comes with it is a little on the pink side, but otherwise this is a very good set."
Good
"A great beginner's set! Wide range of colors, and the quality of the paint is stellar - a little goes a very long way."
"It's great for trying out. If you're interested in painting a lot or a large area, I would recommend buying larger tubes."
Decent quality  --  will use them for practice.
nice paint
"I love this set of paints. The only thing that could improve it is a bigger tube of white but it never claimed to come with extra white. Still a very good place to start for a complete set of paints., just get a an extra big white bottle on the side."
Good set for starters
"The paint is thick and drys to fast. Very difficult to work with,without mediums to slow down drying time. Maybe i got a bad set. As I have recently purchased other bigger tubes and they are excellent."
Ditto as with the other post!
Good set especially for someone like me that it is just getting started with Acrylics.
Did not meet my expectations. Disappointed in the very small size.
great price for the variety of paints
"I started ordering my paints from Amazon because they are much fresher, and this set did not disappoint.  I had thought acrylic paints were clumpy and dry because that was my experience from the ones I bought at the craft store.  When I got Amazon's paints, though...wow! So free flowing that I had to be careful how hard I squeezed the tube...but not too watery either.  They are perfect!  This set has all the colors I need, and if I don't have a specific color, I am able to mix two or three paints I do have to get it.  A little paint, too, goes a long way.  Though these tubes are smaller than the size I used to get, I suspect they will last me a while."
Nice colors.
Love this set of paints!!!!! First time using brand name paints instead of little acrylic bottles from Michaels- definitely can notice the quality of color and texture. Nice assortment of colors too.
The paint arrive extremely fast and its a great deal for the price. I love it.
Good quality colors.
"These paints are cool.  I normally purchase these at Michael's.  They arrived on time, and saved me some money.  I am satisfied."
great!
yes this is great paint
I used this paint yesterday and it worked very nice. The consistency of the paint was just right and my painting turned out beautiful for my beginner level.
"These were okay for my painting class, but they are quite thin. Definitely practice with them beforehand because I had to greatly adjust technique."
Great for the price. These are quality paints.
So good for starting out with acrylics! I like the variety of shades and that there's metallics in the set as well. :) I included photos to show the color range
perfect to play with or to use as an under painting.
What I needed for my projects.
"Got these to start learning some miniatures painting before I invest in expensive paints. These are great paints, great selection of colors and lots of choices for working with different shades and such. Perfect for someone looking to try out a lot of colors and ideas."
Great paints. Wide selection of colors!
"On time, Description was correct. Great seller. Order yours and you won't be disappointed."
Purchased as a gift. seemed like a great starter set.
Good quality for the price
A great collection of colors. Love the feel of the paint. Because it's acrylic it dries fast so i tend to only squeeze a little out at a time. Great starter kit for any budding painter!
Good product. Would buy again.
Given as gifts along w/other art equipment to daughters for Christmas.  Good paint!  Nice assortment of colors!
Perfect!
As expected.
Functions as expected. Good product.
Great paint.
Awesome quality paints
so many color! thanks you
"This 48 piece set was perfect. I decided to make a super sized painting (6' x 17"") - but I wasn't sure what colors I wanted to use or how much of each color I'd need. I ended up ordering this set as a sampler, anticipating having to purchase more. I used these paints with Liquitex's Matte Medium Fluid which really helped to stretch my little paint set. I was able to use these paints very sparingly and still achieve bright vibrant colors and full coverage of the canvas underneath. I ended up being able to complete my painting without having to purchase more. I've sense used this same set of 48 to do 4 more 20x20 canvases and some other odd assortments of smaller canvases and I still have a lot of paint left.
These tubes are small - but will last if used thoughtfully.
I enjoyed this set a lot because of the range of colors in it - it's nice to have a small tube of a color that I might not need a full 4oz bottle of. This is an excellent set to augment your existing paints with more colors or as a starter set for someone looking to start playing with paints. :)"
Great value.  High quality!.  Will order more!
excellent paint!
"pretty average, great for a beginner."
My Mother will be happy with this.
This set has a decent variety of colors. They also dry pretty nicely. Definitely a great purchase for me.
"I love these paints. I have started handpainting Magic: The Gathering cards and after practicing with a cheap set from Walmart, I decided to make the leap and purchase a good quality set. Every color I could ever need or want is in this set (or can be mixed) and the quality is great. The size of the tubes is impressive for the price, they will last me a very long time."
Excelente quality and cover
Good quality and lots of color choices
"I have used Liquitex products before with favorable results, so purchased these with confidence that they would be equally good. Unfortunately, either Liquitex has gone down a notch or two in quality or I got a bad batch. Two of the included tubes (Burnt Sienna and Raw Umber) were almost entirely dried up (just thick, completely unusable lumpy paste) and a couple others (Cadmium orange and yellow) were clearly heading the same direction  -- not lumpy, but definitely not the creamy texture they should have been. So... out of a box of 12 I got 8 I could use. (If there is a Liquitex representative monitoring these reviews, I would like to say that customer service goes a long way toward earning good reviews, and free replacements of your defective paints might earn you another star or two.) Those tubes that I could use were fine. Not the super-high quality paint that you expect from the expensive brands, but very serviceable for the price -- the texture is creamy and of the right consistency to flow well without being too runny. These are perfect student paints or for anyone who likes to dabble with arts and crafts."
Decent paint for the kids.
very vivid!
Great!!!
"Great paint tube, the color could be mixed with water and then the paint consistency is still fine"
"This was a wonderful starter kit for me. I had to start painting* and didn't know where to begin, so I went with a kit. This paint goes on smoothly, though there were/are some colors that the paint itself was lumpy (but once you mixed it, it applied smoothly.)  I was a bit disappointed in the opacity of the colors not being the same (or even close.) Some colors a single coat was fine, while others needed 2-3. Not talking about white, either. The black and primary yellow aren't so good. I have found that MARS BLACK and CADMIUM YELLOW are great additions to this kit for the opacity reason stated. I've also purchased a heavy body professional Titanium White that ended up being not a lot better than the basic white provided here (well, it is, but it's not worth the $$ yet for a beginner, IMO.)

*Yes, I HAD to start painting. I volunteered to host an an event, which was later turned into a painting event, and the actual painting instruction was left to me. I started watching and painting along with YouTube videos to learn some things.

The kit was a killer foundation for me. I later bought the giant box of 48, but after using realized that was overkill for my 101 skills."
Water down paint that dries very quickly.  Ideal for kids painting.
"Great price for these paints. I will say that the luquitex basic paints are more of a thin paint than the normal liqitex paints, but they still work well."
Great value!
great
Exactly as expected
"the paint tube size is a good deal, if you plan to keep your studio well stocked."
I got this well. But the product package was dirty and a little broken. So I was disappointed. :(
Very satisfied with my product
Love them!!!!
Pleased
Great paints for beginners.  Great colors!
"I go to an art class that uses Liquitex paint.  I thought based on description this was the same as the art class, but not as much shine.  Ill keep looking.  Its still a good acrylic paint.  Just not what I tho thought."
They ok the red is a pinkish looking color  and a bit transparent but I think they are good to work with
Great buy for a new artist like me. I got to experiment with various colors for my projects and discover what I use the most of and now will purchase larger tubes of those. I love this paint. Used it on texture paste and the colors are vibrant.
This served the purpose for me. I went on an art excursion and it was good enough for my purposes. I wouldn't use these for a professional piece but for studies it was fine.
a staple in our home.  for the price you cannot beat the quality
Just discovered that a friend had these acrylics and ordered them immediately. Had them the next day! Awesome!
great value!
"The paint is thin and not the greatest but seriously less than $1 a tube?! You get to try all these great colors, an excellent value."
Great Acrylic for the price...
"Very happy.  I'm a beginner so this set was nice.  Easy to blend, nice consistency."
Excellent!
"Awesome, I've already painted 5 painting, great selection of colors"
Great assortment of colors and good quantity of paint with each tube.
love all of the colors
Great deal on liquitex basics. This paint is thinner than their professional paints. Keep that in mind when ordering. Needs many coats of paint for certain colors.
A very good buy
"I got these for an intro to painting class and even the teach was impressed with these. When I told her the price, she was amazed and was wanting to get some. They had a set of this same brand and size tube of paints at hobby lobby but with less paints for a higher price then this pack was. Happy with this buy."
"Purchased as a gift, amazing product."
"Terrific set, already used a lot.  GOod service"
I have used this paint in the past and will continue to use it for future paintings. Paint is paint.
"When I first ordered these, it was mostly just because I wanted to try this brand. I didn't think these bottles would last very long (sort of thought of them as a ""trial size"". Um, no. This paint is very rich all full bodied so these tubes will last me for years. Great quality. I use these along with the Liquitex Slow-Dri Retarder and they're both just awesome products. And with the large range of colors they include, you can mix up pretty much any color you need just with this set!"
My daughter thought they would be a better quality of paints.
good deal!
"A lot of colors,  like it brought it to use with Gelli art plate"
"Purchased for my son who is an artist who will soon begin work on his masters in fine art.  The colors are true, vivid and he prefers Liquitex.  Amazon's prices are excellent.  Definitely better than the Art Supply shop where he was normally buying his paints and other supplies"
An excellent set of quality paints for beginner and intermediate artist!  Great selection of colors and nicely packaged.  I have been painting fine art for many years and I picked up this set for use in creating miniature ACEO size paintings. They work great on 140lb watercolor paper!!  I would buy this set again and again!!
"Great paints, love it."
Great and fast
"These paints are great! I love them!,"
"I adore basic paints, very good acrylic paints. Shipped quickly and great price!"
Neat set-up. Fast shipping thanks.
Nice collection of colors to try out.  I will replace the ones I use the most as I use them up.  Colors are nice and bright.
Good product
a good introduction to many colors.
Great colors.
Painted on wood with these so far and great thickness and quality. Love all the colors. Excited to see metallic paint in there too!
So much smaller than I thought they would be.
Just as described; Basics are great acrylic paints.
"Nicely boxed set, with a wide range of colors"
Some dried out
Great variety of colors at a great price. I don't know a whole lot about painting but i like this brand so far.
Paints seem to be good quality. Good starter set with a variety of colors. I would recommend this product.
Product as described in listing.
"Perfect paint set. So many colors, decent size of each, and nice quality paint!"
Just what I expected!
"These paints where a lot cheaper than professional paints,  but you can tell they are not good quality.  The colors do not cover well and require multiple coats.  You get what you pay for."
"Works good, not dried out.
The best deal for the most paint at the cheapest price.
I use the paint for painting over picture frames. My sibling uses the paint for painting on shoes.
It works fine."
"Great selection for a good price.  This would be good for someone starting out and didn't know what colors to choose.  You will go through these small tubes quickly if you're a pro, but for anyone who wants to give acrylics a try, this is a good choice.  You won't have to worry about how to mix four or five colors to get what you need - just pick one of the 48 already in the box.

Good price for what you get.  Great for beginners or for someone with a few kids to keep busy."
"Quality paint at a great price.  I've used these for years for landscapes and bird and animal painting and am pleased with the quality, have also used them for some decorative borders in the kitchen and bathrooms."
very good
This is a a good basic set for the money.
love
"As most customers have said, its not as opaque as I feel paint should be. I had to paint multiple layers just to cover up some pencil marks on a canvas i was painting. I wanted to love the paint cause of its color options but the transparency really destroys the value that you think are getting. I already used up half a tube trying to get the colors to come out solid."
Colors came fast and in tact. Looks like these will work and look great. 10/10 would buy again.
These are nice for laying down a base painting but they are very thin and are not good enough for a entire painting
Really like the plastic tubes and they seemed to seal the paint better than the standard metal tubes.  Good standard assortment of colors.  If you understand color theory you this set will serve you well.
It has so many colors I would probably never use. Good for beginners
"Shipped quick, and on time
No damage.  Product as described"
Great for the beginner painter.
For the price and the variety of colors it was a great deal!
"I've been using liquitex paints for years, so I bought this for my niece so she could have a wide variety of colors to choose from. She loves it and I'm kinda jelly"
Size was very smaller : photographs were misleading but came fast enough
"My daughter loves this acrylic paint
She enjoy painting with them. Very good price:)"
Cheap paint tends to clump on its self and does not spread well if at all. Color selection is great. Good for crafting not professional painting.
"Note to self, not to be used as cupcake frosting. Lesson learned, but on the Brighter side I pooped rainbows.
I'll stick to the canvase from now on."
Perfect for my project. Shipped on time. Great starter set and even a few of my artist friends said this was a very professional set.
"Great deal. However, some of the paints were old and dry. A little disappointed about that, but am happy I got to sample a large range of pigments from Liquitex."
The colors were great!  My granddaughters loved them!
"The paint colors are brilliant, and they are of good quality; no clumping. Very smooth and glide on easily."
"Fine, Good"
nice set
Tubes contained less than I expected for the price
"Very smooth, pretty colors. Good variety. My only complaint is that the tubes are very small. Not good for much else besides mixing practice or miniature paintings."
My paint came quick and not damaged! I'm very pleased with my product!! I can't wait to start painting!!
Great....
Amazing price for Liquitex paints. There is a big variety of colors and the tubes can last quite a long time.
I love these paints. Good quality.
Awesome paint!
These are some of my favorite paints to use.
"Really pretty colors, and when the paint isn't dried up they are great. Most of my paint was dried up and clumpy. Even thining it out didn't work that well. Good set for starting out."
Awesome set!!!
Wonderful set!!!
Lots of quality paint for the money.  Not runny like many brands.
Really nice set
"Very nice paint and looks great when it dries, the colors are pretty vibrant"
love
An enthusiastic thumbs up from my twenty-something artist daughter. This is the second box I've given her as a gift.
Some tubes are clumpy. But lots of awesome colors!
Tubes are way to small. I only was able to do one painting with this set.
"This is an excellent paint set - great for beginners, or anyone who needs a wide variety of colors.  This is the set I take to art classes, because it has all the basics, and then some, without having to carry a box of full-sized tubes (too bulky and heavy).  It would make a great gift!"
"Awesome set of colors! I am so pleased with the variety of colors in this box; it really cuts down on mixing time and allows me to use bright colors I couldn't otherwise achieve with blue, red, and yellow mixing alone."
Great set of starter paints! Good colors and nice quantity!
Very nice set
"good selection of basic colors I used for a basic project
pricing was fair compared to local sources on the island I live on"
Awesome
"Second set of this.  Good acrylic paint. Thick,  good coverage. Like it. Best price I've found for this set."
awesome!!
This paint is great on canvas!
"HOW CAN YOU BEAT LIQUITEX, GREAT PRICE"
This is a gift.  I think this is good.
"The paints are quality for a deal. Not the best quality, there are better no doubt. The price and quality together are unbeatable, and I have looked. I ve switched to Basics for nearly all my hobby/arts&crafts needs."
Good quality.
paints work well I got two packs of them however one pack only came with 23 paints not 24 like the other pack so one paint was missing. A bit disappointed that someone dose not know how to count. However did come on time.
"I am really loving this set! It's got all the colours you'll need for most paintings. It's a really affordable set to get if you want to expand your palette or try out acrylics. The tubes are kind of small so i would consider this set to be a sort of introductory set for beginners or people who want to experiment with different palettes. The paints itself are great, nice and smooth medium body paints with good pigment. I recommend this for anyone!"
Everything was great fast delivery
"They work great, I like this set."
The best affordable acrylic there is. It's the go to art teacher's paint!
Two stars because the photos show full size tubes of paint and the tubes are actually quite small. It's nice having all the different colors to choose from but there isn't much paint in the tubes. I like the Liquitex paints and am able to get them from the hardware store in my neighborhood.
the niece likes
"Gets the job done. Great
 kit."
Great paint set.  The colors blend well and have stayed on vinyl art toys so far.  I plan to still use a clear coat over everything once finished.
Love them!
"Great paints, packing wasn't the best, but nothing was leaking or broken. I've used about 1/3 of the colors so far and only one was a little clumpy. Great selection of colors...can't wait to try out the metallic colors!"
"Awesome little set of colors! Love the Liquitex brand of paint.

The last two photos of bottles are just for size reference to the 250 mL and 118 mL Liquitex bottle sizes.

__________________
Sold by: Amazon.com
Shipped by: Amazon.com
Delivered: 6 days after order date"
"I bought these for a college painting class. I have artist quality acrylic paints but I needed a fairly large supply of paint for the course and this was the most reasonable way to get it. These paints are okay. They are a little thinner than I would like and they are also mostly transparent colors. Not exactly what I wanted but other than that they aren't bad paints. Just be aware of what you are getting.

These will work fine for the class (in fact it's what the instructor uses in class for demonstrations), and when I'm done with the class I will use them up for under paintings and the like. These would be PERFECT paints for a child to start painting with, or for a crafts person who was looking for a decent quality acrylic paint to use for crafts projects, or just a hobbyist painter.

If nothing else the titanium white is good, and you can get a HUGE tube for very little money, same with the black. I may skip buying better black and white acrylics and just get the Liquitex Basics black and white, and save some $$."
"Oh, be careful - it's much smaller than I expected!"
"Great set and super great deal!  It's just the paints, no fancy packaging but it's just what I wanted - lots of colors of paints in small
quantities!"
Requested so I'm sure the receiver enjoyes them.  I haven't heard otherwise.
"Great color choices.  I am a beginning painter, still learning how to mix and create colors, so this is handy for me.  I love the color variety.  I even ordered a second one to give to a beginning painter friend."
"I am rather disappointed in this product.  The picture color really doesn't match up to the color coming out of the tube.  The paint itself is great, but you really have to watch what color you want with what you get."
Thanks.
Thanks.
Not enough paint.
perfect for mi son
"This is the perfect package for me as my whole palette is comprised of the primaries and black and white, I like mixing my own colors.  Nice size tubes and good quality paint.  I have used brands other than Liquitex but I have to say that I think Liquitex is hard to beat whether it is the Basics or the Heavy Body paint. Well packaged too."
"I like these so well, I ordered more.  These are pretty large tubes, but they also come in larger sizes and more colors.  This is a good product to start with, or just to try the paint to see if you like it.  I'm go through a lot of acrylic paint, so I was glad to find something I liked at such a great price!"
Great paint
"These are weird paints.  They're really nice, thick and creamy, lovely to paint with, but they don't seem to cover very well.  It's like there's no pigment in the paint.  I have to paint over everything several times to get a good coverage.  (But, maybe that's the way they designed them...)"
"I liked it for the color varation. But some of the primary colors can be watered down so if you want to paint over any dark color you have to set a white coat down first to work around that. and then work with them opposite in terms of laying like trees. The colors are green and the yellow. Which are the colors i need for my landscape colors. The blue, black, white are good. And the tubes are tiny, but its easy to spread so you don't go though it in a second."
Good size tubes perfect for what I need.
perfect
"They are not the best paints on the market but I'm not going to say they're the worst. They're great for someone, like me, that wanted to try painting but wanted to make sure they liked it before they went out and spent a bunch of money on higher grade paint. If I wanted to make a gift set for someone that wanted to get into painting these would be a great option but for myself, now that I know I like painting, I will be moving on to professional grade."
"Great price for great paint set. I love that it comes with 48 colors and not just in what I refer to as a ""trial size"" tube. The tubes are pretty generous. For the size, though, I would prefer maybe one fewer of the less popular colors and extra black and extra white."
I've used these paints for kids art projects many times and I've never had a problem with them.
"Just like the art store, but so much cheaper."
Great!
"The acrylic paint set arrived well inside the estimated delivery date and well protected in it's packaging.  Unfortunately I found the quality of a number of the paints is poor unlike their counter part 118 ml (4oz.) tubes that I can buy individually locally.  These paints... particularly the brown colours but also a number of greens amongst odd others, were stringy, lumpy and gluggy and very unsatisfying to use. Out of all of them only the yellows, oranges and most of the reds had the same lovely smooth quality of the 118ml tubes I've bought.  In my part of the world, the price for this set, even with the shipping cost, was still much cheaper then I could get locally and I still feel despite the poor quality of some of the paints it was worth it for the ones that are okay to use on the balance of things.  My advice is if you can afford better then do so or be happy with a 36 piece set with only 24 okay paints."
great starter kit
"Awesome color selection, nice size of paints, not small tubes and the quality of paint is great!"
Very happy with my paints.
Perfect. Came just in time and just as described.
"I've sketched and have drawn most of my life...and now I'm at the point that I wanted to start painting.  So I chose Acrylics since they are fast drying.
I come from a back ground of building models and using enamel paints (Testors).  I used to paint my models with a brush using enamels and learned how to apply the paint.  Then I started airbrushing the enamels on to my models.
How I thought acrylics would be the same...but was I wrong!  These acrylics dry so fast...that you practicly need to be a speed painter if you live in a dryer climate.  And some of the paints need a couple of coats for coverage.
I think that dept store house paint would give better coverage if you could choose the Artist colors instead.
I think I'll try oils on my next painting!"
Good
Very good!
Great acrylic paint
Awesome quality and selection of colors. Paint minis for a while with this set.
"Extremely good value for money. I'm a beginner at painting and this was a really good buy. The colors are rich and beautiful. The only reason I'd take away a star is because in a few of the tubes the color was spoilt, the paints were bubbling and not flowing freely. But I'd still buy it again."
I have been buying these paints for years and they have started to explode out the back of the tube. I contacted the company and they refuse to fix the isse. initially they will work and then..bam out the back the paint comes and makes a huge mess.
its a nice little set I really like the selection of colors I really like the box how it came and
Awsome!
very pleased
I have always loved Liquitex and am not disappointed in these. For anyone just starting out or starting over I recommend this box of 48.
like this product
this is a great product for students. It is less expansive and it has a thicker application.
Good paints just wish the were larger tubes.
Some of the tubes came out in a weird consistency. That was weird but most were pretty good.
"I love all of these paints. I use these to repaint dolls.  Like most have said the red is a pink. I've taken to adding a touch of black to it to make it a more true red.

I've recently worked with another brand of paints for my dolls and I prefer the Liquitex so much."
Just what I needed =)
"I specifically bought this starter set to begin my foray into the painting world, and I am pretty pleased with it. I was specifically painting a TARDIS, and I was able to find a perfect blue without mixing colors, so that won some points for me. It is just as advertised, and the colors seem to be pretty close to what they are intended to be. No complaints!"
"Everyone in my art class was drooling over my Liquitex paint set.  It looks like you're opening a box of chocolates, and it has three yummy layers of beautiful paints.  I was supposed to buy about 10 colors for my class, but this set has all of the colors I needed, plus much more.  And at an excellent price. Vibrant, high quality colors.  So far, so good! I am really happy with it."
As expected
These are perfect. I love them.
Wonderful selection and smooth paint.  The box is not for storage unless you store it flat.
"I love this whole line of paints, Liquitex is great for the hobby painter."
A lot more paint than I expected. Great box set!
Superb quality!
"Loved these as an art student, love them now. I wish they used ""true"" red, yellow, and blue, as they would be brighter, but I'm splitting hairs. Not sure about the longevity of the color, but this is great if you're a beginner or using them for crafting projects."
"Great paint for the value, my favorite"
"Seemed a little expensive at first, but I really like the quality. Definitely worth it, I'll be sticking to this brand in the future."
great array of colors
"Nice texture, good color, and great overall!"
"So many colours!! i don't even use most of the colours from this, but its great that they're there if i ever need them."
"Great purchase,I love these paints, Artist staple!"
nice quality....love the colors
"Good paint, I'm getting back into painting and I wanted something to start out with and practice with. Such a great variety of colors. I do wish I could find something like this with large paint sizes because I've gone through some of the colors quickly. Some colors are more opaque than others."
love them. great for bjd face up process
i got these as a gift and i absolutely love them!
i got these as a gift and i absolutely love them!
Just discovered that a friend had these acrylics and ordered them immediately. Had them the next day! Awesome!
"This package was a great value. I wish you could get the same in a double size up. These colors are very fluid, and will thin to transparent, while holding color very well. I'm pleasantly surprised at how well they flow and the great color palette. Will purchase again."
this is a nice variety of every color they sell
Check the red color again before purchasing:)
What was expected
This is a great deal! I saw the saw exact set in stores for $20 more.
very good
"Great Product, I will buy it again."
"These were the consistency of jelly, and therefore very hard to mix or work with at all."
All good. None dry. great colors
"Awesome selection of colors. If it isn't in here, you don't need it!"
Good quality paint!
Beautiful color array!  Couldn't ask for more.  Excellent quality paints that mix well and look great when dry.  Highly recommend this when you want more bang for4 your bucks.
"Got for my daughter who has shown interest in painting.  Tons of colors, great product."
It is exactly what my daughter wanted.  She was excited to see all the colors.  Now she said she can buy a big white and primary colors and mix... she was ready to do.
Received this with one of the paint tubes completely dried up.
Good products and deliveries were on time.
I tested the colors when the package came today. Looking good!
grat as always
as always great
Good
"very great price at $31.00 plus prime shipping you cant beat it. I alter MTG cards for side cash and these are enough to do hundreds of cards. I cant see myself needing to buy more this year since I only use these on small projects. I did buy another though since I noticed amazon selling one that has a damaged box but the tubes are still intact for under $27 and these are a steal.

about the storage box.
a very sturdy box. the top cover completely covers all four sides so you have to pull the top completely off like a velveta cheese box. which is fine but I was surprised and though these would be in a cheap cardboard or plastic flimsy box but this box is very sturdy and with regular use will prob last longer than the paints. the paints are stacked on 4 plastic dividers with 12 tubes on each row. the holes in the top of the box are really there with just a very thin layer of clear plastic so you can really see the paint through the box. if you remove the plastic or for some reason it came off it wouldn't affect the box look or use at all since the holes are so small that even if you didn't have the dividers and just threw your paint in the box and shook the box the paint tubes would not fall out.

about the paint
its good paint if you ever used liquitex brand you know they have a good quality and vibrate colors. each tube has just about the same amount (if not a little less) of paint as a average tube of toothpaste. so use this info to decide if these is enough paint for you.

would I recommend
yes! for the price that I paid for 2 boxes was less than 1 box at regular price. plus prime shipping. plus this is a great brand. all around great amazon prime find! if you can get these for $40 or under with prime shipping at least you would be saving so much!"
Perfect!!
Excellent for beginners and children. This is actually the same paint our college art instructor told us to get. Lasted quite a while. I never had any issues adding a little water to make it more fluid either.
Paints are perfect for my project!
Exactly what I needed! A++ quality
Fabulous variety of colors.  Much larger tubes than expected.
Love it!
"i would haveliked more colors to purchase, but these are nice."
Nice selection that meets my needs.
"These paints are great value as a started set, and are perfect for someone who wants to experiment with many different colors. The only thing I don't like is that the reds and yellows are very transparent, but i really can't complain for the price. I now use Holbein Acryla Gouache which is much more expensive, but has the opacity i need. The metallic paints from this set still get used quite often!"
"Very good variety and quality, they work well on canvas, paper, wood, even on super sculpey!"
Great colors and a good deal. I am a happy painter now!
Item received as expected.
"Paint is ridiculously translucent, I have been painting with latex and Liqitex for 30 plus years and have never seen a paint this weak, on white you can add 3 coats and still see brush marks. not worth the price which is low but might as well be fast dry water color straight from the tube."
Great just what I needed
"I have started painting again, and so has my little guy. These paints are extraordinary. Bold but forgiving. Acrylics are great, and I think I'm sticking with this brand. If they can make my paintings look good... well, that's impressive."
"you get a lot of medium, not a lot of pigment. these are certainly a paint for beginers."
excellent
"I love this item, it's everything I expected it to be."
great for painting decoys
"Exactly as described. The colors are deep, rich, and quality for the price."
it would be nice if they printed the color on the tube instead of on the box
"Great paint for a beginning painting student like me. It has enough colors for me to play around with. Yes, it may be on the small side but Im surprise how long it takes for it to run out. I love how theres an assortment of colors and I get to see which colors I use the most. So i will just invest on an artist quality paint of the colors I use the most (like white, cadmium yellow etc). The paints in general are smooth when it comes out of the bottle, except for maybe 3 tubes (hence the minus 1 star). The paint for those are defective since it's so chunky compared to the rest. Im sure it's due to the manufacturer. But overall excellent set!"
So far so good. My wife likes the ability to use this as a sampling kit for when she is about to start a large product. Good brand and good quality of paint!
Great starter set for a very good price.
It's quite hard to fins an affordable set with accurate colors and this is such a great bargain. I got it for my teen for her advertising class and she loved it. Hope she gets to use all the colors though. I remember my painting years I tend to have a favorite set of colors and most of the tubes dry out untouched.
"I bought this so that I could have a list of all of liquitex basic colors. I love this brand of paint for painting on canvas. I have tried other more expensive brands but they do not hold up in the tubes. Liquitex holds up great and does not begin to dry in the tube. It give good coverage, mixes well. also works great if you want to mix a little water to change the opaqueness of the pain."
Great selection of colors.  Great coverage. Love them.
"I am beginning, but this is a nice set. Lots of useful colors and they seem to be of good quality. I would buy it again."
This is our first paint set and the colors are nice.  Large tubes that will last a long time for us.  The red color tube was not sealed on the end so I worry that it will dry out before we use it all.  I do not want to return the whole thing just for one tube so we will just live with it.  Otherwise I am happy with the purchase.
"Liquitex is tried and true! When I started painting again after an absence of some years, I had very few colors left in the box. I went online to a
'discount' art supplier, but was put off by the prices of larger individual tubes of color.  This set was a great way to start over with a broad range of color from which to choose.  As I use the small tubes in the set, I can replace them individually only as I need the color.  I'll be able to see what I tend to use most. This box offered a perfect solution to my problem: it allowed me to buy many colors at a very reasonable price."
"Purchased three sets of this item its a great buy, thanks Amazon"
Great to have 48 colors on-demand instead of having to mix them from the basic colors.
"Liquitex basics acrylic paint , I mix my own different shades with this basic kit  , make sure to clean rims snap shut , so it does not dry out."
I bought for my son's birthday as he is the artist.  so far a great experience.
Good set of paints!
Good set of paints.
Great selection of colors!
I like this paint so much I will  be buying lots more of it! I recommend it and be buying lots more.
OK for beginners.  Good deal for those starting to paint.
I bought this for my daughter and she's very happy with the product.  Her latest painting of a golden retriever in a leather chair is amazing.
love all the unusual colors
Bought this set for my daughter.  She was so impressed.  This is good paint and the price was fantastic!
Amazing value for what you get! My aunt loves them!
There is a lot of mixing to be done to have the color on each container label.
"Best bang for your buck in terms of acrylic paint.  Liquitex basics is made for students and casual artists, and certainly is not as high quality as say... Golden.  But to be honest the drop in quality is not that noticeable, while the price drop certainly is.  Even if you are an established painter, Liquitex basics is worth using some of the time."
it was a Christmas gift and they like it
love all the collors and shipped on time
"This is an okay kit for starters.  The paints are beginner quality which is not necessarily a bad thing when learning how to paint.  If you are looking for a higher quality paint, and a larger size, I would go with a different set (or just buy paints individually).  Heavy body paints (liquitex) are the better way to go but certainly cost quite a bit more."
These are great
Awesome paint! Vivid colors and beautifully organized.
"I got this during a lightening deal during Christmas. I think I paid a little less then $30 and it was totally worth it!! I am definitely a beginner painter and this has all the colors I need PLUS some! It will last me a long long time. I really think that if you are just starting out, a good set like this will be your best bet because when you mix the colors your possibilities are seriously endless! The colors are nice and opaque and the tubes are .74 oz. . This is a painting I made using only these paints"
"Not good,l think these paints are old.  They came out lumpy.  I had to buy new.  I am not happy.
Martha Castel"
Great assortment of colors but two were no dried out but an unusual texture and we're unusable.
"Perfect starter set.  Was gift for wife, who is an amateur watercolor artist, as a way of transitioning to a different media."
"Nice brilliant colors, you don't need to use to much of it to obtain a nice painting"
"I actually bought this paint for airbrushing my Gundam model kits. At first I was disappointed because the paint was too thick, but I found out it could be thinned for an airbrush using http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001US2NQA/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o00_s00?ie=UTF8&psc=1 (liquitex airbrush medium) and once it is thinned it works great! The colors are very beautiful and still keep their color thinned out (50/50 and 25/75). They also mix well and with this set you could really create whatever shade of color you'd like! Well worth it! Plus you get so much paint is will last you a LONG LONG time especially if you're thinning it for airbrushing like I am!"
A few of the containers had broken seams. The paint in these 3 were dry.
Great basic paints.
Good price med. Body
Just arrived yay!!!
About 25% of the colors is very lumpy and dried in the tube. Would never buy this again.
"I bought these for my l3 year old granddaughter, she loves them."
"Liquitex paints are the best , but unless you enjoy painting rocks and canyons don't buy this. It comes with FIVE different shades of brown which is not very useful. As a set this is not a good value, 2 whites and 2 blacks would be much more useful then the odd 5 shades of Brown in this set."
Thanks for a wonderful product
Great starter set. Pretty big tubes
Great start for a beginner painter. Several colors at a good price. Basic is good paint .
Very good Buy. It arrived as stated. Perfect packaging. Colors excellent! I will purchase again.
My older son ordered this and I'm sure he is putting it to great use!
Great paint set for novice painter. The color selection is excellent and I haven't needed anything that wasn't in it. This is a nice set for starting out and to help you figure out which paints you want to buy in a bigger quantity.
Great array of colors to choose from.  Price is right and quality of paint is good.
"I bought this as a Christmas gift for my wife, and she loves it !"
Lovely set of paints
The best bargan yet!!!!
Quality product.
Very good buy.
"Recently got back into painting, so I picked this set up as it was on sale and I wanted the option of having the same color available for multiple sessions. Unfortunately now I know why it was on sale, I think. This paint brand doesn't seem to have the density of pigment I was expecting - the first paints I bought were Golden brand and so far are really nice, only requiring 1-2 coats to get a deep color. This set, at least for the colors I've used so far, have required 3-4 coats. Also some of them have come out of the tube clumpy, which I suppose could indicate they are old, but I don't know that much about paint. It's definitely not been a fun experience using them compared to the Golden ones.

If you're buying them for a younger artist who isn't very experienced, I'm sure they'd be fine, but if you're trying to be a serious artist I don't know that I'd recommend them, depending on your project."
Not bad for the set and starter artists.
"Simply fantastic. Would buy again in a heartbeat. Gives me all the colors I want, and some I didn't know I needed. The tubes are small, but I can buy bigger tubes to replace them at Blick's or Michaels."
Great value!  Love it!  Thanks Amazon!
This was a really nice set of paints for someone just learning.
Good paint as always
Nice set. Great colors
really small
Great set. Very pleased..  I have reordered 2 more times.
excellent
excellent
Such a beautiful array of colors
Very nice set looking forward to use it.
"excellent value, arrived fast!"
Good basic set for students to learn color mixing. Easy clean-up (water-based) and less expensive than oils.
Delivered on time and I am very happy with the quality of the product.
ok
Great!
Always good.
"For basic painting this is a nice set to own.  I actually was looking for the larger tubed set, but can't find the large box of student paints so I thought I would get this.  The price at my time of purchase was so very low I could not pass the offer up.  Although I can mix paints to get colors I want it is always nice to just open a tube.  As to them not being very saturated colors I don't worry I just put on other coats.  I just love the fact I have such a large selection of colors to help me create."
Great for painting minuratures for those on a budget.  I also use it for altering MTG cards.  BEST quality for cards!!!!
Always a good basic paint. The Black Friday deal made this a must buy for a crafty friend!
"I never use any acrylics other than Liquitex because their quality is so consistently high. This is a wonderful set-- the tubes are perhaps too small for painting on canvas, but for smaller detailed work (like painting details on clay) it is absolutely marvelous. I would recommend picking up a larger tube of black and white, as it will help you stretch the other colors further."
The paint set is great for beginners.  There are a lot of colors to choose from.  My daughter loves all the colors.
"Some were a little watery other a little chunky. The paint was inconsistent and the tubes make mixing hard, it isn't like you can mix it all and put it all back. Overall for a professional application I don't recommend it. For kids or for working in my art journal it is ok."
"The colors are nice, blend easily and are a good size to travel with.  However, the tops do not fit squarely once opened and I have to fit to get them to seat and seal properly.  I just keep them in a sealed plastic bag to minimize leaking and drying out.  Though I like the brand, I will probably go with another company or cap system next time."
good value
"Lots of colors, finely ground pigment"
good product
Very few things can be shipped to Puerto Rico from Amazon. I really needed these pains for my kids and didn't have a car in PR. I ordered these and within a few days they arrived with no problems. The postings were good quality for the art projects which included canvass painting.
nice colors and product
Excellent selection of colors.
5 Stars for color selections!
"Great set with a wide colour variety. Although most will need to buy large tubes of blacks, whites, etc, this is a great set for people like me who occasionally need colour, but use it sparingly & lean toward more neutral/muted tones.

Great value for the price. Much cheaper than Blick."
"Liquitex is the Cadillac of acrylic paint, bar none - tubes looked bigger in the pictures though, these are about finger sized tubes. Nrand new though at least."
little steep priced you can find better deals elsewhere
terrific value on basic set.  A staple for every artist.
"Lots of colors to choose from, few more than I needed in the end but fun to play with."
Good value.  Quality.  Solid true colors
Arrived on time.  Nice acrylic  paints.
I love these paints.  They are so creamy and mix so well.  I tried another brand one day when I ran out of one color and had some in my craft room.  They did not mix well with the Liquitex paints at all.  I will be staying with Liquitex.
"Very pleased! Wasn't sure if this would be a good purchase sight unseen, but very pleased!"
brilliant better than expected
These are very small tubes and container isn't so great
Great assortment of colors.
"Love these, especially now that they have switched to plastic tubes instead of metal.  Less chance tubes will break open when being rolled to get the last bits of paint out!"
given as gift
Not recommended. They do not blend well. I found this product hard to work with. They would be good for non serious artist.
"Just what do you want for $10.95? Even at Hobby lobby you can't do better. I am just a well talented amateur, but they are good enough for me at that price. Since i am an amateur and not a professional, these are good enough for me. If i was a professional and if i was trying to make a living painting, then I would undoubtedly use professional paints, but i am not. I paint for the sure pleasure. OK so you people who bitch at the drop of a hat, buy the professional paints and pay a hell lot more."
Acrylic in tubes. Pretty straight forward. Does exactly what it needs to do.
Very nice set of paints. Gave these as a gift and the artist loved them
Like the paing just not a lot in a tube
This paint is very good and it covers very well. I like the paint very much. The only reason I didn't give it 5 starts is because several of the tubes appear to be old and clumpy. The clumps are virtually impossible to remove no matter how long and well they are mixed. Therefore when certain colors are applied to the canvas the picture comes out with little clumps of paint. The price would be considered to be a very good price if all the tubes had fresh paint in them without so many clumps. I would have returned this item if I had not used so much of the good paint before I came across the tubes with clumps in them. My guess would be approximately half of the tubes have this bad consistency.
Bought 2 of these fro my teenage granddaughters for Christmas.  Great assortment of paint and they are both into art and both loved it.
Good item
"Great colors that mix well together. I used them and sold a painting for a couple hundred dollars.
Very pleased!"
Very nice set that I got as a lightening deal. Perfect if you paint miniature faces.
"Great size paints for our small projects, lots of colors and good quality. We painted something like 40 wooden ornaments and the paint worked great and we have more than 75% of the paint left. This was a great buy."
good!
"I love the colors that come in the set.  It offers me a lot of variety in my projects without having to constantly be mixing my own colors (which is always the most painful part for me).  That being said it doesn't cover as well as my other slightly more expensive paints, so I end up using more of it then I would the other brand, but I guess you get what you pay for.  For most projects, I believe these paints would meet your needs!"
"This was a Christmas gift for my artist daughter, and she absolutely loves it... arrived fast and in perfect condition. Great set of paints and colors."
It was a gift for my grand daughter and she was quite pleased.  She had put the set on her Amazon wish list and was quite taken than it was a more complete set of colors than she had originally thought.
"This is a very nice little paint set. I bought it to do a single 11""x14"" acrylic painting for a family member. It's just the right amount for a single painting and amazing quality at an affordable price!"
She loves them
"I don't see any problem with this paint, although I may return to report on the longevity. It's a smooth paint, and I've been using acrylic paints for many years. I tend to add a touch of water to my paints because of my preferred style and drying too fast hasn't been an issue. Also with other paints I have used I found it to get a little chunky as it did dry, but many artists already accept this if they dabble too long in one area with too much paint.
Pros:
  : bright colors
  : smooth texture out of the tube
  : the white and yellow colors are more opaque then other brands, GOOD.
  : nice sizes for the price

Cons:
  : gets slightly chunky as it begins to dry."
Nice!
I got this product as a gift and I love it! If you are a painter or a beginner these small tube goes a long way
"I just LOVE this! All the colors are just SO fabulous, vibrant, and beautiful!"
I bought this as a gift for my daughter who is a college art student and she was so excited and blown away by it the number of colors but quality were all excellent and met her high expectations
Great paints.
great set!
gave it to a family member that is a semi-professional artist. She loved all the colors to choose from and recognized the brand as high quality.
"A pleasure to look at all these colors in a box, small enough so there won't be a lot of dried tubes you cry over not using"
:)
I love this set of paints. I was painting some video game characters for my Hubby's B-Day and was very happy to find silver and gold in this set.
the variety of colors is fantastic for this price and the results are seen in my desert paintings.
Absolutely love it. Best purchase ever. Would highly recommend
"First, Liquitex is not the acrylic paint brand you'll want for your ""magnum opus."" For the rest of us hacks who slog through the art and craft world one dab or stroke at a time, this set gives you an array of colors you can use as is or mix. The tubes are not tiny and, for my buck, have an adequate quantity and are a better quality and take up a lot less space than those bottles of 99 cent craft paint. Consistency is thicker than craft paint but can be thinned with water. The box this set comes in is heavy enough and will last a while for storage. This is a great beginner's set of acrylics as well as the perfect ""fill-in""'set. I'd buy again."
Excellent. Vendor sent email after delivery to be sure I was satisfied
Love to paint
Love the color choices and the size.  Gods for kids use.
The tubes alone cost $4.99 each at Hobby Lobby so this is a great deal.
"They are Acrylic paints, not much to go wrong with them."
As promised
"I love Liquitex paints. They are of high quality. These are no exception. They were exactly what I needed to finish an art project I started a few weeks ago. I love this set in particular because it has 48 colors to work with without needing to mix colors in order to get them. I was able to replace all of my old acrylics, thank you Liquitex for creating an affordable large set of paints."
"Its a bit too thin, more like water colours than acrylics, but the colours are lovely."
"Got these on a lightning deal.  Thought I was getting the larger 4oz tubes and this would be a great deal, but they are 22 mL.  My own fault for not paying closer attention to the size.  All of my paints are fine and not dried out. Even sat outside overnight in freezing temps because the ups guy didn't ring the doorbell like usual."
"Great paints. Nice bold colors, and easy to clean."
"I love this paint, takes a bit of getting used to how thin it is.  Not a great paint for really getting that brush stroke look into your work."
"I wasn't expecting the tubes to be so small, but it was still perfect for what i needed it for. With pleanty to spare. I am NOT a painter and just wanted to make some ""just for fun"" art and these really helped."
"The paint was clumpy and old. Watered it down to try and fix it but still doesnt spread well. Wish I had a newer package, I normally like this paint"
"Package came in a timely manner. The paints are great, not too small and the color is great ! Would definitely recommend for the price."
This is a real basic level pack of acrylics.  Only order this if you are just starting
"I bought these for my artist daughter.  She is a professional but uses the ""basics"" for small works of art, or when she wants to paint something and doesn't want to use up her higher quality paints.
These are terrific studio paints and I would highly recommend these as a starter set for a young artist who wants to take their experimentation to another level.  I do not recommend them to inexperienced artists - Parents, don't waste your money on these if you have a child who likes to paint for craft or hobby because the tubes are small and chances are they will not know how to use them properly and end up going through them quickly.
But for an intermediate artist who is experimenting with color and composition, the selection of colors is fantastic and the texture and vibrancy will make their work vibrant and exciting.
This is an excellent brand and a great starter collection for any young artist.
They're also great for use with crafts and can be applied in a variety of ways."
Great product
Exactly what I wanted
I bought these for my daughter who is an art student and she loved them.
"Fast shipping, great selection of colors."
Purchased for my daughter.  She really loved it.
Nice color pallette
Very good
awesome!
nice paints
good price and great quality!
"More art supplies for my daughter.  Reasonable in price, and she loves using them."
I gave this a 2 because the paint is too thin and soes not cover well.
"It is great to have some many options to paint with, especially if you are a novice."
"Great paint, love it."
good overall set
I Liked i adicted
"Very sitasfied with this product, and everything as expected."
my granddaughter really enjoys painting and loved this gift
"Perfectly adequate paint set; low price, decent pigment."
One the tubes was dried up and useless.  Otherwise the rest were fine.
"The ""Primary Red"" is a discusting shade of dark bubble gum pink."
good buy
Great
"Christmas gift.  I hope it is well received.  Had good reviews and that is what I look for, is whether or not it got a good review.  Will let you know.  Good delivery and great packaging."
"Great paint quality, blends well, works excellent with water. Good basic/starter set. Arrived on time and in excellent condition."
Great paint.  Wonderful selection of colors.
Paint set is still going strong 2 years later. It's a great color assortment and the packaging is great too.
"Gave as gift, she loved these!"
"They are smaller than I thought, even though the size is listed, so it was my mistake that I needed more than what came in the package. good for a very small project"
I did not get the reaction I thought I would get form my daughter.  I am not a big art person like she is.
"Used these latex paints to mix with Pros-Aide medical grade adhesive for use with a Voldemort latex appliance (prosthetic). The variety and quality of these latex paints are amazing. They provided every color I needed and some that I didn't even know I needed. The quality of the pigments were wonderful as well, I would highly recommend this product."
Good starter kit
It is ok for a starter pack..has the significant colors I needed.
So so so excited to use these. I bought these mostly to paint my polymer clay crafts but the paint is such nice quality that I might do some paintings and mixed media projects as well. Highly recommend.
love it
had to send it back wasn't what I wanted
Granddaughter was thrilled when she received this set.  Makes Grandma thrilled too!
"This product is incredible. It has lasted me so long. There are so many colors to choose from! I also like how the box has a picture of every single color in it and the name, so I know what I am looking for once I open the box. Only downside is that once you find a color you love, you may need to buy more of that color."
A good selection of paints. As advertised. Using them already.
The color is really nice.
So happy with product and price
"I bought this for my boyfriend last year at Christmas. He's almost gone through the whole box, so I guess I'll have to buy another this year. He loves it! The small tubes are easy to carry when we travel, there's so much variety and he was super excited to receive paints of such high quality in nice packaging.

This box is great and he loves these paints. Five stars!"
"Haven't used acrylics for years so I bought this as a ""re-starter set"" and it's great! Lots of nice colours and great value for a quality brand. All tubes are about the size of a travel tube of toothpaste. The paints were consistently mixed and I had no issues with any of the paints I've tried so far (probably 8 colours or so?) Overall, great set!"
good
"Great for beginners. Love the variety of colors. Only thing is paint is not super opaque, but if you want opaque you have to pay for it. This is a really fair price for the quality that it is."
"Great product
Have always loved liquitex ."
"Excellent purchase for the money. I just began using acrylics, and this set of primary colors was just perfect for experimenting. I also get a lot of tips on using acrylics over the net. As a starter kit or not, you can't go wrong with this price."
Purchased as a graduation gift for my artistic niece along with other paints and supplies.  She's going to love it!
very fine quality paints with good selection of colors to choose from.
Great paint large selection
I love this paint set.  There are so many colors to play with. It's been fun painting again.
"I'm an artist by trade.  I've used these paints and others for many many years.  I was disappointed because the yellow
was old and dry in the tube.  It sure wasn't worth the hassle to return.  I purchased another yellow locally."
Works as expected.
"Delivered promptly.. description was honest, the package was pretty out of shape but all of the paint is there which is what counts! Thanks :)"
"I have used Basics for a long time. I usually buy individual tubes and I thought this option would be a good idea.
I was pretty bummed when I started using them. Less than half of the colors had a nice creamy texture. Two thirds of the colors came out lumpy and unmixable. I am so disappointed. I'm going back to individual tubes. this was kind of a waste of money, which I do not have a lot of. :("
"Very fast shipping, nothing broken or damaged.  The colors where all jumbled once I opended the basics box lid but, the bottom half was all wrapped with plastic so nothing would have come loose. I can tell these where never used or opened, they where in the original sealed packaging.  I was worried at first glance many tubes look like the same color from a distance but up close you can clearly see each color is different. There are no duplicates at all.  I opened each tube they all look great,  bright rich colors,  no dried up colors,  no half empty tubes.  These are great size. I have used these before so I know the quality is there.  I will buy again, next time the 48 piece set.  These are larger tubes about 3 inches long and inch or so wide.  5 stars 

Update 1/10/16.  Still love these paints!"
"This is a great box of colors and I use them for doing all kinds of projects.  I use these for nail art, water colors, and anything I want to add a touch of fun and whimsy.  These are very concentrated colors so a little goes a long way."
allot of paint for your money
Perfect size to get started
Nice variety of colors. Good starter kit for new artists.
I have to say it's ok but I still love basics paint
Good assortment of colors and paint quality is good.
Bought these for my girlfriend and she painted awesome stuff on canvas.  Great quality.
"Nice paint , real nice price"
"coverage a bit light, otherwise very good paints."
Amazing amount of varying colors. Quick shipping!
"nice colors, good quality, works great, just to few paint"
"I'm an amateur who loves to play with color.  With the three primary colors, plus black and white, there is plenty of room for experimenting.  I would prefer a burnt sienna to the green which is the sixth tube included as brown is hard to blend.  The tubes are nice and large, which allows me to save my set of smaller tubes for when I travel."
"good service, quality merchandise"
"Pretty good quality, I think."
"I bought this over a year ago.  Haven't opened the package yet, but it looks nice."
"Most paint worked fine except the blue tube, which game all gunned up and dry. Kind of pissed at that
 Other than that's it's fine."
nice price and product. a nice array of colors.
Great set for beginners. Bright colors.
"A wonderful assortment of my favorite acrylic paints. I use these on polymer clay figurines, and the colors come out stunning. Like all acrylic paint, it can chip when dry, so consider protecting your art with a sealer."
"Liquitex is a nice, easy to use brand of artists paints. Great value in this kit."
Great all around acrylic paints at any price. As good as Royal Talens Amsterdam and the Sennelier acrylic paints --- my first preferences.
Great pricing!
"Great for me as a seasoned artist.
This set has prevented waste since I only put a pea-size drop on my pan of each color I need. I'm a big fan of acrylic over oil (due to no smell and easy cleanup) and the product is very good. Excellent bargain."
LOVE BASICS!!!
Great paint set. Would buy again.
Just what I needed! I love the variety of colors.
"A little thicker than most acrylic I buy, may need some watering down. Otherwise good."
"These larger tubes allow your inner expressionist to explore and experiment.  My son had a blast using these (in many combinations) to illustrate his history project.

white, black, red, yellow, blue, green"
These paints  can really paint.  Who knew?  The only caveat is they're really small and run out easily.  Especially your basic colors.
Good nice
nice
Wonderful colors and good quality paints.
My daughter loves it
Some of the colors were dried out!
"The variety of colors and the richness, they have awesome pigment in them. This would make a perfect present too for that someone that loves art."
I've used other acrylic paints and these are great quality. There's no funny chemical smell unlike with other acrylic paint that comes in a tube. It's thick and has to be diluted a little with water but you don't have to if you'd rather use it thick.  I did find that I had to paint a few coats to get an opaque coat so it may be worth your while to prime your canvas or whatever you're painting to paint fewer coats.  The other thing I noticed is that I had hairline cracks in the paint after my painting was exposed to heat (90+ degrees Fahrenheit).  This was a result of me moving this past May and it was in a storage unit that was not temperature regulated.  You would never notice unless you had a light source behind the painting. I held my painting up to the light and noticed them but with it hanging on the wall you would never know.
"Took on a family vacation and each family painted a personal souvenir, plenty of paints for everyone , easy clean up and plenty to take home."
"Good stuff: the colors on the tube are the colors in the tube. These acrylics cover a primed figure well. I carve wildlife: ducks, fish, eagles, etc, and Liquitex acrylics cover a gessu primed figure well. They also mix true."
Just what I needed
Happy with them
This was a great value buy.
I like it
"First time painted with acrylics on a cotton canvas (9x12 by Art Alternatives). Very pleased as the painting turned out really well. 36 colors are great, only very few times had to mix with white. May be I will buy a white extra, as I am a beginner and need to redo at lot of places. But the colors are very nice, smooth and clear."
very nice starter set for us to paint birdhouses.
"Some of the tubes of paint are so hard, they will not come out of the containers!"
great paints
These paints are great fun and make arriving at consistent colors between sessions easy.
the best price out there for this product.
Great assortment of colors.  No problems with packaging.
"Great Xmas gift to give. G/f loved it and painted some amazing art. I know nothing of art, but she does; and said this is a very good set!"
Good paint and good value
Loved them
"Great value basics with wonderful range of colors.  Means I don't have to do as much color mixing if I don't want to.
I disagree with the one star review, I found they last well and cover the canvas better than I was expecting.  I've just got my daughter into painting and splashed out on some great new brushes for her, also off Amazon (bit.ly/QualityBrushes), so finding acrylics that are affordable, that she can experiment with, but still look great was important to me."
"This is a great starter kit for those looking to get into painting. I love Liquitex as a brand but prefer their other acrylic paints to this particular kit. This is a great kit for building the foundations of painting but again, the opacity of the paint itself is a peeve of mine. The pigment saturation doesn't compare with their other products.
Again they do say it is BASIC. Which in and of itself is a great description. Great for crafts or learning. Probably not the best for the serious or skilled painter."
Don't like the quality
Excellent
Fast shipping and was packaged well. I love the colors and the pricing :D
"great, true, saturated colors with an excellent variety"
"worked just as I hoped that it would, thanks all"
Great price!
"LOVE this set, just wish the would have gave you more whites, than blacks... but other than that I say this is a really good product,"
Good quality for the price.
Very good product. I am satisfied with it. Recommend it to others!
They are what is to be expected in student or basic grade paints... thin pigmentation.
big and economic.
This is essential for any painter. Great quality at an even better price!
I've died and gone to Heaven=o)
"If your are looking for a way to jumpstart your acrylic paintbox, this is it.  36 tubes gives you a terrific range of hues. The tubes are small, so this is more of a sampler than anything else - use it to test the colors, find your favorites, then buy full sized tubes of the ones you like best!  Liquitex colors have a nice, buttery texture out of the tube, with excellent coverage.
Tip: since the tubes are small, I'd recommend buying larger tubes (or jars) of white and black to supplement this set, as well as a few jars of acrylic media, like Gloss Medium, Matte Medium, and Gesso."
"Paints are not good, ..will not cover canvas and hard to paint with...."
Decent paint. Easy to use on canvas
Great brand professional acrylic paint!
lots of paint but not great quality
Iv used this paint since I started painting class in Highschool. It's a great brand and covers nice. Perfect for a painting but sadly might just have enough paint to do a few.  The tubes are very small like half the length of my iPhone. It's good for a few paintings but that's it. And you can't be too heavy or depend on one color. Perfect for people who paint on small canvas for fun every now and then like me.
"Love these!  They're perfect for a starting kit or someone who only uses acrylics a little bit, since the tubes are small, but the paint is good quality and the shipping is excellent."
great set thanks
"when it dries it looks and feels clumpy. very thick stuff, but you can make it work with a little water. it's safe on bjd's, doesn't stain resin."
Three of the six tubes of paint were so dried out that I can't even get them out of the tubes!  Awful!
"Great set of paints. Seem a little ""watered down"" but they work well if you layer the color or use more than you would normally. I like the color range available for the price and being kind of ""watered down"" allows for easy blending and flow."
This is my favorite brand of paint.  I love the color selection of this kit and the price is very reasonable for the amount of paint you receive.  I'm very pleased!
Love it
I love my acrylic paint.
Just what the artist needed
The tubes of paint are small but you get a good range of colors
"Every color you could ever want! I LOVE this set. I paint with these paints constantly. Great quality, awesome color selection. Great starter set!"
Great paint. Good basic set for a starter or more advanced painter.
Perfect! Arrived quickly - Exactly as described!
"Loved my paints, they're perfect. Just what I needed."
"Awesome set for price. Great for starting out, seeing what colors you like and expanding further."
Dried up paint is what is in the tubes. It is not clearly marked that it is dried up.
"Liquitex is one of the top paint brands out there.
The ""Basics"" sets tend to be of a mediocre quality. This makes the paint very affordable and great for beginners.
The paint will be much lighter though. The Basics sets are supposed to be light in color.
If you want heavier paint, don't expect it on a price like this. Thicker paint is much more expensive."
"Great, using them already."
i am a beginner artist and appreciate the price and quality of the paints.  first foray into acrylics and enjoy greatly thus far.
"Awful, half the paint tubes were as hard as clay, I reterned them. DO NOT PURCHASE"
Great set for the price
Nice set with a wide range of colours in tubes that are small enough to be portable
This paint works very well for my plastic miniatures. This is the second set I've purchased.
"Great price, awesome paints, the pigments are fantastic, really nice range of colours, they mix well and are actually bigger than I expected.  Will take me some time to use all these up, would definitely recommend for the amateur/beginner painter."
Really good set. Good colors and generous size.
gift
"I'm very happy with this purchase. The paints are good quality- not too thick, not too thin."
Great great great
My life is much more colorful. These have a great opacity to them. Really fun to work with.
"Decent quantities for the money, finally. I enjoyed the Acyylic medium waaay back in jr.college. Has a lot of practical usage on top of it e.g. dressing up home furnishings, personalizing, creating art on, and so on. I feel this is a fair value. It will keep me going for a really long time. Fledgling artist acrylic will do you well colours are mixable to create varying hues and shades-beyond your imagination. Do it.! Easy clean ups too..."
"I don't know much about paint and We are using these for arts and crafts.
But these are excellent for us!  It takes just a BIT of paint to cover most things (unless it's a light color).
We use gesso to save on our acrylic paints.
Lots of colors available.
The tubes are 22ml but we also bought the large tubes of primary colors to help when we need more colors.
If you are a painter ..... This may be considered sample sizes ???.  These will not last long if you paint often."
"This is good acrylic paint for the money. Even though it is made in China like everything else. Just about everything i have is made in China, but myself!"
"When I first started painting, I learned on Liquitex, and I learned there was a basic handful of colours to always have on hand - any other colour could be mixed from these basic colours. This 48-tube set is a bonus - basic colours, PLUS! I purchased it as a gift, but knew it was going to be well-worth it to the recipient. And it was."
"I love the quality of the paints. They spread very nicely, smooth with no clumps, and they dry to a nice shiny plastic like most cheaper quality acrylics, and they don't dry too quickly either. The colors blend very well, and this set includes almost all the necessary colors. The only problem I had was with the red. It's not a primary red. It's more of a carnation pink. I had to go to a michaels and I bought Basic's ""cadmian deep red."" I could recommend that or Basic's regular ""cadmian red."" They're truer shades of red. Other than that though, the size of the bottles is good and the other colors were perfect."
"Lots of colores, bigger tubes than I had thought they would be so that was a plus. Overall I am pleased."
I pick the colors I need.  Put them around the edge of a Styrofoam plate --- put the white in the middle and have a glorious good time.
"I received these paints in a timely manner, and because everything else I've bought on Amazon has been great, I discarded my receipt before I opened the actual tubes of paint.  I bought 2 packs of these paints and all 12 tubes were dried up upon opening them.  Unfortunately, I cannot return them.  My advice is to check this product before discarding the receipt!"
"Liquitex is by far one of my favorite paint brands. The paint is expensive,but it is well worth. The color is bright and long lasting and mixes very well."
"I am not an artist. I have begun painting for fun. This means that I am no expert when it comes to paints or painting.. but these colors are deep and rich, they mix easily and dry quickly. They also clean up quickly and easily. I recommend them heartily!"
This is great for any beginner wanting to test out acrylics. I wish the tubes were bigger though! My titanium white tube in the set  looks a bit yellow toned compared to the full bottle I bought at Michael's Arts and Crafts Store.
Awesome for artists at any level. I love this brand. I have used them for years.  I got this so I could work with my kids.
AMAZING! I had wanted this set for such a long time but at a $70 price tag.. I had to put it off. Not only is it half that but it was at my door in TWO days.  I LOVE BLICK!!!
"The paints must have been very old.  None of them would open easily, and three of them when finally opened were too hard and dried up to use.  Very disappointing.  I would have returned them but my husband, after waiting for these paints to arrive so he could start to use them, got angry and threw two of them away immediately.  He will continue to use the rest as well as he can."
Excellent student grade paint. Great package price compared to local store.  Also good for budget minded artists who are practicing a new technique or for background work.
"Wide selection of colors, 48 of them. Great price for what you are getting. The paint is fresh and well packaged. The item arrived in a timely manner. The paints are very enjoyable to use for a variety of projects."
"Decent sized tubes, but I wish they were bigger/I wish there was more paint, but I guess you get what you pay for. The quality of the paint is nice."
"Paint and more paint and more paint and more paint and more paint and more paint and gold paint and silver paint!
Kinda small, but a good start!"
"THIS PAINT ABSOLUTELY SUCKS!  IT'S SUPPOSED TO BE ACRYLIC BUT IS GREASY. WON'T DOES NOT GLIDE ON SMOOTHLY.  THERE'S NO USING TWO COATS BECAUSE THE FIRST DOESN'T COVER, TO BEGIN WITH.  HOW DO I GET A REFUND ON THIS CRAP?

FEBRUARY 2018: The seller never bothered to make things right."
"this is a good starter set for an artist, it would be better if the tubes were a bit larger especially the white because you tend to use a lot of the white and run out of it faster.  All in all this is a great set to have to begin with."
"The liquitex basics set includes all the colors you need to successfully make and mix any other color in your dreams, while the other sets are perfect for getting that exact shade or hue this is an excellent set to start with and the price is cheaper than what's in stores! Overall a great starter paint set, and unlike some other purchasers my blue paint was wet and functional albeit a bit thicker than the other paints."
"These paints offer bright, vivid colors. You get a very impressive array of colors to work with. I bought this for my sister, who is an artist, for Christmas and she has been extremely pleased with them. Currently this set of 48 paints is selling for $41.76 with free shipping. That works out to exactly $0.87 per tube of paint! You will not find a better deal anywhere. If you want a fantastic set of high quality acrylic paints get this and you won't be sorry."
"Just got them and so far so good. Smooth paint, haven't been sitting on shelf a long time. I think they will be just fine."
plentiful colors! vibrant and beautiful too! (: will be buying again once I run out of this. Makes my products look more awesome than they already are!(:
"These are exactly what I needed for my art projects, I love the colors and they are easy to blend."
"At first I thought that I was going to receive a set of paints that didn't have that much in the tube, but boy was I wrong. There is plenty paint for you to use, especially if you are creating smaller 8x10 canvas.

If you are using a larger painting canvas you might want to try some other liquitex product that has more paint."
I used these paints in my high school art class and fell in love. I love them for a few reasons. They are great quality. When the paints dry they come off with a shine to them. It looks really nice on canvas. I also like how fast they dry. You can paint on paint of the canvas and have it dry by the time you finish the next color. There is also a nice variety of colors and they work perfect for mixing colors. I would definitely record these to every artist out there.
"Consistency of colors is great. Tubes are quite big and will last for long.
Just right to start off with all the six basic colors."
My son absolutely loved this set.  I received the product a lot faster than expected.  The product was as described in the picture.  I will purchase again.  Thank you :)
"I love the great variety of colors, they really are working out well for my little backyard wildlife art projects."
"As far as a set of acrylic paint goes, this was a great one!  Plenty of paint for awhile. I will buy more!"
"I started the hobby of painting pewter miniatures for D&D, and these paints work excellently! There is a wide color range in the box, and if those aren't enough, it's not difficult to mix to get the color you're looking for. If you want to use these paints for pewter miniatures, I suggest that you also get an eye dropper to dilute the paints with a bit of water, a simply paint pallet, and some decent quality detail brushes. Also, don't forget to brush off your pewter miniatures first, to get any remains from the mold that cast them off (I suggest an old toothbrush) and don't forget to prime them. Flat black or white spray paints tend to work well."
"This is a lot of paint!  There is almost every color you could think of and if you mix paints for color, the possibilities are endless.
  The packaging is great too.  The box is really sturdy so I'm keeping the paints in the box when not in use.  The tubes are packed in the box on trays (kinda flimsy), but the colors are grouped so you can pull out the tray of blue/purples or white/black/gray or red/pink/oranges or green/yellow/brown to use.  I pull out the tray for the color palette I want and leave the rest in the box until I need them.  It is a really nice set of paints for a beginner.
  The only thing I can think of that would improve it is to ditch a couple of the lesser used colors (like gray) for more white.  I go through white like crazy and there is only one tube of titanium white in the box.  I've had to buy more white, but the other colors are lasting a very long time.
  If you are starting to paint and don't already have paints...  you must get this.  As you learn what colors you use the most, you can replace individual colors, but to buy all these paints individually would be very expensive and I'm finding that besides white, many of the colors I thought I would use more are not the actual colors I'm using."
"not enough quanity in tubes, my fault, Hare Krishna-Hare Rama!! Please attend your local ISKCON Temple program!! All Glories To Srila Prabhupada!"
We ordered for our nephew.  The first day that rolled along after receiving had him on his patio using the palette to pain a masterpiece.
Great paints! Love the variety in colors! Shipping was as expected. The case is practical for storage. I use these for all my projects!
"I like to have a variety of paints without purchasing the full size bottle, especially if I just want to try out a new color. I usually end up buying full size bottles of the colors I really love.
I recommend this kit to artists who like to have a variety but also don't want to break the bank.
Since I frequently move, sometimes moving companies refuse to ship paints when its time to relocate - the tubes in this kit are small enough I can use all the paint before I move and won't cry about tossing full size bottles in the trash."
"I bought these to paint my polymer minis. The colors are vibrant and easy to work with, and I especially love the metallics in this set. These are very inexpensive compared to pro-grade acrylics, and the difference might be obvious to a more experienced painter, but for a casual painter like me this is a great set."
After reading some of the reviews by other shoppers I was afraid this would be cheap paint that wouldn't perform well. Wow! I am glad I did not pay attention to some of the reviewers because I am delighted with the colors and the quality of these paints. I thought the tubes would be a lot smaller but they are larger than I thought which gives me delight also.  I highly recommend this basic color kit of 48 colors for those of you who are wanting to get into acrylic painting.  I have been an oil painter for a few years and I bought this kit so I could start learning to use acrylics for my landscapes.  I highly recommend these paints. I will be ordering this brand in the future as I run out of these small tubes. This kit gives you enough to complete several projects.
"A little pricey, but great quality and colors.  I recently started to paint again and find these acrylic paints fantastic.  Even my husband has decided to paint again.  Thank you!"
"great assortment of colors and the tubes are of a good size too.  definitely a money saver to buy this multipack.  would get again.
:-)"
"Nice starter set, tubes are not very big but for the price they are a value. Really nice set would recommend it to anyone"
I use these paints for nail art and they last forever. I needed to replace my set that I have had for over 10 years.
Great range of colors & tubes just the right size - I'll probably use them all before they dry up!
"I ordered this after returning the Royal & Langnickel 104-Piece All Media Easel Artist Set due to damaged items on the inside. I was very happy with the quality of the item. This holds up well to shipping, and the paints were fresh and easy to use."
Most liquitex products are over priced but I have to say that this selection is greatly priced for the amount of tubes you get in the box. I would recommend this over 1 tube at a time.
"Used this brand for years, highly pigmented, great price on the full set.  Will continue to use and buy this brand hopefully for years to come."
For the price this is a very nice set of paints.  Liquitex has always been a great all around paint.  There are colors that are unique and would be hard to get by mixing other paints together.  Overall very pleased with the set.
"I have always loved Liquitex acrylic paint. They have the brightest, sharpest colors! This is a good value for the basic color set."
"Great coverage with the white color, the yellow was not as strong had to go over several times and could not get the results i wanted, above all it's okay and works better depending on your use"
"The blue is amazingly strong and clear, however the other colors sometimes require multiple coats to have the same vibrance.  Otherwise the price and the paint is great."
This is a great set! A perfect variety in generous sizes. My daughter was elated and uses them often. Most of the colors she's needed are in there.
Be careful! The product must be toxic with the strong odor which makes me dizzy. I have to wear mask and goggles when I try to apply them otherwise my eyes will feel burnt!
"I was very satisfied with this paint. Only one tube was very thick with lumps. I just started painting and the variety of colors is great. My first painting turned out  well due to the fact  I didn't have to spend too much time mixing to get the colors I needed. Of course, I will need to learn color blending but for now to keep me interested these paints were a great help.
I will buy these again."
"This is a very nice set of acrylic paint.  I am not a beginner, nor am I a master.  The tubes are huge, which is nice, I can paint a lot of pictures and stuff with this set.  The black color was open when it came in the mail, but nothing had leaked out, and the paint was not dried up or anything, just a faulty cap I think.  The colors are nice, and most important- usable.  The paint has great texture, and works great thinned with water, or by itself.  The colors are medium opacity, I think.  I would definitely recommend this set, and will buy again."
"We go thru a lot of paint in our business, and this is perhaps the best set to get. The acrylics work wonderfully and i couldn't be happier with the product. Ill be using Liquitex from now on for every application."
"Soo many options! I've created a wonderful image on a piece of furniture with this then just used some spray on sealant to keep it all looking well for a long time.

Four tiers of colors and too many ideas!"
"WE have ordered this product a number of times.  The last two times, each of the four tubes that were metallic paint arrived
quite hard and near impossible to squeeze out.  I've tried to call twice and left a request for a return call.  Meanwhile, not sure if
I should return the defective product or wait for a response, or...  Please advise.  Thank you.  Frank Ashcroft"
"At first I was concerned with the size I might get because they are so many tubes. But the size is right, at least for me. I am starting to warm up painting after so long. This set is good for that  purpose. I bought a larger tube of white afterwards. White is used a lot and you can run out soon."
I love these paints. They mix very well and are very vibrant. They also apply very well to canvas and paper.
"This set is a great addition to any artist's collection. The sheer amount of colors in this set is probably more than you'll ever use, but in emergencies it's good to have this set just in case. The amount of paint in each tube is very generous, however if you paint frequently I wouldn't depend on the amount in these tubes to hold you off for very long on colors you use all the time.

I mainly use this set as a gap filler for colors that I use frequently. It saves me time, so I don't have to mix paints that I only sparingly use.

I'd totally recommend this set to anyone."
"For anyone starting out, and even for the advanced painter, this set of acrylics is great. An excellent set of colors for any project and projects."
I was so excited for all of these colors! What a terrible mistake :( The paint has very little pigment and looks streaky and translucent when you use it. The colors don't mix well. My paintings come out looking terrible. I cant even use the paint because it's that bad.
Love these. They are very.  They were a gift for my aunt who is a painter and she was bowled over by just how professional they were.  She's excited about using them.
Most of the colors were alright but the yellow was incredibly watery and runny. It made blending with it extremely difficult.
This set should be $7 at most. Not very much paint at all. I thought this was the 118 ML set because of the similarity in price between the two.
"This is the first time I have worked with acrylic paint.  I painted a nice farm picture with it the first try.  I was a little disappointed that the paint is rather transparent when applying a light color over a dark color.  Maybe I am doing something wrong or maybe I need to buy pro paint to get the opaque coverage.  Anyway, keep in mind that you need to work from light to dark as much as possible with this paint.  The color selection is good.  There is plenty of paint in each tube.  I think these are real nice for the money."
This was the perfect Christmas gift for our daughter.  She is starting to learn how to paint and it was such a bargain to get so many colors for her at a great price.
Perfect starter set for my budding artist daughter and her want to have every paint color in the world! Fantastic delivery
"When I was debating what sort of paint I would settle on to experiment around with acrylics, and I saw that this liquiitex was the most bang for my buck. I've read the reviews about some people receiving their blue paint dried, and I dreaded that may happen.  My blue paint did indeed arrive dry, but I contacted national artcraft and told them about my problem and they fixed it right up and promptly sent me a new working tube of blue paint!  I'm pretty happy and satisfied with my purchase and that they made everything right, excellent service !"
IAnxious to start class.  I want to learn to use acrylics vs oil and this was a very nice combination of colors. Should give me a wide variety of color.
"I personally avoid Basics paint as only student grade, but this sampler of 48 different colors at about $1 each is the perfect starter kit.  Lots of colors, lots of choices to begin submersion into painting"
great price for such  great variety of colours. I am very pleased with the quality of paints and cannot beat that amazon price
My daughter loves to paint so I knew this was going to be a great gift for her.  She was very happy when she received it.
"The paints them selves are good quality don't get me wrong, it's just they are very little tubes for a big price, probably better of just going to an art store to get them...the paints are good quality tho....just all together find an art store to by them...they will be cheaper...i"
Item exactly as described and perfect :-) I am very pleased with my purchase and would reccommend this item to others.
This brand is excellent.  The paint went on well and dried quickly.  I would highly recommend this paint to anyone looking for a reasonably priced acrylic.  The color was exactly what we were looking for.
"Before I bought these paints, I read all the reviews and most of them seemed pretty positive. And they should be! These paints are wonderful! But I was curious as to why some people gave them 1 or 2 stars, and had complaints. So, I read those low-scored reviews and here is what I saw. The negative reviews all addressed the same issues: they said that the paint was thin, watery, transparent; they said the colors were not rich; they said that the tube was not filled all the way; they said that the paint squirted out upon opening the tube. This told me a lot, so I ordered the paints and knew what to do. Just do this when you get your set-- shake the tube of paint before opening it!!! The tube is not filled all the way full because it needs room for the paint to blend when you shake it! Acrylic paint, as do all paints, separate when left still for awhile. So, before you twist off the cap of the tube, shake it firmly for several seconds. The ""empty"" space in the tube will allow for the paint to blend as you shake it. Then, hold the tube with the cap upright and then twist the cap off. The paint will not squirt out or splatter. The paints are rich and creamy with vibrant colors! They cover with one brush stroke. And, they blend beautifully together when you use more than one color while they are still wet. Plus, you only need to use a small dollop--not a lot--for the paint to go a long way. I am going to get another set for myself, even though I just now started using this one, and I am going to get one for my boyfriend, too. They will work wonderfully in his airbrush, as well as traditional paint brushes. Don't be scared off by negative reviews. Just shake the tube before using!!"
"loved the colors, they are fresh,
the price was right too, will shop for them again on amazon for sure"
There is a wonderful array of colors in this kit to use for painting and crafting. The price was very reasonable as well.
"I am pleased with the paint and the assortment of colors supplied in this box of paint. I have used liquitex before and was pleased with the results. As I am but  a novice at painting , there are probably better paints out there, but these suit my modest needs. I like them and they work well for me."
"I'm just starting to learn acrylic painting and this set is perfect. It has all the colors necessary to mix up any color you could want. You really don't need anything other than what is here. If bought separately, these paints would cost around $50, so this price is a great value."
"This is a good basic set of acrylics. The colors are a good starting point - there are enough variations that you can extend the color palette by mixing your own custom colors. The tubes are quite small, as others have noted, but with some glazing medium you can extend these a long way, and make them very smooth.

If you are looking for a basic set to get you started in acrylic paint, or just want a range of colors on hand for mixed-media work, this is perfect. I've always found all of Liquitex's range to bright and saturated and smooth paints."
"This is a great selection of colors of acrylic paint. I wasn't very good at math in school and I did not understand that these are small tubes. If you are expecting to paint large canvases, you will need to order two or three of these to have enough of each color. If you are painting smaller canvases under a foot square, then this is perfect!"
This is Exactly what I expected. I will buy another set when I get low. I'm very content with this product.
"I bought this product a while ago (maybe 1.5-2yrs?), and though the individual tubes of paint are on the small side, I love the range of colors included in the set.  It allows one to get an idea of what colors they use, and like to use, the most.  I also gave this set to a friend of mine, and she too loved the range of colors offered in the set."
I have no experience yet.  I plan to paint some aluminum roses I found on Instructables but the paints are in a drawer now
I rated these paints a three as they are thick and dry out fast. These paints need to be thinned with acrylic flow improver then they are very good.
"It was a good choice, I needed. It was neat and organize in a big box, I wish you will continue to do so.."
"Thank you I love it. It was helpful to me as an extra set of colored tubes, and I like the quality.."
"Price was reasonable, quick and easy delivery, no problems at all. Basics is a great company and I was thrilled to find a good set of colors for this cheap. Will recommend."
"I think it's a great Starter Kit, but as I am painting more and more, I'm finding that buying bottles is more economical."
"A GREAT selection of colors! I expected little tubes of paint, but these are almost full size. I like it so much that I'll be ordering again when the time comes, and recommending this collection whenever I can. A wonderful deal for crafters!"
not very strongly pigmented as most other acrylics out there. You tend to have to use layer after layer to achieve the advertised color and by then the canvas/paper is wearing down.
"These arrived quickly. Purchased on a Lightning Deal, these were a great bargain for the price. Tubes are decent sized--enough to get several paintings out of. Quality of paint is a step up from what we were using, so we're happy. Range of colors is decent as well. No complaints."
"Bought canvases. My buddy is just learning to paint.  Kept him occupied.
It would be nice if one could paint a few still life's and apply oneself for the effort and cost involved.
don't buy these for a kid that is just going to finger paint or something.  Other paints are available."
They are AMAZING paints the tubes are pretty big for coming in a set this large. I say it is definitely WORTH you money!!
"Nice starter set for doing a Plein Air type of painting, great selection and variety, and good quality.  Thought it was a decent buy as well."
"I needed some of the colors not all.  But, this has been a purchase that I do not regret.  I have gone to two local hobby stores and for tubes just slightly larger than these run between $9.99 and $14.00 each some were even $25.00.  So this is a lot of bang for you buck.  The tubes are easy to use and I am painting again.  Have never used tubes before but this is what I will purchase form now on."
good paint's fair price - for a beginning painter this works well and at 1/3 less than in local shop.
The variety of this set is just what I needed in the course of my newly found media. Great item. Super seller.
"great price , starter kit basic colors to get creative cheaper than art supply store , nnot my favorite brand but its good for students or extra paint"
"I highly recommend this set for anyone who doesn't want to spend alot of time and wasted paint on blending.  The shades in this set are wonderful.  If you add your own titanium white, the possibilities are endless.  I find blending from the basic 5 color set takes alot of time and I end up wasting paint due to guessing issues.  This 48 color set takes the guesswork out of the equation and gives me more time to actually paint!  Love the Liquitex line of paints as well.  My only issue is that Amazon continually changes the price of this item.  One minute it's 35 bucks the next it's 48.  I do seem to notice that the price correlates with the quantity on hand.  So, if you're on a budget, put this on your wish list until the price comes down to the mid 30's.  I've purchased a few of these and they are definately worth the $1/tube pricing...but why pay more if you don't have to?!?!?"
"I cannot stop raving about these paints.  The size is much larger than you'd expect for the price on this set.  You get alot of paint for your money!  The quality is smooth, consistant, and seems to have a rich pigment.  I have purchased several of these sets and will continue to do so.  The color range is unlimited when you start with the basics!  My only suggestion would be to have the titanium white be a larger tube.  But if you purchase another titanium white tube when ordering this, you will have enough project possibilities to last quite awhile!"
Had never used Acrylic paint but wanted to. So i bought this for a small project. Enjoyed it so much will probably buy more.
"People have wrote about these tubes being so small, well the description did not say they were 2 liters.  Each tube is almost an ounce .74 to be exact.  There is plenty to do a few small projects.  The colors are true (to my standards) and the consistency is relatively thick."
"Awesome paints. Great box of acrylic paints in all colors. They work great on kids art projects, dough ornaments, etc.."
"I was so glad to find this on sale, when I baught it. It gives me  greater veriaty when painting or airbrushing."
"This set has many, many variety of colors.  The flow seemed to be excellent out of the tube  therefore I was able to paint the most beautiful pictures."
This was a gift for my mom who paints. She likes the quality of these paints and enjoys using them.
Great selection for the beginner or the experienced painter or craft person.  Have used the paints in many ways since I received them.
I love this. I spent far less on ALL of this paint than I would have at a local art store on 12-20 tubes. I probably will never buy this anywhere else. Thanks Amazon.
I am new to using acrylic paints and wanted to get a set that would provide me a variety as well as last awhile. I have to say the quality of the paint seems really great and I love the variety it offers. Being overseas I don't have many options for things like this. I highly recommend it for aspiring artists or home crafters like me.
"Purchased as a gift.
The paint is great, and a few of my artistic friends recommend, but..... I thought i was getting a deal, which turned out not to be the greatest.

You win you lose.

Good product, bad price.
$20.00

Thanks
Bucky Wilson
[...]"
"I'm just getting into acrylic painting, and this set is a great starter.  Unlike some large-count paint sets, this one has 48 different colors, some separated into useful triads (base color, highlight, shadow) -- for comparison, a set of 36 from a different manufacturer that was gifted to me had 3 or 4 each of only a dozen different colors.  The paints are a bit on the thick side, especially compared to the ones that come in a bottle, and they mix easily with water and each other.  All of the tubes were in the same good condition.  Highly recommended."
"We like this paint. The quality is good, and the price is reasonable. There are many colors in this collection. We augment it with larger tubes of commonly used colors."
"The yellow isn't as thick as the others which means you go through a lot of it but other than that, it's awesome."
I love the colors in this 48 paint those paints are bright and it runs smoothe on my canvas i love using it
"Great set of colors for the price!!! Great selection of colors, descent size tubes, great off colors and mid tones."
Excellent value!!!!!! My girlfriend loves to paint. She uses the basics paints. I went to my local art store and these paints are VERY expensive. This is a GREAT set with a ton of colors to very little mixing needed.
"Excellent paint, thick and yet not clumpy and also covers very well. Shipped quickly and delivered on time and with more than adequate packaging. Price was good and the bottles are FULL of paint and not half way like other companies do."
The packaging of the paint was sealed and boxed to ensure that I knew it was a brand new. The bottle size of the paint was exactly what I bought. I've used this brand of paint for acrylic for awhile now with no problem on mixing and on mixed media. Thanks once again for the great buy.
This was a gift for a family member.  The paint came on time and was in perfect shape.  She was blown away with it.
These paints are a real bargain.  The color assortment is really nice and there are even metallics included.  My daughters are incouraged to get the BASICS brand of acrylic color for their college art class.
"This is a good product but I believe, considering the small size of the indivudual tubes, that the price is a little high."
I gave this set as a Christmas gift.  The person who received it said it is a very good set.  She especially likes that the tubes are clearly marked.
"Happy with the paints, but wished I had waited on buying these as I could have purchased them cheaper on sale 3 for $10. at a local craft store.  But for online shopping this was a god deal and kept me inside warm doing Christmas shopping."
My kids and nieces go through these all the time.  They love them and do lots of art work!  Can't beat them!
Received the paint in a timely manner and it was in great shape.  This is for my granddaughter.  She is a budding artist.  Will be ordering more.  Happy New Year!
basics always a good choice. this is a great value for the price. great for new students and advanced artists.
"Paints blend together perfectly these paints where not to thick or to thin. The amount of paint shown was a little off but still just enough. If you are a painter who just started there career these are the paints to get. Primary colors, black, white , and green are the perfect colors for a beginner to start off with so they can figure out how to blend colors together correctly. I give this set and the brand basics a thumbs up."
"I bought this for my wife the artist, she was blown away. this has EVERYTHING you will need. and the price is unbeatable."
"My daughter is an excellent artist, that was looking to move on to a new medium & this set was perfect."
"Nice for painting signs and papier mache projects! Great assortment of colors, also the set has a ""fine art"" range of colors."
I am so happy with this buy. It's nice to have such a variety of colors without having to mix any colors. This was more than affordable. I love the fact the tubes are all plastic and not metal and they are twice the size of the cheap acrylic paints they have at michaels. The metal tubs of acrylic seem to crack if you bend or squeeze them too much. With these you don't have that problem. I didn't have any issues with the paint coming out when I opened them for the first time and the tubes were all full no air. Some people have complained about needing to use more than one coat because the paint is translucent. It is true some colors are more translucent vs opaque but on the Liquitex site their color chart states which are TL vs which are O. So it wasn't a surprise for me  since I have been using their paint for some time now. This is good for beginners and those on budgets you can work wonders with it if you know what you are doing and even if you don't don't feel like you are throwing money down the drain because this paint is pretty damn cheap.
"Very nice an affordable. Paint looks great. I definitely will be ordering again, she loved all the colors. Thank you"
My son is an artist and of course artists needs alot of materials to get the juices flowing.  My son needed things for school and i bought this for him.  He loved it and it was exactly what he needed.
"I like the variety of all the colors,but I don't remember the product description describing the bottle size. They aren't full size bottles like it shows in the pictures. I do like the set,but it should of showed the correct bottles in pictures."
This item was packed very well for shipping. The set is perfect for my husband because he is just starting to paint again. I would definitely recommend this to anyone who needs a basic set of paints.
"Basics paints are pretty good quality and the color selection with this set allows for allot of color combinations.

Right on..."
These are almost all the basic colors. It's a great thing to have to determine what you like and don't like.
These are some of the best acrylic paints on the market - I would not use anything else. Vibrant colors and great mixing abilities. We use these where I teach art also and the paintings are outstanding. Great price and I would definitely buy again from them!
"I really liked this paints, they are fluid and easy to work with. I also liked the price, not bad for starting out."
"I bought these as a gift for my nieces and I have to say I wasn't disappointed.  They aren't the highest quality acrylics around, but they are good enough for most applications.  I also like that the range of colors included is perfect for someone who isn't into mixing their own hues."
I'm an artist and went to art school. Don't buy BASICS. Buy Galleria or even Reeves or Newton. It's the consistency of BASICS that will always disappoint anyone trying to learn to paint or an avid painter. My art teachers always told us not to use BASICS.
I didn't realize how much smaller these were than what I was expecting. I guess I know now to look at the specifics a little more clearly. Overall great products. Love the brand and the assortment of colors. Definitely buying again.
I wasn't impressed with these. The paint was so congealed to the point that even diluting it with water did not help. Not sure if I just got an old set or what. I ended up going to my local craft store and purchasing the same brand and type but in the bigger plastic bottles. Those ended up being much more workable.
I haven't use it yet....But it looks good. I bought it to make poke balls! I hope they work well!
Great colors for creating other colors!  I am very happy with this set for the variety gives me so many other colors
Wonderful collection of acrylic paints!  The range of colors should delight most artists buying an assortment of colors. They're exactly what I hoped for and at a great price.
"Don't buy if you would like your paint to cover the canvas with actual pigment.
This ""paint"" is more filler than pigment and is frustrating to use for beginners and experienced artists alike."
I bought these for my sister who does a lot of painting. I love the colors and she was so excited about the set. Great buy and gift for an artist!
Wow more than I expected when ordering.  Really nice pack of multiple colors for most any artist.  Paint is easy to use and has a nice texture. Will buy again.
This is a good starter kit for painting. The colors do not always cover others as well as I would like sometimes. But a good value.
"Liquitex BASICS Acrylic Paint Tube 48-Piece Set, give me every choice of color to paint.
The paint flow good. And mixes well,"
"Great value.
Lots of colors.
Great quality and quantity.
My family artists have enjoyed using these paints for 2 years now."
"Blue arrived solid. Be careful when ordering, might not be a good idea. In the future I will probably get this from brick and mortar stores."
"The colors are bright and solid. Mix good together But the yellow was extremely thin. I had to paint a base white background in order for the yellow to even show, which is a huge pain when your making a wall mural and you have to paint everything twice. Especially when your doing a phoenix."
"I bought this to paint a small mural in my son's room.  It is good, however, the yellow does not cover well.  No matter how many coats you put on top, it doesn't cover well at all.  All the other colors have good coverage.  I ended up having to add the white to the yellow in order to make it work (but then you end up with light yellow)."
"These paints work so well, you can easily mix any color you want the pigments are so rich, this is a very good price for the size of these tubes, you will pay more for them at any art store. They also shipped very fast can in well before they said it would."
This was a great way of purchasing a ton of different colors for a very low price.  The paints are excellent but may need to supplement with more white or black as the tubes are very small.
"My paintings tend to have heavy, vibrant colors and rich layers. These paints do not do the trick for me.  They are way too thin and watery. I have to apply multiple layers to get the desired effect. Even though the colors are beautiful, they just don't have enough coverage. In fact, I think they have less coverage than the Reeve's acrylic that comes in small tubes...
I tried the Liquitex Heavy Body paints before, and those work great (they are also very pricey), and I figured that the same company would make consistent quality paints. I made a huge mistake in purchasing these, because now I have 48 tubes of frustration. Luckily the company is stingy with their product and don't fill the tubes up all the way. (That's another thing that annoys me...come on Liquitex, either fill it up or make the tubes smaller! Who are you fooling?)

Now I use these mostly with acrylic mediums - dripping mediums and heavy gels and such. They work fine with these mediums. They really aren't any good on their own for the professional artist. However, this wide range of colors may be good for a child to experiment with. Too bad I don't have a child.

Will not buy again."
"I love having all of these colors at my disposal. The only problem I have had is they squirt out when I first open them from the pressure. However, I will not blame the paints since i live at 8600 feet and pretty much anything in an airtight container does this. I have used this paint on clay, canvas and the wall...all with great results!"
Tubes could be a little larger but it's good if you want to sample the colours. I have decided though to stick with basics and just mix my own colours.
tubes to small to really get something done you and start a few small jobs but not finish many before buying more paint. very large variety.
"I used to paint often and stopped for many years - when I decided to start painting again, I realized all of my paints were dried up and I just didn't have colors.  I needed a quick little set with a variety of colors and this set did the trick - It has plenty of choices for color.  I have painted 2 canvases with it and they worked great.  The set is inexpensive and it was a great way to get my paint collection started up again - delivery was quicker than expected"
As a beginner artist I like this pack as it has variety of colours and the consistency is good too!
It's like getting the Crayola box of 64!  And it's mine all mine.  Generous sized bottles of great colors!  add your own glitter
"I have been using this stuff for years!
The only down side is, one of my tubes had a hole in it this time :("
great set to start with im using it for my first painting class in college its been very useful and ive been able to create most colors i want with this variation. the greens a magnificent color!
"I am a sorority girl who loves to craft and when this came in the mail I cried tears of joy. I had so much fun painting allllll of the crafts this summer and mixing the colors on my pallet to make even MORE colors. I was even (with a combination of colors) able to match Aurora's (from Sleeping Beauty) skin tone almost perfectly!

Such a  wonderful and well diversified set. I am so happy with it and can't wait to craft more once this quarter of school is over."
We used these for painting rocks with kids. Need to wash and rinse off the paint right away because they dry quickly
"I bought this paint set in 2011, and I still have most of it left. The colors are very bright and they last very long. I've gotten about 10 paintings out of this set so far. Good buy!"
LIKE AN ARTISTS WET DREAM PARDON THE PUN CANNOT WAIT TO USE FOR ALL THOSE GREAT IDEAS WAIT A MINUTE GAVE TO MY FRIEND DAVE OH WELL
I love my paints. I just wish the tubes were bigger. Nice texture and consistency! Good variety of colors! Price was okay too.
"looked at a bunch of different paints , very happy I selected this paint size ..........anything else would have been to small...and I didn't ave very big projects (newbie)...............more than happy with size and cost"
"This product arrived a day ahead, and in tact. I am pleased!  I have, and will continue to recommend this product to family/friends, paint instructor, and to all who reads my review.  The paint is fine and the price is also right."
"I finally got around to ordering a new Liquitex set. My old one was all dried up, as I had not used it in a while. Good colors, and always fun to paint with. They cover all sorts of things, such as wood, stone, paper."
"Excellent;) The paint is rich & creamy.  The flip top allow easy closing, colors are true.  I would recommend highly recommend this product"
"Wow, This was like Christmas in a box all the colors of the rainbow...I lost my paints in a move to replace would have cost big $$. Even though these are not the same quality I usually paint with they are going to work as a sub till slowly replace my better grade ones. Liquitex makes a great product....I would buy for that upcoming artist and they would be trilled!!"
"these are super basic colors, when i mixed them to make other colors they work okay but better to buy the color you want then try to make it with these paints.  definitely cheaper then michael's  - cheapest i found online."
"It arrived quickly, and having free shipping on such a heavy box was great!
The paint is excellent quality - this is the full spectrum of Liquitex's basic value acrylics. Fun for beginners or anyone looking to try a range of colors, this set does include a group of metallic paints!
It doesn't hurt to mention - it is far cheaper here than other sites OR Hobby Lobby!"
"Love my paint. It's much better than the paint I got off eBay. I was also afraid that my blue would be dried up because of the other reviews,  but it's great."
I previously had the smaller tubes of this exact same product. I ran out and I wanted more of what I had the price is very good for the amount of paint that you receive in each tube of paint. I love it . My Favorite type of paint.
"I am pleased with this purchase.
shipping was fast. The colors are beautiful &
made my painting poped. The only dislike I have about this
is that the tubes are small."
"My grand daughter wants to start painting on a canvas and we decided to go with acrylic first, very nice generous set for the price.
Good value"
"Great value for this much product! Purchased for small projects and with this many assorted colors, this was a perfect choice!"
"I haven't used too many other paints but so far these are my favorites, especially for the price. Lots of pretty colors and no trouble blending or anything like that."
"got this for my 8 year old's canvas painting birthday party!  we had plenty of paint.  It was a good deal, and was perfect!  still have tons left for home crafts!"
"Saw this at Utrecht in my city. Bought them and Im in love with these paints, many variations and so little can be used in ALOT! Must have!"
These paints are of high quality.  I used similar paints in the past and are of equal quality.  I bought these paints for my wife and she loved them.
"I couldn't believe I found this great bargain. The tubes were bigger than I even anticipated. After a year, I still have paint left in almost all of them. I really love liquitex products, and this didn't let me down at all."
"My twin painted something for me with these and it came out beautiful! I don't paint, my twin does, and she loved using these to paint."
I was  so  surprise  how  many  art  pieces  I  was  able  to  paint  with  them.  I  plan  to  by  even  more  of  this  size  collection.  if  you  are  into  a  lot  of  color  as  I  am  in  your  paintings  get  this  collection  of  paints  for  your  next  project.  Artist  I  suggest  this  size  to  give  your  art  this  powerful  color  collection.  I  was  able  to  paint  about  30  8x10s  and  about  7  14x20s  you  be  surprise  of  what  you  can  mix  too  to  get  even  more  colors
"very good variety, however the tubes are pretty small. i don't see replacement refills for certain colors either on amazon. the quality of the paint is good though"
"quality of the paint is good but tubes smaller than I thought and the color selection has too many browns yellows, not enough happy colors."
This was on my niece's Christmas list last year and was thrilled to receive it...Beautiful colors and packaged very nicely.
Great colors and easy to use.  Arrived sooner than I expected in good condition.  Easy storage for small areas and yet goes along way.
"Absolutely wonderful! I adore these paints. I'm a casual painter, but really experienced in color theory. These paints are great for the price, and easy to blend. I will definitely buy more of these in the future."
"I am only an amateur artist that likes to paint and draw for the fun of it, but in my opinion this is a very nice paint set. This is the second time I have purchased these paints from Amazon. I bought the first set for myself and ended up giving them to my mother to replace an inferior paint set that she bought from Hobby Lobby. There is a great selection of colors and they are a really nice consistency that will cover your canvas in one coat. Not watered out at all. Each tube is a generous size. I can do several paintings and still have paint left over even in the most often used colors."
"I have been buying paint for quite sometime, and these paints are perfect for multiple uses. I like to add texture to my art and these paints allow me to do that, they're thick enough to cover the canvas and hold their color very well!! They're worth a buy if you like to paint!"
My wife recently completed a short course in painting with acrylics. I ordered this set for her and she loves it !!!
"good paint, no problems.  Hard to get sixteen words out of it though. one two three four five six seven"
Very surprised and happy to get these paints for my young artist. They were priced right and she loves them.
My blue paint was dried up when I received it... blue was the main color I needed to do my painting
I have recently started painting as a hobby and this was an affordable way to start my collection of paint colors. The paint tubes come in 4 stackable plastic trays so it is easy to store in the same box it came in. Very happy with this product.
"Magnificent selection of paints. Just wish that they provided bigger tubes of at least white, if not black and/or the primary colors. I guess I have to get those separately."
"I am familiar with the brand and it is good.  The tubes are medium sized and a steal at less than a dollar each.  I just got them and must praise Amazon for ventureing into artist supplies

James"
"works well when starting off. will order more of the white, because I used a lot of the white when blending with the other colors."
Purchased gift item.
"Great variety of colors, tube sizes are great, everything is as it should be. Purchased this for my 14 year old daughter, who is an amateur artist, and she loves them, they dry well and clean very well off her brushes. She couldn't be happier with this set."
"Thick, bright, and perfect! So far I have only done one painting, but I can't wait to use these paints more in the future! Liquitex paints are great!"
This paint is easy to work with for a beginner and has good pigment to it. All of the necessary colors are there and they are easy to mix together to create new ones
"These paints are almost worthless.
There is very little actual pigment which means that with one brush stroke, the paint doesn't at all cover the canvas.
The pain is thin and awkward and I would not recommend it to anyone."
"I was under the impression that having these great paints would improve my skills, however, I still paint like a three year old. Oh well, the paint is nice even if my paintings are not."
I find I can use these on almost anything. On glass it tends to peel off if you have that picking itch like I sometimes do. I also use these on shoes and have done shirts as well.
"I love this set of acrylic paints! There are so many colors. As an artist I should be able to complete my projects with all the colors and what a great product. I would have given 5 stars but I was not happy with the volume a paint in each tube. The tube was not full as I would have liked. Although that is not Amazon's fault it is the manufacture's. I have used Liquitex for years. The quality is the best but now they put a little too much air in to fill the tube and a little less paint. Liquitex not a great way to watch your bottom line by cheating the customer. Amazon is a great company to buy products from, you can trust them to get it right!!! Way to go Amazon. That is why I am a repeat customer."
This is the perfect sample pack to figure out which colors I want to purchase in larger quantities. I like the texture of the paints. May try to use a thickening agent though.
"48 Colors, for less then a dollar per color, how can you go wrong.  Look forward to using & will purchase again when in need."
"I have no issues with this product.

Sentence to fill up word requirement. Sentence to fill up word requirement. Sentence to fill up word requirement."
"Prior to using Liquitex paint I was using Michael's Artist Loft acrylic paint. Not only is the liquitex a great deal on Amazon, but I like working with this paint better. I like tubing material which seems to be a type of plastic, it makes it easy to get the paint out. Good starter kit if you're beginning to paint. If you are a seasoned artist then these tubes are a bit small, which means you'll run out of certain colors really fast."
"This was a better price, even with a coupon at a big box store, this is still a better deal.
Quick Delivery & Good Product!"
"I bought these without much knowledge about painting aside from using the 99 cent craft acrylics to paint small wood projects. I thought they might work better than the acrylic paints that came in my canvas paint by number kit. They aren't as opaque as I had hoped, nor were they packaged particularly well as some of the paints had leaked in the box. Perhaps the summer heat got to them? Who knows.

Buying these paints on Amazon was absolutely cheaper than buying them in store, by 20$!!! So for the price, the color selection and the availability these would get a five for me if they were more opaque and better packaged."
This set really helped me get going on some murals. The price was so much better than buying the larger volume tubes.
If you know you like Liquitex paints and want to try a large assortment of colors this is the set for you!
"Just started painting and so far these paints are perfect for me. Great to start with. I mix my own colors by just trial and error and I am pretty happy with the results.
The paint goes on smooth and dries within 10 minutes, which is good because a few times I made mistakes and was able to take a wet paper towel and just wipe off the paint with out disturbing the paint on the layer underneath that had already dried. Once its dry tho I don't think it will come out.

Great paints to start with. My sister who is a professional artist also gave her approval (for what that's worth)."
"The local art store prices this exact paint like it's made of gold.  These are good paints, I buy them for my college-age daughter. Will buy again!"
"Bought these for my niece, she told me later that when she had gone and opened the box, she found that the lids had not been tightened on them and the paint had dried up."
"75 ml is small, about 2 inches in height and then about a third of an inch when you measure it on its side... I found this somewhere else for almost half the price. I got the free shipping because I have Prime and I didn't have to pay tax but still.

it's an okay paint, it's liquitex, some professional artists use liquitex"
"These paints are the absolute worst! I bought these hoping they would be fairly close in opacity and fluidity to Liquitex's soft body acrylics, the ones that come in the little jars, and... they do not! A $5 pack of no name acrylics I bought at Michael's had were better than these. It takes, on average, three to four coats just to get a solid color on a primed canvas. They don't mix well with water either. I think the only reason Liquitex sells these paints is to make their customers so frustrated they will go and purchase their more expensive products. Waste of money!"
The product arrived on time and the quality is excellent. The price is very reasonable and the selection of colors is exactly what I needed.
"I purchased this set for my adult daughter. This is a complete set of accurate colors for most acrylic paintings, and they can be applied to almost every surface, including permanent adhering to cloth. These are their ""Basics"" set, so there are a lot of hues (Hue will be in the color name on the tube), rather then single pigment paints. It is an excellent set for the beginning painter. Besides brushes, they'll need a small bottle of Matt and Gloss Mediums. Avoid thinning with water, since that weakens the paint. Use Medium. Keep in mind that many of the paints are ""Hues"" of a named color. Hues are made up of more than one color pigment to mimic the more expensive pure pigments. Consequently, when creating a color by mixing ""hues,"" the color doesn't always turn out the way expected. Also, note that acrylic paints dry quickly, so if you are experienced with oil paints where you load you pallet with lots of colors, they'll dry very quickly. (To continue work on painting still wet, use a hair dryer, or simply place the painting in the sun.) Use only the paint(s) needed for painting during your session. That's another reason for so many colors in the set, since repeating a color mixed on your painting, it's better to use, if possible, a single paint from the tubes. Also, each tube is marked to indicate whether it is opaque, transparent, or translucent. Rule One until you are experience painting with acrylics, avoid mixing opaque with the transparent or translucent paint. The opaque will usually overtake the transparent properties: mix opaques together, transparent paint and sometimes, translucent together. Experiment with a small bit when trying to achieve a color not included in the set. And one final note for oil painters not experienced with acrylic, acrylic paints are polymers, and once they quickly dry on top of acrylic paint, they form a molecular bond, which is forever. No way to remove the color on top. White is your friend in this case. Paint over with white, then apply whatever color you wish. Unlike oil paint, it is permanent."
"I love acrylics and these paints were perfect. You receive just enough of a selection of colors to mix every hue you need. In some other sets the yellow is more golden and the red is subdued, but the vibrancy in these paints is helpful: if you need a darker red, you could just add a tad of blue or green and you're good to go. I received my first set of these paints as a gift a few years back, and when they ran out, I bought the same product off of Amazon. Highly recommend, even if they do seem a bit expensive."
Excellent product at an affordable price for a new student of painting with acrylics.  The colors are fabulous! Thank you!
There are so many colors to try in this set I don't know where to begin. Liquitex makes great paints that go on smoothly.
"I had bought some from an arts and craft store and literally over payed, good deal good everything! I'm just extremely satisfied."
"I wasn't sure if I'd be happy with these or not but the colors are definitely as advertised.  If anything, the variety I got once I popped this box open was pleasantly shocking."
Ok if these are all the colors you need.  Now yes you can mix them and make anything you want but for me I would go with the bigger sizes in the colors you want from the get go.  But the paint it self is great.  color is strong paint is true and works well.
"great set, good price, bought for a starting out artist. these paints seem to work well from the little I know about art supplies. lots of color to choose from and make."
"IF YOU GO TO A CRAFT STORE YOU WILL FIND THAT THIS PRODUCT IS EXPENSIVE!! YOU WILL SAVE AT LEAST 10 BUCKS BY BUYING IT ONLINE, THE QUALITY ITS THE SAME, AND YOU SAVE YOURSELF A TRIP TO THE STORE"
Shopped around online for this product for sometime. Amazon had the best prices and widest range of choice. Service was incredibly prompt. I 100% recommend.
We love crafts at our church and we were just as happy with this product as with any.  Served our purposes well and was as expected.  Highly recommend and would buy again!
"I bought this set for my daughter as she LOVES painting, and this is her favorite type of paint. The color variety & quality were fantastic."
Intermediate painter and these paints serve me well. It's a great selection. I ordered the bigger pack of 48 after using these for a few small paintings. It comes with two tubes of black and only one tube of white so I would recommend getting the bigger Basics pack for bigger paintings. Color goes on as shown.
very good. has lots of color to use and play with. very nice and rich colors. defenetly recomendated to any one.
"For the amateur artist, however, it is a good product when working with children.  And, for messing around for average painters."
"This paint is perfect!  I used it painting for an Into to Art class at college recently and it has great coverage!  So glad that I chose to spend marginally more for these on Amazon rather than the low grade craft store hobby acrylic paint.  The colors are vibrant, mix well, and have excellent coverage."
"awesome product
great price for this product and works wonderfully just love all the colors no need for mixing love"
It is like so am I accpted.. Actually doubt them I would been have to do it paint later.. Regards all yours. :)
"The paint was high quality but they were a lot smaller than I expected. So, it is probably better to get these at the craft store for a more fair price"
"SUCH A GREAT DEAL! I love Basics brand acrylics.. and this 48 piece set hits ALL THE COLORS youll need... and the tubes are actually bigger than you expect!! (I thought I would be getting the smallest 22ml.. but they are the 60ml!!!!)

I already have this saved to favorites for when I need to restock!!

SOOO HAPPY WITH THIS PRODUCT!"
"i purchased for my 12 year old granddaughter for it's range it colors, a great way to decide what colors you'll use the most, and maybe all of them! I've used Liquitex and know the quality and dependability, the price point was great and she's really enjoying."
My daughter loves this paint.  She uses it in her art classes and its not as expensive.  This is our second box.
"This is a reasonably priced and color stocked paint set.
If painting is your game, this is definitely the ""go to"".."
"Because I understand how to mix colors, this set of acrylic black, white, blue, red and yellow is all I needed for small projects like hiding scratches in maple baseboards and stenciling identification numbers on property.  When I need to paint something small, this is what I reach for.  Liquitex has a great reputation and has been around since the beginning of acrylic paint in general use."
This is a great set with a large variety of colors.  It will meet the needs of two small grandchildren enrolled in their first art class
"Colors are perfect, tubes are easy to use, and there is a lot of variety here. But no Crimson Red? If you buy these you will need extra Titanium White for sure. You might save money buying 8oz. Primary Colors and mixing yourself."
Primary colors and black/white combo.. mixes well coats nice.. if your looking to paint a room i'd go with something else but if you want to dabble and or play around with acrylic paints this sets for you.
"I love liquitex paint and this is an awesome bargain for a cheaper consistency of paint. Not saying this paint is cheap, but the soft and heavy bodies have a better looking color to them. None the less I liked this package and it came on time."
This was shipped and received on time. I like the multiple colors and the consistency of the paint was good. Great price for multiple color paints.
These have a wonderfully wide color range especiallu for the price.  They mix well and go on smoothly.  My go to color.
6 pack acrylic set for your paint needs. The size is nothing to write home about and the price is nothing special. Will fill your need for paint.
"I LOVE THE PRODUCT, GOOD VALUE, I DON'T MIND BUYING LOTS MORE, I HOPE TO BE A FUTURE STARVING ARTIST. HA!ha!"
I love these! they are awesome! I used them for making clothing designs and is just perfect! doesnt wash out!!! yay!!
I love it.  Recomment 5 star  service.  Packaging was great.  what else to say as it wants more words so her goes.
I bought this product as a Christmas present for my wife. She liked it so what more can I say?
"Get lots of colors to start with, but for what I need to use it for- tiny detailed nail art, No. The color payoff sucks for tiny details. This product is probably great for paintings, though. Its almost translucent for what I am using it for."
"It was a gift for someone and they loved it! it""s great for anyone young or old. All you need is something to paint on."
Very easy. Cheaper than any of the art stores around town. I have been having a lot of fun putting them to good use!!
"i've used this brand for years. but never so many colors. i wish they were bigger but hey. for that price, not bad."
"I got this set for my birthday over a year ago. These paints are just what I was looking for. For the price, you can't beat them. I've done numerous paintings with these and the colors are just great! If you plan to do a lot of work, I'd suggest getting another tube of white. These would make a great gift for anyone looking to start out or continue working with paint. They are not low quality. I've been very happy with them."
"This is a good acrylic set but not all the paints are full. for example, the white, had like a 1/4 air within the container. I guess for the price and variety it's not a bad trade off but it would have been epic if I got the entire white and switched off the air for the burnt sienna or something, maybe the ""toxic waste green"""
I am currently using this in the Art class I am in at our local community college. Rich colors and easy to work with.
"better than I even expected
saves time and trouble mixing colors, they are all there
go out out and create"
"I wanted to get acrylic paint but I wanted to start off with basics, this did just that more me. It's easy to mix colors to make tons of new ones.mthe shades are very true to their colors. In comparison this is about what'd you pay if you bought a bunch of 2oz tubes by them self, more for the same price well sure why not?! Comes with white and black too, so you can lighten and darken your colors. I don't know much about acrylic paint but it does it's job, it's thick ( I like that ) but easily thinned with some water."
"I received the paint on time and it was what I had expected; it is the right sizes and colors - in other words, very good."
Lots of colors to try with out spending a lot of money. Exellent price for a good product. I am very happy with this purchase
"That overall product was great, but the blue color I was sent was kind of dried out inside and I had to pry it open with a pen before I got any liquid out. It was beyond the normal dry layer at the top. The paint itself seemed to be defective. It came out in huge clumps. All other colors were okay, however."
"Got my order on time in full right before Xmas for my gf, I was very happy to see it arrive before then."
"I love this paint package, it has so many great colors.  They are in very small tubes, but they allow you to grab a color without mixing so I enjoy that."
Nice beginner set of acrylics.  Packaged much better than the Gesso I bought... at least the paint came in a box so none of it spilled.
These paints were also a Christmas gift and he truly liked them.  Again i am thankful for being able to order these items online.
"This paint set is a ""must have"" !!! It is well organized; the tubes are a decent size and the colors are phenomenal. I can't seem to keep one- everyone just falls in love with these paints! (artist or otherwise!)-I've already purchased two of these sets because my mother (who actually is an artist) fell so in love with the paint quality and tremendous array of colors, I finally just gave them to her. I missed the paints so much after gifting them away, my husband finally broke down and ordered me another set within 1 week. That's how amazing these paints are. They will change your life! These paints have pizazz!!!! Order them- they are a MUST HAVE!"
"Great set for novice painters.  The product is easy to disperse and well within the range of young beginning artist.  I purchased the set for my Granddaughter and she thinks they are great.  She is off to a good start with a nice set of colors to help with a young and blossoming imagination.  I will order this product again.
m"
"This product arrived promptly, was well packaged, and none of the colors were dry.  This is a good set to have on hand for large projects.  The colors easily mix and water can be added to change the coverage."
This item came timely and is a great little starter set. Didn't appear dried out like another reviewer said and have not been told so by the recipient. Love the liquitex acrylics line.
"The 22-mil tube is larger than I had expected. Somehow I thought it would be similar to those very tiny trial-sized paint tubes but these were surprisingly large. Would definitely classify this as a good buy.

These are my favorite paints and have great coverage. I use them frequently as base coats and after one coat they are perfect. I water them down frequently and the pigment is rich enough to stand out nicely regardless of my sometimes 50/50 mix."
"I purchased this set of Liquitex Basics Acrylic paint for art class.  All the colors are so vivid and they blend well.  The only downfall was my blue tube was completely dried up.  I was never able to use it!  I ended up buying a tube from Hobby Lobby.

I didn't realize how small 75mL was until I received the tubes.  It's probably best to go to a local Hobby Lobby and purchase the Liquitex Basics brand off the shelf."
I like the array of colors and the thickness of the paint. A great deal! I hope this inspires me to paint more!
i love to paint and things like that and this paint is by far the best everything from basiscs is amazing art products
everything came exactly how i expected it to come. thank you very very much. i will definitely get this product again
what a great item and an even better price if anyone has ever shopped for this item you will know what a great deal this is.
"As another reviewer has commented, the only problem with this paint set is that the color grade is translucent enough so that two or three coats are needed! So if you want to paint everything two or three times as often as needed, or don't mind the material on which you're painting showing through, then this is the set for you-a kind of acrylic version of watercolors."
"Liquitex paints can be pricey, so this kit is great because you get a ton of colors and it's not expensive.  The case makes it easy to store."
"Artist recipient is happy with this, so I'm happy, though not myself knowledgeable in the field. Now four more words . . . ."
Nice size tubes and good quality paint. Good price. Has all the primary colors so you can create whatever color you want.
g r e a t  s e t. t h e  a r t e s t  i n  m y l i f e  loves it!!!!!
w i l l  d e f f i n a t e l y  b u y  a g a i n. great quality
"The paints came on time and in good packaging. However, when I started to use them it seems as if they are starting to to dry."
Colors are PERFECT! My mom is starting to paint again & it was the basic starter kit. She & I are both satisfied.
bought for gf for school to get her by and really not a bad price with free ship and they work well glad i bought it
"This product was very smartly packaged ,colors are fabulous ! My expectations were met immediately. I purchased for my kid but think I wanted one too."
"Not much to say- they are what they said they would be- Basics Acrylic Paint, 6-Pak- lower price than in stores for the same product."
Great range of shades in decent size tubes. Well known brand. Prefer their heavy body paint when it is available.
"Quality - good.
Quantity - good.
If you are a beginner, this is the chioce to make.  It has a good variety of colors."
My son was amazed at how many colors were in this box!  He is a wonderful artist and loved it!
this was a great set of paints to give my daughter for christmas. she really loved them And uses them almost daily
"worked well as I needed basic colors.

Frustrated that the blue paint tube was almost dried out when received. Other than that it was alright"
"We purchased this for our daughter. She loves the paints, says they spread well, colors stay bright and have yet to fade. The only complaint is the packaging it came in did not support the individual paint tubes, so they were all over the place within the clear wrap. This made it very difficult to wrap it as a gift."
No surprise here.  They are brand new and I got exactly what I thought I'd get and my daughter was excited to receive them for Christmas.
"Rapid delivery, but all 6 tubes were crushed enough to leak, so returned for refund.  The paint is good quality and recommended for beginner or pro.  Refund was instant."
"This was a gift for my dad. I have never seen his eyes light up like a little kid.. He was very happy and satisfied, and the product came quickly and in perfect shape !"
"The red paint acted a little funny, but the rest were splendid. Smooth and easy to use. Nice and bright colors."
Purchased this for my 7 year old daughter as a Christmas present. The tubes are what I would consider standard size. Just enough to get her started with acrylics and mixing colors.
"I had purchased a tabletop easel kit for my 13 year old daughter that came with acrylic paints, yet much smaller tubes.  She repeatedly told me that she was running out of paints so I got these as a gift after checking prices at local craft store.  Got these at a great price, and the larger size means that if she paints a picture with a large amount of one color she won't run out."
"This was my first way of seriously getting into the medium acrylic paint. It's got 36 AWESOME colors.

What more do you need?! You can mix em up together for blending and maybe some different tones. And then figure out how you would prefer to use the paint; make it look like water color? Or bump up the canvas surface for some extreme texture. The acrylic paint dries pretty fast. Eventually, I started to hand paint :p

Seriously, just get em!"
I got these for my Dad and he was thrilled. He says it contains colors he didn't even know were available.
"Great paint, hard to dilute with water.  Still a great product, I would just buy the basic colors, and big tubes of white, black and silver"
"Good colors, good amount of colors and nice size tubes . In my opinion this set is a bargain for what you get"
"This paint set is magnificent. A lovely range of colors, they mix well to make new colors and it's just an amazing set for the price."
"This is the perfect beginner pack for any starting acrylic artist.  It's got a lot of choice and it's a great base to go off of to buy new colors.  I wouldn't buy a whole new set when I've used up a lot of the colors, since then I would have too much of some colors I never use.  But, I use this as my guideline for finding the right shade and hue of a color for my paintings."
This is a really good basic acrylic paint set for a beginner. It has all the colors you would need. It is enough to create many paintings.
Some of the paint colors were dried out... but I added paint thinner to use them. Overall arrived on time and did not have any issues with the Item.
"I've been searching for a professional grade Soft Body Acrylic Paint set. Has anyone found a set like the 48 color basic set, except with the professional grade pigments?"
"The paint set came with the tubes dislodged from the slots in the box. Many of the tubes were bent and crushed.
Not a good presentation for a gift !"
"Ok just thought they were fine, have not used themyet, please change your reviews so you can write smaller reviews"
"This is a wonderful set, large tubes (compare to large toothpaste) at a wonderful price!  I have a BFA in painting and illustrate much of my written word."
I bought this paint for pewter miniatures and it worked very well. On a whim I decided to paint my paintball face mask(plastic) with it. This paint truly works on anything and comes out incredibly vibrant. Definitely a great paint for anyone just starting or the most experienced professionals
I was happy with this purchase. The colors are very ful once you open them it spews out. Colors work wonderfully I had no issues other then it being a little messy when it comes out of the tube. That should be expected considering its paint.
Used these paints for along time now. Never been disappointed with these paints. Highly recommend to any novice or expert craft person or painter.
"First off the color are amazing and bright, but the red isn't a red its pink a little upset about it but its okay the rest is awesome but I'd purchase a different red if you do get this case. Although I did mix the so called red and yellow and I still got a nice orange which I was surprised to be honest,other then that awesome.!!!!"
"This product was good overall, but the blue paint was completely dried out, and I wasn't able to get the paint out at all. Without blue, I couldn't make a wide range of various shades of colors. This really bothered me. The other tubes of paints were fine, but the blue in particular just makes me regret my choice of buying this item.

I've contacted the company, and they gladly gave me another tube of paint. So now I am extremely happy. :)"
"Love the way the paint mixes, but the pigment in the red was waaay off-- it was Broadway Pink, not a Primary Red. I was bummed because we were doing a massive zombie workshop and I was planning on using a red & brown color scheme, but the pink just didn't cut it. Aside from that, the quality is great and the paints have worked wonderfully."
"good buy for price when you compare to buying tubes one at a time through local craft stores. I have used this brand almost exclusively for my acrylic paintings and I love that even with only 6 colors, you can make a rainbow of useable colors to create anything your imagination comes up with. Used them just the other night to paint mini flower pots for a friend's bachelorette party. Everyone there was able to utilize this product with ease, even though they identified themselves as ""artistically challenged."" Product arrived as scheduled."
"I'm a mixed media artist and have ALL sorts of paints but I wanted to get a complete set as a ""go to"" for the studio as well as a starter set for my six year old daughter, who is REALLY into art.

This set totally fit the bill- the quality is good enough that I can use it in my work without worrying about durability, the investment was low so I can use as much as I need and share with my daughter without worrying about *literally* pouring it on the canvas and in our art journals.

The only thing I don't like about these paints is the color palette. It's very traditional, which is great for those looking to do traditional color mixing, but the colors are dark and there are TONS of browns and tans and rich reds. My work tends to be more vibrant and vivid, so these colors have to be REALLY mixed to pull the colors I need from the paints. And my daughter isn't drawn to them- she'd rather use the cheapy crummy craft paints in the squeeze bottles in the ""fun"" colors.

But overall, good purchase. I just wish they had a ""brights"" set.

BTW, this is a GREAT kit to buy along with a Gelli Plate- they work fabulous on the Gelli plate (the paints don't dry too fast, smooth out beautifully over the surface) and you can use them generously without worrying about the investment."
"These paints come in quite a few different shades of different colors. The amount was a little less than what I was hoping for, but I like the paint."
"Paints are good for starting out. Tubes aren't very big but good for the price and it is plenty to finish a few paintings. Great selection of colors. Paint does dry really fast, can be good or bad depending on what you like."
"I really love this set because you get such a large variety of colors which is perfect for art journaling which is what I use them for.  The colors are beautiful and vibrant, although it takes a couple layers for most paints to be opaque enough for me.  A word of caution, be ready to use the paint when you open a tube because the paint will squirt out immediately.  Bottom line: Great paints, great variety, and you can't beat the price."
"I decided to start painting again, after not doing so for about 10 years. I bought these paints to get started again. These are AWESOME!! Great variety of paints which cuts back on some mixing. They are thick, so sometimes need to be thinned out (not sure HOW someone called these ""colored water"" in their review). LOVE THESE!! Great quality for such an amazing value!"
My friends & I took up painting & decorating canvases & this paint is great for beginners & a great price
"I was really excited when I got the set (came in 3 days), they are small little tubes. They are perfect for sampling colors. The problem was when I opened the paint for the first time it spilled out all over the place making a huge mess. I couldn't figure out away to keep the paint from spilling out all over the place so I lost a bit of paint from all my tubes. Plus it took forever to clean them all up. Other than that I have no problems with it. The colors are great too."
"First time I've used these acrylic paints.... I love 'em! Easy application, good coverage and color density; easy water clean-up."
"a huge variety for a small price.
good coverage.
i used them over wood and over canvas, they look great
i'm not a professional but i'm really satisfied with the colors and quality."
this is not the artist grade paint that comes in the bigger tubes. it is inferior quality and has less pigment. to achieve a saturated deep color you need to apply three layers... very frustrating. I guess if you want to use these for water color they would be good.
Half-filled tubes are bad enough. Horrible paint that doesn't spread well. This is really children's paint. Don't waste your money. I didn't buy it. It was given to me by my child. He didn't know any better.
"I have been looking for an acrylic paint set for a good price so I can start painting again. I came across this and it looked perfect, however I was concerned about how small they would come. Well I just got it today and I'm very very happy with this purchase. You can't beat the price for this amount of paint! The size of the tubes are impressive for the price, they are as big as my ring finger but pretty wide. If you're looking for a big selection of colors and rather not mix them yourself, this is perfect. I will probably buy bigger tubes of red, blue, yellow, black, and white down the line, since I'm planning on doing big paintings, but this is a great set to have. I will probably get it again when I run out."
"Considering the size of the tubes (22ml) one would imagine that they would be full. I was quite disappointed to find that they were not as advertised in that they were semi full, and do not in fact hold 22ml of paint. The color quality was good and rich, but they are not air sealed as most paints are with a thin foil-like seal. The tops of mine seem to have been exposed to air during production and are semi dry on the surface. Also, it is NOT Heavy Body acrylic as they advertise it, but is part of the Liquitex's Basic paint 'family.'
The size discrepancy in terms of what the seller posted them to be and what they actually are is quite significant. Buyer beware."
"Last night I ordered the Liuidtex acrylic paint set. Im interested in getting back into painting.''I have a bunch of Ideas''. And seeing that Ive been into it since 1973, I intend to start again! Icant wait until my order arrives. The only thing Ill need more of is canvasses. Ive ordered the easel,and brushes also! Id Suggest to anyone starting,or accomplished in art,to order your supplies from this company! Happy Painting!!!"
"I am using this paint to copy a piece of art by John James Audubon. I am just an amateur, and it is looking great already!"
"These Liquitex Acrylic color sets are really good quality. I started out with the 36-color set, and they worked great, so to replenish my colors I bought this 48-pack which has even more colors. I am currently doing professional-level painting (with the aim of selling and maybe a show), and I chose to start with acrylics because they are so easy and safe. You can wash them off with water, yet they produce professional quality and they dry and preserve nicely. Liquitex seems to be the value-leader. I see other brands of acrylics in local art stores in NYC, but they are way more expensive, and I don't see why/how they are any better. Art can be an expensive hobby, and even more expensive when you're trying to produce masterpieces, or just something collectors will be interested in buying. So I'm looking for good deals all the time, and I'm going with Liquitex!"
"This is a great little kit for experimenting with acrylics.  However the size of the tube is entirely too small, so I would avoid buying these if you're an art student but rather invest in larger tubes of the colours you absolutely NEED instead.

-They're okay when extended with medium. You have to use a lot of them in the medium to not lose the colour. I recommend using a professional medium with them if you can afford it. I definitely noticed a difference when I used Liquitex gel mediums vs Golden or Winsor & Newton.

-The pigment load is okay, but will not look ""vibrant"". Some of the colours are noticeably brighter than others when mixed with medium (Pthalo blue looks great for example, whereas primary yellow tends to look flat)

-They don't hold up to the test of time well, the lightfastness is not great but definitely better than other student grade paints.

I recommend these for:
-New painter
-Experimentation with new techniques
-Children/teenagers who wish to start painting in acrylic (do not gift medium with this kit, wait to see how they feel about the paints first)

I do not recommend these for:
-Art students and hobbyist painters (you need way more paint than this so just buy the bigger tubes and save money)
-Paintings you intend to give as a gift (or keep)
-Paintings you intend to sell
-Anyone past ""student"" level as these are student grade paints."
"The price and quality you get in these student grade paints can't be beat.

-They're okay when extended with medium.  You have to use a lot of them in the medium to not lose the colour.  I recommend using a professional medium with them if you can afford it.  I definitely noticed a difference when I used Liquitex gel mediums vs Golden or Winsor & Newton.

-The pigment load is okay, but will not look ""vibrant"".  Some of the colours are noticeably brighter than others when mixed with medium (Pthalo blue looks great for example, whereas primary yellow tends to look flat)

-They don't hold up to the test of time well, the lightfastness is not great but definitely better than other student grade paints.

I recommend these for:
-Art students/any school based painting project
-Hobbyist or new painter
-Experimentation with new techniques

I do not recommend these for:
-Paintings you intend to give as a gift (or keep)
-Paintings you intend to sell
-Anyone past ""student"""
Excellent Value on the paint set.  Its a small amount wich was perfect as a gift for the holidays.  The product was shipped quickly and arrived on time.
"i love basics acrylic paint, ive been using the brand since i was 12 years old and have never been disappointed. and when i found this set of 48 colors for 33 dollars i couldn't beleive it! at hobby lobby they are 60 bucks!!! so basically i got it half off, awesome!"
"I am happy with this purchase. It was what I expected and more. They are quality paints, are a good size (not the tiny tube that doesn't last) and the box brings a vast viriety of colors, which is perfect for when you always need to be mixing to get the color you want. I would buy it again if I needed more, and would certainly recommend it, both to amateurs and professional painters."
Bought this for my sister for Christmas.  She loves it and uses it almost every day. The paints are good quality and up to par with the materials she used in her college painting classes.
"No complasints, yet.  Arrived b4 xmas, YAY! Ordered this with cheapest shipping option. Still got here well b4 christmas, so my granddaughter was pleased. Transaction went smoothly."
"22 milliliter is a bit small, but they are good paints, i already painted two pictures with them, easy to use, nice colors"
"This set was well worth what I paid for it, a great variety of colors, It has had plenty of use ,Im ready to order another set."
"Amazon purchase worked well--swift and complete.  Product was purchased for a Christmas gift to an orphan in Tijuana, Mexico.  I hope she enjoys it, it was beautifully compact and protected for shipping."
"This is a great starter set of colors.  I bought it on the recommendation of my sister who is an awesome artist.  It was a gift for my wife, and so far she has loved using them every time.  This set of colors can be mixed to make many others as well."
This is a great product. The presentation of the paints makes you want to open them up and get started. They are layed out so when you get your package all the 36 colors are visible but enclosed so protected. I would highly recommend this product.
"I started painting two years ago. I started off with the liquitex variety pack. Yes, it is true that some of the bottles could be a little less full than others but for the most part, you get a good quality/variety of paint for a VERY decent price. I work with a number of brands of acrylics. I use Golden as well, but they are super expensive and I only buy the primary colors in order to make the colors I want. Sometimes this is a pain in the you know what. When it is, I can always count on my liquitex to find just the right color I need at that time. I varnish all of my paintings so the matte color isn't a problem. As another reviewer stated, be very careful with opening. Some people (depending on the seller) receive bottles already opened and they spill out, or you receive the full closed bottles which should be punctured with a safety pin or thin sewing needle so you don't lose paint!  Overall, great product. I am very satisfied."
"I ordered this for my best friend's girlfriend who is a part-time artist.  She wanted a large set of acrylics so she can get back into art school and get on with her craft. She was DELIGHTED with this gift.  It is everything she needed and wanted, plus a little more. For the first time in my life, she was speechless."
"This was the second time I bought these, I absolutely love them. I'm no experience painter but I loved the quality of these and how many colors there was. I wish there was a second white like there is black, but besides that these are perfect for the price!"
"The paints are fantastic! A little goes a long way, and these tubes, while not being the large Basics I usually buy, allow for a broad range of colors to practice my mixing skills. I'm thrilled with this box set, and I've already used a handful of them! :D"
"Multiple colors in one place....hooray.  Very convenient.
Plenty of colors grouped together.....ease of selection.
CONVENIENT......good price!
Save yourself some shopping time and get your paint online...works for me!"
"I was absolutely thrilled when these paints arrived. I thought the tubes would be tiny, but they are generously sized. I have used Liquitex acrylics for years, but there are some colors here I've never tried (e.g., unbleached titanium, prism violet). I can't wait to sample them in my next painting. The tubes are so full of paint that they have a tendency to slightly overflow when you open them. If you give them a gentle squeeze on the right and left at the base of the tube before opening, the paint is sucked down and the problem is solved. I can't recommend them enough -- and at this price, how can you lose?"
"When I first read all the negative feedback, I hesitated at completing this purchase.  Now I'm glad I decided to move forward.  Although I've yet to use the paints, they were exactly as described, the price was right, they were shipped very quickly, and arrived in perfect condition.  Two thumbs up!"
If you are looking for a semi-gloss or a gloss paint this is not the set you want. It didn't mention what type of paint it was in the description so I knew I was taking a chance. For my projects I need a little reflection from the paint otherwise it is exactly as described.
The paints are great! An excellent price for such a large kit. The order ended up coming in 3 days before it was supposed. Very happy with this product.
I have never painted with acrylic paints before and the Liquitex is a well known brand of artists paints. I love the fact that I have so many colors that it gives me even more combinations that I can create on my own.  Liquitex is a reliable and excellent quality paint and I am loving it!
I love those colors . They are a very good buy for their price . The colors are very vibrant .My package came on time and in good shape . I defintely recommend this product. Thank you.
I bought this set to do some decorative painting on a refrigerator because I needed a good assortment of colors and Walmart was sold out of any decent paints sets and what they would have had in stock left much to be desired anyway. This set did the job and is still doing the job at a pretty good price.
"What a great group of primaries!  It's everything you need for the color wheel!  Of course, you can always do with some burnt siennas and umbers, but this is a great set if you're just getting your art feet wet for the first time.

""Basics"" is definitely the key word on this brand though, the medium is a little soupy, but works just fine for the purposes of a beginner.  One can always graduate to a more heavy set acrylic medium later on.  I did notice the yellow in my set though was a little congealed though, it was hard to get out of the tube, and when I was finally able to get it out, the consistancy was a little hard.  This is not the first time I've bought this brand though, and this happens rarely so I'm confident in buying more of their products.  Definitely a great product for the price.  Yay paint!"
"Fantastic super-duper, excellent, what it says on the packet.  You can't go wrong with these, so buy them... You'll be pleased you did."
This is a great price and item for those who like to paint or is just learning to paint. I love the set.
These paints are awesome!  Its the perfect set... great colors! The quality of the paint is great as well. Great purchase!!!!
"Hi, I was won dering if these paints can be used for nail art? Please reply asap because if it is I think this is a great deal and might buy it."
This is a great set of paints to give as a gift!  A friend of mine loves to paint so I always get her art supplies for gift giving occasions.  This set gives a good variety of colors.
This product gives you a variety of colors without the big price tag. The paints are organized by the color wheel. They do not come out gloppy when opened. I know usually black acrylic paint tends to be chunky but in this set. They have the right blend and mixture for quality painting. I will buy this product again when the current supply is gone.
A friend of mine loves to paint.  I got her this set of paints.  She was thrilled with the quality of these paints.  They make a great present for any artist.  The set consists of the 6 most basic colors but you can always expand to more.
I use these paints all the time and find them one of the best for the value on the market and would recommend to anyone using a fair amount in whatever artistic use.
"I am a new self-taught artist, and I was looking for paints that were a step up from the cheapie craft paints in quality.  The Liquitex Basics set fit my needs perfectly.  The paints are creamy and luxurious and spread easily over paper or canvas.  My only complaint is that the seals on all of the tubes were already broken during (or before?) shipping and so when I opened a tube for the first time, paint squirted out everywhere.  Thankfully it wasn't much of a waste.  Overall, I love using these paints.  I will definitely buy them again."
My daughter is an amateur artist is enjoying painting with her paints. The only complaint she has is there is only one tube of white.  She often mixes her paints to come up up with the right color.  Otherwise she and I are very happy with our purchase.  The price is right.
"I have been using Liquitex Basics for my Fine Art and Mixed Media painting for years now. I love them as they paint like creamy smooth butter. In the past I bought the large 4oz plastic tubes individually this can get expensive if you are wanting to try all 48 colors. I like to make up my own mixed colors. Trust that you can get hundreds of different colors when mixing. With the 4oz tubes when the tubes were almost empty you could simply cut the plastic and use the rest.

With these small tubes you will need to do the same although it's a bit harder. As for the air problem others experienced I didn't...Considering how expensive Golden's Paint is which I use in small quantities these are fantastic and a great bargain."
"This product it's perfect for someone who wants to try acrylic painting before investing on a better more expensive paint. It has a big color range and my only issue with it is that it seems to be half fill with air which makes you run out of certain colors fast. In my case black, white and gray."
Liquitex paints are excellent!  This set of paints is wonderful.  They give a good deal of paint of some of the most used colors.
This is an excellent assortment of paints.  I have a few friends who paint.  I got this for one of them and he was very happy.  Liquitex paints are high quality and this set gives you a great selection of colors.  You can always get bigger tubes of the colors you use the most.
"I got this item for my 11th birthday and it is amazing!!! The paint is good quality, the tubes are huge and all the way full, and it comes with so many colors. Also, it is a great price. Get These PAINTS!!!!"
"This is a fantastic set of paints.  One of my friends loves to paint and we got her this as a gift.  Paint tubes are on the small size but you do get a great selection.  Plus you can always get larger tubes of the colors you need most, for the not so often used colors this is the perfect size."
"I am using these paints for wargame miniature painting and am happy with the results. They mix well, but you need to use a flow enhancer when painting minis. I use my own mix, but Liquitex makes a product called ""Flow-Aid"" that is designed for that purpose. I like the vibrancy of the colors, and this box comes with several colors that are just slightly different, allowing for quick wash/drybrush combos. Also comes with 4 metallic colors and 2 blacks (mars and ivory)."
"you cant go wrong with this Acrylic paint set given the price and the number of colors you get

i could not find a better deal.

perfect for a beginner!!"
Love these paints. Good value for what you are getting. Much more expensive at the art store. I love the range of colors. Great Buy.
Liquitex paint works fantastic. There are so many colors and they all are all bright and go on the canvas beautifully. Amazon shipped them right away and nothing was damaged. I would buy this item again in a heartbeat.
"I was looking for a large array of colors to mess around with and found it in this set. I can't believe anyone complained about the size of the tubes. For the cost, the size is great and the array of colors is amazing. These paints leave me wanting nothing. Thank you :)"
This is a great product and the selection of colors is awesome! As an artist on a budget this item much cheaper @ AMAZON than in stores.  It also has great coverage!
Nice color selection
"Got them for my daughter so I haven't tried them but I have heard no complaints like them being dried up or anything. Great price for acrylic paints, way cheaper than buying them at the local hobby store."
"Great buy, great value.  Great selection of colors.  Generous 22 ml tube size.  I could not match the price in any art or craft stores or our local discount art supply house. Best buy of the year."
"Be warned... the tubes are small.  22ml is not that much paint, but you get every color you could possibly want.  Having a set like this offers a chance to explore all the colors and find the ones that suit your style best.  You get a rich sampling so you don't go out and buy a giant tube of Hooker's Green when you wanted Permanent Light Green.  I love the color charts on the box.  I've tried many times to make color wheels and they never seem to come out right, so having the chart is very helpful to me.  Liquitex is good quality paint for those just starting out, and it's cheap for starving artists to make high quality art.  Definitely recommend this set if you're interested in exploring color.  this set is like using Wikipedia for a research paper. It's not the meat and potatoes of the project, but it's a great starting off point.  If you are interested in starting out with painting, go to jerrysartarama.com, where they have free video tutorials, get these paints, some canvas, and some brushes and get with the creating.  You won't regret it!"
Ok so I decided to get a larger set because I'm not sure which colors I'll use the most yet. I'm yet to use the paint but I can say I was not impressed when I opened up the tubes. Every tube of paint I've ever bought has been completely filled with paint. So I should have been paying for 22mL of paint in each tube. However when I opened the tubes there was added air to make the tubes appear as if they were filled with paint but where instead only half to 3/4 of the way full. I do not recommend buying this set. Stick with a smaller set from a different seller (or several to find all the colors) I'm used to working from only about 12 color options in my classes and that's all you need to get all the tones you need.
I love this set for all its variety of colors; dries fast in low humidity; easy to clean with soap and water.
They like it... Gift item
It is written liquitex acrylic classics not basics. There is a big difference. Also 22ml??? This amounts to false advertising. I should have gone to the store to buy this product.
"My only issue with this paint is that they come in 22ml tubes, about 1/2 of 2oz that is in the description. Other then that the paint is good."
"Can't go wrong with Liquitex paint period! You get 36 colors for under $30, where can you go wrong?? My only complaint would be that the tubes will ooz a little when first opened, but thats expected."
"I received 22 ml tubes which is equivalent to .744 US fluid ounces. Not even close to the 2 fl oz claimed. Their description claims 2 Fl. oz. tubes and if you look at the picture it says their are 6 x 59 ml, 2 U.S. Fl. Oz. I am requesting my money back."
"I was looking for a set up paints with lots of colors and this is great.  I am in the process of painting my kitchen trash can.  I know it sounds strange, but I cannot find a trash can that I like for my kitchen so I thought I would just update the old plastic one that I already have.  These paints are easy to clean up and so far, I have been able to mix and match colors that I really like.  The paint seems to hold up well on the trash can so far.

Good choice for acrylic colors."
"Do not believe the photo or the description. The tubes in this kit are 27ml, not 2oz, and they are not the Heavy Body acrylic as advertised, but rather Liquitex's Basic paint. You are paying more for smaller amounts of cheaper quality paint. Buyer beware."
"the good: great vibrant colors, good price

the bad: the tubes have a lot of air inside, so the content is half of what you expect...

:-("
"i love this paint. it lasts for a long time, because you really don't need that much and it spreads wonderfully. the only thing is some colors (not very many) are a little different from the tube color, which is to be expected i guess. but overall i love it"
"Great set! Gave it to my girlfriend for Christmas and she loves it. I'm kind of only going off what she says about it, but she's had a bit of experience with acrylic paints. She was very pleased with the ""quality"" of the paints and something about the tubes they come in. This is a great gift for artists who like painting, and i would recommend this set to anyone who would want to start painting. Thank you, and I hope you found this helpful."
The paint is really good but please note these are really small tubes of paint - not the normal size you see on most shelves.
"Wish the tubes were a little bigger, and have to get supplemental white and black, of course. However, paint is rich and good for a beginner or someone who likes to paint on occasional basis."
"Small tubes, but so many colors!  My daughter got this for her 11th birthday and she loves being able to create art with so many colors."
"I just wanted to say that I was disappointed with this product. I use acrylics quite a bit and these were not comparable to the ones I usually use.  Some of the paint tubes only had a 1/4 of the paint in them even though they appeared to be full.  Also the paint was streaky and light, not full vibrant color."
I just received this set in the mail and I think it's great!! The item was delivered on time and quicker than expected. The quality of paint is very good and I am completely satisfied with the purchase. Excellent for the price.
"I searched high and low for this large set of 48 colors. The tube size is generous and the colors are true quality! Delivery was quick! (3 days!) The only problem I had was when puncturing the seal for the first time on the tubes the paint tended to spurt out as if under pressure. This may, however, be due to the fact that I live at high altitude (6000 ft.) This tip may help for those of you who have the same problem: Use a safety pin to puncture the seal instead of the point on the lid. Leave the safety pin in for a few seconds to allow the pressure to release slowly. When you remove the pin you shouldn't lose any paint."
if you are painting say 20x20 canvas I know I would run out of paint in no time... Black and White that you would use a lot of you would have to get a jar of from an art supply store... I love this brand though...
quality product and very cheap consider the amount i paid for all those tubes that came in a very nice hard box.  love it!
I love the huge variety of colors but i am an experienced painter so this was quite perfect for me. GET SET FOR BEGINNERS!! good product I've used Basics in the past they r not the best but they r good
As a beginner to acrylic painting I found this set to give me a variety of paints for the price. I did my research at local stores and found this to be the best buy. And nowhere in local stores could I find this amount of paints in one set. There are plenty of paints to keep you painting for a while. Glad I bought it!
"One complaint I have, is that there is only one small tube of white.  White needs to be used with so many of the colors, so I wish there was a bigger tube of that, or two tubes.  Also the type on the tubes is small and hard to read.  Otherwise the set is fine."
"I use paint in my mixed media art, so I dilute it a lot of the time. I love the variety of colors in this assortment of affordable colors. They are true to color and work perfectly for me."
Purchased as a gift for my artist wife. She absolutely loved it. Great assortment of colors not easily found together. Definitely recommended.
"I bought this set of acrylic paints for myself and my daughter and it has been great!  These paints are of good quality and the number included are optimal for beginner or more advanced painters.  This set is a must addition to your ""beginner"" set.
I almost purchased this locally, but saved alot with Amazon!"
These were great paints. Lots of very nice colors. Compared to other paints purchased these were very good.
"Every color in the rainbow and perfect for the china we needed to paint.  There is no other product recommended for this type of work and it meets every challenge.  Our product came out looking exactly like it's counterpart.  You could not tell one from the other and this was especially important as they were a set, very fragile and very much in need of matching.  I recommend this product without reservation. Shipping was fast and not too expensive."
"I had these paints sent to my artist daughter in Oregon for her birthday in the hopes that I made a good choice (knowing nothing about paints).  When she received them, she was thrilled.  She said they were an excellent quality and the colors were fantastic."
"If you can get a better deal someplace else let me know, haven't found anything better then Amazon . . Thank you . . Debra . ."
I got these as a Christmas present for my hopefully-to-be daughter-in-law.  She is still raving about them.  They are everything she hoped they would be and more.  Quite excellent!
"Although they were expensive, these acrylic paints worked amazing. I am a 13-year-old girl who loves to paint, and these were the highest quality of paint I have ever purchased! I would recommend these to anyone with 45 bucks! A+++"
Bought this set as a Christmas present. It is a good basic starter set. Reasonable and fast shipping.
This is a great set with which to experiment with colors!  I really like Liquitex paints anyway and to get so many good options in a reasonably priced set was great fun.  Worth checking out and having a supply of colors you might not use often or want to try out before getting a bigger tube.  These tubes are small. Ive almost killed off a couple tubes of the more used colors after a couple of months.
enjoying this product very much!!
"I really enjoy using Liquitex Products, a lot better than your run of the mill acrylics both in opaqueness and consistency. Colors blend well and they are not matte or glossy, they find a great middle ground in between the two. The 4 oz size is also great for bigger paintings. This is a great set to take with you if you are planning to do some outdoor painting. They paint stays moist and active for a decent time and can be mixed with other mediums as well."
LOVe this set with so many colors. Took me back to when I was an art major in school. A little pricey but less than other retailers!
"Blue was hard on both sets ordered, not useable"
I used 4 of the 5 on one painting. The textured one was wonderful for sand replication.
"small tubes, but great price~"
Great value for what you get.
Paint is transparent. Needs many coats or to be mixed with other paint. Maybe good for beginners or children?
Loved it!! Wish I could have bought more. You need so little paint to do something beautiful. And the deal was unbelievable.
