Susan Bates is my preferred manufacturer of hooks as I like the shape of the hook head.  This was exactly what I expected.  Thank You.
"I've used many types of crochet hooks over the past 50 years.  Some were from grandma and my mother and some that I have purchased.  I have a good size collection of hooks which now I have traded for these Susan Bates Silvalume light weight metal hooks.  They are the absolute best ever.

I tried to make a Christening outfit with another type and every stitch the yarn just seemed to get caught on the hook.  It was frustrating as I needed to get the project done quickly.  Changing to these type of hooks saved me a lot of time and aggravation.

I recommend these to anyone who is just learning and to all who really get into creating crochet lovelies.

Great price for the Set in a Pouch."
"I bought both the Susan Bates hook sets awhile back when they were still making them with plastic.  They were fine except that the distance between the hook end and the thumb grip is too short for anything other than single crochet stitches.  Also, comparing them to my Boye crochet hooks, despite being the same size (I, J, etc) the Susan Bates hooks were thinner than the others, which will affect your gauge.  If neither of those are any concern to you, then this is a fine set."
"These are the best crochet hooks around, and the great thing is they are so reasonably priced. The reason they are good is because the hook part has a good edge that makes catching the yarn effortless. I had set of plastic hooks with larger handles that had sort of dull hooks. After trying my friend's Susan Bates hook, I immediately bought a set and put my plastic ones in a drawer, where they will stay! You will love these hooks. If you want to build up the handle to make it ergonomic  you can just wrap it with tape. But the sharp hook makes this took the most precise and practial hook on the market."
"I bought this as a gift for my best friend who hasn't crocheted in a while, she is very pleased with the quality of the needles."
"I can't speak about the seller, but these hooks are excellent.  The inline style makes it much easier for a beginner to keep from snagging the yarn.  The aluminum is very smooth and comfortable to hold.  I recommend these over the Boye style hooks to any beginner crocheter.  I have only been crocheting for a few years and tried Boye hooks at first and again later; I would have to say the Bates hooks made my learning experience much better."
"I own a whole set of these Susan Bates hooks.  I find them the perfect weight.  They glide through my work, no snags.  I don't have any problems with them."
"I learned to crochet on Boye hooks, many years ago. I still have one Boye hook I bought years ago. So when I began to crochet again, I bought a set of Boye hooks. Big mistake! I think Boye hooks have declined in quality - the new hooks snag and give me inconsistent gauge, resulting in uneven stitches.

So I decided to try a different brand, and tried the Clover Takumi aluminum hooks. Those are pretty great, but kind of expensive and hard to find. Then I got a set of these Susan Bates hooks. And they are awesome! They pull through the yarn so smoothly, and there's never any snagging or splitting of the yarn. These are available just about everywhere they sell crochet/knitting supplies at very reasonable prices.  I'm really glad I tried these."
"I love these hooks. The ""mouth"" of them has a sharper slant to them than the traditional hooks and it makes it a breeze to fly through projects. These are fast hooks and look pretty too."
these are the best hooks! I only buy this brand. Light weight and sturdy. and the hook part is perfect.
Love this brand.
Ive been crocheting for 57 years. I am crazy about these hooks. I bought a set for myself and sets for my daughter and daughter in-law.
Just what I need cant find locally
These are my absolutely favorite crochet hooks. The hooks are inline rather than offset making them easier to crochet with. The aluminum is also faster and slides more easily along the hook than some of the other materials.
Susan Bates are the best crochet hooks I have ever used. I was pleased as always.
Love them so much. I like these hooks cause they are flat and they can grab the material better. Very soon I get the smaller sets to accompany the rest. Overall love these products.
"susan bates needles are getting hard to find , great"
Love crocheting with these hooks. The yarn glides easily on and off the hooks. Very good quality.
"These are the ones I was looking for!! YeeHaaa!! Go in and out of my yarn stitches with ease, so smooth."
"Susan Bates 4life - lol, seriously these are the best hooks out there."
Cute and does the job
"Love my Crochet Hooks I'm re learning to crochet. Haven't had a need to use ALL the hooks, the ones I've used work fine for what I'm doing."
Rough unfinished edge on one of the hooks snags the yarn
Susan Bates are the best hooks you can buy IMHO
I bought these to teach myself to crochet and they were perfect for a beginner.
"good quality hook.  some of the other manufacturer hooks have ""burrs""  and snag my yarn.  susan bates are always great!"
Perfect! This is the only brand of hooks Ill use. Very smooth!
Good quality.  It's nice to have the set.
"I heard about these hooks and put off buying them as I didn't think they would make that much difference, how wrong was I they work smoothly through the yarn and Ive tried different brands. The only thing I don't like is they are a bit light but I made rubber band grips for comfort and to weigh them down and now they are perfect for me. For this price I would highly recommend them for beginners experienced crocheters these are the ones to buy. Arrived on time. I really really really would suggest getting these."
All products were exactly as expected. The paints are awesome and the hooks were exactly the correct sizes. I will definitely order more paints.
Love my hooks came really fast
Just as expected.
Prefer my clover hooks over these.
I got those for my girlfriend. She loved them...
Always a great and consistent brand.
There's nothing wrong with them and they were affordable. Great buy for a beginner in crochet.
Hooks are well made...no rough edges to catch the yarn.
"Pro: I like the design features of the more pointed tip, in-line hook, and non-tapered shank & throat.
Con:  The inner edges of the throat are sharp, causing drag and some fraying/splitting on the yarn.

Pro:  The size ""I"" is a full 5.5mm and not 5.25
Con:  They're a half inch shorter than any other brand I've owned, which is noticeable and felt too short in my hand while using it.

Con:  The finish which was already absent in some spots and scratched and chipped upon use.

I'm not against the Susan Bates design - I quickly noticed how the design is beneficial.  I just wish there weren't the sharp edges and that the finish was better quality.  I inserted it into an ergonomic handle which alleviated the shortness issue, and I'm going to try smoothing the edges with an emery board."
"I love the silvalume crochet hooks from Susan Bates. They are my favorite hooks. They don't get caught on your work the way Boye hooks do. Aluminum hooks slide through your work more smoothly than steel, bamboo, or plastic. The only problem is that one hook was missing.  The size K hook was not in the package. I double checked the envelope, but it was not there. I'm not returning because that is a size I rarely use. The price is good if you get all your hooks! Hopefully this was a one-time thing."
"I prefer the Boye brand hooks and ordered the wrong ones; however, these arrived as pictured.  I still prefer the Boye brand though."
Exactly what I wanted. Gave one set of hooks as a gift. Teaching her to crochet
Good quality.  I find the shape of the hooks to be easier to use to pull the yarn through than with most brands
"Just like other metal crochet hooks that I have had for years.  Somehow lost the J and K hooks, so decided to buy this pack and it's perfect."
I love these hooks they are easy to use and work great!
Susan bates crochet hooks are my favorite they arrived on time
Great affordable inline hooks
"I hadn't crocheted in a few years, and recently decided to get back into it.  I had mislaid my old crochet hooks, so ordered these.  Forgot I hated Susan Bates hooks.  Now, I remember.  And, I remember why.  The hook is so tight that it snags and splits even medium weight yarns.  These are going to end up at Goodwill.  And, I will be using my old Boye hooks.  I am thankful for this purchase only due to the fact that I hated these hooks so much that I searched until I find my trusty Boye ones.  I highly recommend their products for anyone who is crocheting with yarns that have any bulk to them."
These work perfect for my crochet projects!
hard to find this style. wife loves them
Love the color crochet hooks...makes it easier to determine size since it is hard for me to see the numbers.
These hooks are easy to manipulated
perfect
I love these hooks!
The size K hook was missing from the package.  Will keep the others because the K is the least used hook in my crochet projects.
Nice variety of sizes.  Love the inline hook shape.
It's taking me a while to get use to since I had been using another brand of needles since the 1990's.
"I love Susan Bates hooks and always have. I hold my hook the old fashioned way, more like a pencil, and the flat spot is closer to the hook than most. This works very well for me and is very comfortable. I like the flat, tappered hook nose as well for getting into the stitches."
Best brand of hooks! Nothing beats the Susan Bates hooks. I love the inline head and overall shape.
Great!
Absolutey my favorite crochet hooks!!!!
"Love these, have always used Susan bates brand but can't get them in the local craft store."
"Used this item for years.  Feels good in your hand while crocheting.  Good weight, smooth metal and glides thru an array of yarn products.  tried the Boye products,,,to me..this is the better quality hook.  Hard to find in stores.  Glad I found them here."
I love Susan Bates hooks. The profile and hook shape are my favorite and allow me to stitch away for hours on end with no snags.
These are my favorite crochet hooks. Love the feel of them for my crochet projects.
Great crochet hooks in well-used sizes. Would buy again.
Very happy with product.  Great quality.
not what I wanted
"same great product, delivered right to your door at a much lower price!"
Now made in Mexico...poorer quality...can't even read the size printed on needle.  Unhappy
"These are quality and I love how my hands can hold onto them.  I can crochet without worrying about breaking, like I have to with the plastic ones."
Luv these
I really like the hooks.  I have always used Susan Bates products and have never been disappointed.  Have had other brands but always go back to Susan Bates for a good hook.
Love my crochet hooks.
"I love this set of hooks.  the neck of the hook is flat instead of being a tapered.  Currently I am crocheting a blanket using the H/8 or 5.00 mm hook.  After a third of the way through the blanket and approximately through 4 skeins of yarn, the yarn slides wonderfully over the silvalume hook.  I have not found any burrs or catches on the hooks.

Happy Hooking!"
nice product
My favorite crochet hooks!
"I bought these as a beginner to teach myself how to crochet, and now I'm crocheting away and these are still my one and only set!"
"Don't know why some people don't like the hooks from Mexico. I got my first Susan Bates hook about 47 years ago. It still is my favorite because of its design. From time to time I looked for more sizes, but everywhere I went, all they carried was Boye. The hook on the end sticks out and catches on the yarn. I was surprised when I found the SB hook set on Amazon. Ordered the set of six and they are the same quality as my old size H. Anytime I get a new needle, it tends to drag a little, but I have found that rubbing the needle with my hands puts just enough oil on the needle so that it then is as slick as glass. Try it."
Received item with pouch open and dirty. Very disappointed with this product. Had to hand wash each hook prior to my daughter using.
"Nice product, I love it because the price is reasonably and really high-quality. So I want to give it more stars!"
Best shaped hooks ever! These hooks do not taper on the sodes (like many traditional hooks do) making it easy to keep stitches uniform & cuts down on snagging.
NICE QUALITY!
the best crochet hooks I like them very much
Love them!
Love this brand of needles. They have rounded bottom of hook and doesn't split the plys. Only difference is the old ones are much smoother than than the new.
Best shape hook ends for smooth crocheting
good product
"I really love these hooks.  I like that the shaft is flat, so much better than the other hooks I had been using."
"I lost my favorite crochet hook  months ago that I think I had since I was a child.  Not knowing the difference between styles, purchased a pack of Boyle hooks.  Big mistake.  I knew there was something wrong since the Boyle hooks wouldn't slip through the yarn for me without snagging.  I finally figured out that there were different styles and purchased the Bates hooks.  These were a life saver.  I don't understand why my crochet instruction books don't mention the two different hook shapes."
"I was worried after reading the negative reviews here, but I really needed to replace my old Susan Bates hooks. I much prefer the shape of them as compared to the Boye style heads. The finish isn't perfect right out of the plastic (expect some squeaking) but after a tiny bit of use they smooth out. No snags on the set I received. Definitely recommend for the price."
I love my Susan Bates hooks
"These work well.  The inline style hooks seem to work much better for me than the tapered ones.  There are some imperfections with the coloring on these as there are some small silver dots on all but the largest hook.  I noticed that the hook size can be seen on the front of each hook except one has it on the back and the Susan Bates logo on the front.  The carrying pouch is convenient, but the sizes do not rest over their corresponding hooks."
My favorite crochet hooks. I prefer this style hook and these glide through the yarn without annoying sticky noises I've experienced with other hooks.
I love these crochet hooks! Their very light and are not complicated at all to crochet with. The hooks slide right through the yarn and is easy to grab the yarn. I can crochet very fast with these hooks. I crochet about 7hrs straight with little breaks in between my hands don't cramp or ache after using these. But every now and then the lightness and how thin the hook is I have to switch to my crochet hooks that have silicone:rubber handles. Then those hooks get too heavy so I switch back to these. They are the BEST!!! Love 'em!! I've crocheted a lot of hats using this set!! I give 5 stars!!!
Love these hooks!
I like my hooks with a bit of weight to them. These felt too light and like they were made of cheap metal
Thank you they are wonderful
Gift for mom. She needed more and she is happy.  More crochet blankets for me!
work fine!
Great hooks
"4/5 because they can be a little bit slippery if your hands are sweaty, but otherwise there's absolutely nothing wrong with these. Fantastic build quality, great colors that don't chip or fade. Good sticks all around!"
These are pretty good hooks.  The angle of the hook is a little much.  Slows me down a bit as I'm always missing half of the yarn.
F and G size hooks have very sharp edges that snag the yarn.
I have bought Susan Bates before.  I believe they are the best hooks on the market.  Very happy with my purchase.
I only use Susan Bates crochet hooks and I have been crocheting for almost 50 years.  Well made and perfect shape.  The variety in this package covers lots of types of yarn and projects.
quality set
"Nice feel, yarn slides nicely...very happy with this product"
Many great sizes in one package. Definitely recommend.
would definitely buy again
They arrived quickly and package with care. They were just as described with a handy plastic case for storage.
"These crochet hooks, by Susan Bates, are wonderful and make it easy to crochet without snagging and splitting my yarn. These hooks make it easy to crochet with just about any yarn type."
"I received my hooks today, and they are obviously used. The package was even sealed with scotch tape!"
It was a good price
"They are a great beginner set. My two complaints are the color coding is chipping or was chipped when I got it on a few of the hooks, and the hook pouch was taped shut. Neither are deal breakers, but the tape did leave a residue and it makes me think they weren't new."
I ordered crochet hooks and I got crochet hooks.
I am learning to crochet. This is a great set as it contains the sizes used most. They are quality hooks and arrived in a nice plastic pouch that I still use. I just ordered the next size up in the same type and brand for a project that I want to start. Will definitely buy more of this brand if the need arises.
So far so good - tried couple and no problem!!
Good price for crochet hooks hard to find.
"As always, Bates hooks do not disappoint. They are smooth and very well made, and have a rather unique feature in that the hook has a little indentation underneath that helps grab your yarn. They are all I use now."
love these hooks
Great starter set of crochet hooks.
I absolutely love these crochet hooks. Everything about them is perfect. I like the way the hook is the same diameter throughout. This ensures perfect loops with every stitch. The tips are pointed perfectly for getting into tighter loops. I have replaced all of my crochet hooks with Susan Bates.
"Love, love, love these hooks.  They are THE best out there for this avid crocheter!"
Different sizes for different yarns and such. They're chrome colored crochet sticks and fit in your hands nice.
"Like it alot!  Good packaging, very happy with purchase."
"I bought these at a JoAnne's Fabrics when the associate HIGHLY recommended them to me. I can understand how a lot of people can love these, personally, they unravel my yarn quicker than I can work, and the angles on the hook make pulling yarn through a bit hard. More often than not, I catch one strand of yarn on my pull through and have to undo a couple stitches to readjust the yarn. If you are a pro crochet crafter, I say go for it, get them and try them out. The pointed head makes it easier! But I personally prefer the softer edged hooks."
"Work wonderfully, as I expected.  Not much can go wrong with crochet needles, I suppose!"
Excellent starting set! I bought these years ago and I'm still using them regularly to this day.
"these are ok, definitely does the job. only received 5 instead of 6, i don't know where the missing hook went?? so yeah that's why i subtracted one star, I didn't receive the number of hooks shown."
"I already had this exact same set, which I had purchased about 30 years ago and love. I have recently started crocheting again and wanted a second set to have on hand. I was really disappointed from the very first stitch I made with this new set. The finish is not smooth as it should be and there is a great deal of drag as the hook is pushed and pulled through the yarn, greatly reducing crocheting speed. Based on the fact that there were so many positive reviews of this set, I decided to give them another try and have requested a replacement. I'm sincerely hoping the replacement set is of the same high quality as my 30-year-old set."
great hooks have been using them for eons.
Nice set of crochet hook set I love them this would make a great gift for someone who love to crochet don't hesitate to purchase this
Great price  on the  set...these  are  easier  for  me  to  crochet  with .  Quick arrival  too.  Very  satisfied  with  the  seller .  Wish these were  made in  the  USA  though...they  were  made in Mexico .
"We just received our gingerbread house kit! My daughter is super excited about putting it together! Everything was intacted. Nothing broken. It really was better than I expected, it comes already assembled, which will be great, since I'm not very good at it."
These are perfect and a bargin price. Just like what you buy in stores
"Seem to be good quality hooks - only complaint is they are a little on the short side. Still, it's a great buy for your money."
I love the Susan Bates hooks much more than the Boye hooks. The design seems to work better for me. These are perfect!
"Good assortment, seem very durable so far.  Would buy again"
Can't beat Susan Bates!
arrived on time and as described
Nice!  Everything I expected!
"I've been learning to crochet and found the quality of these hooks much better than some I bought at Michaels.  The hook is better, more defined and makes it easier to pull the yarn through a stitch.  I really like this brand."
Susan bates is always my first choice.  Easy to work with.
susan bates crochet hooks are the best. reasonably priced and good range of sizes
good
"Bought these a while ago to fix a few snags in sweaters and they were kind of large. Recently I went to crochet something simple (having learned long ago) and found these hooks very hard to use without having to pull the yarn super tight. Pulling the yarn tight causes projects to get very stiff, and the yard to unwind, neither of which is desirable to me.

::jk"
"I haven't bought these on Amazon, but I own two sets that I've bought at craft store, I love them that much!  I wanted to add a review here anyway to share my experience.

I've been crocheting since I was about 9 and have used several different styles.  What I love the most about these, above else, is that they are inline hooks.  Most of the hooks on the market have what's called tapered hooks.  I've attached a photo to show the difference.  The bottom is the Susan Bates K hook that comes in this set, which is an inline hook.

I feel like inline hooks grab the yarn easier and hold onto it so I can crochet a lot quicker using these.  I've tried using tapered hooks but they just don't work for me.

One of the sets I have I bought in the last year, but the other I've been using for at least 8 years and they're still going strong!  These are definitely worth a buy.

And if, like some of the 1-star reviews mention, your hooks have some rough edges, just get a file and smooth it out.  Aluminum is a fairly soft metal, so it's easy to smooth out rough edges. =)"
These are a Christmas Gift
Hooks are great. Came in timely manner and are great to get started.
All the right sizes.  I prefer Bates hooks to the other brand.
Its perfect for a new starter as I was.
Work great
Very happy with these. Going back to order a set for my daughter.
I really like these crochet hooks because they are the older design. The more resent design is not as easy to work with. They split the yarn too much.
Very hard to use
What can I say about Susan Bates crochet hooks! These are the only crochet hooks I will use. I have tried other brands and get frustrated with the catching and snagging.  These Susan Bates crochet hooks are designed at the tip not to snag.  My crochet speed increases by 50% when I  use these crochet hooks. Love Love Love them!
These are the best crochet needles!!!
Gr8
I've been using Susan Bates crochet hooks for decades. Top quality.
My wife and I both use these and love them. This is our second set and we couldn't be happier with the. They are as pictured.
Great set of crochet hooks.
Nice set.
Great price! Very pleased with these hooks.
"Great sturdy package, convenience for carrying. As always, the hooks are great."
"I love the Susan Bates hooks, and won't use any other brand. If the other brands ever come up with a hook end like these, I will consider them. Much easier and faster to work with, as I don't have to worry about the yarn slipping off the hook, while I am making stitches. This pack has all the sizes I usually use, so  color me happy."
have been using I am only a beginner but is working out well
Qualit et livr  temps.
"I started out on my crochet journey with a collection of Boye hooks.  Somehow, some Susan Bates hooks started worming their way into my heart and now they are my favorite.  I've switched all my original hooks out.  I think it depends on what works for you."
Love my Susan Bates hooks. The style fits me better than Boye.
"They do exactly what you'd expect them to do. One of them has a jagged edge and catches on the yarn, making it impossible to use, the rest are great."
I love them :)
Love the different colors - the head of the needle is the right curve to hold the yarn.
I've heard a lot of people raving about how great these in line crochet hooks are. I've tried using them several times and just ended up extremely frustrated. The yarn keep snagging on them. They seem like good quality and well-made but I just do not like the design of the in-line. If you used to regular crochet needles I would recommend that you stick with those.
"Good quality, easy handling.  Love the package, and having them all in one place, with easy access."
"Nice reliable brand. I prefer the aluminum to anything else. The sizes included in the set are the most popular, and they can be kept in the plastic pouch for easy identification.  Good price too."
Bought to get back into crocheting.
Great price.  Quality needles are sturdy and like the colors since they stand out when stuck in the mounds of yarn!
Couldn't be happier
I like these hooks best for the way the hook is shaped.  Slides through the work easy and holds yarn securely.
"The hooks come in a durable plastic storage case, whith a space for each hook. Made out of metal. I like that each hook is marked with its measurement and they all are different colors.

Please, vote whether or not you found my review helpful. Thanks for reading!"
clean work good
"Light weight and easy to use, no hand pain!"
love
"Susan Bates hooks are the ONLY kind I will use. I've tried others, like Boye, but none measure up. There's just something about the hook on these that make crochet much simpler. Boye hooks come to a soft point, with barely a ledge to hold onto your yarn. But Susan Bates hooks have a deeper, wider ledge to hold onto the yarn, and a nice point to go into the stitches. I have purchased this particular set probably four times now. I lose hooks or give them away, and it's a much better deal to buy this whole set than just one hook at a time. I've had my original H hook for about 15 years, and the only wear and tear it's shown is a bit of lost color where it gets the most friction from the yarn. I've also purchased bamboo handle hooks and long hooks, but this is the set I keep coming back to. I can't recommend it enough."
"I received only 5 crochet hooks sizes G, H, I, J, K without size F! What a disappointment since I wanted the smaller sizes for amigurumi!"
Not what I expected but they will do as a backup. I perfer  aluminum and not Silvalume. There is a big difference.
These are great and inexpensive
The flattened inside of the hook makes it easier to hold onto the yarn than with older styles of hooks I've tried.
They will do the job!
The edges of the hooks are very sharp. Not smooth on YOs.
Nice
"Both mine and my moms FAVORITE crochet hooks! Just wish they had an ergonomic handle! I will always use Susan Bates hooks as long as they are available! I was disappointed when Walmart stopped selling them, so I was so happy to find them here!!"
The Susan Bates brand of hook is my preferred style of crochet hooks
nice
"Nice, I did not want to spend much,  I wanted to see if I could still crochet an these have been great tools.  I am mostly just practicing with these, I am not a serious crocheter."
There good medium weight hooks nothing fancy. I perfer boye but that's personal preference. Haven't had an issue with bending
My favorite thing about these hooks is how deep they're cut. They seem to hold yarn much better than other hooks I've purchased in the past.
Perfect for a beginner. I made my first amigurumi with these!
Good to have on hand for a craft 'change of pace'.
Good product.
knitter was happy to get these
Just what I expected.
"Several arrived with blemishes on the hooks themselves. Otherwise, arrived as described."
just what i was looking for
"I must apologize because i hate to write bad reviews.  The crochet hooks by Bates are great with the exception of the hook that was missing from the package........ as luck would have it the ""gold colored hook"" size ""6.0 / J / 10"" was the hook that i really needed AND IT WAS'NT THERE!!!  I EVEN PAID EXTRA SHIPPING TO GET ONE DAY DELIVERY!!  Can someone fix this?"
These are okay except I've had to file a couple of them that were not smooth on the hook part. I do expect to crochet with out the hooks having rough spots that catch the yarn.
These are good hooks
Very nice
A little rough on the metal. Was expecting them to be smooth like hide stainless steel one I have .
I only use Susan Bates Hooks.
NICE VARIETY.
"These wonderful (and inexpensive!) hooks work perfectly for me. I am just beginning to get into crocheting, and I find working with these inline hooks very easy. They do not have rough edges and do not snag on the yarn like some of the plastic hooks I have used. They feel sturdy and well-made. It is hard to find inline aluminum hooks for such a good price!
I am currently using one of these to make a chevron blanket for my daughter, and it has been great to work with. Feels good in my hand, easy to hold comfortably, and the blanket comes together quickly while I am working on it. The size range provided has given me the hooks I need to be able to make all of my beginner level projects. I am very happy with this purchase."
"I bought these as a starter set of hooks with the basic sizes I would need. The colors of the hooks are pretty and they come in a plastic pouch. The hooks slide very easily through your yarn to minimize the stress on your hands and wrist, and they keep the yarn from splitting/snagging. The hooks are sturdy and are high quality. These are great for anyone looking for a beginner set or to add to their hook collection. I will definitely buy more sizes from this brand if needed. These arrived quickly and were a great value for the price. I highly recommend this set!"
"Nice size variety, but awkward hooks at the top.  Cannot work with them."
"I wish I had actually read the reviews instead of going by the stars reviews. I have been crocheting for about 12 years off and on. I had been using boye hooks and didn't like them. I have one Susan Bates hook and love it so I bought this set. I wish I had actually read the reviews instead of going by the number of stars these hooks have. They have very sharp jagged edges. Nothing like the one I already have. I looked at my original hook and it has no marking stating where it was made. This set has ""Mexico"" stamped under Susan Bates. Maybe these are knock offs. I don't know. But I guess you get what you pay for. Not worth the trouble to return."
Miss Brenda says they are the BEST
Nice addition to my collection
perfect
"These are the perfect set of sizes for a wide range of yarns and various projects,  the hook is curved deep enough to keep hood even when using a larger yarn. They have a good enough grip for longer projects. Good price,  quick arrival"
I liked the fact I was getting a variety of sizes. Ive seen these as highly recommended in the amazon reviews and that is what helped me choose which to purchase.
This is a very good product. It comes in different sizes and has a good grip to it. I enjoyed using it to make a scarf for my child.  The quality is equally good and I envisage using it for a couple more years
"Nice color, well balanced and easily glide through yarn. A good set of crochet hooks for any level crochet enthusiast, especially those wanting to save money by not paying so much."
"These are good, I really like the sharp hook-end because it makes it easier to push through small or tight stitches. My only complaint is that the color chipped on a few of them almost immediately. Other than that, they work very efficiently and I now prefer them over my other needles."
"The only hooks I'll use! Yarn slides right through them, and the deep cut groove really helps grab the yarn. Perfect for novice as well as advanced crocheters."
"These grab the yarn very well and allow the yarn to slide off easily. They can be a little tricky with cotton yarn, as the hook edge is a little sharp; it'll sometimes split the yarn while working."
really nice
"I am new to crochet, so I don't have another set of crochet hooks to compare this too, but these seem to work perfectly for me. I don't notice any catching on the yarn or any discomfort in my hands while using. I find the plastic case they come in to be handy so I don't lose or misplace any of the hooks."
Good variety of sizes. I knit baby and children toys and these are SO regularly needed. Now I don't have to worry so much if I leave one in another room.
I'm teaching myself how to crochet through YouTube. So far I'm really not thrilled about these. I have a hard time with the wide tip. It's a pain to insert into stitches as I've found I crochet extremely tight and they are hrs on my hand as I also hold the hook rather right as well. For the price they aren't a bad thing to pick up and try out. I'll use them until I find something I like better. These as also in-line hooks.
Love these. Don't have any problems and the colors are cute!
Quality as expected. Great price.
Item is exactly as expected. Cheaper to buy on amazon than in the craft stores.
"Susan Bates is far superior to Boye needles.  The shape/design does not tangle/go into the wrong loop as bad as Boye needles do.  I always search out Susan Bates needles, and have used them since childhood 40+ years."
"Ordered by mistake and because they are Susan Bates hooks I am keeping them, and since I have 3 round barrels in (yes 3 different colors) I am putting them in a different bag so each bag has a set of hooks."
I bought these for my students and they are great!
"These are BEAUTIFUL and are the kind of hook I learned on.  My much-loved, late and so-missed, M-I-L taught me to crochet. These don't catch and hang up the yarn like some do with that pointed, hook-y end to them.  The yarn moves smoothly and easily about them.  I actually made a dress and brought it to her two weeks after her lesson.  She LOVED it!"
"I like those crochet very cheap delivery was faster
Quality parfait you can use it for any thing also good value of money"
Excellent
"Had one of the Susan Bates crochet hooks and became so used to it that it was difficult to crochet with my other needles. Where my other hooks have a curve, these hooks have slants--making it easier to pass through the stitches. Product came in super fast (way sooner than Amazon predicted) and super happy with my order :)"
nice
I love the Susan Bates hooks. I actually had to order another set while I was away on vacation because they only sell the other brand in most of the stores. I like these because they have a better hook to catch the yarn. The other ones I find keep dropping stitches more often.
"I got two 4.0 size ones. Otherwise, good product."
"I wouldn't buy these again. A good crochet hook has no sharp edges on the hook part of crochet; all edges are softly rounded off. These are sharp, almost ragged. I wouldn't use these on any of my yarns, I'm going to call Amazon and see if I can get a free return; otherwise I will just toss them."
"Cannot really rate this item.  They were a gift.  However, the person that received them indicated they were just what she wanted."
These are my favorite crochet hooks!
"These crochet hooks are good quality and arrived on time. However there should have been 6 different sizes...I received no J hook but instead received two I hooks. Other than that, I have absolutely no complaints."
I ordered these to replace a few hooks that I misplaced.  I only use Susan Bates crochet hooks because they are the most comfortable in my hands.
Value for money. The variety of sizes and bright colors means no more losing of crochet hooks. Very happy with this
"I don't like the hooks on these, they're very angled instead of nicely curved."
Nice needles for the price.  I am not a crocheter.  Only got these to place borders on some knitted afghan squares.  I can't really say whether they are good or bad because I have not owned any other.  They did the job
"I learned to crochet with the Boye crochet hooks. However, when I first my friend's set of these, I fell in love with them. They pull the yarn through so smoothly! As a beginner, my yarn often slips off of the Boye hooks and snags. I haven't been able to develop a rhythm or speed with them. These, however do not slip or snap. I absolutely love them and am excited to continue to learn with them. I have already been much more successful at creating a rhythm and I hope to get a Susan Bates afghan stitch hook soon as well to complete my set."
Received love them!
"Exactly what I wanted. Better than the Boyle brand I currently had. These does not split the yarn like the others. More comfortable to hold. Great price, too!"
These are my favorite. I always go back to them!
"This is a handy little kit and the hooks are of good quality.  It would be a fine gift for someone you are teaching to crochet.  I keep mine in my car along with a bit of yarn, so if I get stuck in a waiting room, etc.  I can get some work done and pass the time.  The plastic package is sturdy enough for occasional use.  And, you can always crochet a small bag to keep the hooks in  :-)  I am glad I bought it so I can leave my more expensive hooks safe at home."
"I like them , but prefer the more rounded tops of other crochet hooks."
PERFECT CHOICE OF HOOKS.
"Amazing! I never knew what a difference a brand can make. I've always used Susan Bates needles, but I had lost my H8/5mm one. So I popped out to walmart and bought a $1.28 Boye hook (Boye is all they sold.) It was horrible, snagging everything, hard to hold, and had an unpleasant texture or rub against the yarn. Worst two days of crocheting ever.

These Susan Bates hooks are like a dream - soft against the yarn, no snagging, and fast. My new hook slides through the yarn like a warm knife through butter.

As soon as I opened these hooks and used one for five stitches, that crappy Boye went right into the trash."
very sturdy
My favorite hooks.
"Love the Bates hooks over the tapered end ones. They've made crochet so much easier for this beginner to do. Maybe at some point I'll work my way up to the tapered ends, but for now, these are perfect."
Love the colors and variety of sizes. Seemed a great deal!
"This set is decent, although I find the two smallest sizes to be very sharp on the curved undercut edge of the hook. However, I am extremely dissappointed that in a set that comes in it's own pouch, with six slots - each marked with the hook size the slot should hold,... That the rightmost, green, 6.5mm hook is missing! Will be contacting Amazon/Seller to fix this."
"After struggling with the other brand of hooks for YEARS I heard of Susan Bates brand and decided to try them out. I had no idea there would be such a difference! Crocheting is no longer a chore for me. I was able to change my grip/motion enough that I can go a lot longer before any pain sets in (I have Fibromyalgia making it difficult sometimes). My stitches are much more consistent. I wish I would have found them sooner, but so glad I at least have them now!"
Great quality.  Comfortable to use.
Made
The best crochet hooks I have used so far!
Love these hooks! And I keep them in this package so I always have the complete set together.
"I like this line of products. They are reliable, work well and are very fairly priced. I also like the bright colors and although I have put them to very good use the colors do not fade away or rub off. The only downsize, for me is that they are not the most comfortable hooks I have used. When I use them for a while my fingers start to hurt because there is no soft surface any type of padding like with other brands."
love them
"I almost abandoned a project because the yarn kept slipping and popping out the hook right in the middle of 2trtogs. It was so aggravating and made my stitches very loose and sloppy. I was beginning to think it was me, then someone gave me a Boye hook and the yarn stayed in the crook of the hook where it's supposed to be and the project which fortunately I hadn't frogged zipped to the finish line in no time to my great satisfaction. Go figure. I never thought a hook's shape could vary so much or matter so much either."
This is my favorite style crochet hook. The hook part if flat and the stiches do not snag or fall out of the hook when pulling threw loops.
"These are my absolute favorite crochet hooks on this planet. They have a deep enough groove where you won't accidentally lose your yarn. Many other brands have a very shallow hook. Because of this, I think they are perfect for beginners and more advanced user alike."
"What's not to love?  Susan Bates hooks are the best for my use.  I like the flat neck that holds the yarn and helps it go through the hook easier.  Nice pouch to hold the hooks in place, however it is plastic and it may tear easily, but I am very careful with it.  Couldn't find this item in a local store, so I was very glad to find it on Amazon.  Now I have all the sizes of hooks that I needed in one convenient package."
"Misshapen, sharp, pointed and unusable hooks. I couldn't even fix them with my Dremel . Out of all of the hooks only the J Hook was usable and I already have plenty of those. I have never seen anything like this. It's awful."
"These are like the original Susan Bates hooks with the pointier top and the deep throat. These hooks do not have a tendency to split the yarn and I don't have nearly as many slipped stitches with these as I do with Boye hooks. I have been crocheting for over 40 years and have used several different brands and types of crochet hooks without really paying attention; until now. I purchased a set of ergonomic hooks for my granddaughter, but the hook part was a disappointment. It was difficult to get the hook into some of the tighter stitches and she was frustrated with some of her stitches slipping off and having to remove all the current stitch and start it again. I had her try one of these Susan Bates Silvalume hooks, I had just got them in, and wanted to see if it helped her. She had been excited about the ""new style"" of crochet hooks instead of using the ""granny hooks"" as she called them, until she actually started using them. The glamour faded quickly. She now won't use those and is always using my Susan Bates hooks. The throat on these hooks is nice and deep without being difficult to work with and the neck is straight rather than tapered. I personally find it's easier for me to maintain gauge with an inline hook. My speed when working with these hooks is a lot faster; I'm not having to redo as many stitches or trying to work the hook into a stitch with a round head.  I have heard that Susan Bates redesigned these hooks a couple years back but returned to this design when their customer base protested loudly at the inferior product. I'm certainly glad they did. If you are looking to purchase a set of Susan Bates hooks, be sure to look closely at the top of the hook and make sure it's pointy shaped so you don't wind up with some of those horrid unpopular hooks they produced a couple years ago. I had read that the ""old"" good hooks were getting hard to find, but I lucked out and found these on Amazon and snagged them right away. Maybe they're not so hard to find anymore since they went back to the old design, but I feel fortunate that I was able to get a set of the better hooks. The set contains F,G,H,I J and K size hooks. I am going to purchase one additional hook, the 7mm, to complete my set. I think those are the ones I use most of the time. They come in a plastic pouch which is great for storing them in and the pouch lists the sizes on the front in both letters and mm. The hooks I received were all smooth with absolutely no jagged edges. I've seen in other reviews where people were complaining about getting some really rough hooks, but it looks like most of them were a couple years ago and were probably getting the redesigned hooks. I'm really happy with my new set of Susan Bates Silvalume Crochet hooks and wouldn't hesitate to purchase another set."
Good quality hooks.  would buy again.
"Bought these for gifts, they are exactly like the ones my wife has had for years."
I had some hooks already from Susan Bates series and needed some other sizes and this set was cheaper than buying them individually. I wish I bought this when I started crocheting.
Love them.
"I love these hooks.  I've been crocheting for only about 3 years, and have tried a few different brand hooks.  I like the shape of the hook on these.  They don't get caught up in my work like some other brands do.  This is a second set I've bought myself so I can keep them at work, while keeping my other set at home.  They are inexpensive and work great.  I'll buy this set again if I ever lose any of the hooks."
"I bought these for my daughter. They are my FAVORITE hooks. The unique shape of these, plus their nice slippery surface make for easy crocheting."
My mom bought me a set of Susan bates crochet hooks for Christmas and I love them! Their sizes are clearly marked on them including their letter. They have nice colors to them as well. If you're hands get sore easily you can always get crochet hook grips for them however I've never needed to. I personally prefer aluminum crochet hooks and needles. So I love these!
"I love these hooks, I got these as duplicates because you can never have too many."
"I love these crochet hooks.  They are the same brand my mom used, so they're what I learned on.  That bias might be part of the reason I love them, but that's not the only one.  (For reference, I learned to crochet years ago and just recently took it up again about six months ago.  So I went looking for this shape of hook specifically to match the ones I was familiar with.)

The best thing about these hooks is that the ""hook"" itself is deep.  If you compare the shape of the hook portion in these hooks to any other crochet hook, you'll notice that these have a sharper, deeper cleft.  I really appreciate that.  It makes it so easy to get going pretty quick; the yarn never slips out.  I've tried other hooks and never been able to go as quickly and evenly, because they don't grab the yarn the same way.

I know they're not as ergonomic as some other hooks, I can only use them for three or four hours before I have to take a break.  However, I think it's worth it because I can get more done in four hours with these hooks than in six hours with any other.

I'd recommend these to anyone learning to crochet, and if you're not a beginner, you're probably not looking for a complete set like this.  Other the other hand, if you're experienced and you've adapted to the shallower crochet hooks, this set might not be for you."
Bought them as a gift. The person who received them is pleased
"I really like these hooks because they glide smoothly through the yarn, in and out of the loops. I have had other hooks which are not so easy to pull through without catching, but these really work well. They are also very economical. And there are 6 sizes that you are most likely to use, unless you crochet very small or very large things. These work very well, highly recommend."
Susan Bates is the only way to go.
Susan Bates hooks are easier for me to use because of their more defined tip.
Works
Gave as Christmas gift. Best hooks and a good price.
LOVE THEM GOOD PRICE
"There are two little girls, who, were so excited this past Christmas for crochet hooks and yarn of their own. These are some of the best hooks out there. I would highly recommend them. To anyone !!"
Someone really skimped on metal here. The hooks are so tiny it is difficult to keep the yarn on the hook.
"Pros:
- nice assortment of sizes
- I don't crochet but I think they would work well, the hooks are well-made and smooth
- the hooks are perfect for fixing sweaters that cats pulled a thread out of
- color coding helps with identification

Cons:
- none so far"
Love them !
Absolutely worth the money.
Good product.
"Love my new crochet hooks, I needed a new set as I keep misplacing the ones that I do have."
I love my set.  I just started learning to croquet and I saw this during a lightning deal sale.  I've used about half the needles and they works great.  They are metal and seems quite heavy duty.  I'm really glad I happened upon them when I did.
Very nice
Good price on Bates hooks
Exactly as good as I expected them to be
Always losing my needles.  Now I have spares.
These hooks have a slightly sharper tip than the Boye brand. You can get where you need to go with your hook with less hand fatigue.
"I haven't used these hooks for a long period, however this hook style is quite different from the style boye brand uses.  Since these are aluminum they have a lot of slip on them, making the hooks great for experienced crocheters who need the speed.  Overall from my use of these hooks, well made and will last for years to come."
great kit includes a mixture of needles and sturdy
"I absolutely ADORE these hooks. I had been using the Boye brand hooks and was having a lot of trouble with uneven stitches. But the first time I used these hooks, I put away the other hooks and never looked back. They are SO east to use."
Nice set of crochet hooks.
Great little crochet hooks for starting crocheters. Doesn't snag on the yarn like a lot of plastic ones do.
looks nice
"For some strange reason, I keep losing my H hook, and don't you know, the day these arrived, I found it again?  That's OK.  Now I have a back-up set!  Love Susan Bates crochet hooks.  Can't seem to work as well with any other brand."
Love these crochet hooks! Very easy to grab the yarn and is making it easy for me even though I am a beginner.
I love these hooks. I would friggin marry them if I could. I've been crocheting for 30 years and this is by far the best hooks. The hooks are deep so the yarn doesn't fall off. They are nice and slippery so the yard glides.
"These crochet hooks are wonderful. I almost prefer these hooks to other hooks I have used because the hook end itself is a bit deeper and wider, which makes it less likely to drop the yarn while working on a project (which is sometimes a struggle for beginning crocheters such as myself). They are comfortable to hold, and the fun colors are always a plus. And the hook sizes available in this set are really the best ones to start off with, in my opinion."
great for the novice and someone who's been at it for a long time
"The package contained two size J hooks (of different colors) and no size K.  Additionally, the edges on the hooks are sharp--I'm used to a more rounded edge that is gentler on the yarn."
I prefer metal hooks like these over the cheaper plastic ones that break too easily.  The package is also a holder which is nice and it has a good variety of sizes.
Fast shipping.  Great product!
These are wonderful hooks for the price!
Love these hooks! Awesome price!
Very nice hooks. Bought for my daughter so she could learn to crochet
I like the Susan Bates brand.  I am not much of a crocheter so I keep these on hand in case I drop a stitch when knitting.
"Work great, nice and smooth. Good value. Like the inline head."
Hard to say much about crochet hooks.  These are the sizes I ordered.  They work.
These are all the sizes I use. I don't think I will need any other sizes.
A great set for anyone getting into crocheting. I love that they are aluminum (just like my mom has!) and are really durable. I've already used the smallest hook for a little project and I'm excited to use the rest of them for upcoming projects.
I don't know that I'll ever love a crochet hook but these seem to be what was offered and delivery was right on time. No compaints
great !
My favorite type of hooks
"I was looking for a set but everywhere else was a bit much.
I am happy with this purchase the set is just as pictured and described.
my favorite set of crochet hooks because its smooth metal surface makes me be able to work or complete projects quicker"
"Love these,  will be ordering smaller sizes for socks."
Good hooks
great price!
"These crochet hooks are amazing!  They are actually my second set.  I lost one hook from the first set, and didn't want to be without a single one!  Unlike some crochet hooks, which can get hooked on your yarn, these hook when you need them to, and easily release stitches.  I've tried several brands of crochet hooks and have been crocheting for 3.5 years, and I always come back to this particular set!  Perfect for beginners and advanced crocheters alike, and a great stocking stuffer!"
Excellent sturdy set for a good price.
Very excited to give this as a Christmas Present this year. Exactly as expected.
Love Susan Bates products
These crochet hooks make crocheting smoother.  The yarn is easier to handle and pull through.
Susan bates hooks are great.
The only crochet hooks I use.
Fast shipping! Perfect product
Best for crocheting. Most flexible hooks.
Made from fairly sturdy material. Product as described
The right sized hook whenever you need it. I don't think the carrying case is worth anything...I'll just keep them loose for easy access.
"Bought these hooks because of all the positive feedback, but I am not happy with mine, the. Ends of the hooks are so rough and sharp, I can't use them, they catch on my
Yarn and I cannot get them to go through a stitch, so I have given up, am hoping my husband can file them smooth so I can use them.  I must have gotten a bad set of hooks."
"It's a nice set, now I just have to learn to actually use them."
"LOVE Susan Bates hooks! I learned to crochet with a Susan Bates size H metal hook, so when I tried Boye hooks I couldn't work the tapered neck. I tend to crochet tightly, so the in-line neck on Susan Bates works really well for me. This is the second set of these I have purchased - the first was for me, and now these are for my sister who I just taught how to crochet using my first set of Susan Bates hooks :)

For any new crocheters who are finding they use a tight tension, I would try these hooks if you are struggling with Boye's tapered neck. And this is a great price too! Not to mention the metal hooks slide really well in the yarn, and hold up really well to pretty consistent use"
"What you see is what you get. This is a standard for any crocheter, and will cover most projects."
This set is just what I was looking for!
These are the best hooks ever. They are my favorite and they are very affordable.
"I have been crocheting for years since I was quite young.  I've tried all kinds of crochet hooks and NONE compare in smoothness and ergonomics to Susan Bates.  They are lightweight, ground to a smoothness that NEVER snags your yarn and have a flattened head which slides smoothly through your yarn without requiring the slight extra wrist turn that Boye's more rounded needles make necessary.  On a big project, this can result in a significant lessening of wrist fatigue.  I'm so glad that Susan Bates hooks are available from Amazon, since I cannot find a single local source for them any more."
Just what I needed. Love this brand of crochet hooks!
Very good hooks. I have just started crocheting again and these feel like ones I used years ago.
"They're hooks; they work! No nasty ends poking out anywhere from the casting process either, so no snagging. Get them."
I am just learning how to crochet simple things for my grandchildren and am looking forward to using these crochet hooks.
Ive been using I in my process of learning to crochet and although sometimes i struggle it's due to my lack of tension or not holding it correctly. I love the colors and the hooks catch everything nicely however if you have to much tension depending on your yarn it can pull it apart. Again i'm a beginner and these are due to my personal tension.
Decent crochet hooks! I'm learning how to knit and crochet so I bought these as my first hooks and they're very nice. Mine don't snag like some of the other reviews said. They're very smooth. I hope to get good use out of them for a long time!
Product was exactly as expected. Low price and quick shipping too! Thank you!!!
Good product for the price.  I am making an afghan it the hooks are easy to use.
the needles don't seem to be smooth -- when I crochet the needles seem to have a dull effect -- yarn does not move on needle with a smoothness. I hat them and just went to JoAnn's fabric and brought better needles.
"A gift for my daughter, along with yarn, to start her on her journey of crocheting."
As described
hooks were very ragged  and seperated yarn so bad I cannot use them.....
Love these! Much cheaper than going to The craft store.
These are my all time favorite hooks!!! So much easier to use than the boye! Try em out if you haven't yet!
I love these books they feel great in my hand.
I wish the markings on the hooks were easier to read.
Nice assortment of sizes & easy to use.
"Good.  However the millimeter and Alphabetic sizing is just not easily seen and every hook same prob with tiny print on pitch point.
These need marked so I'll find a way to do it myself.  Far superior quality than any other hooks so I. Highly recommend Susan Bates over Boye
Or any other brands.  There IS a difference.  These were the smarter choice and shouldn't need to buy again unless lost.  Buy these!"
These are my favorite type hooks and I have at least 4 packs scattered throughout my house and somewhere in my furniture.
"love them, all good"
Thanks for the great price Amazon! These are great and I love the variety of crochet hooks in the packet.
"I love love love these hooks.  They are ""in-line"" style, and it seems like its harder and harder to find. I'm so happy I found these and I will continue to only buy this style and brand. I have had these for years and they haven't changed since I've gotten them (the color finish hasn't worn off).

I did manage to lose one, I ran out that day and bought a replacement. LOVE LOVE LOVE."
Great purchase!
"Great value. Nice to have a whole set for such a great price. Have only used one size so far, but no issues yet."
Excellent quality.
"These hooks are cut cleanly.  I've ordered other hooks, even with holders, but they all have melted aluminum inside the hook so that there's not a lot of space there.  I will stick to these from now on."
Great crochet hooks. I will order more.
Great price
"I learned to crochet a few years ago on my own, and started off with a different brand crochet hook. Once I purchased my first Susan Bates hooks, they were so much easier to use and made crocheting simpler. I immediately got rid of my other brand crochet hooks and switched over to the Susan Bates brand. The way the hook tapers helps with catching the yarn and pulling back through without getting stuck makes these hooks great."
wonderful hooks  and easy to use
Just what my wife wanted.
I buy a case for every individual WIP.
good
Great crochet needles they seem to slide throgh the yarn easily.
"Very good,love it"
Love them. I'm a space cadet and I lose my hooks all the time and these are the only hooks I'll use.
I LOVE these hooks! I'm a beginner and have tried multiple hooks...These have been the best ones by far. I'm thinking about buying another set as a back up just in case one goes missing.
"The price for these is great as it comes out to about a dollar a crochet hook; but, the ones I have used so far are just not as smooth when sliding through the yarn as one I have made by a different manufacturer. These would be perfect for people who are trying out the hobby of crochet. For serious crocheters or beginners that want to move on to big projects after learning the basic stitches and making a stack of washcloths the thread or yarn catching on the crochet hook would be annoying. I would suggest spending a little more money for a better quality item."
Love these crochet hooks. Susan Bates have always been my choice
Work well.
My niece is enjoying learning to use the hooks. Good quality!
I love these Susan Bates Crochet hooks. I am 60 years young and I have been crocheting with Susan Bates Crochet hooks since my grandmother taught me to crochet at age 6. She gave me my first Susan Bates crochet hook. Wouldn't use any other.
Great starter set. Much easier to use than the plastic ones.
Nice assortment.
Works great.
"I like these hooks. I purchased some from ""the"" big box store and the hooks were not as well defined as these. I work faster with these because I am having less threads splitting and the definition on the hooks makes it easy for me to catch the yard without it sliding off. The shafts were smooth and no catches. They work fine for my projects and the price was good."
"I purchased these so that I could put some polymer clay handles on them, similar to the way the Tulip Etimo hooks are designed.  I would give these a 5 star ""if"" they had the handle already as with no handle, I get hand fatigue with them.  Once I put an ergonomic handle on them, they are fabulous!  I started out using Boye hooks when I first learned.  Then I went to Tulip Etimo which is in between the Bate/Boye with regards to being tapered vs inline style of hooks.  Once I got used to the Etimo hooks, I found I love inline hooks better.  So, in order to have extra hooks on hand without breaking the bank, I purchased several sets of Bates hooks and made my own handles.  They are well polished and glide well with the yarn.  Which, is an improvement over several years ago when I purchased a Bates hook and it was not well polished and snagged the yarn.  They have improved manufacturing and the quality of their hooks since that purchase, and I would venture to think they received complaints regarding the quality of their hooks.  It is good to see they fixed that problem and made improvements.  I suspect that I will be using my hooks for many years to come."
"I love these hooks. I buy them frequently. Due to a couch that likes to eat all my hooks and four children, I always need duplicates. This time I bought them as a going away gift for a friend. I think she will love them. They are the only hooks I buy. I have preferred the shape of the hook over the Boye brand since I was a teen."
Amazing hooks!!!  So much cheaper on here than hobby lobby!!  Will definitely be buying again!
Love it
they are great!
BEST CROCHET HOOKS EVER AND I RECOMMEND THEM OVER OTHER BRANDS.
"Love this pack, great price."
Love the hooks. The vibrant colors make it easier to differentiate colors and the case is very durable
"I love these hooks. I'm not a crochet aficionado yet, but I have started to knit and needed a hook to pull stray pieces of yarn through to finish my pieces. The varying sizes of crochet hooks are very handy and they are very durable! I'm certain they'll inspire me to cricket once I am able to master knitting!"
These are the easiest  crochet hooks I've ever used. So much easier to use than the Boye hooks. I will use only Susan Bates hooks to do my crocheting projects.
I am a beginner at crochet and these hooks are much better than the ones I was given at first.  These hooks keep the thread on the hook until you are ready to finish your work.
These are the only hooks I use.  I've tried others but always go back to these! Easy to go through the holes with crocheting. Easy to hold and smooth to the touch.  Yarn doesn't catch.  The only ones I've recommended!
These crochet hooks are terrible.  They are all pock marked and rough edges.
The set is just perfect and by some miracle I found my very first Sally Bates hook.  It is 45 years old.  The new set is just wonderful!  I received the hooks at 2:45 pm 7.6.2015!  WOW!
I've been crocheting for a while and Susan Bates hooks are by far the worst hooks.
Exactly what I wanted.
i love it
Much better hook design than the competition.
"Simply put, these are excellent, sturdy hooks.  I like them much better than plastic hooks."
Love the hooks and seller and got them faster than I expected!
"When I began learning to crochet, the short shank or shaft of Susan Bates hooks (that is, the part of the hook between the head and the thumb rest) seemed like a disadvantage. It seemed to me that there wasn't enough room to hold multiple loops. As I get better at crochet, though, I am beginning to see the superiority of these in-line hooks over the tapered hooks. The in-line hooks do a much better job of catching the yarn and carrying it through the stitches, which means that I can crochet a lot faster with these hooks than I can with hooks like the Boye set (D-K) that I own. Whereas the Boye hooks tend to get caught in the yarn--let's say in five out of ten stitches--the Susan Bates hooks slide right through. I haven't tried any of the Susan Bates hooks with bamboo handles, so my preferred ergonomic hooks are Tulip Etimo, but I think these Silvalume hooks are the best straight hooks in my collection. They work well for both the knife hold and the pencil hold; I have long hands and alternate between these holds and the hooks are comfortable either way.

The only thing I dislike is that the hook size isn't consistently printed on the front of the hook. Out of the six hooks in the package I received, only two had the size printed on the front, with the hook mouth toward you, which is typically what you see when they're in the pouch (unless you put them in backwards, of course). A small nit-pick, I know, but I just thought I'd mention that.

Hooks I've Tried:
Susan Bates Silvalume
Boye
Curtzy
EpicBelle
Clover Amour
Tulip Etimo"
I like the style of these hooks a little better than other brands because they have a sharper hook so it's easier to maneuver through the yarn.  The pouch is nice to keep them organized and each section is labeled with the hook size so you don't have to pull the hook out to know what size it is (as long as you put it back in the correct spot :) !)
They work well.  Easier to use than other crochet hook styles.
Great Hooks for the price.
"These have been perfect as I've been learning to crochet. Easy to use, cute colors, and even smoother than some of the more expensive hooks I've used."
Light weight and smooth.  Very easy on your hands.
These are my favorite hooks so far.
These are the same great crochet hooks I used all those many years ago and I wouldn't trade them for any others.  I still have a couple of my old ones from the 1960's but didn't have the sizes I needed so ordered these and don't regret it at all. Great purchase for me.
Better than the boys brand imp
Susan Bates hooks provide me with a smoother stitch than other needles I've used.
"These are great hooks for beginner crocheters. The are very comfortable to hold and the yarn slides off nicely. The sizes included in this pack are a perfect range for projects such as blankets, hats, scarves, etc. You may need smaller hooks for projects such as amigurumi, but you may be able to getaway with using the smallest hook in this set for that purpose."
Excellent
I have been crocheting for over 40 years.  I have always preferred this type of crochet hook that has more of a slanted angle tip that isolates yarn better while traveling through loops. It also has a more pointed tip that comes in handy when you at times need to get into a tight loop.  I have a variety of brands and prefer these over the other similar looking popular brand by far.  The design of the tip of the hook makes a big difference.  I had to use the other brand recently because I didn't have the size I was looking for in Susan Bates and it was a reminder of how much I really do have a preference for these.
"I absolutly love these hooks. They and light weight. They are nice and smooth, the yarn moves easily over them. The mouth of the hook grabs the yarn really well so their is no falling off."
"fast delivery, will recommend and order again!"
Solid.
"great set of crochet needles, just your normal aluminum set very good."
"These hooks are really useful for two reasons.  First, the shaft of the hook is straight (not tapered) and full to the actual hook and prevents the yarn from getting stuck as you crochet.  Second, these hooks are metal; they slide nicely through the yarn and there is a slight point at the end.  This is nice when you are trying to poke your way through those tight stitches.  These are the only hooks I use now.  I actually bought an extra set - they are so reasonably priced as well!  If you like to crochet - add these to your collection of hooks -- you can't go wrong!!!"
Excellent
Great
I LIKE THESE
Susan Bates crochet hooks are the only brand I use! Very comfortable to hold and I love the way the yarn slides over them.
"Like these sets.  If you do much crocheting, you need different sizes for different wool projects--hats, afghans, purses. This set is pretty decently priced.  I have never felt the need to crochet in the dark so I don't need lighted crochet hooks. These are fine."
"I love, Love, LOVE Susan Bates crochet hooks!! The hook is nice and deep and holds the yarn very well! These are the hooks I learned on as a child of 9 (I'm 49 now) and they will always be my favorites! And this is a great price for this pack of common sizes!"
Love the flat shape of the hook. Works much faster than the one with a bulbous hook.
"This is my second set of these very Silvalume hooks from Susan Bates. And that's only because I recently gave my first set to someone who's now beginning to crochet.

Best hooks I've used. They're smooth and slide seamless through the piece being made, and the weight is very comfortable in your hand. I've also bought larger sizes than the ones in this pack. Same brand, because I so love then.

P.S. My first set was purchased in Nov 2010 for $5.39, but at $7-something now, it's still a steal of a deal :)"
love these hooks.
Great crochet hooks !
They do what they should.
it is the best.
I have used Susan Bates crochet hooks for many years.  I like the way the hook is designed and they are easy to handle and crochet with.
The Susan Bates line of crochet hooks are the best!! Love these!!!
I have never been so happy to receive crochet hooks!
Susan Bates brand is the best.
Good but not grt. BOYE HOOKS similar ones are better
i  use only susan bates  crochet hooks they work better than other needles i  have used
These are excellent. Great buy. I'm very pleased. I couldn't find the whole set in any of the stores I went to and I needed them all. I use them all the time.
Great starter pack at a good price with good hook size options (F - K) for beginner projects.
Best this I ever bought. I use these everyday now
good quality
"I recently moved and was not able to find my crochet hooks anywhere.  I still have boxes to unpack so know I'll find them soon.  However, I needed a hook to complete a baby blanket I was working on (lost the hook somehow.)  Susan Bates is one of my favorite makers of crochet hooks.  I highly recommend these crochet hooks to anyone who loves to crochet."
Thanks :o)
These crochet hooks are the best ever.  The thread/yarn is held better in this type of hook and I am able to crochet faster and more accurately.
Susan Bates hooks are the best brand of hooks.
perfect
love the quality of the product
Great set for a beginner.
Perfect!  Just what you would expect a set of crochet hooks to be!
The size of the hook is not on the hook
just what i needed
"Got these for the lady. She really likes them and claims they work better than anything else she's used and it came with an odd size she didn't have, so she's happy."
Was the best hooks to use for the use I needed.
"I don't know much about crocheting but every one of the 6 was too large. They seem to be a collection of all those crochet hooks that are too large for most work and are left over. I really wanted 1 hook, the right size but there was no such choice. Didn't use them. Too inexpensive to return."
"These made getting into crochet easy. The various styles make getting used to the motions easy, as well as lets you pick a style you prefer as you begin. I suggest toying around with hook for awhile and seeing which works best for you in which situation. You'd be surprised how versatile these inexpensive hooks are."
"I have always used Bates brand hooks and personally find them to be easier than other brands. I never had any problems finding them before, but that is not the case now. I am so glad they are available here! I've seen other posts mention the little ""spot"" on theirs, but honestly, it's barely noticeable to me. My hooks end up with wear and tear anyway, so that tiny spot was worth having the hooks I love!"
"I purchased thes hooks to complete my set!  I lost all my hooks of smaller sizes! I love these hooks! I do alot of crocheting, afghans mostly! I was glad to get them all together here! The price was very reasonable! If I were to purchase these separately at the craft store it could cost me a considerable amount!  These size hooks are used alot in afghan patterns, as well as slippers, booties, and some clothing patterns!  I would recommend purchasing this hook set for the person who likes to try different patterns, or someone that just wants to learn how to crochet to find their perfect fit!"
Great buy
"Great for getting started. Good quality and sizes are printed on the hooks themselves. Bought in store, not online. Same product/price."
Works well.  Susan Bates makes good product.
"These are nice hooks.  The unique hook shape easily grasps yarn when crocheting. If I had to pick one thing I wish was different ... it would be for the thumb rest to be a little further back.  In my opinion, there isn't a lot of space from the hook to the thumb rest (when compared to other brands) which is something I've found slightly annoying at times.  Ultimately though - a seriously great deal!"
"A fifth star had they offered subsets, like 5 different hooks under gauge 3.5"
I love all things crochet and these did not disappoint.
Worst hooks I ever used. Can't get the yarn off the hook totally slows down my rythum and forget about ever having the right tension. I only use Boye
This is a fantastic set of hooks for the beginner. They are comfortable to hold and made of durable metal. I'm on my second scarf using these hooks.
"Great item, shipped fast. Ty"
"I have purchased  these hooks for more years than I care to remember , but would not recommend  them to anyone now. I could not imagine why they were so difficult to work with. ,then found they were as jagged as saw teeth . I then compared them to my older ones and found the new ones ore from Mexico.  Quite a difference in quality . Unusable. !!!"
wonderful price
"I read about these hooks in my crochet circles, and decided to try them for myself. I have to give them two thumbs up because they are exactly what people where talking about. They are comfortable and just easy to work with. I do not snag yarn anymore when I am crocheting. Great price, great item!"
"The lavender G hook - that is the size I most prefer, has a jagged edge on the outer edge of the hook that snags my yarn as I pull it through.  It took me forever to figure out where this jagged edge was, and finally found it in the inner curve.  I am going to have to find a way to file this down, if I can even get it smoothed down.  I'm very bummed, as I like the shape of these hooks better than the Boye that you find in Walmart.  :(  These are made in Mexico, if it matters.  I am looking forward to finding crafting products made in the USA where quality matters."
"I love this type of crochet hooks. Will not use any other kind.
Thank You."
Great product. Awesome price
yes my mom and daughter was overwhelmed to get them and they have been crocheting up a storm sinve
Very good
Good price!
These are the very best crochet needles .  Love them !!!!
"I'm a beginner at crocheting and only ordered these hooks (my very first set) to be eligible for free shipping. I didn't know how impressed I would be with these! My mother, a seasoned crocheter, was very impressed with these as well. Perfect weight, nice grip, and a slanted head. Good price for a great product!"
"Present for my sister, she loves them."
Not great if you're a beginner.
I love these hooks! The way these are cut where the tip of the hook is flush with the handle is awesome. I rarely snag the thread and can get my crochet super tight. I don't use any other brand of hook. Zoom in on the hook part so you can see what I am talking about. These are great especially for beginners.
Wonderful! Best hooks ever!
"Susan Bates us a quality act.  Her stuff is always good, and this product is no exception.  The hook set was solid, but the storage pouch was a little thin.  I discarded it.  The sized are printed on the hooks themselves, so it wasn't needed anyway."
Just what I needed for a beginner crocheter.
Nice variety of sizes
Excellent!!!
"Susan Bates crochet hooks are the absolute best. It was nice to be able to order a set of these without wasting time and gasoline. The other primary US brand works OK, but I like how the tip of the Susan Bates hooks functions."
"Awesome, reasonable,  comes in its own clear vinyl case easy to slip into  purse or backpack."
A crochet hook is just that.  I always buy Susan Bates Crochet Hooks.  Keep on hand.  They do not split the yearn like Boye Crochet Hooks.
Good price.
"So far I like the way these glide and do not catch my yarn as much as my Boye hooks... One complaint though, I failed to notice my Silver Hook is miss imprinted as a G-6 4.0mm (should be a F-5 3.75 per the packaging) until I pulled it out to start on a project calling for an F hook."
I love these hooks!  The edges grab the yarn perfectly.
"I crochet all the time and have many types of hooks.  I found that my favorite hook is a Susan Bates because of the blunt and not pointed point, so I sorted out all my hooks and keep my Susan Bates together and use the other brands as extras.  This is a great set of hooks."
Does what they're supposed and my wife is still using them 6 months later. Seem to be good quality.
No problems
"Product arrived on time and was exactly what I was looking for. No problems, no defects, as pictured."
Just what I was looking for.
Great little set! Hits most needed sizes for blankets and scarves which is mostly what I crochet.
"The best crochet needles money can buy, best quality!  I got the ones ""made in Mexico"", I am very pleased!"
Love these hooks !!!
"Delivered on time, and product is exactly as described."
Best hooks I've ever used and I've tried many.
Was a glft the recipient love it.
"These hooks come in a variety of sizes and are not too long. I teach crochet workshops for kids and these hooks are perfect. For experienced crocheters, they are great for just about any project. The tip of the hook is slightly pointed. Too bad they're not still made in the USA."
"These crochet hooks are just fine, though not as smooth as they could be: after a little use, they feel a little rough when yarn slides over them. But for the price, they're great!"
Very nice
"perfect, everything is in the package as promised and was delivered on time."
These are crap...they don't grab the yarn very well when you are trying to grab a stitch. I don't use them anymore....bought better ones.
Husband uses
Good product good price
"need these all the time, nice"
Excellent Transaction - Super Fast Delivery - Item as described - Highly Recommend - A +++
Works really well and comfortable to hold in your hand. No complaints for the price
Love these hooks  Fist my hand nicely. Love the straight throat
Really good product
Best crochet hooks I have ever used. Light and durable. The colors are nice and the weight of them feels perfect v
Great product! Love it!
Nice
I've been wanting to pick up crocheting for years. My grandma does it and she taught me in my teen years. I was happy to find a multi pack of needles like this for sucha great price. They are sturdy and colorful. I'm very happy with them. I've had them for overs year now and they are worth went penny.
Light weight crochet hooks in popular sizes..good value. As always shipped and delivered in promised time frame.
NICE
"these are not so good to use especially when you have carpel tuner, bad right elbow and shoulder"
"I don't really like this type of hook, with the shaved down part right underneath. I prefer Boye brand, but these are good too I guess.

If you want to crochet a thing, you can do that thing with these."
"This crochet hooks were highly rated, for the most part, and that is the reason I purchased them.  It seemed like a good value at the time.  However, these hooks snag on my yarn and are not well made. There are sharp-ish edges , which is not good for crocheting.  They scratch my hands as I try to use them and even my kids don't like them.  I have been using the Susan Bates silvalume hooks, which have a bamboo handle. They are much more comfortable to use and I don't feel fatigued in my hand nearly as quickly.  I plan to make my next purchases an even higher quality hook, like the ones made by Furls."
Great deal and does the job!
"These hooks are made with pretty good material. I dropped it a few times on the floor and it didn't make a dent. I don't recommend aluminum hooks for beginners because as we are learning the craft, you want to develop a comfortable way of crocheting. My fingers would slide around when I work on my projects. I am looking into finding the hooks with the grip. My dominate hand is cramping up when I work on my project for too long."
Love it!! It meets all y expectations! Thank you very much! :) God bless!!
Fast shipping. Great product!
As described.
"These are OKAY. The first time I've used any of them, the color has come off the hook, and they are a bit pointy and sharp at the hook, which causes them to snag the yarn."
Perfect. And arrived on time.
giving as a gift
love these style hooks. no more snagging or splitting of my yarn!
"I like these hooks, they have a sharper inside angle, yarn does not slip as easily... Not fond of the more rounded ones.."
great hooks
Great price
I always preferred metal crochet hooks to plastic ones and I really love these crochet hooks. They feel nice to me when I use them and so far I have not had any problems with them. They have the letter size and mm size written on each hook.
I was so pleased to find these crochet hooks I have looked in stores and was unable to find them.  I like the metal better than acrylic and the flat base under the hook helps the yarn flow smoother. Very pleased with my purchase. !!!  Thank you
These hooks are the best. I've been crocheting for years. You will be delighted with this product.
Arrived quickly and as pictured. Good price.
"These are fantastic, especially for the price. The handles are a wee bit short for me, and the neck could be longer, but each person crochets differently, so keep that in mind when reading this review. The handle isn't a deal breaker because, even before I ordered, I planned to add polymer clay for custom handles. The hooks did great during the process of shaping and cooking the clay.

I was a life-long Boye user, but once I tried a Bates hook, I instantly became a convert to Bates.

Next up, I'm going to try their steel hooks.

Additionally, I'm teaching my niece to crochet and started teaching her with Boye hooks. We forgot a hook when we were taking a road trip, so I swung by a craft store. We grabbed a Bates hook and she had a much easier time with the Bates than the Boye.

I recommend these hooks to anyone."
"I got these for a stocking stuffer; the price was reasonable especially compared with local craft stores. Nice to have a complete set again, especially because I'm trying to use up leftover yarn from old knitting projects and getting stitches to the correct scale was challenging with my limited collection of crotchet hooks. Also, my daughter wants to learn and this will be a nice way for her to see how various hooks work (or don't) with different yarns. Great value  delivered right to my door! A+"
I had them years ago and lent them out and never got them back. I am sure they still have them now. They do not rust or break.  What more can you ask for.
"I am a beginner at crochet. These hooks are nice, although they do catch quite often. I am thinking I will try the plastic ones next. For the price though they aren't bad."
Just what I needed.
Great product! Fast service!
Susan Bates hooks are the absolute best.  The way they are manufactured makes them easier to use (over their competitors' design).
"I've had these hooks for now 6-7 years and they've held up well. They are heavy but ergonomic. There are several sizes included that work with all yarn widths and they can be used to make simple or complex patters. I purchased them for my 9 year old who wanted to learn to crochet and she was able to crochet a cap and a scarf and make several patterns. We still use them for our crochet projects, it's fun as the garment grows faster than knitting.

These hooks have retained their shape and have not bent even though they've been dropped, thrown into handbags. Good product."
"great product, love the color differences (makes easy to find and differentiate) and good quality."
"This shipment arrived promptly, and the product was exactly what I expected."
Just like the ones that I had been searching for and decided I had put in a Goodwill bag. I found mine the day before these arrived.  Mine have been used for years so hopefully these will last as long.
I love these crochet needles! Would like to see about a complete set from 1 to how every large they come!
"These hooks are smooth and wonderful, they make me so much faster. The shape is unique and keeps the yarn firmly in place I don't think I can even go back to my old hooks!"
Nice hooks
Just what I was looking for.  Thank you.
Good quality!!
"Arrived fast, it's just as advertised, can't wait to use it!"
"as expected, nice and smooth"
These come in handy for my current craft project. I recommend these hooks.
Great product.
"I prefer Bates brand. That said, I wish the cushioned hooks weren't so pricey as I think they would have been easier on my arthritic fingers."
Very satisfied
"These hooks are excellent and I won't use any others.  They are easy on your hands, glide smoothly through the yarn and never catch or slip off the yarn.  When I first began to crochet in earnest I bought other brands of hooks but they were uncomfortable to work with and made a pleasurable hobby difficult.  Then I tried Susan Bates hooks and was hooked!!  I recommend these for anyone from new crocheter to experienced."
"These are rare ""In Line"" crochet hooks; my favorite type.  No splitting of yarn."
I love these.  For me they work better than the other type of hook.  Especially useful when I'm doing something that requires a tight stitch.
GREAT
"Great item! Thanks
Would order again."
"<div id=""video-block-R1KKOSXG6HKV6I"" class=""a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block""></div><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/B1KZ1NAG8iS.mp4"" class=""video-url""><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/71HZt4RFVES.png"" class=""video-slate-img-url"">&nbsp;I purchased these last year when I entered a strange nesting phase.  I learned how to make what you see in the video with the help of youtube videos and step-by-step crochet web sites. The entire project in this video was made using the 9 mm hook from this kit with 1 1/2 of these: http://amzn.com/B001C2A4EM.  The hook held up great, was comfortable in my hand, and is pretty much the go-to hook for almost all of my projects.  Buy these hooks.  They are the best."
Gave as gift.
"I've ordered these twice, and love them.  I gave the first pack to a friend, and had to get a replacement pack for myself.  These are great!  They pick up the yarn easy, and don't snag all the time either."
Great price.
Love these.
"Susan Bates hooks are simply amazing, they slide and glide through the yarn with no fuss. I have ordered many hooks from amazon and they all leave much to be desired. These hooks just work...They make crocheting so much more enjoyable and in my opinion reduce some of the stress to my hands."
Just what I was looking for! quick shipping.
I loved the varying sizes and colors.  The pouch makes it so easy to carry with me when I am traveling.
"I bought these as my first crochet hooks, and they're great! I find them very easy to work with, and the yarn doesn't catch on them at all. I'm glad I got all kinds of different sizes since I ended up using a different gauge than the one recommended in the pattern I picked to make first."
Great set of Susan Bates Hooks
"I was looking to get back into crocheting, after many years.  This is a good set to have and works for most common projects."
I love my new hooks!
love these hooks.  they are very slick and easy to use
If you crochet then you need Susan Bates hooks.  They don't slip and they don't catch thread like other hooks.  Best price on the internet.  I love these hooks!  Thanks Amazon for having them on your site.  I will definitely buy again.  Thank you!!
A+++
The product was exactly as described. Good Price.
"Nice smooth finish. I prefer them over&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Boye-Crochet-Master-Steel-and-Aluminum-Crochet-Hook-Set/dp/B000WV84W8/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Boye Crochet Master Steel and Aluminum Crochet Hook Set</a>. Hook throat is flat with clean sharp edges. Hook catch is very clean and sharp. Point on hook head is well defined. Embossing is barely raised and I have not gotten any sore fingers from them. Each hook is marked with their 3 defined sizes: British #, Continental (mm) and U.S. Alpha."
shared some of these woderfull hooks with my friends
"love these hooks, just started and they were super easy to work with. I also sent a pair to my sister, so she can learn to crochet as well. would buy Susan Bates hooks again."
Nice assortment.
replaced old ones been busy with projects thanks
perfect
"Sturdy and high quality. Great for grandchildrens' arts and crafts,but don't know much else about crocheting."
"I was disappointed with the quality  of the crochet hooks. The F hook had a rough spot on the hook that had to be filed down, it was catching on the yarn.  I will know better next time,I should have ordered quality tools."
"Susan Bates: good quality, reasonable price"
Love my new hooks. They are smooth metal (for not snags) and have the in-line hook so I don't make my stitches too small.
Great
Susan Bates hooks are the best on the market today. They pick up and hold better than other hooks and I have used them for a very long time. I think any one would truly enjoy using these hooks for any project you are making. They are the best!
good product yarn gets caught on hooks not sanded enough
they are fine
"Gave this set to a friend so she could start learning how to crochet.  They feel nicely balanced in one's hand and hook the thread easily.  I""ve always used Susan Bates crochet hooks which is why I gave them with confidence."
I really like these hooks. Easiest to use of all the ones I own.
Nice set of needles for my granddaughter; I hope she enjoys them!!
I have always used Susan Bates crochet hooks and they are the best !! Would recommend them to anyone.
susan bates are the best
Crochet hooks works as promised! Great set!
I like this style better than the other.  Easier for me to crochet with
Nice travel pack and selection of sizes.  I take it on every trip so I am prepared no matter my project.
Great
I only ordered these because I had loaned my others to a friend.. but they are okay
My mom loved them.
Hooks aren't finished very well.  The aluminum finish is rough.
"Gave them as a gift to young Granddaughter, she liked them."
I've been using Susan Bates aluminum crochet hooks for over 50 years.  When I worked at a craft shop in the late 70's I got to try all different hooks and kept coming back to Susan Bates.  You absolutely cant go wrong with these.
great
These are the best crochet needles around.
I love these. They don't snag near as easily as the other type.
Easy to use. Yarns glides easily with no snags.
Received as expected.
Lightweight basic hooks. My only dislike is my yarn would get caught and ravel. They're good for beginners or for an extra set. Great price.
"To be honest, I'm actually disappointed with the quality of these.  They are sharp and edgy (actually cut my finger on them) and they tend to split the yarn and don't pull through the stitches smoothly at all.  Such a shame."
CROCHET HOOKS...MY FIRST SET...THEY SEEM FINE TO ME.
Great
works well
Daughter love them
"I love these hooks since the actually hook doesn't protrude from the rest of the stem, it seems to just glide through while working especially if you are stitching fast. I will be buying Susan Bates hooks from now on because I love the design."
Comfortable.
This is a should have tools for beginner. Very smooth and easy to use
It amazing for beginners and fast crocheters. I am able to quickly grab yarn without the worry of getting it stuck. I really like it over the Boyes. I have a collection of Boyes but now I only use the Bates :D
"Decent hooks for beginners like me.  One of the hooks (G?) was a little sharp on the edge and would snag the yarn, so that is why I am giving a 4/5. I also had to spend a little extra to buy the hook grippy pad things (I'm sure that is the technical name for it.) ;) because the medal sort of hurt after a while, but I think that is a personal preference."
Chinese-POOR QUALITY
"Great price, quick ship, exactly as described."
They hold the yarn just right for me.  I also like the crisp indentation of the hook head.
"Fine for my purposes as I am mainly a knitter who crochets simple borders, flowers, accents every now and then. For the price, I thought this was a good buy. They aren't as smooth as some knitting needles I've used, so the ""flow"" of the yarn is not as smooth, but I've had no problems with snagging or anything like that. I don't think these would be ideal for large crochet projects, but again, I'm not an advanced crochet artist. ;)"
I very much like this crochet hooks because they are very easy to use.  The thread doesn't fall off.
Great set of needles  easy to use .  Like these products  easy to read I did use a rubber grip on hook to make it easier on my hands because of arthritis so this helped.  These are great hooks and I would recomend.  Thank you
"These hooks were exactly what I needed for the projects I am creating!  I have used Bates crochet hooks before, but needed these sizes!"
If you crochet you know to go with Susan. They don't seem to sell them in many craft stores any more and Boye is simply no comparison. Glides in and out effortlessly and saves so much time.
"pretty much the standard for inexpensive good quality aluminum hooks.
cheap enough to buy multiple (kids lose them, freinds borrow them) and good enough quality that they don't snag,"
These are Susan Bates hooks and as far as i am concerned they are the best. Everyone has their own style and these do just what i want. I would recommend them and buy them again.
Susan Bates Crochet Hooks give a smooth flow to your yarn without catching the yarn.  This is a nice collection of sizes.
"These Crocheting Hooks were the exact type I was looking for. Plus with points accumulated, I received them for FREE!!!!"
"I am happy with this purchase. Since I am starting to crochet,  I need a needle that helps me holding the tread and it does. My only concern is about its colors. The paint seems that will come off after few uses. But, overall it's is a great choice for this  price."
"Been crocheting for 42 years and have tried everything.  These are so smooth, precise, and easiest to use.  I love having al, of the sizes in one kit.  The difference in these versus others in shape of the head.  It is perfect.  I can fly using this brand. Great price through Amazon!"
"I use them all the time. They are a very nice quality. Also, a great price. I love to crochet!"
Tese are bettr than ther brand design but not as good and smooth as my older Bates hooks.  They were made in Mexico and have sharp hook edges which I used a nail file on to smooth off a bit and had to scratch in the letter ID because the mold used did not show the lettering as clearly as the older versions of this style hook.
This was a great variety of sizes for using for all kinds of things..I like to crochet and I use the smaller ones to help me with the rainbow loom bands...They are sturdy and work way better than the plastic rainbow loom comes with
"I bought these for less than you'd pay at Joann's or Michael's craft stores. I lose my coupons to those stores, so this was a great option."
This is a great package and it was sent to me faster than I had expected! Always a plus!!!!  Love it!
"I like both types of crochet hooks, but these are the best of their type. I use them with a cushion added since they are too thin for me, like most hooks."
"They don't split yarn and make it much easier to achieve your desired stitch. They've been my ""go to"" choice for 20 years.

Similar manufacturers such as Boye make poorer quality much less efficient hooks. They spilt the yarn and increase my project time by a 1/3.

Susan Bates is the best"
"I choose these crochet hooks,  because they hold the yarn so much better than the other ones I have used."
"I recently bought these hooks knowing that quite a lot of people favor them and I can see why. They glide easily through stitches, are easy to hold and handle, come in very easy to see colors so you can determine your sizes by color, they dig into the stitches more so than any hook I've used, they aren't flimsy due to being aluminium and they come with a easy to store pouch. I can't fault them."
"perfect for all the projects from baby to afghans. Not made in China,so that's a plus . These are great quality and just the right sizes you will need."
This package of hooks has been great for my daughters Rainbow Loom set. The plastic hook that comes with the set did not last very long with her making so many different intricate items. The different sizes allowed her to do more too.
I was so happy to receive this shipment.  It was exactly what I was looking for.  I will purchase additional sizes in the very near future.  I still am looking for the finger guards for the crochet hooks.
"These are the very best crochet hooks money can buy, they have a nice point on the end and go through the yarn like butter, I crochet every day and these are all I will use!"
"Susan Bates have always been my favorite crochet hooks.  Recently I was looking for some for a friend in various stores and couldn't find them, all the stores seemed to only carry Boye brand which I've tried but don't like.  The hook part on the Boye brand is not deep enough to hold the yarn and it slips out/off.  They also sometimes have rough edges.  Then I tried Amazon and found this wonderful set of 6 very popular sizes of Susan Bates.  Amazon saved me again, thank so much.  If you've tried other brands and are dissatisfied, I would encourage you to try Bates, think you'll love them and they will be your favorites also.  They've been around for years, my mother always used them too.  Thanks again Amazon!"
i needed to use this during radation and chemo treatment - was the best toothbrushes for sore gums and mouth
"This is actually my second set of these hooks, my first set got taken away from me at the Mazatlan, Mexico airport a few weeks ago. (Don't get me started....). So it was really convenient to buy these all at once in this package."
Very good quality. I am just beginner and this has all the sizes I'd like to experiment with. However my mom uses Boye. She likes the smooth neck of her crochet hook compared to the sharp neck of this one as sometimes the thread of wool can get caught in it and slow your speed. I'm yet to get to that stage :P
Great set at a great price.  I have use different hooks and these are my favorite ones.  Easy to use and handle.  I like the thumb rest on them as well.
"I have been crocheting for over 50 years but it took my daughter to figure out that Susan Bates crochet hooks make the job easier.  We haven't figured out why, but they seem to catch and release the yarn more smoothly."
Coats & Clark provides fast shipping and a excellent product. The Susan Bates hooks are easier to crochet with. I absolutely love this product and recommend!
"I WAS VERY PLEASED TO RECEIVE THE CROCHET HOOKS.
THANK YOU FOR A FINE JOB AS ALWAYS.
FROM NORTH CAROLINA"
These crochet needles are great for any project.  They are good quality needles.  Recommend these for anyone who uses aluminum needles.
pkg they came in was ripped NOT in a good shape at all. now got to find hooks for bulky yarn
"I was disappointed because I thought I was buying the ""old"" style crochet hooks.  That is the reason for giving 4 stars instead of 5.  I will still use them or give them away, but find the new style splits the yarn much more and I cannot work as quickly."
I have always preferred aluminum over plastic for my crochet and knitting tools. These are really nice and have a smooth finish. This is helpful to prevent snagging of the yarn.
Satisfied with the price and quality of these.  I liked the fact I was getting a variety of sizes.  Ive seen these as highly recommended in the amazon reviews and that is what helped me choose which to purchase.
Just what I was looking for and they arrived in the time frame stated. I prefer the Susan Bates crochet hooks to work on all my projects and I cant always find them in the local stores.
"I taught myself to crochet 6 years ago with Boye hooks.  I've used them exclusively (save for two light up ones I bought for crocheting in the car) and never considered switching brands.  I crochet a moderate amount and sell a good portion of my projects.  Someone requested an item that needed a J hook, which I did not have, so when I went to purchase I figured why not just try this inexpensive set to see if it makes my crocheting any easier or faster.  Many reviews led me to believe that I'd become a crocheting machine once I had these hooks, and they do work well, but sadly I haven't seen any great improvement in my speed or fluidity since making the switch.  Since receiving them however, I have used them almost exclusively which I guess says I like them at least equally well to the Boye hooks.  I have found that the shaft is shorter on the larger hooks which makes fitting multiple loops for double, triple, crocheting together, etc. tricky at times."
Susan Bates is my preferred brand. I am able to crochet very fast with this design hook. I don't like using anything else.
Great product and at a great price too! :) They are listed for more in the store (what a rip off!) I would definitely recommend :)
These are the best hooks I have ever used!  They do not pick the yarn.  I highly recommend these to anyone who loves to crochet!
Good price for this set.  Use Susan bates for all my crochet hooks and this set gives me a variety of standard size hooks.
Gifted it to my mom along with A to Z of Crochet: The Ultimate Guide for the Beginner to Advanced Crocheter and Lion Brand Yarn Bonbons and she loves it. She doesn't stop crocheting now! :)
I received this earlier than I was told to expect it and am just loving how smoothly it glides through the yarn.  Like butter.
"Not much can be said - they work well. The design of the hook is the shape I prefer - not the blunt contoured hooks that can make crochet less than pleasant. These are the type with a more blunt tip, and sharp, wide hook. I've never seen names for the two hook designs. Have you?"
"I have been getting so stressed and anxious lately that I was thinking of learning how to knit, but instead I remembered these crocheting classes I took a few years back. I wasn't exactly sure how to get started again, but started off by buying this set based on reviews. Without fail, I am extremely happy with the purchase and cannot emphasize enough how easy these hooks made my transition back into crocheting."
"PRODUCTS WERE GREAT QUALITY, GREAT SELECTION, RIGHT PRICE AND FAST SERVICE. MANY PRODUCT CHOICES ON THIS SITE. A PLACE TO LOOK FOR WHAT YOU NEED."
"i haven't crocheted in years, but as i'm getting back into crafting, i saw this good deal and was excited to work with them. they're really nice. :) definitely recommend!!"
"These are good quality crochet hooks in sizes F, G, H, I, J and K and in pretty colors.  There are no sharp edges or burrs that might snag or cut whatever yarn you may be using.  They come in a nice little plastic case that you can keep them in.  I recommend them."
Susan Bates are the Only hooks I'll use. I have been using them for over thirty-five years.  Reasonable priced/excellent product.
I recently learned how to crochet and I was using a hook I borrowed from a friend. I kept splitting the yard so after a little research I learned about inline hooks and ordered these. I never split my yarn anymore. I'll stick with this brand for other sizes.
"I love to crochet and these hooks are perfect.  I am happy I was able to get different sizes and colors in one pack.  The price was right I couldn't pass up the opportunity to purchase.

Thanks"
"Im just learning to crochect but i love them! Lightweight, easy to use, yarn glides easily. I highly reccomend it. Also the sellar was fantastic!"
"These are great for the price.  I am very pleased and would purchase again.  What can you say about crochet hooks, these  have worked for me."
"This is a great product. You get exactly what you see in the picture and it's good quality. Works perfect, very satisfied."
Picked these up at Michael's because they looked great at the hook part and seemed the thread would slide easily and was I right! I was working with a cheap bamboo beginner set that was terrible. If you want a starter pack GO WITH THESE! It's cheaper and the case is super handy to keep everything in its proper place. I don't have a bad thing to say about them! Trying the Clover hooks next I will post a review later :)
"I bought this hook set a year ago, and this is the second time I buy it to give it as a gift. The first time you use it the material feels kind of hard, but the more use you give it, it gets softer, and now it just slides through the yarn. I love it, and I recommend this hook set for anyone. The price is amazing, it's like one dollar for a hook! Pretty cool! I also love the colors, and the pouch material is durable, though after six months I made my own crochet pouch. :)"
When i  ordered theses  i was  hoping for  none  shanks  but  doesn't  seem like anyone knows  how to  make  True  crochet hooks  no  more ..
These are my favorite brand of crochet hooks.  They are the ones my grandmother always used (she taught me how to crochet) and they go through the yarn easily.  Highly recommend!
"I am very disappointed in these. The edges of the ""hook portion"" is very sharp and catches the wool.  It is not the say quality as the Boyle hook that I had."
Very nice colors and sizes.  You can never have too many crochet hooks!!!!  :-)  My favorite hook brand.  CROCHET IS FUN!
"I just recently got into crocheting, and wound up buying a second set of these so I can have more than one project going and not necessarily need to stop because of only one hook being available. Grandma used Bates, so if they're good enough for Grandma, they're good enough for me!"
My sister is excited to starting crocheting with me.  This set will provide her with a great starting point.  The price is just right.
"This is a nice assortment of hooks in frequently used sizes that comes in its own plastic storage pouch. I've been crocheting for over 40 years and have tried a variety of different crochet hooks. These are, without a doubt, my favorites. The end of these hooks is pointed, which makes it easy to insert into tight stitches. The throat is deep, making it easy to catch the yarn when you do a yarn over. The aluminum hooks are lightweight and quite durable. I like the plastic case pouch as well: it makes it easy to find the size hook you need and protects the hooks from scratches or getting lost in the bottom of your crafting or project bag."
Susan Bates crochet hooks are my favorite brand. I bought these for my daughter & granddaughter since I already have & use a set of my own.
These Susan Bates hooks are the only way to go when crocheting.  I like the deep hook (boye is too shallow) and the smoothness of the hook.  These are the hooks my mom always liked also.
"(Sounds like a boring Ang Lee movie, right?)  I bought these hooks because I don't really like the Boye head design and I was having problem with rough edges catching on the yarn.  These are actually at least as bad, as in about 20 stitches the paint was chipping off and the edges are snagging like crazy.  I give two stars instead of one because they are really, really, cheap but it definitely shows.  Waste of money.

Update - I bought the acrylic version of these hooks (Susan Bates brand) and they are much better.  No snags at all."
"I'm learning to crochet, so I bought several different kinds of hooks to try.  I thought I liked the Boye hooks, until I lost one and pulled the same size out of this pack.  I really like these much better.  The hook grabs the yarn much better, and I can crochet much faster and more evenly."
"They arrived as ordered, I have used them and they are sturdy and easily identified with the impressed letter/number so that you can make sure it corresponds with American and International directions.  Price was right, would purchase this item again."
for the amount of crochet hooks that are in this pack it was def worth the price!  I love having the choice of what size I want to use and not having to stick with one size for every project
i love this kind of hooks i only wish there were more sizes like all the sizes then i would buy more
"Great set for all skill levels, particularly beginners. Quality hooks, no catches, true to gauge, easy on the hands. Good price."
i loved colors that it came in when i bought them and the sizes that i needed to make the baby blanket i was hoping to make plus i loved looking at the shipping slip and seeing thank you it made my day. hoping to buy more from yall thank you. :)
"I found these crochet hooks in the head form that I like but, was disappointed at the quality of the product. The color was coming off and the metal material was cheap. These were not made in the USA and it shows. Living overseas I was forced to order them on line and am disappointed. These are good if you really want hooks with Susan Bates head form but other wise be prepared for the color coating to start peeling."
"These hooks are beautiful to look at, but they're also lightweight and easy to use. Each hook is marked with what letter they are, as well as how many milometers, which makes it helpful to know which is which, and the clear pouch they come in is great for storing them. They feel very durable, too, and I expect that I'll be able to use them for a very long time. I would definitely recommend this set to anyone just starting out with crochet."
"Okay so I'm a guy.  Most ppl, even my son, think i am a bit strange to be crocheting.  But, I love to do it and it helps pass the time and is relaxing and productive.  Idle hands and all huh?  Well I learned on boye brand too but recently got some Susan bates traditional (old style).  I must point out that the older style makes a different gauge than the newer style.  the newer ones are looser or bigger.  They don't penetrate the stitches as well as their older cousins but they do hold the yarn better.  I bought this set and then bought a set (at a great price) of the bamboo handles ones 9I had problems with my finger top getting sore and my arthritis acting up as the hooks can be cold.  I love the way it feels like an extension of my fingers.  these are the best I have tried thus far, and i have tried a lot.  they are cost effective too.  I would recommend this set for any level and especially for a gift, even if the person you are getting them for already has some.  I now have 3 sets and use all of them almost as much.  some travel, some stay at the house while some are just in ongoing projects.  never have to look for a hook now."
"I love these crochet hooks. They've got the inline heads and I just find it so much easier to keep the yarn on the hook. The crochet hooks I used to buy were rounded and my yarn would always slip right off. It was really frustrating. I would start a project and stop because it was so difficult. With the Silvalume hooks, I can actually get my projects finished!"
"My favorite brand of crochet hooks! The hooks ""holds"" the yarn more than the other brands like Boye, etc.  I have friends who aren't in favor of them, but for me they're my best choice. It's the only brand that I can use."
I used to only used Boye.  Now I find I like Bates better. They seem well made. I'll update if they break.
"I don't know what it is, but I love these hooks! They just slide through the yarn like butter! I can totally tell the difference between these hooks and the various others I've purchased in the past!"
Super fast service. Perfect for most of your crochet yarns. I really needed an extra set to share with my girls.
"I needed these in a pinch to finish a project and they came quickly, with free shipping (I ordered them around the holidays). They are very good quality, with no imperfections that I have found. I would order them again! Also, the colors are pretty!"
Great Crochet hooks. Nice colors and different sizes are a plus to have.  I would buy more again if needed.
"It's good price and quility..
I am happy with this..
I will crochet  my table cover.
thanks fast delivery and good crochet hook set.."
"Good well defined points and hooks make these crochet hooks work effortlessly through all yarns, I highly recommend this set and brand of hooks."
Great buy. It is a good value for the number of hooks in the package. I am traveling and didn't have any hooks with me. Ordered these to use where I am visiting. Glad I did.
Excellent product! These appear to be of high quality & I am so glad I purchased them :-) My nieces will truly enjoy them
"I have been crocheting for 40+ years, and have always used Susan Bates hooks because I love them.  I needed a few more sizes, so I ordered this package.  They arrived today and I immediately started a project I was waiting to start.  What a complete disappointment.  The quality of these crochet hooks is the worst I have ever witnessed.  The edges of the hook are so sharp and jagged that they snag the yarn WITH EVERY STITCH.  And ALL of the hooks in the package are like this; not just the one I was using.  I compared them to my old Susan Bates hooks - absolutely no comparison.  I could not be more disappointed with these hooks."
"My favorite hooks, inline head. I recommend them for smooth crocheting with even stitches.
Nice to have all sizes available."
"love susan Bates products, feels so comfortable in your hands,won't tear the yarn like some of the others. great buy too"
"The Susan Bates Silvalume Crochet hook set in pouch size are listed on the out side of the pouch, and are great as expected."
"This set is OK for someone who is experimenting with crocheting.  I wasn't sure if I was going to like crocheting, and after spending a small fortune on knitting needles I wanted something inexpensive.  Of my set of hooks, one of them was ""bad"" - it had barbs which I had to file down with a metal file.  Even filed, however, the hook does not function very smoothly.  I will definitely be replacing this set with some nicer hooks."
Made in China.  Rough edges make working with yarn impossibly difficult. Every stitch is a problem unto itself.  Very Disappointed .
I love susan bates crochet hooks!  I started out on Boye and was always frustrated.  So I tried this brand and will never go back.  I actually threw out all of my Boye hooks. I just find these are so much easier to crochet with.  Now this is all I will buy!
"These hooks have a pointier edge than the ones I'm used to, which makes them easier to work with. This kit also had many of the most-often used sizes, which is great for people who always like to be able to have the right hook on hand for whatever project they happen to be working on that day."
"Exactly what I wanted. The hook is deep enough that it easily grabs the yarn. I like that each hook is a different color, so it's easy to pick out the one I need. And with 6 sizes, I have what I need for most crochet projects. Plus, the plastic pouch is great for storage when I'm not using the hooks."
This set gives you a nice variety of different sizes of crochet hooks.  I like the variety very much. It's almost inexpensive.
Not bad for the price and they're sturdy too. I likely the fact that it has the U.S. Letters and mm on them
"Susan Bates has the best crochet hooks, easy to work with, smooth, and the only kind I will use. When one wants the best crochet hooks you look for Susan Bates."
I give these 5 stars because I've bought the plastic hooks previously and love those too but it didn't seem to work with me cause about a year ago I had a stroke so when I crochet I queeze the hooks and they use to break easily so I got these and that seem to be durable I don't think my hand would break these!
I am so glad I bought this set.  I love the inline hooks they work much better for me.  I love having all my hooks together in one pack so I don't have to but them separate and they stay all together.  I also like that the main hook sizes I use came in this set.
"These hooks are very durable and easy to work with, though the paint may chip easily. The size collection is just right for beginners all the way to advanced crocheters. I consider myself of an intermediate skill level. I like the colors particularly - not for the appearance, but for how easy it is to remember which color corresponds to which size. This makes them very easy to store, organize, and locate quickly for different projects."
I love these metal hooks because they are the perfect weight for me. They are smooth and well balanced and I love crocheting with them.
"Have been crocheting for 30 years now, and have always used Boyce brand needles.  However, have lost one set of
my aluminum needles.  Ordered these because they are aluminum also.  They are not exactly like my old set of needles,
seem shorter but they will do nicely.  The stitch seems to be about the same, and there are no rough parts on them."
"the product came today, it is exactly as described even though I hoped the smallest one would be more smaller, but nevertheless it will be useful.

Only time will show its quality and durability. Otherwise it feels good in the hand."
"I bought these because they were a good price.  I'm not sure what else I can say about them, except they seem to be a good quality and they work."
"I bought these to send with my daughter to college.  Crocheting calms her down and she make some of the prettiest projects.  These hooks are great for using on all yarns,  even the ones that are not twisted tightly.  Some hooks have a tendency to split yarns when you are pulling through, these rarely do. They also arrived before expected."
"I bead summer time, crochet during winter. Since I have small children, I ordered multiple packs. Living in Alaska, a lot of items are expensive. This was affordable and most enjoyable to use."
Bought these for my wife (she crochets) and she really likes them. They glide over yarn easily and aren't too heavy. Only downside might be nitpicking on her part but she was disappointed in aesthetic quality of the hooks. There are the occasional  tiny dot of missing color on hooks. Not a big deal but kept hooks from being rated 5 stars instead of 4.
"These hooks are durable for countless years , easy to use, and the colors are nice.  I did not pay attention to the brand at first, but now that I am using these hooks, I realize name brand sometimes matters.  I'm happy to get them again."
"I've been crocheting over 50 years and have used several difference needle brands, but I always come back to Susan Bates Silvalume. I also like her hooks with bamboo handles. The hooks are light-weight and the tips are more chiseled and defined than other brands, which for me results in less split yarn and fewer dropped stitches."
I more so got this for sewing as to push through or pull material inside out when it's a tight fit and didn't want something that would tear the material I was working with.  So since it works for it's not intended purpose I am guessing it works well with what it was made for!!
"Most of my experience with chrochet hooks is from using steel hooks for making doily (#6, 10, 12).  So you know I used very fine point hooks.  For normal yarn projects, I used to use small bamboo hooks (#3 and 4.  I think they were made in Japan, but not sure which brand) and loved those.  However, I wanted to get slightly bigger hooks for my projects and started to look around.

I knew I wanted to get the inline head hooks and something that's smooth gliding and sturdy.  However, bamboo hooks seemed expensive.  And I wasn't sure how often I'd be crocheting, so wasn't into spending fortune on hooks.  Susan bates hooks appeared to satisfy my need. And their color coding was pretty too.

The actual handling?  So far, I liked it.  I used F5 and G6 and they don't split yarn and grip yarns well.  (I used 100% wool, 100% cotton and 55% acryl/45% nylon yarns)  But that really depends on how individuals do it, so I can't speak for others.  As for the larger hooks, I personally feel the heads are bulky and too round that I wish they were pointier.  Granted there are hook heads that are rounder than these and if you look close at them, they indeed are pointy (at the top).  However, my steel hook experience made me feel like I prefer pointy, really pointy needle like tips.  Again, it's just my preference.

But overall, I'm satisfied with the purchase."
"I previously bought some Boye hooks because that is all they had at my local crafts store. I decided to buy these because of the high review ratings and I am very happy I did!! These are so much better than the Boye Hooks I have, and so far I have had no problems with the hook snagging on the yarn. SO HAPPY!! :) Definitely buy these to avoid the frustration from Boye hooks."
"these make the crocheting so easy! worth the price too! the colors are a plus, really like it!
wish the pouch was of a better quality only. thanks!"
"these are good sturdy crochet hooks, come in 6 sizes. i love using them. good price. cant ask for more!!"
"I've always used Boye needles and this is a step down from it only because of the way it's shaped, that's my only complaint. Other than that, I believe these needles offer the potential of getting my crochet projects done and they may be able to help me with my loom knitting ideals."
"I learned to crochet from my grandmother years ago, but only picked it up again in the last few years. I had a couple of these hooks that she'd given me over the years; literally, two of them, a J size and an F size.  I finally decided it was time for my own set. With prime shipping, these were like half the price they are in my local craft stores for the same set, so it was a no-brainer to order them.

The hooks I got seem to be of the same quality as my older ones.  I love the way the yarn slides on them so easily and I'm used to the shape and slant of the tip, so I like it.  I can't speak to more intricate projects; I don't really get past mid-level difficulty in my projects.  But for simple blankets, scarves, hats and bags, I'm very happy with these and I do love the colors.

I will say a couple of mine arrived slightly chipped in spots.  It doesn't affect their utility or anything, and my old ones are a little chipped too, but just sayin'.  Still very happy with them."
"These hooks are great for the price. You get six different sizes for different yarn weights. The hooks are light weight and smooth so they don't snag the fluffiest of yarns. For a beginner, these are perfectly acceptable hooks. I like that they are color coded so you can grab them quickly without having to determine the size by sight."
"A defining feature to these hooks is the straight notch on the head of the hook. It is much more defined than other hooks. I find it easier to crochet with these because I can hold onto the yarn better and have less slip. If I have a situation where I have a Boye brand hook but no Bates brand hook, I would rather take a trip to the store to buy a new Bates hook than use a non-Bates brand. The time I would take to go to the store and back, I would make up for in the speed and efficiency at which I can crochet using this hook brand over another.
Similarly, I like the aluminum finish. They are very lightweight, but not flimsy at all. Very sturdy. This would be a great gift for the beginner and advanced user alike. All around great product. My absolute favorite hook se."
I purchased this item for a crochet club that I was leading at a middle school.  You can't beat Susan Bates for metal hooks and this set which contained very popular sizes was no acceptation.
"My daughter ordered this to use to teach herself how to crochet.  They worked well, but she is still learning..."
I am new to crocheting but this pack of hooks are great! The variation in sizes give me a chance to find that right fit for me.
Just exactly what I am looking for!!! They so easy to use and glide smoothly thru the yard. Might to look another size... Just to complete my collection 
"I got 2 F hooks, 2K hooks, 1 H hook, 1I hook. I really need the J hook. I just ordered another set  and I hope I get lucky this time"
I'm not a crochet expert yet (just beginning) so I cant say whether these are the best or the worse type but so far so good. I like them. Maybe once I get more experience under my belt and try different crochet hook brands I will change my opinion
"My wife decided to pick up crochet and got these to start, she loves them! the only other thing she needed was a yarn needle"
This is the second set Ive ordered. I ordered these as back up in case I lose any of the ones I have. Bates hooks are by far my favorite and I might just buy a third set someday. I recommend these highly!
There's not a whole lot to say about crochet hooks...they are crochet hooks. These were purchased to replace some of my plastic hooks and they have satisfied that completely. I was able to purchase the entire set for about the price of a single hook. Great deal.
"EXACTLY what I was looking for.  The price was excellent.  Always, the local stores are out of a size and charge much more.  This entails returning to the store at additional cost and time spent."
"Having lost a crochet hook, I figured the quickest way to find it was to replace it. Well, I still haven't found that lost one, but I have used all the hooks in this set and I'm glad that I bought it!"
This was a great find thought they were the same price as most craft stores if you are like me and too lazy to go get it here.
"I like very much the inline style of this crochet hooks.
 there are mare expensive hooks in the market but not
  necessarily  better ones.
It's a pity that hook no. 4.5 mm is missing from the set."
yes  love them.  just what i wanted. Great made quality. i love the large rounded hook tops.  these are hard to find here. as far as the shipping.  coats and clark shipped them out to me before the estimated date to be shipped out to me. I will ordor from coats and clark again.  Thank You.
There's not a whole lot to say about crochet hooks...they are crochet hooks. These were purchased to replace some of my plastic hooks and they have satisfied that completely. I was able to purchase the entire set for about the price of a single hook. Great deal.
Title says it. I've used these hooks for years. I've taken up crocheting again and had to replace my hooks. These are always my first choice!
I purchased these Crochet Hook Set and the price was quite reasonable compared to the prices at JoAnns and Walmart.  These are much better than the Coats & Clark Crystalites Acrylic Crochet Hooks and have a better feel.
"Great as it gives all the hooks required, and saves you from buying seprately and  the books gives the ideas of which hook to use for which projest so you can never go wrong.  excellent and Higly recommed.
thanks for the fast shipment and excellent service."
"I'm not a crocheter. Let me start with that. I knit. There are many projects out there that are finished with crocheting techniques, and the size range in this set has been great for that. They're also great for fishing out those d*mned dropped stitches found several rows back."
"I love the different colors and sizes.  I bought these along with the A to Z of Crochet: The Ultimate Guide for the Beginner to Advanced...What a find.  Thanks,"
"My friend was teaching me some new stitches, and when she took hold of my project she was annoyed by my Boyd hook.  She had me try her Bates, and I couldn't believe the difference.  I thought hooks were hooks, but the Bates are so much smoother to use.  Don't even bother with the Boyd."
Susan Bates Crochet Hooks are smooth and easy to handle...Will be ordered more sizes in the crochet hooks..Are there more sizes in the crochet hooks?
"sometimes I want a susan bates hook and sometimes I want a boye hook. This assortment of susan bates hooks made a fine
addition to my hook case. I prefer to have 2 of each size in my case and if possible to include a susan bates hook as 1 of each size because they crochet so smoothly."
"I never write reviews, but I must say these are exactly as advertised. They are crochet hooks in pastel colors."
Quality hooks in most often used sized. Bought a set for myself and one for a friend who's just learning to crochet.
"I picked this rating of this product because it is an excellent ""brand"" product and well made. I will recommend to any one I find who crochets and/or would buy these as a gift for another person because of the quality of the product and the merchant, who I found to be excellent in all aspects of the selling/buying experience.  My order was completed and delivered in a remarkably good manner and the product is exactly as shown on Amazon."
I love these hooks. I am new to crochet and these have been awesome for learning. Plus they are a good price and very pretty!
"I love to crochet and really like good sturdy metal hooks for it.  These are perfect for the things I crochet.  Thank You,
Donna Gilman"
I like these angled hooks and they are really durable. They are my go to hook and this was a great price.
"it is exactly what is advertised, I'm not sure what else to say about it. They're durable and useful and I crochet with them."
"These are very light weight needles that works well. For a beginer crochet lover
these needles will be very helpful."
The pouch is very handy for holding the hooks in my crochet basket.  I gave it a 4 star because a few of the hooks had burrs which were hard to remove.
I had no idea these crochet hooks were seconds.  They're all chipped.  Would have been nice to know that before I ordered them.
"Good assortment of aluminum hooks.  These are the most commonly used sizes, so I bought this set and haven't had to buy any extras for things like hats, mittens, etc."
I am teaching my granddaughters how to crochet and don't have alot of money to buy them their own crochet hooks so this was perfect for me....the price was great.
"Nice, easy to use tools for crocheting.  This is a basic set that color codes the sizes and can stay in the handy bag for easy grabbing and looking."
"Nice and smooth, yarn doesn't get caught on it, very pretty colors. Also very reasonably priced for the assortment. I keep them in the pouch when not using. Aluminum so it's light weight and hasn't given me trouble with fatigue."
"good variety of sizes,  shipped quickly- very convenient to have all in one place in a package.  Very happy with these. would recommend to others."
I only use these needles because they are shorter and the neck stays flat under the hook.  The Boye needles a little too long and too narrow at the hook and splits my thread.  The Susan Bates needled allow me to crochet fast and even!
These are great Crochet Hooks! They let my hands fly because they never hang up in the yarn or split the threads. This is a nice collection of sizes at a nice price. I first used these when they were recommended to me by an avid crocheter. I pass that recommendation on.
Have you every crochet with only two hooks in your stash.  I have for years and when I have seen the prices of hooks at craft stores I cringe and decide to stick to my two faithful ones.  But seeing this great deal on all the hooks I could need for my projects made me jump at the offer.  They are very high quality and are already hard at work on several projects.  Can't beat Coats & Clark or for that matter Amazon.com
Recomend this product to everyone.  Have tried other products--stitch guage is important and these hooks perform very well.  Not often found in all stores that carry craft supplies.
The colors are so cool! This crochet set is wonderful and i'm in love with it. It's handy and i'm totally satisfied
I've crocheted for many years.  These crochet hooks work for me.  But I can't say that I've ever had a crochet hook I didn't like!
Got these for my girlfriend she just started crocheting and she says that the pointed/tapered hooks are much nicer than the roundish ones.
"I like these hooks much better than the ones I grew up using. Since they're a little different shape, they take a little getting used to. However, I never want to use anything else. I can crochet 3 hours at a time and not get tired or cramped."
"Susan Bates makes the best hooks of all competitors.  They hook the yarn with the yarn rarely sliding off the hook.

Every one I teach to crochet, I encourage them to buy Susan Bates!"
"These hooks are a great buy, they glide very smooth through the yarn with no snags or splitting. I highly recommend this set."
"I chose this rating  because there is nothing that I dislike about this product and it gets the job done and they are comfortable to use and the price is great and yes, I would recommend this to anyone.  Thank you very much."
I keep losing my hooks in all the projects I have all over the place...can't go wrong with these.  A classic!
"As an avid crocheter, I am always needing more hooks.  I found these online and ordered them.  They come in a nice little carrying pouch, they are in great colors.  The price is great.  A really good deal."
To me Susan Bates is the BEST when it comes to crochet hooks. All the others split the thread. I've been using Susan Bates since my mother taught me to crochet when I was 12 yrs. old. I don't care for any of the other brands.
"I'm new to crocheting and had purchased another brand of hook, while I was waiting on these hooks to arrive, and my first project was a disaster with the other hook....snags, and just a jumbled mess.  As soon as my package arrived with my new hooks I got them out and immediately started my project over from the very beginning.......these are the smoothest hooks ever.  After reading the reviews, I'm soooo glad I purchased them.  I won't ever go back to the other brand.

Highly recommend these hooks to anyone either beginner or more advanced in crocheting."
"I found a lot of patterns online for Plarn. What a great way to use all those plastic bags we seem to accumulate. I have used each hook for one project or another and they work well with the plastic yarn. When Christmas and three of my adult children and four of my friends' birthdays was looming and I without any money, I looked around and found my plethora of plastic bags. I started crocheting like crazy with these hooks. Thank you for a great product and for fast delivery!"
"The crochet hooks in this set provide just about every size I'm likely to need as I learn the craft. I like the different colors, too. It helps me find the hook I need quickly."
"I am new to the world of chrocheting and wasn't sure of the quality, my mom came to visit and I showed her the set and she said it was a good one."
This is the first time I try crochet and these have been great to use.  I have pretty much all the sizes I need and they are light and easy to use
"Because of a broken right wrist a few years ago (and I'm right handed), and the arthritis and limited range of motion left after its surgery, I'd been unable to crochet for a long time. I missed it; I used to find it very therapeutic. I had an extremely high stress job, and after getting home and settling in for the evening, there was something very calming and therapeutic about sitting down and crocheting. From time to time after the fracture/surgery, I'd try again, but always failed because of pain and/or cramping in my right hand and wrist.

Recently, I just had a feeling that NOW I could do it. The problem? I'd moved back home to California a few years ago...and all my crochet supplies were still in unopened boxes in my garage! Rather than attempt to locate them, I ordered new stuff.

It had been years since I purchased crochet hooks, and honestly had no recollection of which brand(s) I may have used before. So I started looking around on Amazon, doing what I always do--reading reviews to see what other people like/dislike, checking ratings for quality and so on. I liked the variety of sizes offered in this particular set, and after checking its reviews decided to buy it.

I'm very pleased. Like my gut instinct had told me, I AM able to crochet again! Not for very long at any one time, necessarily, but at least I can do it. I find these crochet hooks to be very comfortable, a nice weight, and a perfect length for me.

I'm currently working on a blanket, and while its progress has been slow, it's coming along. I'm thrilled to be able to do this once-favorite hobby again. I love the crochet hooks and definitely recommend them. Oh, their colors are pretty, too!"
"I had a lot of problems with plastic hooks breaking, but most metal hooks are shaped differently where the yarn catches, and for some reason I have a hard time with those. When I found these, with the shape that matches plastic hooks, I was so happy. I love them!"
they slide through yarn quite smoothly and the hook is pronounced enough to pull what you want and only what you want.  i'm a fan!
I am a beginner at crochet and decided one these due to the reviews and variety of sizes. So far I've only needed two of the sizes but like having the selection. I find them easy to maneuver.
small... very small. But great. And very good quality. Im just learning though so I don't know the difference yet.
"I could have sworn I reviewed these. I must be getting too many senior moments for my own good. In any case I really like these. The more I use them, the better I like them. They are easy to use,. comfortable to hold and work with. I have really annoying arthritis in my fingers and hands that causes them to cramp up. I work with a computer keyboard all day and so you can imagine how tired my hands get. I read that doing different types of movements could help with the arthritis pain in my hands. I have been crocheting and knitting now for a couple of months or more and it is working. At first the pain seemed worse but now it is better and I can crochet or knit for hours at a time comfortably. The thing I like mose about these needles is the color contrast against the yarn and ease of sliding the yarn on and off the needles. I am quite happy with them. When I was younger I crocheted and knitted quite a bit then got involved in Great Danes. The two do not mix well for obvious reasons. I gave away all my yarn and needles. I regret that I did that, but I am finding that these new ones are just as good."
Great set of hooks in the most popular sizes at a great price. I am teaching a friend and daughter to crochet.
"I am a beginner with crochet, and found the hooks to slide very easily through the yarn. It's a great size range for starters, and inexpensive."
"this brand is hard to find, i finally found them and was so surprised with how fast they got here!"
I love this crochet hook it work better than anything I use. I will also use and buy Susan bates. I like this because it hold the crochet better than anything I use before. This is a great product and I already tell all my crochet friend about it.
"le recomiendo este producto a todos, excelente atencion por parte del vendedor y mucha rapidez al entregar el paquete. muy bien"
"So easy to use and I love the multle sizes that it offers .
I'm happy with my purchase and it came on record time"
"Great deal for set of hooks especially since metal ones hold up much better than the plastic ones, which break easily."
"Susan Bates hooks are designed so that the end of the hook is essentially the same diameter as the shaft...which pretty much guarantees that your stitches will remain the proper size. Other brands' hooks often taper toward the hook end, which  in my experience tightens up the stitch and changes its size. I've used and loved Susan Bates hooks for almost 40 years, and have made everything from doilies with #10 thread and size 7 steel hooks to scarves with hooks the thickness of a finger. I am hoping to find some new smaller steel hooks by Susan Bates on Amazon. Happy crocheting!"
I am the only one in my crochet meet-up that holds their hook like a pencil. Susan Bates hooks are the only ones for me!!!!!!!!!!!!!
These crochet hooks are a great buy! I find myself using the H  and I hooks much more than the others but it's great to have  selection of hooks all in one place.
"These are great hooks.  I have several types, but these are the ones that I use daily.  They don't catch on the yarn....move very smoothly through the yarn, and they are comfortable in my hand.  I would recommend these.  I'm not the most experienced crocheter, but I love these hooks, and they work very well for me."
I'm a newbie crocheter and I like these hooks. They are easy to use and hold and the fun colors is a plus. :)
"Have heard a lot about this brand of hooks so decided to order and try them.  I was not disappointed.  They are wonderful hooks and do not snag nearly as much as others do.  They also grab the yarn/thread much better and the crocheting goes much faster.  Would recommend these to anyone who loves to crochet.  Also love the colors, but wish the sizes came in different colors and also would love more sizes as a choice as well.  Not available around here, hence the order.  Will purchase more at some point in the future, should they be needed.  Don't know if the silvalume hooks come in larger or smaller sizes than this size range."
"I've used these crochet hooks before, and purchased this set for my granddaughter.  They have always worked just fine for me."
"Perfectly happy with these! Nice colors, packed well, will have lots of uses for them. Here come the scarves!! ! :>)"
Yes I really like these hooks....  I have crocheted on and off for 40 years and these are the best hooks available.
ive tried different brands of hooks but so far these were the best i used.. the yarn doesnt get caught and the aluminum surface makes the material glide smoothly.. they are just right in terms of weight and structure.. i can work for hours with these hooks..
I bought these hooks and they don't split the yarn like alot of the other hooks. I will buy more sets.
I used Susan Bates hooks when I learned how to crochet in the 1980's and needed a new set after years of not crocheting.  I prefer these hooks to the ones that taper on the ends and since Bates hooks were not available locally I went to Amazon.  These are the same as I remember and very comfortable for me to hold and work with.
"I'm new to crochet but decided that instead of just running to my local craft store, I'd do some research first. And what I found was that this pack of crochet hooks is *the* set to purchase. Not only are they sturdy and easy to use and manipulate, but they offer a variety of hooks for a great price.

I'm really happy with them- I love knowing that I can start a bunch of projects without having to go buy a new hook, and I'm able to crochet very smoothly and quickly with them."
"I bought this set at a local craft store & just ordered another set on here.  The price was the same.

I love these hooks!  They are wodnerful for a beginner like myself.  They slide through very well, with little to no problems.  Yes, sometimes yarn will fray & cause me to stop for a moment & regroup...this for me is not a con in anyway.  It happens.  Deal with it.

I love this brand better than the others.  I don't care for the plastic ones as they break way too easily.  This was the perfect set for a beginner & I'm glad I made the investment.

I ordered a second set just to have extras in case I leave one in a bag for a certain project.
Definitely glad I own these."
These crochet hooks are made of metal.  They don't snag the yarn and are very comfortable in my hand.  I recommend.
"I taught myself to crochet using Boye hooks and never had a problem. Before buying this multi-pack of hooks, I read what people had to say about both these Bates hooks and the Boye hooks. I went with these. From the first use, I had trouble. I had a difficult time gliding through the yarn, which really slowed down how quickly I'm able to crochet. Also, the square head has a pointy tip (whereas the Boye heads are round). While this may help beginners, it only caused me to split the yarn repeatedly. I persisted, because I figured it was merely an issue with my technique. Eventually the yarn splitting stopped. However, I recently decided to give my Boye hook another go, and it really is much smoother for me to use. No snags, no splitting. The throat of Boye's doesn't seem to be as deep and has a more gradual incline. But by far the biggest problem I'm having with the Bates hooks is the short length of the body. It's just way too darn short to manage more than a very few loops on these hooks.

These aren't bad hooks by any means, and I can definitely see how they'd be great for a beginner. Because of the shape of the hook, throat, and body, they really do grip yarn much more snugly than Boye's do. Because they're shorter, they also offer more control. For me, this results in a slightly tighter gauge. I'll keep these around for use in a pinch, but I think I'll stick with the Boye hooks."
"I purchased these to replace my Boye hooks, I much prefer the shape of Bates hooks, as they are straight from top to bottom, the hook part doesn't stick out like Boye. I crochet much faster with these hooks."
"So... I started crochet with the cheap plastic hooks several years ago and then took a break. A few months ago I started going amigurumi (small crochet animals) crazy and then all of a sudden my hooks start breaking. So I began to hunt for something better. I tried the Susan Bates Silvalume Crochet Hooks in the Pouch (Sizes F-K). I took them home and tried them out on a current project - the one that had the broken hook, and I had such a difficult time finding a rhythm - these hooks were not polished enough and kept catching on the yarn.
I then tried the Boye Aluminum Crochet Hook set - same thing - they kept catching on the yarn.

I spoke to a store employee and she said that I should try wood - bamboo - both wood and plastic hooks are warmer than the aluminum and glide better. She was correct. I did like the bamboo hooks.

At this time I also bought a Tulip Etimo Crochet Hook - which, though aluminum, glided so smoothly through my yarn I was EXTREMELY pleased by it.
I also tried the Clover Takumi Getaway Soft Touch Crochet Hooks Gift Set - and it too was amazing. I believe this is because the quality of the aluminum and the craftsmanship is so much better than the Boye and Susan Bates ones.

Conclusion: If you're beyond the plastic beginner stage - invest in some quality hooks."
"These crochet hooks have been great.  I've been using them for about a month and I won't use anything else now.  The tips are nice and pointed, so they work into stitches smoothly.  I've tried other brands and their tips are more rounded and don't work into stitches as nicely.  Definitely buy these over the other brands!"
"My short quick fingers love these shorter hooks.  I was given one as my first hook when my aunt taught me how to crochet.  I went searching for a replacement one ""just in case"" and bought something else with a longer grip to hook spacing and was horrified.  The nice short space and not so long overall needle allows for these short fingers to go quick and ""bust out"" some afghans for all the babies in my life. (Must be something in the water....) This nice little pack is great, a good assortment and different colors so you don't have to read what's on the handles.  They slide through like hot knife to butter and there doesn't seem to be any issues with casting snags."
"I've been crocheting since i was 8 and susan bates hooks just ruin crochet for me.

THe hook shafts are far too short. I've got large hands for a woman and these needles are so short that i can not rotate my wrist properly and see the yarn over my hands while i crochet. Also i do not like the way that they snag and split the yarn when i work with them.

I prefer Boye needles. hands down."
"This is a really great crochet hook set.

Pros:
- sharper-than-typical slanted hook at the edge makes it easier to catch the yarn without splitting it
- Nice smooth finish lets yarn glide easily
- texture at the grip makes them easy to hold
- great set for the price

Cons
- They aren't the super ergonomic hooks.  I have a couple of other brands in the sizes I use most, but those are ~$20/each

Overall, this is a great set to give you coverage when you need it, and they are definitely easy to use.  No frills, but still great quality and a wonderful deal for the price."
"I found that the Boyes split my yarn and sometimes it was difficult to do slip stitch etc. Once I got my hands on the Silvalumes...wow! I love these!

That said, they can be found on EBAY MUCH CHEAPER than here and in some cases, FREE SHIPPING. I paid less than $9 for mine!"
"I'm a new crocheter and started of with cheap plastic hooks that were ""sticky"" to use and then snapped after a few days. I decided on these ones for my next set and love them. They slide well and have a nice tip that makes it easier to get into tighter stitches. I would definitely recommend these."
"In my household my mother and both crochet, but there the similarity ends.  She's divoted fan of Boye brand and for me there is only Susan Bates.  These hooks are consistantly highest quality manufactured.  I've had some for over 30 years and others were purchased in the last few years.  You can't tell the difference from new to ones made many years ago.  They never show wear, break or snag on yarn.  For me there will never be another hook brand and in my area of the country they are not easy to find, but worth the hunt."
"I ordered this set and only received ONE hook... While the quality of the hook is great, I am completely frustrated that I didn't receive exactly what I had ordered. Beware!"
"I have been crocheting for over 30 years and work with all types & sizes of fibers, yarns, string & material.  I have used MANY types of hooks over the years but these are by far my favorite.  The angle of the hook is perfect to help keep the yarn on without pulling the stitch too tight.  The point is great for 'poking' through stubborn stitches.  I have also found these a lot better than other brands for keeping stitches consistent when teaching new crocheters.

There are only two downsides - They are difficult to find in stores (glad they can be found on Amazon) & I wish they made a 7 mm,  11.5 (P) & a few other larger sizes in these.  I am not a fan of the plastic hooks so it would be nice to see some larger sizes in the silvalume."
"I am a law student and I was looking for a hobby that was both relaxing and productive, and I found crochet. I could zone out and focus on a fun craft all while making cute things. I needed a started set of hooks with the basic sizes and ordered this set. I found it super easy to start and the majority of beginner patterns that I have found use one of these sizes. The colors are nice and bright, and they slide easily through your yarn to minimize the stress on your hands and wrist, as well as keep the yarn from getting damaged. The hooks are sturdy and very good quality. A great product for someone looking to add to their hook collection or perfect beginner set, and it also comes in a nice pouch to keep them safe and organized. (*Side note: Unfortunately, my pouch was slightly torn on the bottom , so one of the hooks slides out.. but this doesn't affect the quality of the hooks!!)"
I learned with this brand. I've tried others and always come back to the Susan Bates hooks. They slide through any yarn easily. They are very reasonably priced for such a quality product. The colors are nice. The case is great too.
"I decided to learn to crochet and being lazy, bought these hooks and some Lion Brand Yarn to teach myself, instead of going to a store. I only started learning last week but I already must say that these hooks have been very good. As I'm still teaching myself and only doing simple projects, I've only used the J and K hooks so I can't vouch for the rest but I have been happy w/my purchase. They seem very durable, as opposed to other cheaper plastic hooks for beginners. The shape was a bit awkward while I was learning but now I can't imagine a more comfortable way to hold the hook. Just the perspective of a beginner completely new to the crochet world :-D"
Susan Bates is my preferred manufacturer of hooks as I like the shape of the hook head.  This was exactly what I expected.  Thank You.
"I've used many types of crochet hooks over the past 50 years.  Some were from grandma and my mother and some that I have purchased.  I have a good size collection of hooks which now I have traded for these Susan Bates Silvalume light weight metal hooks.  They are the absolute best ever.

I tried to make a Christening outfit with another type and every stitch the yarn just seemed to get caught on the hook.  It was frustrating as I needed to get the project done quickly.  Changing to these type of hooks saved me a lot of time and aggravation.

I recommend these to anyone who is just learning and to all who really get into creating crochet lovelies.

Great price for the Set in a Pouch."
"I bought both the Susan Bates hook sets awhile back when they were still making them with plastic.  They were fine except that the distance between the hook end and the thumb grip is too short for anything other than single crochet stitches.  Also, comparing them to my Boye crochet hooks, despite being the same size (I, J, etc) the Susan Bates hooks were thinner than the others, which will affect your gauge.  If neither of those are any concern to you, then this is a fine set."
"These are the best crochet hooks around, and the great thing is they are so reasonably priced. The reason they are good is because the hook part has a good edge that makes catching the yarn effortless. I had set of plastic hooks with larger handles that had sort of dull hooks. After trying my friend's Susan Bates hook, I immediately bought a set and put my plastic ones in a drawer, where they will stay! You will love these hooks. If you want to build up the handle to make it ergonomic  you can just wrap it with tape. But the sharp hook makes this took the most precise and practial hook on the market."
"I bought this as a gift for my best friend who hasn't crocheted in a while, she is very pleased with the quality of the needles."
"I can't speak about the seller, but these hooks are excellent.  The inline style makes it much easier for a beginner to keep from snagging the yarn.  The aluminum is very smooth and comfortable to hold.  I recommend these over the Boye style hooks to any beginner crocheter.  I have only been crocheting for a few years and tried Boye hooks at first and again later; I would have to say the Bates hooks made my learning experience much better."
"I own a whole set of these Susan Bates hooks.  I find them the perfect weight.  They glide through my work, no snags.  I don't have any problems with them."
"I learned to crochet on Boye hooks, many years ago. I still have one Boye hook I bought years ago. So when I began to crochet again, I bought a set of Boye hooks. Big mistake! I think Boye hooks have declined in quality - the new hooks snag and give me inconsistent gauge, resulting in uneven stitches.

So I decided to try a different brand, and tried the Clover Takumi aluminum hooks. Those are pretty great, but kind of expensive and hard to find. Then I got a set of these Susan Bates hooks. And they are awesome! They pull through the yarn so smoothly, and there's never any snagging or splitting of the yarn. These are available just about everywhere they sell crochet/knitting supplies at very reasonable prices.  I'm really glad I tried these."
"I love these hooks. The ""mouth"" of them has a sharper slant to them than the traditional hooks and it makes it a breeze to fly through projects. These are fast hooks and look pretty too."
these are the best hooks! I only buy this brand. Light weight and sturdy. and the hook part is perfect.
Love this brand.
Ive been crocheting for 57 years. I am crazy about these hooks. I bought a set for myself and sets for my daughter and daughter in-law.
Just what I need cant find locally
These are my absolutely favorite crochet hooks. The hooks are inline rather than offset making them easier to crochet with. The aluminum is also faster and slides more easily along the hook than some of the other materials.
Susan Bates are the best crochet hooks I have ever used. I was pleased as always.
Love them so much. I like these hooks cause they are flat and they can grab the material better. Very soon I get the smaller sets to accompany the rest. Overall love these products.
"susan bates needles are getting hard to find , great"
Love crocheting with these hooks. The yarn glides easily on and off the hooks. Very good quality.
"These are the ones I was looking for!! YeeHaaa!! Go in and out of my yarn stitches with ease, so smooth."
"Susan Bates 4life - lol, seriously these are the best hooks out there."
Cute and does the job
"Love my Crochet Hooks I'm re learning to crochet. Haven't had a need to use ALL the hooks, the ones I've used work fine for what I'm doing."
Rough unfinished edge on one of the hooks snags the yarn
Susan Bates are the best hooks you can buy IMHO
I bought these to teach myself to crochet and they were perfect for a beginner.
"good quality hook.  some of the other manufacturer hooks have ""burrs""  and snag my yarn.  susan bates are always great!"
Perfect! This is the only brand of hooks Ill use. Very smooth!
Good quality.  It's nice to have the set.
"I heard about these hooks and put off buying them as I didn't think they would make that much difference, how wrong was I they work smoothly through the yarn and Ive tried different brands. The only thing I don't like is they are a bit light but I made rubber band grips for comfort and to weigh them down and now they are perfect for me. For this price I would highly recommend them for beginners experienced crocheters these are the ones to buy. Arrived on time. I really really really would suggest getting these."
All products were exactly as expected. The paints are awesome and the hooks were exactly the correct sizes. I will definitely order more paints.
Love my hooks came really fast
Just as expected.
Prefer my clover hooks over these.
I got those for my girlfriend. She loved them...
Always a great and consistent brand.
There's nothing wrong with them and they were affordable. Great buy for a beginner in crochet.
Hooks are well made...no rough edges to catch the yarn.
"Pro: I like the design features of the more pointed tip, in-line hook, and non-tapered shank & throat.
Con:  The inner edges of the throat are sharp, causing drag and some fraying/splitting on the yarn.

Pro:  The size ""I"" is a full 5.5mm and not 5.25
Con:  They're a half inch shorter than any other brand I've owned, which is noticeable and felt too short in my hand while using it.

Con:  The finish which was already absent in some spots and scratched and chipped upon use.

I'm not against the Susan Bates design - I quickly noticed how the design is beneficial.  I just wish there weren't the sharp edges and that the finish was better quality.  I inserted it into an ergonomic handle which alleviated the shortness issue, and I'm going to try smoothing the edges with an emery board."
"I love the silvalume crochet hooks from Susan Bates. They are my favorite hooks. They don't get caught on your work the way Boye hooks do. Aluminum hooks slide through your work more smoothly than steel, bamboo, or plastic. The only problem is that one hook was missing.  The size K hook was not in the package. I double checked the envelope, but it was not there. I'm not returning because that is a size I rarely use. The price is good if you get all your hooks! Hopefully this was a one-time thing."
"I prefer the Boye brand hooks and ordered the wrong ones; however, these arrived as pictured.  I still prefer the Boye brand though."
Exactly what I wanted. Gave one set of hooks as a gift. Teaching her to crochet
Good quality.  I find the shape of the hooks to be easier to use to pull the yarn through than with most brands
"Just like other metal crochet hooks that I have had for years.  Somehow lost the J and K hooks, so decided to buy this pack and it's perfect."
I love these hooks they are easy to use and work great!
Susan bates crochet hooks are my favorite they arrived on time
Great affordable inline hooks
"I hadn't crocheted in a few years, and recently decided to get back into it.  I had mislaid my old crochet hooks, so ordered these.  Forgot I hated Susan Bates hooks.  Now, I remember.  And, I remember why.  The hook is so tight that it snags and splits even medium weight yarns.  These are going to end up at Goodwill.  And, I will be using my old Boye hooks.  I am thankful for this purchase only due to the fact that I hated these hooks so much that I searched until I find my trusty Boye ones.  I highly recommend their products for anyone who is crocheting with yarns that have any bulk to them."
These work perfect for my crochet projects!
hard to find this style. wife loves them
Love the color crochet hooks...makes it easier to determine size since it is hard for me to see the numbers.
These hooks are easy to manipulated
perfect
I love these hooks!
The size K hook was missing from the package.  Will keep the others because the K is the least used hook in my crochet projects.
Nice variety of sizes.  Love the inline hook shape.
It's taking me a while to get use to since I had been using another brand of needles since the 1990's.
"I love Susan Bates hooks and always have. I hold my hook the old fashioned way, more like a pencil, and the flat spot is closer to the hook than most. This works very well for me and is very comfortable. I like the flat, tappered hook nose as well for getting into the stitches."
Best brand of hooks! Nothing beats the Susan Bates hooks. I love the inline head and overall shape.
Great!
Absolutey my favorite crochet hooks!!!!
"Love these, have always used Susan bates brand but can't get them in the local craft store."
"Used this item for years.  Feels good in your hand while crocheting.  Good weight, smooth metal and glides thru an array of yarn products.  tried the Boye products,,,to me..this is the better quality hook.  Hard to find in stores.  Glad I found them here."
I love Susan Bates hooks. The profile and hook shape are my favorite and allow me to stitch away for hours on end with no snags.
These are my favorite crochet hooks. Love the feel of them for my crochet projects.
Great crochet hooks in well-used sizes. Would buy again.
Very happy with product.  Great quality.
not what I wanted
"same great product, delivered right to your door at a much lower price!"
Now made in Mexico...poorer quality...can't even read the size printed on needle.  Unhappy
"These are quality and I love how my hands can hold onto them.  I can crochet without worrying about breaking, like I have to with the plastic ones."
Luv these
I really like the hooks.  I have always used Susan Bates products and have never been disappointed.  Have had other brands but always go back to Susan Bates for a good hook.
Love my crochet hooks.
"I love this set of hooks.  the neck of the hook is flat instead of being a tapered.  Currently I am crocheting a blanket using the H/8 or 5.00 mm hook.  After a third of the way through the blanket and approximately through 4 skeins of yarn, the yarn slides wonderfully over the silvalume hook.  I have not found any burrs or catches on the hooks.

Happy Hooking!"
nice product
My favorite crochet hooks!
"I bought these as a beginner to teach myself how to crochet, and now I'm crocheting away and these are still my one and only set!"
"Don't know why some people don't like the hooks from Mexico. I got my first Susan Bates hook about 47 years ago. It still is my favorite because of its design. From time to time I looked for more sizes, but everywhere I went, all they carried was Boye. The hook on the end sticks out and catches on the yarn. I was surprised when I found the SB hook set on Amazon. Ordered the set of six and they are the same quality as my old size H. Anytime I get a new needle, it tends to drag a little, but I have found that rubbing the needle with my hands puts just enough oil on the needle so that it then is as slick as glass. Try it."
Received item with pouch open and dirty. Very disappointed with this product. Had to hand wash each hook prior to my daughter using.
"Nice product, I love it because the price is reasonably and really high-quality. So I want to give it more stars!"
Best shaped hooks ever! These hooks do not taper on the sodes (like many traditional hooks do) making it easy to keep stitches uniform & cuts down on snagging.
NICE QUALITY!
the best crochet hooks I like them very much
Love them!
Love this brand of needles. They have rounded bottom of hook and doesn't split the plys. Only difference is the old ones are much smoother than than the new.
Best shape hook ends for smooth crocheting
good product
"I really love these hooks.  I like that the shaft is flat, so much better than the other hooks I had been using."
"I lost my favorite crochet hook  months ago that I think I had since I was a child.  Not knowing the difference between styles, purchased a pack of Boyle hooks.  Big mistake.  I knew there was something wrong since the Boyle hooks wouldn't slip through the yarn for me without snagging.  I finally figured out that there were different styles and purchased the Bates hooks.  These were a life saver.  I don't understand why my crochet instruction books don't mention the two different hook shapes."
"I was worried after reading the negative reviews here, but I really needed to replace my old Susan Bates hooks. I much prefer the shape of them as compared to the Boye style heads. The finish isn't perfect right out of the plastic (expect some squeaking) but after a tiny bit of use they smooth out. No snags on the set I received. Definitely recommend for the price."
I love my Susan Bates hooks
"These work well.  The inline style hooks seem to work much better for me than the tapered ones.  There are some imperfections with the coloring on these as there are some small silver dots on all but the largest hook.  I noticed that the hook size can be seen on the front of each hook except one has it on the back and the Susan Bates logo on the front.  The carrying pouch is convenient, but the sizes do not rest over their corresponding hooks."
My favorite crochet hooks. I prefer this style hook and these glide through the yarn without annoying sticky noises I've experienced with other hooks.
I love these crochet hooks! Their very light and are not complicated at all to crochet with. The hooks slide right through the yarn and is easy to grab the yarn. I can crochet very fast with these hooks. I crochet about 7hrs straight with little breaks in between my hands don't cramp or ache after using these. But every now and then the lightness and how thin the hook is I have to switch to my crochet hooks that have silicone:rubber handles. Then those hooks get too heavy so I switch back to these. They are the BEST!!! Love 'em!! I've crocheted a lot of hats using this set!! I give 5 stars!!!
Love these hooks!
I like my hooks with a bit of weight to them. These felt too light and like they were made of cheap metal
Thank you they are wonderful
Gift for mom. She needed more and she is happy.  More crochet blankets for me!
work fine!
Great hooks
"4/5 because they can be a little bit slippery if your hands are sweaty, but otherwise there's absolutely nothing wrong with these. Fantastic build quality, great colors that don't chip or fade. Good sticks all around!"
These are pretty good hooks.  The angle of the hook is a little much.  Slows me down a bit as I'm always missing half of the yarn.
F and G size hooks have very sharp edges that snag the yarn.
I have bought Susan Bates before.  I believe they are the best hooks on the market.  Very happy with my purchase.
I only use Susan Bates crochet hooks and I have been crocheting for almost 50 years.  Well made and perfect shape.  The variety in this package covers lots of types of yarn and projects.
quality set
"Nice feel, yarn slides nicely...very happy with this product"
Many great sizes in one package. Definitely recommend.
would definitely buy again
They arrived quickly and package with care. They were just as described with a handy plastic case for storage.
"These crochet hooks, by Susan Bates, are wonderful and make it easy to crochet without snagging and splitting my yarn. These hooks make it easy to crochet with just about any yarn type."
"I received my hooks today, and they are obviously used. The package was even sealed with scotch tape!"
It was a good price
"They are a great beginner set. My two complaints are the color coding is chipping or was chipped when I got it on a few of the hooks, and the hook pouch was taped shut. Neither are deal breakers, but the tape did leave a residue and it makes me think they weren't new."
I ordered crochet hooks and I got crochet hooks.
I am learning to crochet. This is a great set as it contains the sizes used most. They are quality hooks and arrived in a nice plastic pouch that I still use. I just ordered the next size up in the same type and brand for a project that I want to start. Will definitely buy more of this brand if the need arises.
So far so good - tried couple and no problem!!
Good price for crochet hooks hard to find.
"As always, Bates hooks do not disappoint. They are smooth and very well made, and have a rather unique feature in that the hook has a little indentation underneath that helps grab your yarn. They are all I use now."
love these hooks
Great starter set of crochet hooks.
I absolutely love these crochet hooks. Everything about them is perfect. I like the way the hook is the same diameter throughout. This ensures perfect loops with every stitch. The tips are pointed perfectly for getting into tighter loops. I have replaced all of my crochet hooks with Susan Bates.
"Love, love, love these hooks.  They are THE best out there for this avid crocheter!"
Different sizes for different yarns and such. They're chrome colored crochet sticks and fit in your hands nice.
"Like it alot!  Good packaging, very happy with purchase."
"I bought these at a JoAnne's Fabrics when the associate HIGHLY recommended them to me. I can understand how a lot of people can love these, personally, they unravel my yarn quicker than I can work, and the angles on the hook make pulling yarn through a bit hard. More often than not, I catch one strand of yarn on my pull through and have to undo a couple stitches to readjust the yarn. If you are a pro crochet crafter, I say go for it, get them and try them out. The pointed head makes it easier! But I personally prefer the softer edged hooks."
"Work wonderfully, as I expected.  Not much can go wrong with crochet needles, I suppose!"
Excellent starting set! I bought these years ago and I'm still using them regularly to this day.
"these are ok, definitely does the job. only received 5 instead of 6, i don't know where the missing hook went?? so yeah that's why i subtracted one star, I didn't receive the number of hooks shown."
"I already had this exact same set, which I had purchased about 30 years ago and love. I have recently started crocheting again and wanted a second set to have on hand. I was really disappointed from the very first stitch I made with this new set. The finish is not smooth as it should be and there is a great deal of drag as the hook is pushed and pulled through the yarn, greatly reducing crocheting speed. Based on the fact that there were so many positive reviews of this set, I decided to give them another try and have requested a replacement. I'm sincerely hoping the replacement set is of the same high quality as my 30-year-old set."
great hooks have been using them for eons.
Nice set of crochet hook set I love them this would make a great gift for someone who love to crochet don't hesitate to purchase this
Great price  on the  set...these  are  easier  for  me  to  crochet  with .  Quick arrival  too.  Very  satisfied  with  the  seller .  Wish these were  made in  the  USA  though...they  were  made in Mexico .
"We just received our gingerbread house kit! My daughter is super excited about putting it together! Everything was intacted. Nothing broken. It really was better than I expected, it comes already assembled, which will be great, since I'm not very good at it."
These are perfect and a bargin price. Just like what you buy in stores
"Seem to be good quality hooks - only complaint is they are a little on the short side. Still, it's a great buy for your money."
I love the Susan Bates hooks much more than the Boye hooks. The design seems to work better for me. These are perfect!
"Good assortment, seem very durable so far.  Would buy again"
Can't beat Susan Bates!
arrived on time and as described
Nice!  Everything I expected!
"I've been learning to crochet and found the quality of these hooks much better than some I bought at Michaels.  The hook is better, more defined and makes it easier to pull the yarn through a stitch.  I really like this brand."
Susan bates is always my first choice.  Easy to work with.
susan bates crochet hooks are the best. reasonably priced and good range of sizes
good
"Bought these a while ago to fix a few snags in sweaters and they were kind of large. Recently I went to crochet something simple (having learned long ago) and found these hooks very hard to use without having to pull the yarn super tight. Pulling the yarn tight causes projects to get very stiff, and the yard to unwind, neither of which is desirable to me.

::jk"
"I haven't bought these on Amazon, but I own two sets that I've bought at craft store, I love them that much!  I wanted to add a review here anyway to share my experience.

I've been crocheting since I was about 9 and have used several different styles.  What I love the most about these, above else, is that they are inline hooks.  Most of the hooks on the market have what's called tapered hooks.  I've attached a photo to show the difference.  The bottom is the Susan Bates K hook that comes in this set, which is an inline hook.

I feel like inline hooks grab the yarn easier and hold onto it so I can crochet a lot quicker using these.  I've tried using tapered hooks but they just don't work for me.

One of the sets I have I bought in the last year, but the other I've been using for at least 8 years and they're still going strong!  These are definitely worth a buy.

And if, like some of the 1-star reviews mention, your hooks have some rough edges, just get a file and smooth it out.  Aluminum is a fairly soft metal, so it's easy to smooth out rough edges. =)"
These are a Christmas Gift
Hooks are great. Came in timely manner and are great to get started.
All the right sizes.  I prefer Bates hooks to the other brand.
Its perfect for a new starter as I was.
Work great
Very happy with these. Going back to order a set for my daughter.
I really like these crochet hooks because they are the older design. The more resent design is not as easy to work with. They split the yarn too much.
Very hard to use
What can I say about Susan Bates crochet hooks! These are the only crochet hooks I will use. I have tried other brands and get frustrated with the catching and snagging.  These Susan Bates crochet hooks are designed at the tip not to snag.  My crochet speed increases by 50% when I  use these crochet hooks. Love Love Love them!
These are the best crochet needles!!!
Gr8
I've been using Susan Bates crochet hooks for decades. Top quality.
My wife and I both use these and love them. This is our second set and we couldn't be happier with the. They are as pictured.
Great set of crochet hooks.
Nice set.
Great price! Very pleased with these hooks.
"Great sturdy package, convenience for carrying. As always, the hooks are great."
"I love the Susan Bates hooks, and won't use any other brand. If the other brands ever come up with a hook end like these, I will consider them. Much easier and faster to work with, as I don't have to worry about the yarn slipping off the hook, while I am making stitches. This pack has all the sizes I usually use, so  color me happy."
have been using I am only a beginner but is working out well
Qualit et livr  temps.
"I started out on my crochet journey with a collection of Boye hooks.  Somehow, some Susan Bates hooks started worming their way into my heart and now they are my favorite.  I've switched all my original hooks out.  I think it depends on what works for you."
Love my Susan Bates hooks. The style fits me better than Boye.
"They do exactly what you'd expect them to do. One of them has a jagged edge and catches on the yarn, making it impossible to use, the rest are great."
I love them :)
Love the different colors - the head of the needle is the right curve to hold the yarn.
I've heard a lot of people raving about how great these in line crochet hooks are. I've tried using them several times and just ended up extremely frustrated. The yarn keep snagging on them. They seem like good quality and well-made but I just do not like the design of the in-line. If you used to regular crochet needles I would recommend that you stick with those.
"Good quality, easy handling.  Love the package, and having them all in one place, with easy access."
"Nice reliable brand. I prefer the aluminum to anything else. The sizes included in the set are the most popular, and they can be kept in the plastic pouch for easy identification.  Good price too."
Bought to get back into crocheting.
Great price.  Quality needles are sturdy and like the colors since they stand out when stuck in the mounds of yarn!
Couldn't be happier
I like these hooks best for the way the hook is shaped.  Slides through the work easy and holds yarn securely.
"The hooks come in a durable plastic storage case, whith a space for each hook. Made out of metal. I like that each hook is marked with its measurement and they all are different colors.

Please, vote whether or not you found my review helpful. Thanks for reading!"
clean work good
"Light weight and easy to use, no hand pain!"
love
"Susan Bates hooks are the ONLY kind I will use. I've tried others, like Boye, but none measure up. There's just something about the hook on these that make crochet much simpler. Boye hooks come to a soft point, with barely a ledge to hold onto your yarn. But Susan Bates hooks have a deeper, wider ledge to hold onto the yarn, and a nice point to go into the stitches. I have purchased this particular set probably four times now. I lose hooks or give them away, and it's a much better deal to buy this whole set than just one hook at a time. I've had my original H hook for about 15 years, and the only wear and tear it's shown is a bit of lost color where it gets the most friction from the yarn. I've also purchased bamboo handle hooks and long hooks, but this is the set I keep coming back to. I can't recommend it enough."
"I received only 5 crochet hooks sizes G, H, I, J, K without size F! What a disappointment since I wanted the smaller sizes for amigurumi!"
Not what I expected but they will do as a backup. I perfer  aluminum and not Silvalume. There is a big difference.
These are great and inexpensive
The flattened inside of the hook makes it easier to hold onto the yarn than with older styles of hooks I've tried.
They will do the job!
The edges of the hooks are very sharp. Not smooth on YOs.
Nice
"Both mine and my moms FAVORITE crochet hooks! Just wish they had an ergonomic handle! I will always use Susan Bates hooks as long as they are available! I was disappointed when Walmart stopped selling them, so I was so happy to find them here!!"
The Susan Bates brand of hook is my preferred style of crochet hooks
nice
"Nice, I did not want to spend much,  I wanted to see if I could still crochet an these have been great tools.  I am mostly just practicing with these, I am not a serious crocheter."
There good medium weight hooks nothing fancy. I perfer boye but that's personal preference. Haven't had an issue with bending
My favorite thing about these hooks is how deep they're cut. They seem to hold yarn much better than other hooks I've purchased in the past.
Perfect for a beginner. I made my first amigurumi with these!
Good to have on hand for a craft 'change of pace'.
Good product.
knitter was happy to get these
Just what I expected.
"Several arrived with blemishes on the hooks themselves. Otherwise, arrived as described."
just what i was looking for
"I must apologize because i hate to write bad reviews.  The crochet hooks by Bates are great with the exception of the hook that was missing from the package........ as luck would have it the ""gold colored hook"" size ""6.0 / J / 10"" was the hook that i really needed AND IT WAS'NT THERE!!!  I EVEN PAID EXTRA SHIPPING TO GET ONE DAY DELIVERY!!  Can someone fix this?"
These are okay except I've had to file a couple of them that were not smooth on the hook part. I do expect to crochet with out the hooks having rough spots that catch the yarn.
These are good hooks
Very nice
A little rough on the metal. Was expecting them to be smooth like hide stainless steel one I have .
I only use Susan Bates Hooks.
NICE VARIETY.
"These wonderful (and inexpensive!) hooks work perfectly for me. I am just beginning to get into crocheting, and I find working with these inline hooks very easy. They do not have rough edges and do not snag on the yarn like some of the plastic hooks I have used. They feel sturdy and well-made. It is hard to find inline aluminum hooks for such a good price!
I am currently using one of these to make a chevron blanket for my daughter, and it has been great to work with. Feels good in my hand, easy to hold comfortably, and the blanket comes together quickly while I am working on it. The size range provided has given me the hooks I need to be able to make all of my beginner level projects. I am very happy with this purchase."
"I bought these as a starter set of hooks with the basic sizes I would need. The colors of the hooks are pretty and they come in a plastic pouch. The hooks slide very easily through your yarn to minimize the stress on your hands and wrist, and they keep the yarn from splitting/snagging. The hooks are sturdy and are high quality. These are great for anyone looking for a beginner set or to add to their hook collection. I will definitely buy more sizes from this brand if needed. These arrived quickly and were a great value for the price. I highly recommend this set!"
"Nice size variety, but awkward hooks at the top.  Cannot work with them."
"I wish I had actually read the reviews instead of going by the stars reviews. I have been crocheting for about 12 years off and on. I had been using boye hooks and didn't like them. I have one Susan Bates hook and love it so I bought this set. I wish I had actually read the reviews instead of going by the number of stars these hooks have. They have very sharp jagged edges. Nothing like the one I already have. I looked at my original hook and it has no marking stating where it was made. This set has ""Mexico"" stamped under Susan Bates. Maybe these are knock offs. I don't know. But I guess you get what you pay for. Not worth the trouble to return."
Miss Brenda says they are the BEST
Nice addition to my collection
perfect
"These are the perfect set of sizes for a wide range of yarns and various projects,  the hook is curved deep enough to keep hood even when using a larger yarn. They have a good enough grip for longer projects. Good price,  quick arrival"
I liked the fact I was getting a variety of sizes. Ive seen these as highly recommended in the amazon reviews and that is what helped me choose which to purchase.
This is a very good product. It comes in different sizes and has a good grip to it. I enjoyed using it to make a scarf for my child.  The quality is equally good and I envisage using it for a couple more years
"Nice color, well balanced and easily glide through yarn. A good set of crochet hooks for any level crochet enthusiast, especially those wanting to save money by not paying so much."
"These are good, I really like the sharp hook-end because it makes it easier to push through small or tight stitches. My only complaint is that the color chipped on a few of them almost immediately. Other than that, they work very efficiently and I now prefer them over my other needles."
"The only hooks I'll use! Yarn slides right through them, and the deep cut groove really helps grab the yarn. Perfect for novice as well as advanced crocheters."
"These grab the yarn very well and allow the yarn to slide off easily. They can be a little tricky with cotton yarn, as the hook edge is a little sharp; it'll sometimes split the yarn while working."
really nice
"I am new to crochet, so I don't have another set of crochet hooks to compare this too, but these seem to work perfectly for me. I don't notice any catching on the yarn or any discomfort in my hands while using. I find the plastic case they come in to be handy so I don't lose or misplace any of the hooks."
Good variety of sizes. I knit baby and children toys and these are SO regularly needed. Now I don't have to worry so much if I leave one in another room.
I'm teaching myself how to crochet through YouTube. So far I'm really not thrilled about these. I have a hard time with the wide tip. It's a pain to insert into stitches as I've found I crochet extremely tight and they are hrs on my hand as I also hold the hook rather right as well. For the price they aren't a bad thing to pick up and try out. I'll use them until I find something I like better. These as also in-line hooks.
Love these. Don't have any problems and the colors are cute!
Quality as expected. Great price.
Item is exactly as expected. Cheaper to buy on amazon than in the craft stores.
"Susan Bates is far superior to Boye needles.  The shape/design does not tangle/go into the wrong loop as bad as Boye needles do.  I always search out Susan Bates needles, and have used them since childhood 40+ years."
"Ordered by mistake and because they are Susan Bates hooks I am keeping them, and since I have 3 round barrels in (yes 3 different colors) I am putting them in a different bag so each bag has a set of hooks."
I bought these for my students and they are great!
"These are BEAUTIFUL and are the kind of hook I learned on.  My much-loved, late and so-missed, M-I-L taught me to crochet. These don't catch and hang up the yarn like some do with that pointed, hook-y end to them.  The yarn moves smoothly and easily about them.  I actually made a dress and brought it to her two weeks after her lesson.  She LOVED it!"
"I like those crochet very cheap delivery was faster
Quality parfait you can use it for any thing also good value of money"
Excellent
"Had one of the Susan Bates crochet hooks and became so used to it that it was difficult to crochet with my other needles. Where my other hooks have a curve, these hooks have slants--making it easier to pass through the stitches. Product came in super fast (way sooner than Amazon predicted) and super happy with my order :)"
nice
I love the Susan Bates hooks. I actually had to order another set while I was away on vacation because they only sell the other brand in most of the stores. I like these because they have a better hook to catch the yarn. The other ones I find keep dropping stitches more often.
"I got two 4.0 size ones. Otherwise, good product."
"I wouldn't buy these again. A good crochet hook has no sharp edges on the hook part of crochet; all edges are softly rounded off. These are sharp, almost ragged. I wouldn't use these on any of my yarns, I'm going to call Amazon and see if I can get a free return; otherwise I will just toss them."
"Cannot really rate this item.  They were a gift.  However, the person that received them indicated they were just what she wanted."
These are my favorite crochet hooks!
"These crochet hooks are good quality and arrived on time. However there should have been 6 different sizes...I received no J hook but instead received two I hooks. Other than that, I have absolutely no complaints."
I ordered these to replace a few hooks that I misplaced.  I only use Susan Bates crochet hooks because they are the most comfortable in my hands.
Value for money. The variety of sizes and bright colors means no more losing of crochet hooks. Very happy with this
"I don't like the hooks on these, they're very angled instead of nicely curved."
Nice needles for the price.  I am not a crocheter.  Only got these to place borders on some knitted afghan squares.  I can't really say whether they are good or bad because I have not owned any other.  They did the job
"I learned to crochet with the Boye crochet hooks. However, when I first my friend's set of these, I fell in love with them. They pull the yarn through so smoothly! As a beginner, my yarn often slips off of the Boye hooks and snags. I haven't been able to develop a rhythm or speed with them. These, however do not slip or snap. I absolutely love them and am excited to continue to learn with them. I have already been much more successful at creating a rhythm and I hope to get a Susan Bates afghan stitch hook soon as well to complete my set."
Received love them!
"Exactly what I wanted. Better than the Boyle brand I currently had. These does not split the yarn like the others. More comfortable to hold. Great price, too!"
These are my favorite. I always go back to them!
"This is a handy little kit and the hooks are of good quality.  It would be a fine gift for someone you are teaching to crochet.  I keep mine in my car along with a bit of yarn, so if I get stuck in a waiting room, etc.  I can get some work done and pass the time.  The plastic package is sturdy enough for occasional use.  And, you can always crochet a small bag to keep the hooks in  :-)  I am glad I bought it so I can leave my more expensive hooks safe at home."
"I like them , but prefer the more rounded tops of other crochet hooks."
PERFECT CHOICE OF HOOKS.
"Amazing! I never knew what a difference a brand can make. I've always used Susan Bates needles, but I had lost my H8/5mm one. So I popped out to walmart and bought a $1.28 Boye hook (Boye is all they sold.) It was horrible, snagging everything, hard to hold, and had an unpleasant texture or rub against the yarn. Worst two days of crocheting ever.

These Susan Bates hooks are like a dream - soft against the yarn, no snagging, and fast. My new hook slides through the yarn like a warm knife through butter.

As soon as I opened these hooks and used one for five stitches, that crappy Boye went right into the trash."
very sturdy
My favorite hooks.
"Love the Bates hooks over the tapered end ones. They've made crochet so much easier for this beginner to do. Maybe at some point I'll work my way up to the tapered ends, but for now, these are perfect."
Love the colors and variety of sizes. Seemed a great deal!
"This set is decent, although I find the two smallest sizes to be very sharp on the curved undercut edge of the hook. However, I am extremely dissappointed that in a set that comes in it's own pouch, with six slots - each marked with the hook size the slot should hold,... That the rightmost, green, 6.5mm hook is missing! Will be contacting Amazon/Seller to fix this."
"After struggling with the other brand of hooks for YEARS I heard of Susan Bates brand and decided to try them out. I had no idea there would be such a difference! Crocheting is no longer a chore for me. I was able to change my grip/motion enough that I can go a lot longer before any pain sets in (I have Fibromyalgia making it difficult sometimes). My stitches are much more consistent. I wish I would have found them sooner, but so glad I at least have them now!"
Great quality.  Comfortable to use.
Made
The best crochet hooks I have used so far!
Love these hooks! And I keep them in this package so I always have the complete set together.
"I like this line of products. They are reliable, work well and are very fairly priced. I also like the bright colors and although I have put them to very good use the colors do not fade away or rub off. The only downsize, for me is that they are not the most comfortable hooks I have used. When I use them for a while my fingers start to hurt because there is no soft surface any type of padding like with other brands."
love them
"I almost abandoned a project because the yarn kept slipping and popping out the hook right in the middle of 2trtogs. It was so aggravating and made my stitches very loose and sloppy. I was beginning to think it was me, then someone gave me a Boye hook and the yarn stayed in the crook of the hook where it's supposed to be and the project which fortunately I hadn't frogged zipped to the finish line in no time to my great satisfaction. Go figure. I never thought a hook's shape could vary so much or matter so much either."
This is my favorite style crochet hook. The hook part if flat and the stiches do not snag or fall out of the hook when pulling threw loops.
"These are my absolute favorite crochet hooks on this planet. They have a deep enough groove where you won't accidentally lose your yarn. Many other brands have a very shallow hook. Because of this, I think they are perfect for beginners and more advanced user alike."
"What's not to love?  Susan Bates hooks are the best for my use.  I like the flat neck that holds the yarn and helps it go through the hook easier.  Nice pouch to hold the hooks in place, however it is plastic and it may tear easily, but I am very careful with it.  Couldn't find this item in a local store, so I was very glad to find it on Amazon.  Now I have all the sizes of hooks that I needed in one convenient package."
"Misshapen, sharp, pointed and unusable hooks. I couldn't even fix them with my Dremel . Out of all of the hooks only the J Hook was usable and I already have plenty of those. I have never seen anything like this. It's awful."
"These are like the original Susan Bates hooks with the pointier top and the deep throat. These hooks do not have a tendency to split the yarn and I don't have nearly as many slipped stitches with these as I do with Boye hooks. I have been crocheting for over 40 years and have used several different brands and types of crochet hooks without really paying attention; until now. I purchased a set of ergonomic hooks for my granddaughter, but the hook part was a disappointment. It was difficult to get the hook into some of the tighter stitches and she was frustrated with some of her stitches slipping off and having to remove all the current stitch and start it again. I had her try one of these Susan Bates Silvalume hooks, I had just got them in, and wanted to see if it helped her. She had been excited about the ""new style"" of crochet hooks instead of using the ""granny hooks"" as she called them, until she actually started using them. The glamour faded quickly. She now won't use those and is always using my Susan Bates hooks. The throat on these hooks is nice and deep without being difficult to work with and the neck is straight rather than tapered. I personally find it's easier for me to maintain gauge with an inline hook. My speed when working with these hooks is a lot faster; I'm not having to redo as many stitches or trying to work the hook into a stitch with a round head.  I have heard that Susan Bates redesigned these hooks a couple years back but returned to this design when their customer base protested loudly at the inferior product. I'm certainly glad they did. If you are looking to purchase a set of Susan Bates hooks, be sure to look closely at the top of the hook and make sure it's pointy shaped so you don't wind up with some of those horrid unpopular hooks they produced a couple years ago. I had read that the ""old"" good hooks were getting hard to find, but I lucked out and found these on Amazon and snagged them right away. Maybe they're not so hard to find anymore since they went back to the old design, but I feel fortunate that I was able to get a set of the better hooks. The set contains F,G,H,I J and K size hooks. I am going to purchase one additional hook, the 7mm, to complete my set. I think those are the ones I use most of the time. They come in a plastic pouch which is great for storing them in and the pouch lists the sizes on the front in both letters and mm. The hooks I received were all smooth with absolutely no jagged edges. I've seen in other reviews where people were complaining about getting some really rough hooks, but it looks like most of them were a couple years ago and were probably getting the redesigned hooks. I'm really happy with my new set of Susan Bates Silvalume Crochet hooks and wouldn't hesitate to purchase another set."
Good quality hooks.  would buy again.
"Bought these for gifts, they are exactly like the ones my wife has had for years."
I had some hooks already from Susan Bates series and needed some other sizes and this set was cheaper than buying them individually. I wish I bought this when I started crocheting.
Love them.
"I love these hooks.  I've been crocheting for only about 3 years, and have tried a few different brand hooks.  I like the shape of the hook on these.  They don't get caught up in my work like some other brands do.  This is a second set I've bought myself so I can keep them at work, while keeping my other set at home.  They are inexpensive and work great.  I'll buy this set again if I ever lose any of the hooks."
"I bought these for my daughter. They are my FAVORITE hooks. The unique shape of these, plus their nice slippery surface make for easy crocheting."
My mom bought me a set of Susan bates crochet hooks for Christmas and I love them! Their sizes are clearly marked on them including their letter. They have nice colors to them as well. If you're hands get sore easily you can always get crochet hook grips for them however I've never needed to. I personally prefer aluminum crochet hooks and needles. So I love these!
"I love these hooks, I got these as duplicates because you can never have too many."
"I love these crochet hooks.  They are the same brand my mom used, so they're what I learned on.  That bias might be part of the reason I love them, but that's not the only one.  (For reference, I learned to crochet years ago and just recently took it up again about six months ago.  So I went looking for this shape of hook specifically to match the ones I was familiar with.)

The best thing about these hooks is that the ""hook"" itself is deep.  If you compare the shape of the hook portion in these hooks to any other crochet hook, you'll notice that these have a sharper, deeper cleft.  I really appreciate that.  It makes it so easy to get going pretty quick; the yarn never slips out.  I've tried other hooks and never been able to go as quickly and evenly, because they don't grab the yarn the same way.

I know they're not as ergonomic as some other hooks, I can only use them for three or four hours before I have to take a break.  However, I think it's worth it because I can get more done in four hours with these hooks than in six hours with any other.

I'd recommend these to anyone learning to crochet, and if you're not a beginner, you're probably not looking for a complete set like this.  Other the other hand, if you're experienced and you've adapted to the shallower crochet hooks, this set might not be for you."
Bought them as a gift. The person who received them is pleased
"I really like these hooks because they glide smoothly through the yarn, in and out of the loops. I have had other hooks which are not so easy to pull through without catching, but these really work well. They are also very economical. And there are 6 sizes that you are most likely to use, unless you crochet very small or very large things. These work very well, highly recommend."
Susan Bates is the only way to go.
Susan Bates hooks are easier for me to use because of their more defined tip.
Works
Gave as Christmas gift. Best hooks and a good price.
LOVE THEM GOOD PRICE
"There are two little girls, who, were so excited this past Christmas for crochet hooks and yarn of their own. These are some of the best hooks out there. I would highly recommend them. To anyone !!"
Someone really skimped on metal here. The hooks are so tiny it is difficult to keep the yarn on the hook.
"Pros:
- nice assortment of sizes
- I don't crochet but I think they would work well, the hooks are well-made and smooth
- the hooks are perfect for fixing sweaters that cats pulled a thread out of
- color coding helps with identification

Cons:
- none so far"
Love them !
Absolutely worth the money.
Good product.
"Love my new crochet hooks, I needed a new set as I keep misplacing the ones that I do have."
I love my set.  I just started learning to croquet and I saw this during a lightning deal sale.  I've used about half the needles and they works great.  They are metal and seems quite heavy duty.  I'm really glad I happened upon them when I did.
Very nice
Good price on Bates hooks
Exactly as good as I expected them to be
Always losing my needles.  Now I have spares.
These hooks have a slightly sharper tip than the Boye brand. You can get where you need to go with your hook with less hand fatigue.
"I haven't used these hooks for a long period, however this hook style is quite different from the style boye brand uses.  Since these are aluminum they have a lot of slip on them, making the hooks great for experienced crocheters who need the speed.  Overall from my use of these hooks, well made and will last for years to come."
great kit includes a mixture of needles and sturdy
"I absolutely ADORE these hooks. I had been using the Boye brand hooks and was having a lot of trouble with uneven stitches. But the first time I used these hooks, I put away the other hooks and never looked back. They are SO east to use."
Nice set of crochet hooks.
Great little crochet hooks for starting crocheters. Doesn't snag on the yarn like a lot of plastic ones do.
looks nice
"For some strange reason, I keep losing my H hook, and don't you know, the day these arrived, I found it again?  That's OK.  Now I have a back-up set!  Love Susan Bates crochet hooks.  Can't seem to work as well with any other brand."
Love these crochet hooks! Very easy to grab the yarn and is making it easy for me even though I am a beginner.
I love these hooks. I would friggin marry them if I could. I've been crocheting for 30 years and this is by far the best hooks. The hooks are deep so the yarn doesn't fall off. They are nice and slippery so the yard glides.
"These crochet hooks are wonderful. I almost prefer these hooks to other hooks I have used because the hook end itself is a bit deeper and wider, which makes it less likely to drop the yarn while working on a project (which is sometimes a struggle for beginning crocheters such as myself). They are comfortable to hold, and the fun colors are always a plus. And the hook sizes available in this set are really the best ones to start off with, in my opinion."
great for the novice and someone who's been at it for a long time
"The package contained two size J hooks (of different colors) and no size K.  Additionally, the edges on the hooks are sharp--I'm used to a more rounded edge that is gentler on the yarn."
I prefer metal hooks like these over the cheaper plastic ones that break too easily.  The package is also a holder which is nice and it has a good variety of sizes.
Fast shipping.  Great product!
These are wonderful hooks for the price!
Love these hooks! Awesome price!
Very nice hooks. Bought for my daughter so she could learn to crochet
I like the Susan Bates brand.  I am not much of a crocheter so I keep these on hand in case I drop a stitch when knitting.
"Work great, nice and smooth. Good value. Like the inline head."
Hard to say much about crochet hooks.  These are the sizes I ordered.  They work.
These are all the sizes I use. I don't think I will need any other sizes.
A great set for anyone getting into crocheting. I love that they are aluminum (just like my mom has!) and are really durable. I've already used the smallest hook for a little project and I'm excited to use the rest of them for upcoming projects.
I don't know that I'll ever love a crochet hook but these seem to be what was offered and delivery was right on time. No compaints
great !
My favorite type of hooks
"I was looking for a set but everywhere else was a bit much.
I am happy with this purchase the set is just as pictured and described.
my favorite set of crochet hooks because its smooth metal surface makes me be able to work or complete projects quicker"
"Love these,  will be ordering smaller sizes for socks."
Good hooks
great price!
"These crochet hooks are amazing!  They are actually my second set.  I lost one hook from the first set, and didn't want to be without a single one!  Unlike some crochet hooks, which can get hooked on your yarn, these hook when you need them to, and easily release stitches.  I've tried several brands of crochet hooks and have been crocheting for 3.5 years, and I always come back to this particular set!  Perfect for beginners and advanced crocheters alike, and a great stocking stuffer!"
Excellent sturdy set for a good price.
Very excited to give this as a Christmas Present this year. Exactly as expected.
Love Susan Bates products
These crochet hooks make crocheting smoother.  The yarn is easier to handle and pull through.
Susan bates hooks are great.
The only crochet hooks I use.
Fast shipping! Perfect product
Best for crocheting. Most flexible hooks.
Made from fairly sturdy material. Product as described
The right sized hook whenever you need it. I don't think the carrying case is worth anything...I'll just keep them loose for easy access.
"Bought these hooks because of all the positive feedback, but I am not happy with mine, the. Ends of the hooks are so rough and sharp, I can't use them, they catch on my
Yarn and I cannot get them to go through a stitch, so I have given up, am hoping my husband can file them smooth so I can use them.  I must have gotten a bad set of hooks."
"It's a nice set, now I just have to learn to actually use them."
"LOVE Susan Bates hooks! I learned to crochet with a Susan Bates size H metal hook, so when I tried Boye hooks I couldn't work the tapered neck. I tend to crochet tightly, so the in-line neck on Susan Bates works really well for me. This is the second set of these I have purchased - the first was for me, and now these are for my sister who I just taught how to crochet using my first set of Susan Bates hooks :)

For any new crocheters who are finding they use a tight tension, I would try these hooks if you are struggling with Boye's tapered neck. And this is a great price too! Not to mention the metal hooks slide really well in the yarn, and hold up really well to pretty consistent use"
"What you see is what you get. This is a standard for any crocheter, and will cover most projects."
This set is just what I was looking for!
These are the best hooks ever. They are my favorite and they are very affordable.
"I have been crocheting for years since I was quite young.  I've tried all kinds of crochet hooks and NONE compare in smoothness and ergonomics to Susan Bates.  They are lightweight, ground to a smoothness that NEVER snags your yarn and have a flattened head which slides smoothly through your yarn without requiring the slight extra wrist turn that Boye's more rounded needles make necessary.  On a big project, this can result in a significant lessening of wrist fatigue.  I'm so glad that Susan Bates hooks are available from Amazon, since I cannot find a single local source for them any more."
Just what I needed. Love this brand of crochet hooks!
Very good hooks. I have just started crocheting again and these feel like ones I used years ago.
"They're hooks; they work! No nasty ends poking out anywhere from the casting process either, so no snagging. Get them."
I am just learning how to crochet simple things for my grandchildren and am looking forward to using these crochet hooks.
Ive been using I in my process of learning to crochet and although sometimes i struggle it's due to my lack of tension or not holding it correctly. I love the colors and the hooks catch everything nicely however if you have to much tension depending on your yarn it can pull it apart. Again i'm a beginner and these are due to my personal tension.
Decent crochet hooks! I'm learning how to knit and crochet so I bought these as my first hooks and they're very nice. Mine don't snag like some of the other reviews said. They're very smooth. I hope to get good use out of them for a long time!
Product was exactly as expected. Low price and quick shipping too! Thank you!!!
Good product for the price.  I am making an afghan it the hooks are easy to use.
the needles don't seem to be smooth -- when I crochet the needles seem to have a dull effect -- yarn does not move on needle with a smoothness. I hat them and just went to JoAnn's fabric and brought better needles.
"A gift for my daughter, along with yarn, to start her on her journey of crocheting."
As described
hooks were very ragged  and seperated yarn so bad I cannot use them.....
Love these! Much cheaper than going to The craft store.
These are my all time favorite hooks!!! So much easier to use than the boye! Try em out if you haven't yet!
I love these books they feel great in my hand.
I wish the markings on the hooks were easier to read.
Nice assortment of sizes & easy to use.
"Good.  However the millimeter and Alphabetic sizing is just not easily seen and every hook same prob with tiny print on pitch point.
These need marked so I'll find a way to do it myself.  Far superior quality than any other hooks so I. Highly recommend Susan Bates over Boye
Or any other brands.  There IS a difference.  These were the smarter choice and shouldn't need to buy again unless lost.  Buy these!"
These are my favorite type hooks and I have at least 4 packs scattered throughout my house and somewhere in my furniture.
"love them, all good"
Thanks for the great price Amazon! These are great and I love the variety of crochet hooks in the packet.
"I love love love these hooks.  They are ""in-line"" style, and it seems like its harder and harder to find. I'm so happy I found these and I will continue to only buy this style and brand. I have had these for years and they haven't changed since I've gotten them (the color finish hasn't worn off).

I did manage to lose one, I ran out that day and bought a replacement. LOVE LOVE LOVE."
Great purchase!
"Great value. Nice to have a whole set for such a great price. Have only used one size so far, but no issues yet."
Excellent quality.
"These hooks are cut cleanly.  I've ordered other hooks, even with holders, but they all have melted aluminum inside the hook so that there's not a lot of space there.  I will stick to these from now on."
Great crochet hooks. I will order more.
Great price
"I learned to crochet a few years ago on my own, and started off with a different brand crochet hook. Once I purchased my first Susan Bates hooks, they were so much easier to use and made crocheting simpler. I immediately got rid of my other brand crochet hooks and switched over to the Susan Bates brand. The way the hook tapers helps with catching the yarn and pulling back through without getting stuck makes these hooks great."
wonderful hooks  and easy to use
Just what my wife wanted.
I buy a case for every individual WIP.
good
Great crochet needles they seem to slide throgh the yarn easily.
"Very good,love it"
Love them. I'm a space cadet and I lose my hooks all the time and these are the only hooks I'll use.
I LOVE these hooks! I'm a beginner and have tried multiple hooks...These have been the best ones by far. I'm thinking about buying another set as a back up just in case one goes missing.
"The price for these is great as it comes out to about a dollar a crochet hook; but, the ones I have used so far are just not as smooth when sliding through the yarn as one I have made by a different manufacturer. These would be perfect for people who are trying out the hobby of crochet. For serious crocheters or beginners that want to move on to big projects after learning the basic stitches and making a stack of washcloths the thread or yarn catching on the crochet hook would be annoying. I would suggest spending a little more money for a better quality item."
Love these crochet hooks. Susan Bates have always been my choice
Work well.
My niece is enjoying learning to use the hooks. Good quality!
I love these Susan Bates Crochet hooks. I am 60 years young and I have been crocheting with Susan Bates Crochet hooks since my grandmother taught me to crochet at age 6. She gave me my first Susan Bates crochet hook. Wouldn't use any other.
Great starter set. Much easier to use than the plastic ones.
Nice assortment.
Works great.
"I like these hooks. I purchased some from ""the"" big box store and the hooks were not as well defined as these. I work faster with these because I am having less threads splitting and the definition on the hooks makes it easy for me to catch the yard without it sliding off. The shafts were smooth and no catches. They work fine for my projects and the price was good."
"I purchased these so that I could put some polymer clay handles on them, similar to the way the Tulip Etimo hooks are designed.  I would give these a 5 star ""if"" they had the handle already as with no handle, I get hand fatigue with them.  Once I put an ergonomic handle on them, they are fabulous!  I started out using Boye hooks when I first learned.  Then I went to Tulip Etimo which is in between the Bate/Boye with regards to being tapered vs inline style of hooks.  Once I got used to the Etimo hooks, I found I love inline hooks better.  So, in order to have extra hooks on hand without breaking the bank, I purchased several sets of Bates hooks and made my own handles.  They are well polished and glide well with the yarn.  Which, is an improvement over several years ago when I purchased a Bates hook and it was not well polished and snagged the yarn.  They have improved manufacturing and the quality of their hooks since that purchase, and I would venture to think they received complaints regarding the quality of their hooks.  It is good to see they fixed that problem and made improvements.  I suspect that I will be using my hooks for many years to come."
"I love these hooks. I buy them frequently. Due to a couch that likes to eat all my hooks and four children, I always need duplicates. This time I bought them as a going away gift for a friend. I think she will love them. They are the only hooks I buy. I have preferred the shape of the hook over the Boye brand since I was a teen."
Amazing hooks!!!  So much cheaper on here than hobby lobby!!  Will definitely be buying again!
Love it
they are great!
BEST CROCHET HOOKS EVER AND I RECOMMEND THEM OVER OTHER BRANDS.
"Love this pack, great price."
Love the hooks. The vibrant colors make it easier to differentiate colors and the case is very durable
"I love these hooks. I'm not a crochet aficionado yet, but I have started to knit and needed a hook to pull stray pieces of yarn through to finish my pieces. The varying sizes of crochet hooks are very handy and they are very durable! I'm certain they'll inspire me to cricket once I am able to master knitting!"
These are the easiest  crochet hooks I've ever used. So much easier to use than the Boye hooks. I will use only Susan Bates hooks to do my crocheting projects.
I am a beginner at crochet and these hooks are much better than the ones I was given at first.  These hooks keep the thread on the hook until you are ready to finish your work.
These are the only hooks I use.  I've tried others but always go back to these! Easy to go through the holes with crocheting. Easy to hold and smooth to the touch.  Yarn doesn't catch.  The only ones I've recommended!
These crochet hooks are terrible.  They are all pock marked and rough edges.
The set is just perfect and by some miracle I found my very first Sally Bates hook.  It is 45 years old.  The new set is just wonderful!  I received the hooks at 2:45 pm 7.6.2015!  WOW!
I've been crocheting for a while and Susan Bates hooks are by far the worst hooks.
Exactly what I wanted.
i love it
Much better hook design than the competition.
"Simply put, these are excellent, sturdy hooks.  I like them much better than plastic hooks."
Love the hooks and seller and got them faster than I expected!
"When I began learning to crochet, the short shank or shaft of Susan Bates hooks (that is, the part of the hook between the head and the thumb rest) seemed like a disadvantage. It seemed to me that there wasn't enough room to hold multiple loops. As I get better at crochet, though, I am beginning to see the superiority of these in-line hooks over the tapered hooks. The in-line hooks do a much better job of catching the yarn and carrying it through the stitches, which means that I can crochet a lot faster with these hooks than I can with hooks like the Boye set (D-K) that I own. Whereas the Boye hooks tend to get caught in the yarn--let's say in five out of ten stitches--the Susan Bates hooks slide right through. I haven't tried any of the Susan Bates hooks with bamboo handles, so my preferred ergonomic hooks are Tulip Etimo, but I think these Silvalume hooks are the best straight hooks in my collection. They work well for both the knife hold and the pencil hold; I have long hands and alternate between these holds and the hooks are comfortable either way.

The only thing I dislike is that the hook size isn't consistently printed on the front of the hook. Out of the six hooks in the package I received, only two had the size printed on the front, with the hook mouth toward you, which is typically what you see when they're in the pouch (unless you put them in backwards, of course). A small nit-pick, I know, but I just thought I'd mention that.

Hooks I've Tried:
Susan Bates Silvalume
Boye
Curtzy
EpicBelle
Clover Amour
Tulip Etimo"
I like the style of these hooks a little better than other brands because they have a sharper hook so it's easier to maneuver through the yarn.  The pouch is nice to keep them organized and each section is labeled with the hook size so you don't have to pull the hook out to know what size it is (as long as you put it back in the correct spot :) !)
They work well.  Easier to use than other crochet hook styles.
Great Hooks for the price.
"These have been perfect as I've been learning to crochet. Easy to use, cute colors, and even smoother than some of the more expensive hooks I've used."
Light weight and smooth.  Very easy on your hands.
These are my favorite hooks so far.
These are the same great crochet hooks I used all those many years ago and I wouldn't trade them for any others.  I still have a couple of my old ones from the 1960's but didn't have the sizes I needed so ordered these and don't regret it at all. Great purchase for me.
Better than the boys brand imp
Susan Bates hooks provide me with a smoother stitch than other needles I've used.
"These are great hooks for beginner crocheters. The are very comfortable to hold and the yarn slides off nicely. The sizes included in this pack are a perfect range for projects such as blankets, hats, scarves, etc. You may need smaller hooks for projects such as amigurumi, but you may be able to getaway with using the smallest hook in this set for that purpose."
Excellent
I have been crocheting for over 40 years.  I have always preferred this type of crochet hook that has more of a slanted angle tip that isolates yarn better while traveling through loops. It also has a more pointed tip that comes in handy when you at times need to get into a tight loop.  I have a variety of brands and prefer these over the other similar looking popular brand by far.  The design of the tip of the hook makes a big difference.  I had to use the other brand recently because I didn't have the size I was looking for in Susan Bates and it was a reminder of how much I really do have a preference for these.
"I absolutly love these hooks. They and light weight. They are nice and smooth, the yarn moves easily over them. The mouth of the hook grabs the yarn really well so their is no falling off."
"fast delivery, will recommend and order again!"
Solid.
"great set of crochet needles, just your normal aluminum set very good."
"These hooks are really useful for two reasons.  First, the shaft of the hook is straight (not tapered) and full to the actual hook and prevents the yarn from getting stuck as you crochet.  Second, these hooks are metal; they slide nicely through the yarn and there is a slight point at the end.  This is nice when you are trying to poke your way through those tight stitches.  These are the only hooks I use now.  I actually bought an extra set - they are so reasonably priced as well!  If you like to crochet - add these to your collection of hooks -- you can't go wrong!!!"
Excellent
Great
I LIKE THESE
Susan Bates crochet hooks are the only brand I use! Very comfortable to hold and I love the way the yarn slides over them.
"Like these sets.  If you do much crocheting, you need different sizes for different wool projects--hats, afghans, purses. This set is pretty decently priced.  I have never felt the need to crochet in the dark so I don't need lighted crochet hooks. These are fine."
"I love, Love, LOVE Susan Bates crochet hooks!! The hook is nice and deep and holds the yarn very well! These are the hooks I learned on as a child of 9 (I'm 49 now) and they will always be my favorites! And this is a great price for this pack of common sizes!"
Love the flat shape of the hook. Works much faster than the one with a bulbous hook.
"This is my second set of these very Silvalume hooks from Susan Bates. And that's only because I recently gave my first set to someone who's now beginning to crochet.

Best hooks I've used. They're smooth and slide seamless through the piece being made, and the weight is very comfortable in your hand. I've also bought larger sizes than the ones in this pack. Same brand, because I so love then.

P.S. My first set was purchased in Nov 2010 for $5.39, but at $7-something now, it's still a steal of a deal :)"
love these hooks.
Great crochet hooks !
They do what they should.
it is the best.
I have used Susan Bates crochet hooks for many years.  I like the way the hook is designed and they are easy to handle and crochet with.
The Susan Bates line of crochet hooks are the best!! Love these!!!
I have never been so happy to receive crochet hooks!
Susan Bates brand is the best.
Good but not grt. BOYE HOOKS similar ones are better
i  use only susan bates  crochet hooks they work better than other needles i  have used
These are excellent. Great buy. I'm very pleased. I couldn't find the whole set in any of the stores I went to and I needed them all. I use them all the time.
Great starter pack at a good price with good hook size options (F - K) for beginner projects.
Best this I ever bought. I use these everyday now
good quality
"I recently moved and was not able to find my crochet hooks anywhere.  I still have boxes to unpack so know I'll find them soon.  However, I needed a hook to complete a baby blanket I was working on (lost the hook somehow.)  Susan Bates is one of my favorite makers of crochet hooks.  I highly recommend these crochet hooks to anyone who loves to crochet."
Thanks :o)
These crochet hooks are the best ever.  The thread/yarn is held better in this type of hook and I am able to crochet faster and more accurately.
Susan Bates hooks are the best brand of hooks.
perfect
love the quality of the product
Great set for a beginner.
Perfect!  Just what you would expect a set of crochet hooks to be!
The size of the hook is not on the hook
just what i needed
"Got these for the lady. She really likes them and claims they work better than anything else she's used and it came with an odd size she didn't have, so she's happy."
Was the best hooks to use for the use I needed.
"I don't know much about crocheting but every one of the 6 was too large. They seem to be a collection of all those crochet hooks that are too large for most work and are left over. I really wanted 1 hook, the right size but there was no such choice. Didn't use them. Too inexpensive to return."
"These made getting into crochet easy. The various styles make getting used to the motions easy, as well as lets you pick a style you prefer as you begin. I suggest toying around with hook for awhile and seeing which works best for you in which situation. You'd be surprised how versatile these inexpensive hooks are."
"I have always used Bates brand hooks and personally find them to be easier than other brands. I never had any problems finding them before, but that is not the case now. I am so glad they are available here! I've seen other posts mention the little ""spot"" on theirs, but honestly, it's barely noticeable to me. My hooks end up with wear and tear anyway, so that tiny spot was worth having the hooks I love!"
"I purchased thes hooks to complete my set!  I lost all my hooks of smaller sizes! I love these hooks! I do alot of crocheting, afghans mostly! I was glad to get them all together here! The price was very reasonable! If I were to purchase these separately at the craft store it could cost me a considerable amount!  These size hooks are used alot in afghan patterns, as well as slippers, booties, and some clothing patterns!  I would recommend purchasing this hook set for the person who likes to try different patterns, or someone that just wants to learn how to crochet to find their perfect fit!"
Great buy
"Great for getting started. Good quality and sizes are printed on the hooks themselves. Bought in store, not online. Same product/price."
Works well.  Susan Bates makes good product.
"These are nice hooks.  The unique hook shape easily grasps yarn when crocheting. If I had to pick one thing I wish was different ... it would be for the thumb rest to be a little further back.  In my opinion, there isn't a lot of space from the hook to the thumb rest (when compared to other brands) which is something I've found slightly annoying at times.  Ultimately though - a seriously great deal!"
"A fifth star had they offered subsets, like 5 different hooks under gauge 3.5"
I love all things crochet and these did not disappoint.
Worst hooks I ever used. Can't get the yarn off the hook totally slows down my rythum and forget about ever having the right tension. I only use Boye
This is a fantastic set of hooks for the beginner. They are comfortable to hold and made of durable metal. I'm on my second scarf using these hooks.
"Great item, shipped fast. Ty"
"I have purchased  these hooks for more years than I care to remember , but would not recommend  them to anyone now. I could not imagine why they were so difficult to work with. ,then found they were as jagged as saw teeth . I then compared them to my older ones and found the new ones ore from Mexico.  Quite a difference in quality . Unusable. !!!"
wonderful price
"I read about these hooks in my crochet circles, and decided to try them for myself. I have to give them two thumbs up because they are exactly what people where talking about. They are comfortable and just easy to work with. I do not snag yarn anymore when I am crocheting. Great price, great item!"
"The lavender G hook - that is the size I most prefer, has a jagged edge on the outer edge of the hook that snags my yarn as I pull it through.  It took me forever to figure out where this jagged edge was, and finally found it in the inner curve.  I am going to have to find a way to file this down, if I can even get it smoothed down.  I'm very bummed, as I like the shape of these hooks better than the Boye that you find in Walmart.  :(  These are made in Mexico, if it matters.  I am looking forward to finding crafting products made in the USA where quality matters."
"I love this type of crochet hooks. Will not use any other kind.
Thank You."
Great product. Awesome price
yes my mom and daughter was overwhelmed to get them and they have been crocheting up a storm sinve
Very good
Good price!
These are the very best crochet needles .  Love them !!!!
"I'm a beginner at crocheting and only ordered these hooks (my very first set) to be eligible for free shipping. I didn't know how impressed I would be with these! My mother, a seasoned crocheter, was very impressed with these as well. Perfect weight, nice grip, and a slanted head. Good price for a great product!"
"Present for my sister, she loves them."
Not great if you're a beginner.
I love these hooks! The way these are cut where the tip of the hook is flush with the handle is awesome. I rarely snag the thread and can get my crochet super tight. I don't use any other brand of hook. Zoom in on the hook part so you can see what I am talking about. These are great especially for beginners.
Wonderful! Best hooks ever!
"Susan Bates us a quality act.  Her stuff is always good, and this product is no exception.  The hook set was solid, but the storage pouch was a little thin.  I discarded it.  The sized are printed on the hooks themselves, so it wasn't needed anyway."
Just what I needed for a beginner crocheter.
Nice variety of sizes
Excellent!!!
"Susan Bates crochet hooks are the absolute best. It was nice to be able to order a set of these without wasting time and gasoline. The other primary US brand works OK, but I like how the tip of the Susan Bates hooks functions."
"Awesome, reasonable,  comes in its own clear vinyl case easy to slip into  purse or backpack."
A crochet hook is just that.  I always buy Susan Bates Crochet Hooks.  Keep on hand.  They do not split the yearn like Boye Crochet Hooks.
Good price.
"So far I like the way these glide and do not catch my yarn as much as my Boye hooks... One complaint though, I failed to notice my Silver Hook is miss imprinted as a G-6 4.0mm (should be a F-5 3.75 per the packaging) until I pulled it out to start on a project calling for an F hook."
I love these hooks!  The edges grab the yarn perfectly.
"I crochet all the time and have many types of hooks.  I found that my favorite hook is a Susan Bates because of the blunt and not pointed point, so I sorted out all my hooks and keep my Susan Bates together and use the other brands as extras.  This is a great set of hooks."
Does what they're supposed and my wife is still using them 6 months later. Seem to be good quality.
No problems
"Product arrived on time and was exactly what I was looking for. No problems, no defects, as pictured."
Just what I was looking for.
Great little set! Hits most needed sizes for blankets and scarves which is mostly what I crochet.
"The best crochet needles money can buy, best quality!  I got the ones ""made in Mexico"", I am very pleased!"
Love these hooks !!!
"Delivered on time, and product is exactly as described."
Best hooks I've ever used and I've tried many.
Was a glft the recipient love it.
"These hooks come in a variety of sizes and are not too long. I teach crochet workshops for kids and these hooks are perfect. For experienced crocheters, they are great for just about any project. The tip of the hook is slightly pointed. Too bad they're not still made in the USA."
"These crochet hooks are just fine, though not as smooth as they could be: after a little use, they feel a little rough when yarn slides over them. But for the price, they're great!"
Very nice
"perfect, everything is in the package as promised and was delivered on time."
These are crap...they don't grab the yarn very well when you are trying to grab a stitch. I don't use them anymore....bought better ones.
Husband uses
Good product good price
"need these all the time, nice"
Excellent Transaction - Super Fast Delivery - Item as described - Highly Recommend - A +++
Works really well and comfortable to hold in your hand. No complaints for the price
Love these hooks  Fist my hand nicely. Love the straight throat
Really good product
Best crochet hooks I have ever used. Light and durable. The colors are nice and the weight of them feels perfect v
Great product! Love it!
Nice
I've been wanting to pick up crocheting for years. My grandma does it and she taught me in my teen years. I was happy to find a multi pack of needles like this for sucha great price. They are sturdy and colorful. I'm very happy with them. I've had them for overs year now and they are worth went penny.
Light weight crochet hooks in popular sizes..good value. As always shipped and delivered in promised time frame.
NICE
"these are not so good to use especially when you have carpel tuner, bad right elbow and shoulder"
"I don't really like this type of hook, with the shaved down part right underneath. I prefer Boye brand, but these are good too I guess.

If you want to crochet a thing, you can do that thing with these."
"This crochet hooks were highly rated, for the most part, and that is the reason I purchased them.  It seemed like a good value at the time.  However, these hooks snag on my yarn and are not well made. There are sharp-ish edges , which is not good for crocheting.  They scratch my hands as I try to use them and even my kids don't like them.  I have been using the Susan Bates silvalume hooks, which have a bamboo handle. They are much more comfortable to use and I don't feel fatigued in my hand nearly as quickly.  I plan to make my next purchases an even higher quality hook, like the ones made by Furls."
Great deal and does the job!
"These hooks are made with pretty good material. I dropped it a few times on the floor and it didn't make a dent. I don't recommend aluminum hooks for beginners because as we are learning the craft, you want to develop a comfortable way of crocheting. My fingers would slide around when I work on my projects. I am looking into finding the hooks with the grip. My dominate hand is cramping up when I work on my project for too long."
Love it!! It meets all y expectations! Thank you very much! :) God bless!!
Fast shipping. Great product!
As described.
"These are OKAY. The first time I've used any of them, the color has come off the hook, and they are a bit pointy and sharp at the hook, which causes them to snag the yarn."
Perfect. And arrived on time.
giving as a gift
love these style hooks. no more snagging or splitting of my yarn!
"I like these hooks, they have a sharper inside angle, yarn does not slip as easily... Not fond of the more rounded ones.."
great hooks
Great price
I always preferred metal crochet hooks to plastic ones and I really love these crochet hooks. They feel nice to me when I use them and so far I have not had any problems with them. They have the letter size and mm size written on each hook.
I was so pleased to find these crochet hooks I have looked in stores and was unable to find them.  I like the metal better than acrylic and the flat base under the hook helps the yarn flow smoother. Very pleased with my purchase. !!!  Thank you
These hooks are the best. I've been crocheting for years. You will be delighted with this product.
Arrived quickly and as pictured. Good price.
"These are fantastic, especially for the price. The handles are a wee bit short for me, and the neck could be longer, but each person crochets differently, so keep that in mind when reading this review. The handle isn't a deal breaker because, even before I ordered, I planned to add polymer clay for custom handles. The hooks did great during the process of shaping and cooking the clay.

I was a life-long Boye user, but once I tried a Bates hook, I instantly became a convert to Bates.

Next up, I'm going to try their steel hooks.

Additionally, I'm teaching my niece to crochet and started teaching her with Boye hooks. We forgot a hook when we were taking a road trip, so I swung by a craft store. We grabbed a Bates hook and she had a much easier time with the Bates than the Boye.

I recommend these hooks to anyone."
"I got these for a stocking stuffer; the price was reasonable especially compared with local craft stores. Nice to have a complete set again, especially because I'm trying to use up leftover yarn from old knitting projects and getting stitches to the correct scale was challenging with my limited collection of crotchet hooks. Also, my daughter wants to learn and this will be a nice way for her to see how various hooks work (or don't) with different yarns. Great value  delivered right to my door! A+"
I had them years ago and lent them out and never got them back. I am sure they still have them now. They do not rust or break.  What more can you ask for.
"I am a beginner at crochet. These hooks are nice, although they do catch quite often. I am thinking I will try the plastic ones next. For the price though they aren't bad."
Just what I needed.
Great product! Fast service!
Susan Bates hooks are the absolute best.  The way they are manufactured makes them easier to use (over their competitors' design).
"I've had these hooks for now 6-7 years and they've held up well. They are heavy but ergonomic. There are several sizes included that work with all yarn widths and they can be used to make simple or complex patters. I purchased them for my 9 year old who wanted to learn to crochet and she was able to crochet a cap and a scarf and make several patterns. We still use them for our crochet projects, it's fun as the garment grows faster than knitting.

These hooks have retained their shape and have not bent even though they've been dropped, thrown into handbags. Good product."
"great product, love the color differences (makes easy to find and differentiate) and good quality."
"This shipment arrived promptly, and the product was exactly what I expected."
Just like the ones that I had been searching for and decided I had put in a Goodwill bag. I found mine the day before these arrived.  Mine have been used for years so hopefully these will last as long.
I love these crochet needles! Would like to see about a complete set from 1 to how every large they come!
"These hooks are smooth and wonderful, they make me so much faster. The shape is unique and keeps the yarn firmly in place I don't think I can even go back to my old hooks!"
Nice hooks
Just what I was looking for.  Thank you.
Good quality!!
"Arrived fast, it's just as advertised, can't wait to use it!"
"as expected, nice and smooth"
These come in handy for my current craft project. I recommend these hooks.
Great product.
"I prefer Bates brand. That said, I wish the cushioned hooks weren't so pricey as I think they would have been easier on my arthritic fingers."
Very satisfied
"These hooks are excellent and I won't use any others.  They are easy on your hands, glide smoothly through the yarn and never catch or slip off the yarn.  When I first began to crochet in earnest I bought other brands of hooks but they were uncomfortable to work with and made a pleasurable hobby difficult.  Then I tried Susan Bates hooks and was hooked!!  I recommend these for anyone from new crocheter to experienced."
"These are rare ""In Line"" crochet hooks; my favorite type.  No splitting of yarn."
I love these.  For me they work better than the other type of hook.  Especially useful when I'm doing something that requires a tight stitch.
GREAT
"Great item! Thanks
Would order again."
"<div id=""video-block-R1KKOSXG6HKV6I"" class=""a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block""></div><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/B1KZ1NAG8iS.mp4"" class=""video-url""><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/71HZt4RFVES.png"" class=""video-slate-img-url"">&nbsp;I purchased these last year when I entered a strange nesting phase.  I learned how to make what you see in the video with the help of youtube videos and step-by-step crochet web sites. The entire project in this video was made using the 9 mm hook from this kit with 1 1/2 of these: http://amzn.com/B001C2A4EM.  The hook held up great, was comfortable in my hand, and is pretty much the go-to hook for almost all of my projects.  Buy these hooks.  They are the best."
Gave as gift.
"I've ordered these twice, and love them.  I gave the first pack to a friend, and had to get a replacement pack for myself.  These are great!  They pick up the yarn easy, and don't snag all the time either."
Great price.
Love these.
"Susan Bates hooks are simply amazing, they slide and glide through the yarn with no fuss. I have ordered many hooks from amazon and they all leave much to be desired. These hooks just work...They make crocheting so much more enjoyable and in my opinion reduce some of the stress to my hands."
Just what I was looking for! quick shipping.
I loved the varying sizes and colors.  The pouch makes it so easy to carry with me when I am traveling.
"I bought these as my first crochet hooks, and they're great! I find them very easy to work with, and the yarn doesn't catch on them at all. I'm glad I got all kinds of different sizes since I ended up using a different gauge than the one recommended in the pattern I picked to make first."
Great set of Susan Bates Hooks
"I was looking to get back into crocheting, after many years.  This is a good set to have and works for most common projects."
I love my new hooks!
love these hooks.  they are very slick and easy to use
If you crochet then you need Susan Bates hooks.  They don't slip and they don't catch thread like other hooks.  Best price on the internet.  I love these hooks!  Thanks Amazon for having them on your site.  I will definitely buy again.  Thank you!!
A+++
The product was exactly as described. Good Price.
"Nice smooth finish. I prefer them over&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Boye-Crochet-Master-Steel-and-Aluminum-Crochet-Hook-Set/dp/B000WV84W8/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Boye Crochet Master Steel and Aluminum Crochet Hook Set</a>. Hook throat is flat with clean sharp edges. Hook catch is very clean and sharp. Point on hook head is well defined. Embossing is barely raised and I have not gotten any sore fingers from them. Each hook is marked with their 3 defined sizes: British #, Continental (mm) and U.S. Alpha."
shared some of these woderfull hooks with my friends
"love these hooks, just started and they were super easy to work with. I also sent a pair to my sister, so she can learn to crochet as well. would buy Susan Bates hooks again."
Nice assortment.
replaced old ones been busy with projects thanks
perfect
"Sturdy and high quality. Great for grandchildrens' arts and crafts,but don't know much else about crocheting."
"I was disappointed with the quality  of the crochet hooks. The F hook had a rough spot on the hook that had to be filed down, it was catching on the yarn.  I will know better next time,I should have ordered quality tools."
"Susan Bates: good quality, reasonable price"
Love my new hooks. They are smooth metal (for not snags) and have the in-line hook so I don't make my stitches too small.
Great
Susan Bates hooks are the best on the market today. They pick up and hold better than other hooks and I have used them for a very long time. I think any one would truly enjoy using these hooks for any project you are making. They are the best!
good product yarn gets caught on hooks not sanded enough
they are fine
"Gave this set to a friend so she could start learning how to crochet.  They feel nicely balanced in one's hand and hook the thread easily.  I""ve always used Susan Bates crochet hooks which is why I gave them with confidence."
I really like these hooks. Easiest to use of all the ones I own.
Nice set of needles for my granddaughter; I hope she enjoys them!!
I have always used Susan Bates crochet hooks and they are the best !! Would recommend them to anyone.
susan bates are the best
Crochet hooks works as promised! Great set!
I like this style better than the other.  Easier for me to crochet with
Nice travel pack and selection of sizes.  I take it on every trip so I am prepared no matter my project.
Great
I only ordered these because I had loaned my others to a friend.. but they are okay
My mom loved them.
Hooks aren't finished very well.  The aluminum finish is rough.
"Gave them as a gift to young Granddaughter, she liked them."
I've been using Susan Bates aluminum crochet hooks for over 50 years.  When I worked at a craft shop in the late 70's I got to try all different hooks and kept coming back to Susan Bates.  You absolutely cant go wrong with these.
great
These are the best crochet needles around.
I love these. They don't snag near as easily as the other type.
Easy to use. Yarns glides easily with no snags.
Received as expected.
Lightweight basic hooks. My only dislike is my yarn would get caught and ravel. They're good for beginners or for an extra set. Great price.
"To be honest, I'm actually disappointed with the quality of these.  They are sharp and edgy (actually cut my finger on them) and they tend to split the yarn and don't pull through the stitches smoothly at all.  Such a shame."
CROCHET HOOKS...MY FIRST SET...THEY SEEM FINE TO ME.
Great
works well
Daughter love them
"I love these hooks since the actually hook doesn't protrude from the rest of the stem, it seems to just glide through while working especially if you are stitching fast. I will be buying Susan Bates hooks from now on because I love the design."
Comfortable.
This is a should have tools for beginner. Very smooth and easy to use
It amazing for beginners and fast crocheters. I am able to quickly grab yarn without the worry of getting it stuck. I really like it over the Boyes. I have a collection of Boyes but now I only use the Bates :D
"Decent hooks for beginners like me.  One of the hooks (G?) was a little sharp on the edge and would snag the yarn, so that is why I am giving a 4/5. I also had to spend a little extra to buy the hook grippy pad things (I'm sure that is the technical name for it.) ;) because the medal sort of hurt after a while, but I think that is a personal preference."
Chinese-POOR QUALITY
"Great price, quick ship, exactly as described."
They hold the yarn just right for me.  I also like the crisp indentation of the hook head.
"Fine for my purposes as I am mainly a knitter who crochets simple borders, flowers, accents every now and then. For the price, I thought this was a good buy. They aren't as smooth as some knitting needles I've used, so the ""flow"" of the yarn is not as smooth, but I've had no problems with snagging or anything like that. I don't think these would be ideal for large crochet projects, but again, I'm not an advanced crochet artist. ;)"
I very much like this crochet hooks because they are very easy to use.  The thread doesn't fall off.
Great set of needles  easy to use .  Like these products  easy to read I did use a rubber grip on hook to make it easier on my hands because of arthritis so this helped.  These are great hooks and I would recomend.  Thank you
"These hooks were exactly what I needed for the projects I am creating!  I have used Bates crochet hooks before, but needed these sizes!"
If you crochet you know to go with Susan. They don't seem to sell them in many craft stores any more and Boye is simply no comparison. Glides in and out effortlessly and saves so much time.
"pretty much the standard for inexpensive good quality aluminum hooks.
cheap enough to buy multiple (kids lose them, freinds borrow them) and good enough quality that they don't snag,"
These are Susan Bates hooks and as far as i am concerned they are the best. Everyone has their own style and these do just what i want. I would recommend them and buy them again.
Susan Bates Crochet Hooks give a smooth flow to your yarn without catching the yarn.  This is a nice collection of sizes.
"These Crocheting Hooks were the exact type I was looking for. Plus with points accumulated, I received them for FREE!!!!"
"I am happy with this purchase. Since I am starting to crochet,  I need a needle that helps me holding the tread and it does. My only concern is about its colors. The paint seems that will come off after few uses. But, overall it's is a great choice for this  price."
"Been crocheting for 42 years and have tried everything.  These are so smooth, precise, and easiest to use.  I love having al, of the sizes in one kit.  The difference in these versus others in shape of the head.  It is perfect.  I can fly using this brand. Great price through Amazon!"
"I use them all the time. They are a very nice quality. Also, a great price. I love to crochet!"
Tese are bettr than ther brand design but not as good and smooth as my older Bates hooks.  They were made in Mexico and have sharp hook edges which I used a nail file on to smooth off a bit and had to scratch in the letter ID because the mold used did not show the lettering as clearly as the older versions of this style hook.
This was a great variety of sizes for using for all kinds of things..I like to crochet and I use the smaller ones to help me with the rainbow loom bands...They are sturdy and work way better than the plastic rainbow loom comes with
"I bought these for less than you'd pay at Joann's or Michael's craft stores. I lose my coupons to those stores, so this was a great option."
This is a great package and it was sent to me faster than I had expected! Always a plus!!!!  Love it!
"I like both types of crochet hooks, but these are the best of their type. I use them with a cushion added since they are too thin for me, like most hooks."
"They don't split yarn and make it much easier to achieve your desired stitch. They've been my ""go to"" choice for 20 years.

Similar manufacturers such as Boye make poorer quality much less efficient hooks. They spilt the yarn and increase my project time by a 1/3.

Susan Bates is the best"
"I choose these crochet hooks,  because they hold the yarn so much better than the other ones I have used."
"I recently bought these hooks knowing that quite a lot of people favor them and I can see why. They glide easily through stitches, are easy to hold and handle, come in very easy to see colors so you can determine your sizes by color, they dig into the stitches more so than any hook I've used, they aren't flimsy due to being aluminium and they come with a easy to store pouch. I can't fault them."
"perfect for all the projects from baby to afghans. Not made in China,so that's a plus . These are great quality and just the right sizes you will need."
This package of hooks has been great for my daughters Rainbow Loom set. The plastic hook that comes with the set did not last very long with her making so many different intricate items. The different sizes allowed her to do more too.
I was so happy to receive this shipment.  It was exactly what I was looking for.  I will purchase additional sizes in the very near future.  I still am looking for the finger guards for the crochet hooks.
"These are the very best crochet hooks money can buy, they have a nice point on the end and go through the yarn like butter, I crochet every day and these are all I will use!"
"Susan Bates have always been my favorite crochet hooks.  Recently I was looking for some for a friend in various stores and couldn't find them, all the stores seemed to only carry Boye brand which I've tried but don't like.  The hook part on the Boye brand is not deep enough to hold the yarn and it slips out/off.  They also sometimes have rough edges.  Then I tried Amazon and found this wonderful set of 6 very popular sizes of Susan Bates.  Amazon saved me again, thank so much.  If you've tried other brands and are dissatisfied, I would encourage you to try Bates, think you'll love them and they will be your favorites also.  They've been around for years, my mother always used them too.  Thanks again Amazon!"
i needed to use this during radation and chemo treatment - was the best toothbrushes for sore gums and mouth
"This is actually my second set of these hooks, my first set got taken away from me at the Mazatlan, Mexico airport a few weeks ago. (Don't get me started....). So it was really convenient to buy these all at once in this package."
Very good quality. I am just beginner and this has all the sizes I'd like to experiment with. However my mom uses Boye. She likes the smooth neck of her crochet hook compared to the sharp neck of this one as sometimes the thread of wool can get caught in it and slow your speed. I'm yet to get to that stage :P
Great set at a great price.  I have use different hooks and these are my favorite ones.  Easy to use and handle.  I like the thumb rest on them as well.
"I have been crocheting for over 50 years but it took my daughter to figure out that Susan Bates crochet hooks make the job easier.  We haven't figured out why, but they seem to catch and release the yarn more smoothly."
Coats & Clark provides fast shipping and a excellent product. The Susan Bates hooks are easier to crochet with. I absolutely love this product and recommend!
"I WAS VERY PLEASED TO RECEIVE THE CROCHET HOOKS.
THANK YOU FOR A FINE JOB AS ALWAYS.
FROM NORTH CAROLINA"
These crochet needles are great for any project.  They are good quality needles.  Recommend these for anyone who uses aluminum needles.
pkg they came in was ripped NOT in a good shape at all. now got to find hooks for bulky yarn
"I was disappointed because I thought I was buying the ""old"" style crochet hooks.  That is the reason for giving 4 stars instead of 5.  I will still use them or give them away, but find the new style splits the yarn much more and I cannot work as quickly."
I have always preferred aluminum over plastic for my crochet and knitting tools. These are really nice and have a smooth finish. This is helpful to prevent snagging of the yarn.
Satisfied with the price and quality of these.  I liked the fact I was getting a variety of sizes.  Ive seen these as highly recommended in the amazon reviews and that is what helped me choose which to purchase.
Just what I was looking for and they arrived in the time frame stated. I prefer the Susan Bates crochet hooks to work on all my projects and I cant always find them in the local stores.
"I taught myself to crochet 6 years ago with Boye hooks.  I've used them exclusively (save for two light up ones I bought for crocheting in the car) and never considered switching brands.  I crochet a moderate amount and sell a good portion of my projects.  Someone requested an item that needed a J hook, which I did not have, so when I went to purchase I figured why not just try this inexpensive set to see if it makes my crocheting any easier or faster.  Many reviews led me to believe that I'd become a crocheting machine once I had these hooks, and they do work well, but sadly I haven't seen any great improvement in my speed or fluidity since making the switch.  Since receiving them however, I have used them almost exclusively which I guess says I like them at least equally well to the Boye hooks.  I have found that the shaft is shorter on the larger hooks which makes fitting multiple loops for double, triple, crocheting together, etc. tricky at times."
Susan Bates is my preferred brand. I am able to crochet very fast with this design hook. I don't like using anything else.
Great product and at a great price too! :) They are listed for more in the store (what a rip off!) I would definitely recommend :)
These are the best hooks I have ever used!  They do not pick the yarn.  I highly recommend these to anyone who loves to crochet!
Good price for this set.  Use Susan bates for all my crochet hooks and this set gives me a variety of standard size hooks.
Gifted it to my mom along with A to Z of Crochet: The Ultimate Guide for the Beginner to Advanced Crocheter and Lion Brand Yarn Bonbons and she loves it. She doesn't stop crocheting now! :)
I received this earlier than I was told to expect it and am just loving how smoothly it glides through the yarn.  Like butter.
"Not much can be said - they work well. The design of the hook is the shape I prefer - not the blunt contoured hooks that can make crochet less than pleasant. These are the type with a more blunt tip, and sharp, wide hook. I've never seen names for the two hook designs. Have you?"
"I have been getting so stressed and anxious lately that I was thinking of learning how to knit, but instead I remembered these crocheting classes I took a few years back. I wasn't exactly sure how to get started again, but started off by buying this set based on reviews. Without fail, I am extremely happy with the purchase and cannot emphasize enough how easy these hooks made my transition back into crocheting."
"PRODUCTS WERE GREAT QUALITY, GREAT SELECTION, RIGHT PRICE AND FAST SERVICE. MANY PRODUCT CHOICES ON THIS SITE. A PLACE TO LOOK FOR WHAT YOU NEED."
"i haven't crocheted in years, but as i'm getting back into crafting, i saw this good deal and was excited to work with them. they're really nice. :) definitely recommend!!"
"These are good quality crochet hooks in sizes F, G, H, I, J and K and in pretty colors.  There are no sharp edges or burrs that might snag or cut whatever yarn you may be using.  They come in a nice little plastic case that you can keep them in.  I recommend them."
Susan Bates are the Only hooks I'll use. I have been using them for over thirty-five years.  Reasonable priced/excellent product.
I recently learned how to crochet and I was using a hook I borrowed from a friend. I kept splitting the yard so after a little research I learned about inline hooks and ordered these. I never split my yarn anymore. I'll stick with this brand for other sizes.
"I love to crochet and these hooks are perfect.  I am happy I was able to get different sizes and colors in one pack.  The price was right I couldn't pass up the opportunity to purchase.

Thanks"
"Im just learning to crochect but i love them! Lightweight, easy to use, yarn glides easily. I highly reccomend it. Also the sellar was fantastic!"
"These are great for the price.  I am very pleased and would purchase again.  What can you say about crochet hooks, these  have worked for me."
"This is a great product. You get exactly what you see in the picture and it's good quality. Works perfect, very satisfied."
Picked these up at Michael's because they looked great at the hook part and seemed the thread would slide easily and was I right! I was working with a cheap bamboo beginner set that was terrible. If you want a starter pack GO WITH THESE! It's cheaper and the case is super handy to keep everything in its proper place. I don't have a bad thing to say about them! Trying the Clover hooks next I will post a review later :)
"I bought this hook set a year ago, and this is the second time I buy it to give it as a gift. The first time you use it the material feels kind of hard, but the more use you give it, it gets softer, and now it just slides through the yarn. I love it, and I recommend this hook set for anyone. The price is amazing, it's like one dollar for a hook! Pretty cool! I also love the colors, and the pouch material is durable, though after six months I made my own crochet pouch. :)"
When i  ordered theses  i was  hoping for  none  shanks  but  doesn't  seem like anyone knows  how to  make  True  crochet hooks  no  more ..
These are my favorite brand of crochet hooks.  They are the ones my grandmother always used (she taught me how to crochet) and they go through the yarn easily.  Highly recommend!
"I am very disappointed in these. The edges of the ""hook portion"" is very sharp and catches the wool.  It is not the say quality as the Boyle hook that I had."
Very nice colors and sizes.  You can never have too many crochet hooks!!!!  :-)  My favorite hook brand.  CROCHET IS FUN!
"I just recently got into crocheting, and wound up buying a second set of these so I can have more than one project going and not necessarily need to stop because of only one hook being available. Grandma used Bates, so if they're good enough for Grandma, they're good enough for me!"
My sister is excited to starting crocheting with me.  This set will provide her with a great starting point.  The price is just right.
"This is a nice assortment of hooks in frequently used sizes that comes in its own plastic storage pouch. I've been crocheting for over 40 years and have tried a variety of different crochet hooks. These are, without a doubt, my favorites. The end of these hooks is pointed, which makes it easy to insert into tight stitches. The throat is deep, making it easy to catch the yarn when you do a yarn over. The aluminum hooks are lightweight and quite durable. I like the plastic case pouch as well: it makes it easy to find the size hook you need and protects the hooks from scratches or getting lost in the bottom of your crafting or project bag."
Susan Bates crochet hooks are my favorite brand. I bought these for my daughter & granddaughter since I already have & use a set of my own.
These Susan Bates hooks are the only way to go when crocheting.  I like the deep hook (boye is too shallow) and the smoothness of the hook.  These are the hooks my mom always liked also.
"(Sounds like a boring Ang Lee movie, right?)  I bought these hooks because I don't really like the Boye head design and I was having problem with rough edges catching on the yarn.  These are actually at least as bad, as in about 20 stitches the paint was chipping off and the edges are snagging like crazy.  I give two stars instead of one because they are really, really, cheap but it definitely shows.  Waste of money.

Update - I bought the acrylic version of these hooks (Susan Bates brand) and they are much better.  No snags at all."
"I'm learning to crochet, so I bought several different kinds of hooks to try.  I thought I liked the Boye hooks, until I lost one and pulled the same size out of this pack.  I really like these much better.  The hook grabs the yarn much better, and I can crochet much faster and more evenly."
"They arrived as ordered, I have used them and they are sturdy and easily identified with the impressed letter/number so that you can make sure it corresponds with American and International directions.  Price was right, would purchase this item again."
for the amount of crochet hooks that are in this pack it was def worth the price!  I love having the choice of what size I want to use and not having to stick with one size for every project
i love this kind of hooks i only wish there were more sizes like all the sizes then i would buy more
"Great set for all skill levels, particularly beginners. Quality hooks, no catches, true to gauge, easy on the hands. Good price."
i loved colors that it came in when i bought them and the sizes that i needed to make the baby blanket i was hoping to make plus i loved looking at the shipping slip and seeing thank you it made my day. hoping to buy more from yall thank you. :)
"I found these crochet hooks in the head form that I like but, was disappointed at the quality of the product. The color was coming off and the metal material was cheap. These were not made in the USA and it shows. Living overseas I was forced to order them on line and am disappointed. These are good if you really want hooks with Susan Bates head form but other wise be prepared for the color coating to start peeling."
"These hooks are beautiful to look at, but they're also lightweight and easy to use. Each hook is marked with what letter they are, as well as how many milometers, which makes it helpful to know which is which, and the clear pouch they come in is great for storing them. They feel very durable, too, and I expect that I'll be able to use them for a very long time. I would definitely recommend this set to anyone just starting out with crochet."
"Okay so I'm a guy.  Most ppl, even my son, think i am a bit strange to be crocheting.  But, I love to do it and it helps pass the time and is relaxing and productive.  Idle hands and all huh?  Well I learned on boye brand too but recently got some Susan bates traditional (old style).  I must point out that the older style makes a different gauge than the newer style.  the newer ones are looser or bigger.  They don't penetrate the stitches as well as their older cousins but they do hold the yarn better.  I bought this set and then bought a set (at a great price) of the bamboo handles ones 9I had problems with my finger top getting sore and my arthritis acting up as the hooks can be cold.  I love the way it feels like an extension of my fingers.  these are the best I have tried thus far, and i have tried a lot.  they are cost effective too.  I would recommend this set for any level and especially for a gift, even if the person you are getting them for already has some.  I now have 3 sets and use all of them almost as much.  some travel, some stay at the house while some are just in ongoing projects.  never have to look for a hook now."
"I love these crochet hooks. They've got the inline heads and I just find it so much easier to keep the yarn on the hook. The crochet hooks I used to buy were rounded and my yarn would always slip right off. It was really frustrating. I would start a project and stop because it was so difficult. With the Silvalume hooks, I can actually get my projects finished!"
"My favorite brand of crochet hooks! The hooks ""holds"" the yarn more than the other brands like Boye, etc.  I have friends who aren't in favor of them, but for me they're my best choice. It's the only brand that I can use."
I used to only used Boye.  Now I find I like Bates better. They seem well made. I'll update if they break.
"I don't know what it is, but I love these hooks! They just slide through the yarn like butter! I can totally tell the difference between these hooks and the various others I've purchased in the past!"
Super fast service. Perfect for most of your crochet yarns. I really needed an extra set to share with my girls.
"I needed these in a pinch to finish a project and they came quickly, with free shipping (I ordered them around the holidays). They are very good quality, with no imperfections that I have found. I would order them again! Also, the colors are pretty!"
Great Crochet hooks. Nice colors and different sizes are a plus to have.  I would buy more again if needed.
"It's good price and quility..
I am happy with this..
I will crochet  my table cover.
thanks fast delivery and good crochet hook set.."
"Good well defined points and hooks make these crochet hooks work effortlessly through all yarns, I highly recommend this set and brand of hooks."
Great buy. It is a good value for the number of hooks in the package. I am traveling and didn't have any hooks with me. Ordered these to use where I am visiting. Glad I did.
Excellent product! These appear to be of high quality & I am so glad I purchased them :-) My nieces will truly enjoy them
"I have been crocheting for 40+ years, and have always used Susan Bates hooks because I love them.  I needed a few more sizes, so I ordered this package.  They arrived today and I immediately started a project I was waiting to start.  What a complete disappointment.  The quality of these crochet hooks is the worst I have ever witnessed.  The edges of the hook are so sharp and jagged that they snag the yarn WITH EVERY STITCH.  And ALL of the hooks in the package are like this; not just the one I was using.  I compared them to my old Susan Bates hooks - absolutely no comparison.  I could not be more disappointed with these hooks."
"My favorite hooks, inline head. I recommend them for smooth crocheting with even stitches.
Nice to have all sizes available."
"love susan Bates products, feels so comfortable in your hands,won't tear the yarn like some of the others. great buy too"
"The Susan Bates Silvalume Crochet hook set in pouch size are listed on the out side of the pouch, and are great as expected."
"This set is OK for someone who is experimenting with crocheting.  I wasn't sure if I was going to like crocheting, and after spending a small fortune on knitting needles I wanted something inexpensive.  Of my set of hooks, one of them was ""bad"" - it had barbs which I had to file down with a metal file.  Even filed, however, the hook does not function very smoothly.  I will definitely be replacing this set with some nicer hooks."
Made in China.  Rough edges make working with yarn impossibly difficult. Every stitch is a problem unto itself.  Very Disappointed .
I love susan bates crochet hooks!  I started out on Boye and was always frustrated.  So I tried this brand and will never go back.  I actually threw out all of my Boye hooks. I just find these are so much easier to crochet with.  Now this is all I will buy!
"These hooks have a pointier edge than the ones I'm used to, which makes them easier to work with. This kit also had many of the most-often used sizes, which is great for people who always like to be able to have the right hook on hand for whatever project they happen to be working on that day."
"Exactly what I wanted. The hook is deep enough that it easily grabs the yarn. I like that each hook is a different color, so it's easy to pick out the one I need. And with 6 sizes, I have what I need for most crochet projects. Plus, the plastic pouch is great for storage when I'm not using the hooks."
This set gives you a nice variety of different sizes of crochet hooks.  I like the variety very much. It's almost inexpensive.
Not bad for the price and they're sturdy too. I likely the fact that it has the U.S. Letters and mm on them
"Susan Bates has the best crochet hooks, easy to work with, smooth, and the only kind I will use. When one wants the best crochet hooks you look for Susan Bates."
I give these 5 stars because I've bought the plastic hooks previously and love those too but it didn't seem to work with me cause about a year ago I had a stroke so when I crochet I queeze the hooks and they use to break easily so I got these and that seem to be durable I don't think my hand would break these!
I am so glad I bought this set.  I love the inline hooks they work much better for me.  I love having all my hooks together in one pack so I don't have to but them separate and they stay all together.  I also like that the main hook sizes I use came in this set.
"These hooks are very durable and easy to work with, though the paint may chip easily. The size collection is just right for beginners all the way to advanced crocheters. I consider myself of an intermediate skill level. I like the colors particularly - not for the appearance, but for how easy it is to remember which color corresponds to which size. This makes them very easy to store, organize, and locate quickly for different projects."
I love these metal hooks because they are the perfect weight for me. They are smooth and well balanced and I love crocheting with them.
"Have been crocheting for 30 years now, and have always used Boyce brand needles.  However, have lost one set of
my aluminum needles.  Ordered these because they are aluminum also.  They are not exactly like my old set of needles,
seem shorter but they will do nicely.  The stitch seems to be about the same, and there are no rough parts on them."
"the product came today, it is exactly as described even though I hoped the smallest one would be more smaller, but nevertheless it will be useful.

Only time will show its quality and durability. Otherwise it feels good in the hand."
"I bought these because they were a good price.  I'm not sure what else I can say about them, except they seem to be a good quality and they work."
"I bought these to send with my daughter to college.  Crocheting calms her down and she make some of the prettiest projects.  These hooks are great for using on all yarns,  even the ones that are not twisted tightly.  Some hooks have a tendency to split yarns when you are pulling through, these rarely do. They also arrived before expected."
"I bead summer time, crochet during winter. Since I have small children, I ordered multiple packs. Living in Alaska, a lot of items are expensive. This was affordable and most enjoyable to use."
Bought these for my wife (she crochets) and she really likes them. They glide over yarn easily and aren't too heavy. Only downside might be nitpicking on her part but she was disappointed in aesthetic quality of the hooks. There are the occasional  tiny dot of missing color on hooks. Not a big deal but kept hooks from being rated 5 stars instead of 4.
"These hooks are durable for countless years , easy to use, and the colors are nice.  I did not pay attention to the brand at first, but now that I am using these hooks, I realize name brand sometimes matters.  I'm happy to get them again."
"I've been crocheting over 50 years and have used several difference needle brands, but I always come back to Susan Bates Silvalume. I also like her hooks with bamboo handles. The hooks are light-weight and the tips are more chiseled and defined than other brands, which for me results in less split yarn and fewer dropped stitches."
I more so got this for sewing as to push through or pull material inside out when it's a tight fit and didn't want something that would tear the material I was working with.  So since it works for it's not intended purpose I am guessing it works well with what it was made for!!
"Most of my experience with chrochet hooks is from using steel hooks for making doily (#6, 10, 12).  So you know I used very fine point hooks.  For normal yarn projects, I used to use small bamboo hooks (#3 and 4.  I think they were made in Japan, but not sure which brand) and loved those.  However, I wanted to get slightly bigger hooks for my projects and started to look around.

I knew I wanted to get the inline head hooks and something that's smooth gliding and sturdy.  However, bamboo hooks seemed expensive.  And I wasn't sure how often I'd be crocheting, so wasn't into spending fortune on hooks.  Susan bates hooks appeared to satisfy my need. And their color coding was pretty too.

The actual handling?  So far, I liked it.  I used F5 and G6 and they don't split yarn and grip yarns well.  (I used 100% wool, 100% cotton and 55% acryl/45% nylon yarns)  But that really depends on how individuals do it, so I can't speak for others.  As for the larger hooks, I personally feel the heads are bulky and too round that I wish they were pointier.  Granted there are hook heads that are rounder than these and if you look close at them, they indeed are pointy (at the top).  However, my steel hook experience made me feel like I prefer pointy, really pointy needle like tips.  Again, it's just my preference.

But overall, I'm satisfied with the purchase."
"I previously bought some Boye hooks because that is all they had at my local crafts store. I decided to buy these because of the high review ratings and I am very happy I did!! These are so much better than the Boye Hooks I have, and so far I have had no problems with the hook snagging on the yarn. SO HAPPY!! :) Definitely buy these to avoid the frustration from Boye hooks."
"these make the crocheting so easy! worth the price too! the colors are a plus, really like it!
wish the pouch was of a better quality only. thanks!"
"these are good sturdy crochet hooks, come in 6 sizes. i love using them. good price. cant ask for more!!"
"I've always used Boye needles and this is a step down from it only because of the way it's shaped, that's my only complaint. Other than that, I believe these needles offer the potential of getting my crochet projects done and they may be able to help me with my loom knitting ideals."
"I learned to crochet from my grandmother years ago, but only picked it up again in the last few years. I had a couple of these hooks that she'd given me over the years; literally, two of them, a J size and an F size.  I finally decided it was time for my own set. With prime shipping, these were like half the price they are in my local craft stores for the same set, so it was a no-brainer to order them.

The hooks I got seem to be of the same quality as my older ones.  I love the way the yarn slides on them so easily and I'm used to the shape and slant of the tip, so I like it.  I can't speak to more intricate projects; I don't really get past mid-level difficulty in my projects.  But for simple blankets, scarves, hats and bags, I'm very happy with these and I do love the colors.

I will say a couple of mine arrived slightly chipped in spots.  It doesn't affect their utility or anything, and my old ones are a little chipped too, but just sayin'.  Still very happy with them."
"These hooks are great for the price. You get six different sizes for different yarn weights. The hooks are light weight and smooth so they don't snag the fluffiest of yarns. For a beginner, these are perfectly acceptable hooks. I like that they are color coded so you can grab them quickly without having to determine the size by sight."
"A defining feature to these hooks is the straight notch on the head of the hook. It is much more defined than other hooks. I find it easier to crochet with these because I can hold onto the yarn better and have less slip. If I have a situation where I have a Boye brand hook but no Bates brand hook, I would rather take a trip to the store to buy a new Bates hook than use a non-Bates brand. The time I would take to go to the store and back, I would make up for in the speed and efficiency at which I can crochet using this hook brand over another.
Similarly, I like the aluminum finish. They are very lightweight, but not flimsy at all. Very sturdy. This would be a great gift for the beginner and advanced user alike. All around great product. My absolute favorite hook se."
I purchased this item for a crochet club that I was leading at a middle school.  You can't beat Susan Bates for metal hooks and this set which contained very popular sizes was no acceptation.
"My daughter ordered this to use to teach herself how to crochet.  They worked well, but she is still learning..."
I am new to crocheting but this pack of hooks are great! The variation in sizes give me a chance to find that right fit for me.
Just exactly what I am looking for!!! They so easy to use and glide smoothly thru the yard. Might to look another size... Just to complete my collection 
"I got 2 F hooks, 2K hooks, 1 H hook, 1I hook. I really need the J hook. I just ordered another set  and I hope I get lucky this time"
I'm not a crochet expert yet (just beginning) so I cant say whether these are the best or the worse type but so far so good. I like them. Maybe once I get more experience under my belt and try different crochet hook brands I will change my opinion
"My wife decided to pick up crochet and got these to start, she loves them! the only other thing she needed was a yarn needle"
This is the second set Ive ordered. I ordered these as back up in case I lose any of the ones I have. Bates hooks are by far my favorite and I might just buy a third set someday. I recommend these highly!
There's not a whole lot to say about crochet hooks...they are crochet hooks. These were purchased to replace some of my plastic hooks and they have satisfied that completely. I was able to purchase the entire set for about the price of a single hook. Great deal.
"EXACTLY what I was looking for.  The price was excellent.  Always, the local stores are out of a size and charge much more.  This entails returning to the store at additional cost and time spent."
"Having lost a crochet hook, I figured the quickest way to find it was to replace it. Well, I still haven't found that lost one, but I have used all the hooks in this set and I'm glad that I bought it!"
This was a great find thought they were the same price as most craft stores if you are like me and too lazy to go get it here.
"I like very much the inline style of this crochet hooks.
 there are mare expensive hooks in the market but not
  necessarily  better ones.
It's a pity that hook no. 4.5 mm is missing from the set."
yes  love them.  just what i wanted. Great made quality. i love the large rounded hook tops.  these are hard to find here. as far as the shipping.  coats and clark shipped them out to me before the estimated date to be shipped out to me. I will ordor from coats and clark again.  Thank You.
There's not a whole lot to say about crochet hooks...they are crochet hooks. These were purchased to replace some of my plastic hooks and they have satisfied that completely. I was able to purchase the entire set for about the price of a single hook. Great deal.
Title says it. I've used these hooks for years. I've taken up crocheting again and had to replace my hooks. These are always my first choice!
I purchased these Crochet Hook Set and the price was quite reasonable compared to the prices at JoAnns and Walmart.  These are much better than the Coats & Clark Crystalites Acrylic Crochet Hooks and have a better feel.
"Great as it gives all the hooks required, and saves you from buying seprately and  the books gives the ideas of which hook to use for which projest so you can never go wrong.  excellent and Higly recommed.
thanks for the fast shipment and excellent service."
"I'm not a crocheter. Let me start with that. I knit. There are many projects out there that are finished with crocheting techniques, and the size range in this set has been great for that. They're also great for fishing out those d*mned dropped stitches found several rows back."
"I love the different colors and sizes.  I bought these along with the A to Z of Crochet: The Ultimate Guide for the Beginner to Advanced...What a find.  Thanks,"
"My friend was teaching me some new stitches, and when she took hold of my project she was annoyed by my Boyd hook.  She had me try her Bates, and I couldn't believe the difference.  I thought hooks were hooks, but the Bates are so much smoother to use.  Don't even bother with the Boyd."
Susan Bates Crochet Hooks are smooth and easy to handle...Will be ordered more sizes in the crochet hooks..Are there more sizes in the crochet hooks?
"sometimes I want a susan bates hook and sometimes I want a boye hook. This assortment of susan bates hooks made a fine
addition to my hook case. I prefer to have 2 of each size in my case and if possible to include a susan bates hook as 1 of each size because they crochet so smoothly."
"I never write reviews, but I must say these are exactly as advertised. They are crochet hooks in pastel colors."
Quality hooks in most often used sized. Bought a set for myself and one for a friend who's just learning to crochet.
"I picked this rating of this product because it is an excellent ""brand"" product and well made. I will recommend to any one I find who crochets and/or would buy these as a gift for another person because of the quality of the product and the merchant, who I found to be excellent in all aspects of the selling/buying experience.  My order was completed and delivered in a remarkably good manner and the product is exactly as shown on Amazon."
I love these hooks. I am new to crochet and these have been awesome for learning. Plus they are a good price and very pretty!
"I love to crochet and really like good sturdy metal hooks for it.  These are perfect for the things I crochet.  Thank You,
Donna Gilman"
I like these angled hooks and they are really durable. They are my go to hook and this was a great price.
"it is exactly what is advertised, I'm not sure what else to say about it. They're durable and useful and I crochet with them."
"These are very light weight needles that works well. For a beginer crochet lover
these needles will be very helpful."
The pouch is very handy for holding the hooks in my crochet basket.  I gave it a 4 star because a few of the hooks had burrs which were hard to remove.
I had no idea these crochet hooks were seconds.  They're all chipped.  Would have been nice to know that before I ordered them.
"Good assortment of aluminum hooks.  These are the most commonly used sizes, so I bought this set and haven't had to buy any extras for things like hats, mittens, etc."
I am teaching my granddaughters how to crochet and don't have alot of money to buy them their own crochet hooks so this was perfect for me....the price was great.
"Nice, easy to use tools for crocheting.  This is a basic set that color codes the sizes and can stay in the handy bag for easy grabbing and looking."
"Nice and smooth, yarn doesn't get caught on it, very pretty colors. Also very reasonably priced for the assortment. I keep them in the pouch when not using. Aluminum so it's light weight and hasn't given me trouble with fatigue."
"good variety of sizes,  shipped quickly- very convenient to have all in one place in a package.  Very happy with these. would recommend to others."
I only use these needles because they are shorter and the neck stays flat under the hook.  The Boye needles a little too long and too narrow at the hook and splits my thread.  The Susan Bates needled allow me to crochet fast and even!
These are great Crochet Hooks! They let my hands fly because they never hang up in the yarn or split the threads. This is a nice collection of sizes at a nice price. I first used these when they were recommended to me by an avid crocheter. I pass that recommendation on.
Have you every crochet with only two hooks in your stash.  I have for years and when I have seen the prices of hooks at craft stores I cringe and decide to stick to my two faithful ones.  But seeing this great deal on all the hooks I could need for my projects made me jump at the offer.  They are very high quality and are already hard at work on several projects.  Can't beat Coats & Clark or for that matter Amazon.com
Recomend this product to everyone.  Have tried other products--stitch guage is important and these hooks perform very well.  Not often found in all stores that carry craft supplies.
The colors are so cool! This crochet set is wonderful and i'm in love with it. It's handy and i'm totally satisfied
I've crocheted for many years.  These crochet hooks work for me.  But I can't say that I've ever had a crochet hook I didn't like!
Got these for my girlfriend she just started crocheting and she says that the pointed/tapered hooks are much nicer than the roundish ones.
"I like these hooks much better than the ones I grew up using. Since they're a little different shape, they take a little getting used to. However, I never want to use anything else. I can crochet 3 hours at a time and not get tired or cramped."
"Susan Bates makes the best hooks of all competitors.  They hook the yarn with the yarn rarely sliding off the hook.

Every one I teach to crochet, I encourage them to buy Susan Bates!"
"These hooks are a great buy, they glide very smooth through the yarn with no snags or splitting. I highly recommend this set."
"I chose this rating  because there is nothing that I dislike about this product and it gets the job done and they are comfortable to use and the price is great and yes, I would recommend this to anyone.  Thank you very much."
I keep losing my hooks in all the projects I have all over the place...can't go wrong with these.  A classic!
"As an avid crocheter, I am always needing more hooks.  I found these online and ordered them.  They come in a nice little carrying pouch, they are in great colors.  The price is great.  A really good deal."
To me Susan Bates is the BEST when it comes to crochet hooks. All the others split the thread. I've been using Susan Bates since my mother taught me to crochet when I was 12 yrs. old. I don't care for any of the other brands.
"I'm new to crocheting and had purchased another brand of hook, while I was waiting on these hooks to arrive, and my first project was a disaster with the other hook....snags, and just a jumbled mess.  As soon as my package arrived with my new hooks I got them out and immediately started my project over from the very beginning.......these are the smoothest hooks ever.  After reading the reviews, I'm soooo glad I purchased them.  I won't ever go back to the other brand.

Highly recommend these hooks to anyone either beginner or more advanced in crocheting."
"I found a lot of patterns online for Plarn. What a great way to use all those plastic bags we seem to accumulate. I have used each hook for one project or another and they work well with the plastic yarn. When Christmas and three of my adult children and four of my friends' birthdays was looming and I without any money, I looked around and found my plethora of plastic bags. I started crocheting like crazy with these hooks. Thank you for a great product and for fast delivery!"
"The crochet hooks in this set provide just about every size I'm likely to need as I learn the craft. I like the different colors, too. It helps me find the hook I need quickly."
"I am new to the world of chrocheting and wasn't sure of the quality, my mom came to visit and I showed her the set and she said it was a good one."
This is the first time I try crochet and these have been great to use.  I have pretty much all the sizes I need and they are light and easy to use
"Because of a broken right wrist a few years ago (and I'm right handed), and the arthritis and limited range of motion left after its surgery, I'd been unable to crochet for a long time. I missed it; I used to find it very therapeutic. I had an extremely high stress job, and after getting home and settling in for the evening, there was something very calming and therapeutic about sitting down and crocheting. From time to time after the fracture/surgery, I'd try again, but always failed because of pain and/or cramping in my right hand and wrist.

Recently, I just had a feeling that NOW I could do it. The problem? I'd moved back home to California a few years ago...and all my crochet supplies were still in unopened boxes in my garage! Rather than attempt to locate them, I ordered new stuff.

It had been years since I purchased crochet hooks, and honestly had no recollection of which brand(s) I may have used before. So I started looking around on Amazon, doing what I always do--reading reviews to see what other people like/dislike, checking ratings for quality and so on. I liked the variety of sizes offered in this particular set, and after checking its reviews decided to buy it.

I'm very pleased. Like my gut instinct had told me, I AM able to crochet again! Not for very long at any one time, necessarily, but at least I can do it. I find these crochet hooks to be very comfortable, a nice weight, and a perfect length for me.

I'm currently working on a blanket, and while its progress has been slow, it's coming along. I'm thrilled to be able to do this once-favorite hobby again. I love the crochet hooks and definitely recommend them. Oh, their colors are pretty, too!"
"I had a lot of problems with plastic hooks breaking, but most metal hooks are shaped differently where the yarn catches, and for some reason I have a hard time with those. When I found these, with the shape that matches plastic hooks, I was so happy. I love them!"
they slide through yarn quite smoothly and the hook is pronounced enough to pull what you want and only what you want.  i'm a fan!
I am a beginner at crochet and decided one these due to the reviews and variety of sizes. So far I've only needed two of the sizes but like having the selection. I find them easy to maneuver.
small... very small. But great. And very good quality. Im just learning though so I don't know the difference yet.
"I could have sworn I reviewed these. I must be getting too many senior moments for my own good. In any case I really like these. The more I use them, the better I like them. They are easy to use,. comfortable to hold and work with. I have really annoying arthritis in my fingers and hands that causes them to cramp up. I work with a computer keyboard all day and so you can imagine how tired my hands get. I read that doing different types of movements could help with the arthritis pain in my hands. I have been crocheting and knitting now for a couple of months or more and it is working. At first the pain seemed worse but now it is better and I can crochet or knit for hours at a time comfortably. The thing I like mose about these needles is the color contrast against the yarn and ease of sliding the yarn on and off the needles. I am quite happy with them. When I was younger I crocheted and knitted quite a bit then got involved in Great Danes. The two do not mix well for obvious reasons. I gave away all my yarn and needles. I regret that I did that, but I am finding that these new ones are just as good."
Great set of hooks in the most popular sizes at a great price. I am teaching a friend and daughter to crochet.
"I am a beginner with crochet, and found the hooks to slide very easily through the yarn. It's a great size range for starters, and inexpensive."
"this brand is hard to find, i finally found them and was so surprised with how fast they got here!"
I love this crochet hook it work better than anything I use. I will also use and buy Susan bates. I like this because it hold the crochet better than anything I use before. This is a great product and I already tell all my crochet friend about it.
"le recomiendo este producto a todos, excelente atencion por parte del vendedor y mucha rapidez al entregar el paquete. muy bien"
"So easy to use and I love the multle sizes that it offers .
I'm happy with my purchase and it came on record time"
"Great deal for set of hooks especially since metal ones hold up much better than the plastic ones, which break easily."
"Susan Bates hooks are designed so that the end of the hook is essentially the same diameter as the shaft...which pretty much guarantees that your stitches will remain the proper size. Other brands' hooks often taper toward the hook end, which  in my experience tightens up the stitch and changes its size. I've used and loved Susan Bates hooks for almost 40 years, and have made everything from doilies with #10 thread and size 7 steel hooks to scarves with hooks the thickness of a finger. I am hoping to find some new smaller steel hooks by Susan Bates on Amazon. Happy crocheting!"
I am the only one in my crochet meet-up that holds their hook like a pencil. Susan Bates hooks are the only ones for me!!!!!!!!!!!!!
These crochet hooks are a great buy! I find myself using the H  and I hooks much more than the others but it's great to have  selection of hooks all in one place.
"These are great hooks.  I have several types, but these are the ones that I use daily.  They don't catch on the yarn....move very smoothly through the yarn, and they are comfortable in my hand.  I would recommend these.  I'm not the most experienced crocheter, but I love these hooks, and they work very well for me."
I'm a newbie crocheter and I like these hooks. They are easy to use and hold and the fun colors is a plus. :)
"Have heard a lot about this brand of hooks so decided to order and try them.  I was not disappointed.  They are wonderful hooks and do not snag nearly as much as others do.  They also grab the yarn/thread much better and the crocheting goes much faster.  Would recommend these to anyone who loves to crochet.  Also love the colors, but wish the sizes came in different colors and also would love more sizes as a choice as well.  Not available around here, hence the order.  Will purchase more at some point in the future, should they be needed.  Don't know if the silvalume hooks come in larger or smaller sizes than this size range."
"I've used these crochet hooks before, and purchased this set for my granddaughter.  They have always worked just fine for me."
"Perfectly happy with these! Nice colors, packed well, will have lots of uses for them. Here come the scarves!! ! :>)"
Yes I really like these hooks....  I have crocheted on and off for 40 years and these are the best hooks available.
ive tried different brands of hooks but so far these were the best i used.. the yarn doesnt get caught and the aluminum surface makes the material glide smoothly.. they are just right in terms of weight and structure.. i can work for hours with these hooks..
I bought these hooks and they don't split the yarn like alot of the other hooks. I will buy more sets.
I used Susan Bates hooks when I learned how to crochet in the 1980's and needed a new set after years of not crocheting.  I prefer these hooks to the ones that taper on the ends and since Bates hooks were not available locally I went to Amazon.  These are the same as I remember and very comfortable for me to hold and work with.
"I'm new to crochet but decided that instead of just running to my local craft store, I'd do some research first. And what I found was that this pack of crochet hooks is *the* set to purchase. Not only are they sturdy and easy to use and manipulate, but they offer a variety of hooks for a great price.

I'm really happy with them- I love knowing that I can start a bunch of projects without having to go buy a new hook, and I'm able to crochet very smoothly and quickly with them."
"I bought this set at a local craft store & just ordered another set on here.  The price was the same.

I love these hooks!  They are wodnerful for a beginner like myself.  They slide through very well, with little to no problems.  Yes, sometimes yarn will fray & cause me to stop for a moment & regroup...this for me is not a con in anyway.  It happens.  Deal with it.

I love this brand better than the others.  I don't care for the plastic ones as they break way too easily.  This was the perfect set for a beginner & I'm glad I made the investment.

I ordered a second set just to have extras in case I leave one in a bag for a certain project.
Definitely glad I own these."
These crochet hooks are made of metal.  They don't snag the yarn and are very comfortable in my hand.  I recommend.
"I taught myself to crochet using Boye hooks and never had a problem. Before buying this multi-pack of hooks, I read what people had to say about both these Bates hooks and the Boye hooks. I went with these. From the first use, I had trouble. I had a difficult time gliding through the yarn, which really slowed down how quickly I'm able to crochet. Also, the square head has a pointy tip (whereas the Boye heads are round). While this may help beginners, it only caused me to split the yarn repeatedly. I persisted, because I figured it was merely an issue with my technique. Eventually the yarn splitting stopped. However, I recently decided to give my Boye hook another go, and it really is much smoother for me to use. No snags, no splitting. The throat of Boye's doesn't seem to be as deep and has a more gradual incline. But by far the biggest problem I'm having with the Bates hooks is the short length of the body. It's just way too darn short to manage more than a very few loops on these hooks.

These aren't bad hooks by any means, and I can definitely see how they'd be great for a beginner. Because of the shape of the hook, throat, and body, they really do grip yarn much more snugly than Boye's do. Because they're shorter, they also offer more control. For me, this results in a slightly tighter gauge. I'll keep these around for use in a pinch, but I think I'll stick with the Boye hooks."
"I purchased these to replace my Boye hooks, I much prefer the shape of Bates hooks, as they are straight from top to bottom, the hook part doesn't stick out like Boye. I crochet much faster with these hooks."
"So... I started crochet with the cheap plastic hooks several years ago and then took a break. A few months ago I started going amigurumi (small crochet animals) crazy and then all of a sudden my hooks start breaking. So I began to hunt for something better. I tried the Susan Bates Silvalume Crochet Hooks in the Pouch (Sizes F-K). I took them home and tried them out on a current project - the one that had the broken hook, and I had such a difficult time finding a rhythm - these hooks were not polished enough and kept catching on the yarn.
I then tried the Boye Aluminum Crochet Hook set - same thing - they kept catching on the yarn.

I spoke to a store employee and she said that I should try wood - bamboo - both wood and plastic hooks are warmer than the aluminum and glide better. She was correct. I did like the bamboo hooks.

At this time I also bought a Tulip Etimo Crochet Hook - which, though aluminum, glided so smoothly through my yarn I was EXTREMELY pleased by it.
I also tried the Clover Takumi Getaway Soft Touch Crochet Hooks Gift Set - and it too was amazing. I believe this is because the quality of the aluminum and the craftsmanship is so much better than the Boye and Susan Bates ones.

Conclusion: If you're beyond the plastic beginner stage - invest in some quality hooks."
"These crochet hooks have been great.  I've been using them for about a month and I won't use anything else now.  The tips are nice and pointed, so they work into stitches smoothly.  I've tried other brands and their tips are more rounded and don't work into stitches as nicely.  Definitely buy these over the other brands!"
"My short quick fingers love these shorter hooks.  I was given one as my first hook when my aunt taught me how to crochet.  I went searching for a replacement one ""just in case"" and bought something else with a longer grip to hook spacing and was horrified.  The nice short space and not so long overall needle allows for these short fingers to go quick and ""bust out"" some afghans for all the babies in my life. (Must be something in the water....) This nice little pack is great, a good assortment and different colors so you don't have to read what's on the handles.  They slide through like hot knife to butter and there doesn't seem to be any issues with casting snags."
"I've been crocheting since i was 8 and susan bates hooks just ruin crochet for me.

THe hook shafts are far too short. I've got large hands for a woman and these needles are so short that i can not rotate my wrist properly and see the yarn over my hands while i crochet. Also i do not like the way that they snag and split the yarn when i work with them.

I prefer Boye needles. hands down."
"This is a really great crochet hook set.

Pros:
- sharper-than-typical slanted hook at the edge makes it easier to catch the yarn without splitting it
- Nice smooth finish lets yarn glide easily
- texture at the grip makes them easy to hold
- great set for the price

Cons
- They aren't the super ergonomic hooks.  I have a couple of other brands in the sizes I use most, but those are ~$20/each

Overall, this is a great set to give you coverage when you need it, and they are definitely easy to use.  No frills, but still great quality and a wonderful deal for the price."
"I found that the Boyes split my yarn and sometimes it was difficult to do slip stitch etc. Once I got my hands on the Silvalumes...wow! I love these!

That said, they can be found on EBAY MUCH CHEAPER than here and in some cases, FREE SHIPPING. I paid less than $9 for mine!"
"I'm a new crocheter and started of with cheap plastic hooks that were ""sticky"" to use and then snapped after a few days. I decided on these ones for my next set and love them. They slide well and have a nice tip that makes it easier to get into tighter stitches. I would definitely recommend these."
"In my household my mother and both crochet, but there the similarity ends.  She's divoted fan of Boye brand and for me there is only Susan Bates.  These hooks are consistantly highest quality manufactured.  I've had some for over 30 years and others were purchased in the last few years.  You can't tell the difference from new to ones made many years ago.  They never show wear, break or snag on yarn.  For me there will never be another hook brand and in my area of the country they are not easy to find, but worth the hunt."
"I ordered this set and only received ONE hook... While the quality of the hook is great, I am completely frustrated that I didn't receive exactly what I had ordered. Beware!"
"I have been crocheting for over 30 years and work with all types & sizes of fibers, yarns, string & material.  I have used MANY types of hooks over the years but these are by far my favorite.  The angle of the hook is perfect to help keep the yarn on without pulling the stitch too tight.  The point is great for 'poking' through stubborn stitches.  I have also found these a lot better than other brands for keeping stitches consistent when teaching new crocheters.

There are only two downsides - They are difficult to find in stores (glad they can be found on Amazon) & I wish they made a 7 mm,  11.5 (P) & a few other larger sizes in these.  I am not a fan of the plastic hooks so it would be nice to see some larger sizes in the silvalume."
"I am a law student and I was looking for a hobby that was both relaxing and productive, and I found crochet. I could zone out and focus on a fun craft all while making cute things. I needed a started set of hooks with the basic sizes and ordered this set. I found it super easy to start and the majority of beginner patterns that I have found use one of these sizes. The colors are nice and bright, and they slide easily through your yarn to minimize the stress on your hands and wrist, as well as keep the yarn from getting damaged. The hooks are sturdy and very good quality. A great product for someone looking to add to their hook collection or perfect beginner set, and it also comes in a nice pouch to keep them safe and organized. (*Side note: Unfortunately, my pouch was slightly torn on the bottom , so one of the hooks slides out.. but this doesn't affect the quality of the hooks!!)"
I learned with this brand. I've tried others and always come back to the Susan Bates hooks. They slide through any yarn easily. They are very reasonably priced for such a quality product. The colors are nice. The case is great too.
"I decided to learn to crochet and being lazy, bought these hooks and some Lion Brand Yarn to teach myself, instead of going to a store. I only started learning last week but I already must say that these hooks have been very good. As I'm still teaching myself and only doing simple projects, I've only used the J and K hooks so I can't vouch for the rest but I have been happy w/my purchase. They seem very durable, as opposed to other cheaper plastic hooks for beginners. The shape was a bit awkward while I was learning but now I can't imagine a more comfortable way to hold the hook. Just the perspective of a beginner completely new to the crochet world :-D"
Excellent set of hooks.
"These feel great, are beautiful, and Ive found them easier to use as a newbie."
I liked it doesnt look fake
I like working with these hooks. The price was great as well.
"What can I say about these hooks?  They are smooth and easy to read the size, which is very important to me. My only complaint, they don't crochet for me. LOL"
"I always go back to these hooks. Received a gift of a set of other brand books and basically stopped crocheting because of the book shape. Went back to Susan Bates, my favorite book and have worked on several projects since receiving them just this past week. I recommend after 40 years of crochet."
I find it to be very comfortable to use
Perfect
The best hook! I crochet faster.
these are the best hooks! I only buy this brand. Light weight and sturdy. and the hook part is perfect.
