"I actually bought this on a whim at CVS (pharmacy), cost was same as Amazon - $9.99.  It works like a dream!  Only 2 nitpick comments:

1. should have AC adapter instead of/in addition to batteries (takes 2 C batteries)
2. lint receptacle fills up quickly and must be emptied often

Other than those minor issues, it is a great product."
This is a great product.  It works great on both wool and knit fabrics easily.  I use mine all the time.
Works really well.
"I love this thing! It uses regular size batteries that i don't have to go searching to find, and the batteries last a long time. Best of all, it lets me clean up the pills off my clothing, making it look like new again. I wear a lot of sweaters and cotton items, which do pill over time. I've also used this on have coats that pill in the armpit area, and now I can get those out, making expensive coats useable for a much longer period of time and making them look cleaner. This shaver removes those pills without damaging the fabric, which is great. I've used other shavers in the past that have cut holes in garments, rendering them useless and wasting money. This shaver has a plastic protector which prevents that from happening. I think everyone needs one of these. The minimal amount of money you will spend on this will pay for itself once you've renewed all those items of clothing you may have otherwise thrown away."
Handy gadget.
works well
"Does as it says - works great! I expected my unit to not do well. Iit was delivered in a plain brown box, no packaging as you see in the picture, with the user manual. And after reading the other reviews of how it quit on people after a few days, I was wary. But my Fuzz Wizard functioned perfectly. It's a little noisy, but I think that is to be expected. It renewed my couch, an armchair, and several sweaters and jeans - and I've not even changed the batteries yet."
Best
works well actually fun to use
"When I opened the product, I thought it looked like the knock-offs I had previously purchased but I was wrong!  This is a GREAT product - I was totally skeptical but it REALLy works!"
This is the best product for taking fuzz off of sweaters. Lightweight and easy to use. Very effective. I've been using it for quite some time and  I highly recommend it. Thank you.
Best one I've ever had.
Works great. Clothes look so much better afterwards
"TOO SMALL...COERS A 1/2 INCH AREA .........IT SEEM LARGER IN FOTO..NEVER USE IT...IT WOULD TAKE ME THREE TIMES AS LONG AS THE ONE I HAD, NICE AND BIG,,COVER A TWO INCH AREA"
"It only lasted about 6 months... but when it worked, it WORKED!"
Not as good as the older Remington fuzz shaver.  A bit strong so be careful you don't cut more than the fuzz.
It works perfectly from fragile to rough fabric
"I was looking for a new clothes shaver because my little one took forever. I was VERY pleased with this one. I don't buy as seen on tv items because of bad experiences. But I am so happy I took a gamble and got this one. First, the shaver area is super large and so it takes less time. Second, it works fast. Three, it only takes 2 C-Batteries. And Lastly my old one NEVER did the job like this one. I put pictures. This would have taken me a week to get this much lint off my black sweater. This took about 20 minutes. It was really in bad shape and it came out great. One picture shows the size, one the lint size."
Can't live without this item!!  I have used this so much I will probably need another one soon.  It's a bigger one and I love this size.
"Fast shipping, great product!"
I wore one fuzz wizard out and ordered two more so I could continue shaving the kids clothes I buy at thrift stores and garage sales.
good
"we bought this item almost 4.5 years ago and it still works.
worth every cent!"
Wife said it was Ok at best
"I thought it was good,but if the fabric has any rayon in it it doesn't shave close enough to get it all the beads off"
It is great!  I used it on a home-made craft bag that I've had for a very long time and it made it look like new.  I would recommend it to my friends.
Excellent defuzzer!  Works well!
Thanks!
broken when we got it
"I love that I can get my sweaters looking good.  I gave this a four star, because it is time consuming as you have to go over the same area many times prior to it catching everything.  It was worth every bit though when I did my wool coat."
It works well. Just be sure the fabric is laying flat and you won't have any snag issues.
"Works well, gets kind of addicting, but the couch looks great now!"
A piece of garbage
"I have several sweaters that I have pills all over them.  I had been looking for a fabric shaver kind of thing for months before I finally saw this one.  I'm glad I found it because I really like it.  It works really well.  It's fast and I don't have to go over the same area twice.  It's worked on shirts, sweaters, pants, etc. with no issues whatsoever."
didnt even work
"This is an awesome product, I just wished I knew about this earlier.  It definitely gets the lint and fuzz off cleanly.  Its cheap and it makes your clothes much better and newer looking, worth it!"
When you use it the first few times it works fine. After that it doesn't seem to do the job well.
This product works great!
Nice product. I like this fabric shaver. It gets the job done and it was very inexpensive. It takes a little more time if you're shaving large areas like a comforter but it works wonders.
It did not work well at all.  And the batteries don't fit properly.  I was also sent 2 of the same product.  I have sent these items back to the address on the box (there were no return labels available)  I had to pay shipping for both products.
"I am pretty sure that this put a hole in two of my good shirts. Not a fan and have been afraid to use it ever since. Wish I didn't buy it. I did get the pills off of my shirts, but again, also left a hole."
Loved mine so much I bought a second for my daughter.
"I really like this product. Just be careful with thin material because it can make a hole in it. But otherwise excellent on sweaters, coats, and most things."
great
Doesn't work well.
Awesome product!!!!!
Love it.
This works well but I found out the hard way not to use it on thinner fabrics.
use it everyday for clothes and dogs wardrobe and i love it
Does a pretty good job!
TAKES FOREVERRR TO GET THINGS OFF...AND HAVE TO CLEAN IT OUT EVERY FEW MINS....BUT ITS BETTER THAN NOTHING.
the batteries drain quickly and it does not pick up lint only the larger balls. won't clean dog or cat hair either. tape works better than this
little gadget that works great
This little device has transformed some worn looking sweaters and coats and does amazingly well!  Thank you - highly recommend!!!!!
Fuzz wizard works!
It works wonderfully.
Stopped working during the 1st use!
"I purchased one of these for my wife who had never used a fabric shaver and she is sold! This particular shaver gets outstanding battery life. Be aware that it may look like the battery is dead if you move the guard too close to the blades thereby stopping it from spinning. After nearly a month of daily use she is still on the first set of batteries.

The fuzz receptacle is a decent size for all but the largest of jobs, but it is very easy to see and hear when it is filling up."
This thing actually really works!!
This has saved my clothes! I can imagine how much money I wasted throwing away clothes I thought were ruined by pilling. It is super easy to use on my favorite sweaters and made them look brand new! This is such an amazing investment!
works great....was replacement for one that I had had for years and I am just as happy with this one.
"Works well, keeps my sweaters looking new, great value."
This Fuzz Wizard works very well. I haven't tried it on sweaters but it did wonders on my wool coat.
"It works wellto shave off the ""pills"" but unfortunately it also does some other damage to the fibers. The damage isn't visable, but every time you washthe sweater, youget tons of little pill balls in the laundry."
"I have an inexpensive armchair that fits perfectly in my small living room but it had gotten really shabby looking. The seat cushion had all these little ""hairs"" that looked like lint but wouldn't come off with a lint roller, and the back had been scratched up by my cat. This little gizmo has given my chair a second life. All the little hair thingies are gone, the back is nice and smooth and the chair looks perfectly presentable. Massive return on investment: $25 saved me $$$$ for a new armchair.

TIP: If yours doesn't seem to work, try tightening the shaving head."
Works great
did not work it quit working after only a few minutes.
Use the protection ring and care with fine knits unless you want a hole in your beautiful sweater!
"This didn't last me two tries. I am not 18 - I know how to use this kind of battery-powered appliance, I did not abuse it. But it bogged down the second time I used it. Its just a piece of junk, it just has an ""As Seen on TV"" advertising hype. I sent it back and bought an Oreck online, which has an electrical plug option. So far it has worked fantastic. Much more power than this one. I'd recommend the Oreck."
Works well!
"Works very well, but you do have to be careful of any loose strings as the instructions say.  Hitting those might cause a small hole in a knitted garment."
"very good product does what it says down fall I could have bought the same item in one of
my local stores for less than half price. Then I learned later that you can purchase one that
plugs in to the electric which would save buying batteries,"
Great buy.  Gives new life to balled up sweaters without damaging the fabric.
"Piece of junk. It doesn't come with batteries. Today, I specially went to Walgreen bought two C4 batteries which cost me 10 dollars.  But, it doesn't work. So disappointed."
I had to go buy C batteries. When i used it it worked well but the motor sounded crazy. It was revving and then sounded super weak. No idea why its doing this. Not worth 24.99 plus $7 for two l ousey C batteries. Your better off going to bed bath and beyond and buying a similar one for 9.99. I lost it so I bought this one. Big mistake. At least that one had a good motor in it.
"This little wizard is great.  I hate the ""fuzzies"" that accumulate on sweaters and sweatshirts and make them look old & worn.
The Fuzz Wizard removes the unwanted fuzz and renews the garment or whatever you use it on to make it look new.  Don't
get rid of fuzzy clothes, etc., give them a wiz and keep them a lot longer!"
"love it.  works great.  yes, it is battery operated and has a fuzz receptacle that needs to be dumped out, but all i care about it removing pills from my woolens without damage  - and this thing makes old sweaters look brand new.  Did my favorite celtic cable hand warmers, they look new again. i love this thing."
"I had a serious problem with all of my shirts and jackets getting pilled up, and i cant stand how it looks or feels. so, i looked online to see what i could do about it other than obsessively pick them off for hours and i found this! ITS AMAZING, quick, easy and affordable! Do be careful with thin or flowy fabrics, i have nicked a tiny bit of t shirt but suuuper tiny. (to the machines credit, i didn't have the fabric guard on,so definitely user error) i would and will buy again if ever this one dies!"
"amazing! works better than my expensive fabric shaver that recent broke. large 2"" surface makes it fast"
um
Excellent product. Every home should have one.
Nothing special but does the trick! Takes a while to get all the pills off and needs to go over the same spot several times. All good though!
Works better than I'd imagined!
"It wook for 10 min, no good sent it back"
The #1 BEST SHAVER EVER!!!  Works on everything!  Makes clothes look like new!  Easily removes pilling on any clothing.  LOVE IT!!!!!
"This small fuzz wizard is fab; I love it.  A friend of mine came over to visit and began telling me about the sweater he was wearing and how could he get those fuzz balls off.  I whipped out my Fuzz Wizard to did my thing.  His eyes could not believe it was the same sweater!  He told me to order one for him.
This is an excellent product; I recommend it to EVERYBODY.

DH
New York"
"This works great, but can snag lighter fabrics. Make sure you test it on the fabric first."
It helps to get the fuzz off but not as much as expected.
nice
"I have a north face track jacket that I purchased in December  2010. After a few washes, the jacket started to form pills, making the jacket lose much of  its attractiveness.

This little machine made it look brand new. I was shocked by how well this thing worked.

Having said that, it should be noted that this isn't for silk/light fabrics. I'm  sure it will tear them apart. Its  more for fleece fabrics than anything else, but it could be used on other jackets, socks, towels, rugs etc.

Batteries  are not included by the way.

The container that holds the shaved material  is quite  large. I'd have a hard time  filling it up in one sitting.

My only  complaint  is that this holder comes off to easy, resulting  in a mess if you're  not careful.

As always, feel free to ask any questions  and I'll  get back to you."
"I am very happy with the performance of my fuzz wizard after over a year.  It helps me maintain my clothing that tends to pill in neat and clean looking shape.  I have bought this as a gift for family members who weren't happy with the performance of their similar type product; they are pleased, too.  I recently dropped mine and the fuzz receptacle cracked and would only stay on if I held it in place.  I emailed the ""As Seen on TV Guys"" and they sent me a replacement; making them a top notch seller in my book.  Buy this product!  Support a seller that supports their buyers!"
perfect
"This is a excellent product, it removes lint and fuzz fast and easy and the size of it is perfect and it fits very comfortable in the palm of your hands. I love it."
Does what it's supposed to do but be careful if u apply too much pressure or if u go over a fold it will put a hole in the fabric
"Fast shipping, but I had to tinker with it before it would work."
Works great.  Careful not to press to hard can cause holes.
Made my wool Northface sweater look like new.
Works too.
"Have only had a short time but have used it on four different sweaters and it worked like a charm. I even used it on cashmere but was very very careful (because the do not recommend it for use on cashmere) and it was awesome. The lint chamber is on the small side and I had to empty it quite often but to have shirts that look brand new again, I'm not going to complain about it."
"Works well, and covers more area than the 1"" ones, so you can depill your sweaters, sofa cushions, etc. quicker."
"Terrible! I recieved this Fuzz Wizard and it worked for a couple seconds and then stopped. I even bought a new pack of batteries as I thought that was the issue at first, but still didn't work. Very disappointed."
"There's no option for zero stars so I gave this product one star. I don't hate the product, it just didn't work. I mean at all. I put fresh C batteries in (making sure they were inserted correctly) and turn the switch on and nothing happened. I tried putting a different set of new batteries in with the same result."
"This thing is amazing! I had a shirt that was awful and by the time I finished, it was like new again. I've also used this on wool and it works without any problems. I only gave it a 4 star because the cleaner brush that was supposed to come with it(according to the paper) was never packed so now I need to find something else to clean it with."
Works very well! Wish it were a bit stronger.
Working great
"I had tons of expensive bras and several favorite shirts that were infested with pills and headed for the garbage. I am so glad to have discovered the Fuzz Wizard fabric shaver! It was super easy to use and made my items look just like new. In only one day, the Fuzz Wizard has already saved me more money than I spent to buy it!"
better machine than most I've tried
I love this product and have used it for years.
This worked very well.
"Was able to remove lint from my NF zip-up almost effortlessly.
De-lint old stuffed animals too!"
"This is a large sweater shaver, that makes fuzz removal quick and easy!"
I gave this as a gift and when my grandma put batteries in it the fuzz buster did not come on she tried multiple batters and nothing happened.
Great find for a great price.
DOA.
I bought to shave fuzzies off of a rug and it doesn't really work for that.
"I got it yesterday. Battery compartment cover and fabric shaving bin frame were a bit loose so when I push the on/off button on the side, either of them tended become loose from its locked position. So I ended up continuously sliding back either the battery compartment cover or fabric shaving bin to its locked position.  At this point I should have returned the product. I tried shave some fabrics and it worked pretty well. After using the product about 30 minutes, I placed it on top of the counter about 2.5' high and somehow it got dropped. The shaver practically fell apart into pieces: main part, battery compartment cover, fabric shavings bin coven and batteries. Fabric shavings bin edges chipped away (shattered) so it would not stay in the main part any longer. Plastic frame is hard and thin, it is easy to shatter."
This is a great Fabric shaver !!!
"Received this a couple of days ago and haven't stopped using it to ""defuzz"" sweaters and last night the felt Christmas stockings that my kids have been using for the past 17-22 years. They all look brand new!"
"This does work, however, you do need to be careful and sometimes it is necessary to go over several times.  I've found that if I put my sweaters on the ironing board and go in small circular motions switching from one direction to the other (clockwise/counterclockwise) that it does a pretty good job getting the fuzz off.  I haven't snagged anything yet with this method, but I do take my time with each garment. It's been a great refresher for my sweaters so they don't look all worn. It even works on my couch that has a bunch of pills - but it does take quite a while to do one cushion, so I decided not to do all three!"
gift
made a hole in the fabric. have to be very careful
it works  great  but the battery is a hassle
works! the fuzz is off my clothes!
Exceeded my expectations! So happy with it I had another sent to my sister. Should have purchased one a long time ago!
Great Fabric shaver.
This little guy works! Just be carful and don't press too hard otherwise you risk cutting the fabric. The little fuz receptical does fill up quick but I don't mind I like looking at all the fuz coming off the sweaters.
"an excellent product. I have several high quality sweaters which became heavily pilled over the last two years. This gadget cleaned them up so that they look like new. I have also used it on work socks, etc..Great Product!"
Not a great pill remover. I expected better results
Does not work at all!
Good product
Easy to use and completely removes all the fuzzy & lint from my sweaters!
Words cannot express how happy I am to have purchased FUZZ WIZARD. This powerful little tool has given new life to sweaters once thought to have seen their last wear. If you are looking to save money on replacing items having ugy fuzz...this is the answer.
Works really great for de-fuzzing sweaters.
The fuzz wizard works great on nearly all fabrics. I would definitely recommend this product!
"I love this product. Saves so many pieces of clothing, works well."
"This thing really works at restoring old, pilled-up clothes to original condition!  Very happy I made this purchase!!"
"The last time I used an electric lint shaver was years ago - it damaged two or three of my favorite sweaters and I just stopped using such things. I thought that may be they need some time to improve. And they did - a lot! I am impressed with this shaver - smooth, easy and clean shave. Yes, it is easily comes apart when you try to change the batteries or empty the lint chamber. But it is easily assembled as well. So, for the money spent, it worth it."
Great you will like how easy it is to use.
Works very well.
Works really well!
"We are so happy we purchased this unit, it really works great. It hold up well too, because we use it ofter."
"This little gadget is the BEST fuzz remover I have ever purchased. I recommend using the fabric guard on all fabrics, due to how powerful it is. I liked it so much I bought a second one. It is the only thing that gets all the fuzz balls off of our textured mattress."
"This is the best electronic purchase I have made all year.  Although the container needs to be emptied very often, overall I am very happy with it."
Love it soooo much!!
No more pulling balls off of our sweaters...
"This thing really works ! I had never used one, but was very pleasantly surprised. I know they have been out for a long time, just  had never believed in them .  I got tired of everything balling up and having to discard."
Works great...saved a lot of sweaters.
works better than any shaver I have ever had!!
"It worked well on a wool sweater with serious pilling on the sleeves and the sides of the body.  Especially when the cost of C batteries is included, it's a little expensive, but will seem less so if I use it more in the future."
Worked like a charm
Just what I needed!
"I bought this lint shaver over 5 years ago and it just died. I used it a LOT. I'm rebuying the same one, it was great."
A wonderful product
"Excelente, lo recomiendo"
"Works as described; however, it does take some time to get all of the fuzz off the section working on.  It does fill up quickly especially if the couch has a lot of fuzz or loose threads"
This little guy works great
Nice low cost tool to remove lint and fuzz from about anything
"Works well and is effective. I had one that was fabulous but have never found another like it. This is pretty good though, it does what it is a supposed to."
works well
It got the fuzz off my throw pillows on my couch
"This works astoundingly well on knits that have pilled -- even if there is a LOT of pilling. It makes them look brand new. I would not recommend this for fuzzy sweaters, as it would pretty much remove ALL the fuzz and leave you with something that's no longer a sweater. You do have to be careful when you use it because if thin fabric gets through the holes, it will cut the fabric. It happened to me once, so I learned to slow down just a bit and be careful. It is still very easy to use."
Happy
this thing works almost too good!
My wife is satisfies with this product
It's good
"Loved it at first, but stopped working after ~10 uses, Took it apart and couldn't find where the problem was, so ordered a second - which stopped working after 4 uses. Really not worth the money if it breaks so easily."
"This thing do what they say, just drive it nicely because sometimes could harm you clothes"
"My wife is addicted to this and has even purchased another one for her best friend. This thing is amazing at pulling the ""pills"" off of clothes, blankets, furniture etc.

Everything feels much smoother now!

It is easy to empty as well. Now if only i could get my wife's attention back lol!"
This is a great shaver and I'm sure I'll get lots of use from it.
Love it
I had one that I burned out so I bought this one that has a little more power and it takes the fuzz balls right off my socks or towels. I love it and it does the work in not time at all.
"This little shaver is actually a lot more powerful than I thought!  It worked well on removing the little lint balls from my sweaters...until I got careless for one second and it tore a small hole in one of my shirts!  It's best to lay the garment flat on a firm surface while using this.  I had my shirt laid out on my bed and since it's an uneven surface and with a slight heavy hand (even for a moment), it caused a hole in the garment.  As long as you do not rush and make sure you are consistent in applying any pressure onto the garment, it will work fine."
I've been using this for a few more months and it's still going strong and works as it should. You do have to use it on a flat surface such as the ironing board or else delicate fabrics might get ruined.
It does the trick to help preserve your garments for longer wear
Great purchase
"Works great on sweaters, pilling on pants and even thin t-shirts.  Highly recommend.  Easy to clean and care for.  Larger head covers a good amount of surface space with a few sweeps you're done."
Excellent product!!! Purchase 8 for gifts.
"It works well enough and has given new life to several of my sweaters. It doesn't ""overpull"" the fabric which is good because I know that can be an issue with shavers. There are instances where you really need to over a spot several times before it pulls the fuzz, so perhaps it could be a little stronger. I have not tried it on anything but wool at this time."
"This Fuss Wizard is just that - a wizard.  I've used other, smaller ""pill"" shaving devices over the years and found this to be the best. Not only have I used it to de-fuzz sweaters, but I also used it to reclaim an afghan that was a real mess.  My afghan looks brand new now.  I'd highly recommend this product!"
Very nice
"Wonderful, except it gets a little carried away on delicate fabrics...  Tore a couple of small holes in a silk sweater.  Don't push down, just roll over, and you'll be good."
"This is such a great product! Does just what it's suppose to do!  Gets rid of lint, fuzz, and pills on fabrics!  I love it!"
"Worked great for the 2 times that it worked. Then it just quit. I checked batteries with a multi meter and they were fully charged. I tried reseating the batteries, then tried brand new fresh batteries. I made sure there were no obstructions in the blades. Occasionally I could get it to run for 2 seconds and then it would just stop. Most of the time it wouldn't run at all. Quite a disappointment as my last fabric shaver (not this one) lasted 25 years."
"This was a great purchase.  I used it on all my sweaters.  After I ""defuzzed"" them, I put them in the dryer with a damp cloth and a dryer sheet.  They came out looking brand new.  I love it."
"this actually works surprisingly well but somehow the lid that held in all the lint has become loose and sometimes it comes off and gets lint everywhere. sometimes, if i use it for too long without giving it a break, it will start to smell (like the motor is getting overworked or something). other than those 2 issues, i personally thought it worked great!"
The product works as advertised and I am happy with the purchase. Nicely restored an old sweater which now looks like new.
I've tried 3 different fabric shaver and this one so far is the most powerful.  The reviews on Remington fabric shaver said it was too powreful..but I tried it and it was really weak from the 3 brands I have.  I've been using this one for over a month on about 15 shirts and they work great!  Highly recommend this one.  I'm thinking of buying more to gift my family and friends.
I gave this 4 stars because it is what I expected it to be. Its not expensive but it worth every penny! This makes my clothes look and feel like I just bought them. A must have in anyones laundry fix it kit. The only thing that bugs me a bit is that the lint catch will open up and pour out onto my cleanliy shaved clothes...but easy enough to clean up. I would def reccomend this!
"I love this device and use it far more often than I thought  I would.  I cleaned-up my sweaters (including a couple of cashmeres so pilled I thought I should give them away) before putting them away for the summer.  I took the batteries out of the shaver to store it until next winter too, but found myself digging it out again and again to touch-up other fabrics that had pilled."
Used this product on my lulus to get the white balls off and it works like a charm! Thank you!
I use it almost every other day. It's large enough to hold and do the job without feeling bulky. The lint catch is really simple to empty and reattach.
I do not need to use this very often - but for the several times I used it this past winter it worked well.  It works fairly quickly and I had no problems with it at all.
This works well! I like the larger size and it gets the job done. I bought it for my couch which tends to get tiny pilling and it took it right off. Pleased.
"This little gadget is something that most people don't use very often but when something pills up, this thing really removes the problem and leaves the fabric looking good.  Glad I decided to purchase.  Saved some clothes that would not otherwise be worn again."
"I can't get TOO excited over a pill remover, for Heaven's sake -- but as fuzz shavers go (and I seem to have owned and used an inordinate number of these gadgets in my 40+ years) this one is among the better ones. And at this price, the value is elevated further and I highly recommend it."
"This fabric shaver does a great job. I can't complain honestly, compared to some reviews on others this shaver isn't annoyingly loud, battery or lint compartment don't just fall off, it's a decent size head, the shaver is quick & battery didn't get drained but i only used it for 10 min(definitely empty the lint tray because it does slow it down when really full), and definitely don't leave holes in my garments but I'm not trying to use it on something like nylon, I think even if you did you might be safe because I used it on a knitted jacket & sweater & I had to press down to get the really thick & really short strands."
The Fuzz Wizard works well. The head is big enough and  powerful enough to clean a sweater in 5 minutes. Great clothes saver!
"This work awesome, I would buy more if needed. Maybe I wll buy for Christmas or other presents!!!!!!!!! Suggest you all buy it."
It shaves well and shaves my sweaters and sweats just fine.  I would recommend it to anyone that hates pills on their sweaters.
"This Fuzz Wizard fabric shaver is a great little tool to have in the winter or anytime you want to get rid of 'pills' on a piece of clothing. I bought it to replace my previous one that finally died after several years of use.  It is a godsend in the winter, when sweaters and fleeces get 'pilly' and almost unwearable.  After using this shaver, I get a totally new-looking piece of clothing. I never had a problem with the fabric being shaved too closely  I like it so much that I have bought it for both my daughter and my sister who are equally satisfied with it. Garments now get a new life instead of being discarded. Works great on knits too.  As others have suggested, an AC adapter would make it perfect."
"I've had this for a while now. It still works very well. I mainly use it on my daughter's PJ's (I think every time they get washed they get fuzz balls) and to get the fuzz balls off the socks, it makes look new again. Just be sure to pull the fabric snug so it is flat so you don't accidently catch a chunk and make a hole."
This shaver sucks!!  I used it on two articles and it stopped working. It worked well on the items but now shaver doesn't work at all.  I even tried two sets of brand new batteries.
"This is a great fuzz remover.  I've been able to renew several of my sweaters since purchasing it.  The only thing I noticed is that with the thicker sweaters like cable knit it doesn't give you the renewed look like it does with my the thinner sweaters. This is just my experience. I'm certain this has a lot to do with how I washed them originally. All in all you won't be disappointed and it will give life back to your sweaters, even if it's not exactly like brand new they look a whole lot better than they did before you removed the fuzz."
"This little gadget really works wonders! My son has a pure wool sweater, which my husband mistakenly washed in our washer. Needless to say there were little fuzz balls covering the entire sweater, and it looked awful. After reading the reviews online, I decided to go with this shaver. It took about 5 minutes to shave all of the fuzz balls off of the sweater and the sweater now looks brand new again. We were very impressed. I would definitely recommend this product."
"I LOVE this little gadget, but I highly recommend being cautious when using it! I use it on every knitty thing I can find and occasionally I create a hole. Its powerful and works great."
Good and seems to work very well so far so good I have only used once on a robe only once
"this works great!!!  I have bought others in the past that did not do a thing.  this one is great!  even works on old shirts, blankets, ect."
Recommend this product if you want a light weight tool to clean up the fuzz on anything from sweaters to bed linen.
I had a different version of these fabric shavers in the past and it didn't work. This one is amazing and has allowed me to wear some of my favorite sweaters for years to come. Spend the money and get this one!
When it comes to your casual clothes Nothing worse than the little fuzz balls that accumulates on sweatshirts T-shirts. This item takes care of them pretty quick and easy.
"The only problem with this de-fuzzer is the batteries drained very quickly.  Overall, it worked as described.  I don't know what more to add to that..."
Well this jumbo giant does the job on my uniform.  I wish it had a little pouch for storage because it comes with a couple small parts that's easy to get lost.
The Fuzz Wizard works really well.  Easy to use.  Nice size head so it doesn't take long to achieve your goal.
"I love it because I had it sent to a good friend who was looking for one, and she has called me every day since she got it to thank me!  Now I think I will have to order one for myself.  She says it works great!"
We just used it three times. Only I can say it's not bad. It's not very strong power to destroy clothes..So far so good!
This was exactly what I was looking for.  Does a great job.  I have tried others in the past and they were not as good.
"I had more holes in my sweater than I could count after trying to use this on it.  It just eats holes in your clothes, sadly."
This thing works perfect. It has renewed an expensive jacket that had a lot of piles on it. Great Buy
Great product really works on my sweaters. So easy to use. I would recommend this product to all my friends.
Love this purchase just what I was looking for. Highly recommended. My sweaters look like new again. Thank you for this product.
The fabric shaver works great the cover that holds the shavings is a piece of junk it falls off when using it.and shavings fly all over the place the cover does not lock on (very disappointed )  if I could return I would
This fabric shaver is larger than most but it does a great job.  You do still have to be careful about keeping the fabric flat because it will cut it.  I like the larger size because you can do a bigger job (I had throw pillows that had gotten pilly) much quicker.
"I'm glad I ordered this.  Works great for everything I've used it for.  Sweaters, sofa and more.  No complaints here."
"I was skeptical about this item, but it works exactly as it says it will. The collection bin is small and has to be emptied several times during use, but this was not an issue for me because it returned a well worn sweater back to it's orginal appearance. My sweater looks new again. Great purchase!"
Works great. Completely saved my sweaters and made them new. So easy to use and only takes a few minutes
"I have bought a few shavers for sweater ""pilling"" in my time, but this one I like.  Better than most !"
"Before buying this one, I'd purchased a cheaper version and it broke almost immediately.  This one has lasted quite some time and does a great job.  Putting up the little extra for this one was definitely worth it."
Worked perfectly on a sweater that previously couldn't be worn because of all the pilling. I would recommend this to everyone.
"So excited about this, it saved my daughters wool coat and despite the warnings against using on cashmere, it worked so well saving many of my sweaters without damaging them at all"
"This thing works out so well, it requires C batteries but that's ok, it works great for sweaters, shirts that have all that fuzz around the collars, sleeve areas."
This worked beautifully to remove those nasty little 'pills' that sweaters often get.  Sweaters look new again and for a much cheaper price than buying new ones.
This gadget works great!!!  I am actually using it so much I'm thinking about ordering another one!!  Easy to use & effective.
It does the trick for sweaters but it didn't do much for a blanket that had the fuzz balls all over it which was why I purchased it.  But it will be good to have for sweaters.
"This little guy really works. I was impressed with its power. 2 C cell batteries power this little monster and away you go. I purchased this because my sweater hoody gets those rolled up lint balls on it every time I wash it. I used this little gadget and it took care of the problem. This is something you can carry with you in your car for last minute suit or dress primping. I definitely recommend this product. I gave it 4 stars only because if I would have given it a 5 star rating it would have meant "" No room for improvements "". Everything can be improved upon. Anyway, go get yourself one, your clothes will love you for it."
First one that I've ever used that actually works! It is also large enough to get the job done quickly.
"I gave this rating because on some on fabric it works well and other such as my blankets, not so well."
The little machine de-bumped 5 nice sweaters that I thought I would have to replace.  The only effort was laying the sweaters flat on the bed and running the machine over the arm pit area and the mammary gland chest area.  The sweaters now appear new.
"the Fuzz Wizard did not do as advertised, it only got off some fuzz, not all
I returned it, since i was disappointed"
This is bigger than other fabric shavers I looked at online. It worked great on my winter coat and the edge of my couch. I would definitely recommend it.
"Used it a few times and it works fine.  It is a time saver.
Don't expect miracles.
The item came on time. It was as described and well packaged."
Have used the Fuzz Wizard for years.  Can't be without one at all.  Works well and everyone needs one on hand.
"Short and sweet... buy this thing and you will run out of batteries before your run out of things to fuzz bust.
It really works like it says, and the pictures don't do it justice.  I had a ton of old tobbogans (or beanies) that I refused to wear anymore because the get that nappy fuzz on them.  I hit those boys with this thing, and the next thing I know me and my wife are grabbing sweaters and shirts, anything with those little annoying little lintballs that make a good piece of clothing look like crap.

Buy it, you won't regret it

Side Note: after you see how awesome it is you'll want to give it as a Christmas gift cause its inexpensive and it works.  Whoever you give it to will give it the gas face, cause they think is like all the other lint shaving pieces of crap they've tried in the past.  Make sure you bring yours with you and give a demo on somebodys tobbogan (beanie), once they see it in action other people will be in line to get theirs done and your crappy gift will be a hit.

Hope this helps"
"The unit I received didn't work from the get-go (did make sure the batteries were properly inserted). Luckily there was no problem getting a quick refund through Amazon. I'm giving the shaver the benefit of doubt with a 2-star rating, since I feel I shouldn't pan an item that I never was able to use."
"Awesome Product! I gave it five stars because it is very large & covers a bigger amount of space than any other I've used. It is powerful & lightweight. I was going to buy this one 1st & chose a smaller, more inexpensive one instead. It works great but it was too small for large jobs, so I ordered this one & absolutely love it. I saw some reviews with complaints that I can't understand or relate to at all. This one also comes with a cleaning brush & a fabric guard for clothes & blankets etc...with a thicker nap. Some customers complain on any of these shavers that theirs died right away. This happens if the fuzz or threads become wrapped around inside spinning parts. It's easy to take the cover off & remove blockage & close back up. I even use canned air on mine on occasion to fully blow dust out. This is such a fantastic shaver, I recommend it to anyone looking for a fuzz/pill remover. You will not regret it!!! Do not believe any negative reviews!!! Buy this & get your clothes, sheets & certain chairs, couches & throw pillows looking new again!!"
"I've used the Fuzz Wizard on sweaters, socks, and jacket sleeves and the garments look like new.  I am very pleaed with  the results and would recommend to everyone.  It really works!"
"This is super powerful and works great - - I suggest the following:  Practice on an item you don't care about to get a feel for how it works.  Pull the cloth tight over a hard surface (I used a book but an ironing board would be perfect) and move slowly, keeping the shaver level at all times.  Be very careful over seams and stay away from any embellishment and you should be VERY happy with the results.  Took a maxi dress from worn out to gorgeous in about 20 minutes!  Enjoy!"
"worked great  saved so many of my clothes easy to use easy to clean
I highly recommend this for everyone"
"No problem with ordering or receiving.  The product itself is not powerful so you have to go over the knits serveral times to remove them and I certainly would not classify it as ""Professional""  I had problems getting the batteries in before it would start, and yes I know how to install them correctly!!"
"The fuzz is removed very easily,  the wizard  is easy to use and  and makes the sweater look like new..  LK"
Does not shave as much lint off of my sweaters as I was wishing for. Would not purchase again. No
So far I've tried three different defuzzers and this definitely works the best. I'm an advid knitter so I use it all the time.
This item works really well and doesn't damage my clothes. I was a little concerned it would be  junk but was pleasantly surprised. Easy to use.
"I just shaved my entire sweater coat and it did a very good job. Of course the sweater doesn't look like it did when I first bought it, but overall I am very happy with the Fuzz Wizard."
"Fuzz remover works fairly well. Not for all fabrics but it serves the purpose I bought it for. Much easier than using a razor and taking a chance of ruining the material. You have to go over the item several times as many of the reviews say, however it does work and it does remove the hard to get fuzzies. I am glad I bought it!"
"This little guy works and has already saved me money because my clothes look brand new!  It runs on batteries, but runs a long time."
"I was on the search for an electric fabric shaver because my delicate, rayon/ merino wool sweater accidentally sneaked into my laundry load (yikes)! When I took it out of the dryer, it pilled like crazy! Little red pills gathered all over my freshly washed clothes and my brand new sweater was ruined. I saw the fuzz wizard and had some hope that my beautiful sweater could be saved!

Once I received it in the mail, I saw that it was very poorly packaged. It was impossible to get out without ripping it apart. I was trying not rip anything in case I wanted to return it, but oh well. When I finally got the little bugger out of the box, I saw that I wasn't given the cleaner brush for the blades. Also, I could not get the fabric guard on. I tried for 25 minutes until I gave up. It just didn't fit and was frustrating. It was a very disappointing start.

Once I started using the product, I didn't see an immediate difference. I was very worried that I had to pull the plug on my gorgeous sweater, but after going over the first half of my sweater a few times, I stepped back and saw there was a HUGE difference! I was very happy and continued to shave those evil little pills off. I don't think it got ALL the pills so that it looked brand new, but it got about 90% of them. The ones it didn't get were very tiny and not too noticeable. Turns out I didn't need the fabric guard at all! Even though my sweater was super thin and delicate, it didn't make any holes (and this was my first time ever using one).

It was very time consuming; took me a little over an hour (but my sweater was REALLY bad). I did have to empty the lint case about 6 times, but that didn't bother me. A lot of people complained about that, but if they were to make the container bigger, then the whole product would feel bulky and ugly. People also complained it consumed the battery life in a short period of time. DON'T BE FOOLED BY THAT. My shaver lasted my entire hour of constant shaving with strong power throughout the shave. My guess is that their shaver started to get clogged or the cap wasn't on tight enough. The batteries are very expensive, but this shaver isn't going to be used on a daily basis so that's not too bad either.

Overall, this little gadget saved my sweater and did a decent job doing it. It's well worth the price and I'm definitely keeping it for future use. In my opinion, you should definitely choose this over the other really expensive ones!"
"I have had a problem with dark colored socks coming out of the dryer with pilllings and lint stuck to them so tight, that it would probably take a week to pick them off. I tried rolling tape, that did not work. I've tried putting my socks into a mesh bag before drying, that did not work.  I bought this Fuzz Wizard and I was amazed how clean it got my socks within minutes! Problem is solved and I am very glad I have this little travel sized fabric shaver. Thank you Amazon!"
This product worked as well as I had wished for! The price was right as well and I would recommend to anyone looking for this type of product.
Shaves every lent i used with it makes clothes look new after washes and things pulled out of closet especially coats.
The item is really an electric shaver for sweaters that pill. It has a transparent compartment for shavings so you know how much wool has been removed as you use it.
I've used other fabric shavers before but this one is the best. It's perfect for all types of fabrics. it's just great and I would recommend it to everyone.
"This little thing really works! There is a small fuzz catcher that you need to empty, but it's easy to do."
"Went by all the comments from others.  It works for the most part, but it takes forever!  If you can afford to pay more, I'd go for on of the more expense ones."
"This fuzz remover is outstanding. my sofa turned to just new. I would highly recommend it, because you will never regret  the penny u spend on this valuable item."
"I've had the ""junior"" fuzz-buster for many years, but my new larger model is a ""10"", and works like a mini rotary mower for nubs on your clothing."
"All of my cashmere looks new now. IT does not do as well on pashmina, but it can work. A great purchase all around."
"removed all the balls, small and large, from the fleece jacket that I accidently put in the dryer with new, freshly washed towels."
"I would like to write a huge heart-felt thank you note to the person who invented the fabric shaver. I never thought I could get so much joy from such a simple machine. This one is amazeballs. I got it today, popped in two C batteries (not included), and went to work on my comforter that acquired some massive pilling areas that were ANNOYING THE HECK OUT OF ME. I didn't even read the instructions or use any kind of included attachments. After a short few minutes of sweet success, I gathered my whole family around to watch it's amazingness. It's a miracle worker. I could fabric shave all day long. Really, someone should pay me. I'm not sure how I ever lived without it and you can bet some very lucky friends and family members will be getting one from me soon. EVERYONE SHALL LOVE THIS AS MUCH AS ME....MUHAHAHAHAHAHAHA"
"I already had a smaller version but thought the larger one would work easier. Found they work the same just the larger one covers a larger area...but found I still have to go over and over the same area on the fabric. I'm sure I will use it whenever needed. It definitely ""refreshes"" sweaters and other clothing items that fuzz or ""ball"" up."
"I bought this product because the reviews were stellar.  For me, this product didn't produce the advertised results.  Actually, it produced no results at all."
This shaver quit working after a little over two months. Amazon won't take it back because it has been over 30 days. What a waste of money.
"This is so easy to use, and does just what it is supposed to!  Gotta love a product that performs as expected!"
"I bought something similar a few years ago and it stopped working after 2-3 sweaters.  This one has been working well for probably about 10 sweaters - it isn't all that fast, and two or three times I must have let the fabric bunch up because it snagged and cut a small hole in my sweater, but overall if you're patient and careful, this is a good product."
"I don't really have any possibility to compare with another device from another brand but this one works well even with big fuzz. My advice: use on a flat clothes on a table, move slowly and gently (meaning don't press it too much on the fabric) and for recalcitrant fuzz, a slight round movement should do it."
"This little gadget works great, it has restored sweaters that I thought I would never be able to wear again. It is like a little vacuum. I used it on all of my sweaters including cashmere. I would highly recommend this to anyone."
"Exactly what I am looking for.
It is a very useful tool that I recommend every household should keep one."
"I really like it. However, I do recommend always using the fabric guard because it will cut a hole in your clothes; don't ask me how I know ;) Highly recommend!"
"It eats batteries almost as fast as it eats fuzz. I still think it is worth while, but a lot better if you use rechargeables."
"So far, so good.  This little guy works well and get the job done.  I really appreciate that my sweaters don't look so worn once they are ""de-fuzzed."""
"This worked great an sweaters and sweat shirt.  I just flattend them out on top of washer and  shaved away.  I was ready to toss those clothes out, they looked so worn but good as new now."
"I ordered this to help my hand knit objects look better after years of use. It got the fuzz without damaging the knitting. It also seemed to brighten the knitting up a bit, making it look new."
"This is the best little shaver I've found.  Works like a charm--it has saved clothes items that I thought were bound for the trash bin.  I've bought one for my mom, sister, mother in law......everyone needs one!"
"too small to work...maybe 'barbie' could use this thing for her little sweaters....no, and I mean no power. is this a joke?"
"The ""Fuzz Wizard Professional Quality Fabric Shaver"" is very cheaply constructed and doesn't work. I received it on December 31, 2013, and used it the following day on a wool blanket.  It did not remove any of the fuzz.  There is no way for me to return it, since I had to use scissors to remove the cardboard packaging.  The original packaging is required on returned items.  I am probably going to throw the ""shaver"" away so that it does not take up storage room, because I will never use it again."
Arrived quickly but It does not work at all on a wool coat. It is definetly a waste of money.
Great for any material that pills. Uses the battery very quickly. We used it on our couch cushions and on a shrt.
"This works great, but go easy. I was kind of careless and cut a whole in a really nice sweater with it."
"I had a small fabric cleaner that worked well for years.  This was much bigger and works very well.  With all the brands, sizes, and various reviews, it was hard to choose a new one.  The Fuzz Wizad does a very good job and I am happy with it.  I would recommend it to others."
This works quite well but in order to defuzz one sweater it uses up the batteries completely. Basically it will use a set of batteries for each thing you want to defuzz. :(
"Received this as a Christmas present, eagerly opened it and inserted new batteries - I have a number of sweaters that could be saved with a great fabric shaver. This one isn't it. I made it through the front half of one sweater before the thing completely died. Replaced batteries to see if that would help but it did not. I have had things from a dollar store that lasted longer than this did. Ridiculous and, even though it is not in ""new"" condition since I used it for that quarter of a sweater, I am going to request a refund. A replacement/exchange would only be a waste of time, effort, and shipping. What a shame. In looking through the reviews, it appears this product has not improved at all since other customers have had issues over the last few years. I'd strongly urge you not to buy this product, it was a complete disappointment."
"This little gadget is fantastic. I've used I to defuzz some wool socks and sweaters. One sweater was even a cable knit. Now they all look brand new. As for those who commented that it made holes in their clothes, I think they must have been using it wrong and holding it too long in one place or pressing too hard."
This Fuzz Wizard did a great job on 2 of my sweaters that I did so far. Finally a product that delivers as advertised.
This actually works very well despite how it looks. When I received I thought it would not do a good job but I was wrong.
"Much better quality than the fabric shavers I've used in the past. Because it takes so many big batteries, it maintains a steady power over a long period of time for defuzzing large woolen items."
Works well gets the job done and the price is unbeatable easy to clean also I highly recomend this product
"Works Well, used it on a Fuzzy sofa.
I havre a mattress that is pilling quite a bit and this helps, but is not the perfect solution. What works best is a sweater stone which I would recomend before you get this.

That being said this works well for smaller pilling spots and is no mess."
This was perfect for me because I had many pieces of clothes that just needed a good shaving.  Easy to use and works great!
"Does work.  Shaved many small balls off my kids cheap trendy sweater and I can stand to see her wear it a little longer now.  The little motor sorts of suctionsthe balls.  If the balls are small and tight to fabric you may need to hold it up to the screen instead of laying it flat.  Sort of tricky to hold it.  My usual way of holding it made the fuzz holder pop open, but got used to it."
"Fuzz Wizard works really well. I have tried other similar products that family and friends have. This one seems to do better at getting the pills off and not damaging fabrics, even slubby sweaters. Love it. Gift worthy."
Works well. I ordered another brand previously and it didn't work. Unfortunately I didn't use that one right away and it was too late to return.
"I adore this little contraption!!!  I only wish I'd found it sooner . . . prior to me pitching some sweaters and coats because of fuzz balls.  This thing is amazing.  Where have I been that I didn't know something like this existed to extend the life of my clothing.  Very impressed.  Upon initial use, I cut a sweater a wee bit but not to the point of ruin.  After getting the touch down I moved on to other sweaters and to my coats I've pulled out for winter wear.  Between this and the JM fabric steamer I am loving refreshing (from spring/summer storage smell) my clothing that I thought I'd have to replace, many of which were my favorites 'hence them still being around with fuzz' (I know, not the best look . . . but that is not the case any more!!!).

My rambling rave review is over.  I am very pleased and will recommend this to family and friends."
The best shaver I've bought in twenty years.  Had my doubts but it is an awesome shaver.  Restored my bedspread back to looking new.
"It never worked, it was crap. I wasted my money! Sorry I ever ordered it! Don/t purchaed this! Never again!"
"The Fuzz Wizard works likes magic. I ordered a smaller, cheaper unit initially but it stopped working before I finished using it on one piece of clothing. I have used the Fuzz Wizard on several garments now and they look brand new. One of my sons jackets was completely covered with those ugly little fuzz balls. I wanted to get rid of the jacket, but he loved it. I used the Fuzz Wizard on the jacket and then hung it on the coat rack. When my son saw it he couldn't believe that it looked new again and he asked me how I did it. This is a purchase well worth the money, I wish I would have tried one years ago, I could have saved a lot of pieces of clothing from the trash bin."
"Poor quality. Cheap, lightweight blades that rattled as they tried to go around. The first and only time I used it the unit worked for a few minutes and then died. What a waste of money."
Love this little thing! It does exactly what it is supposed to do. My clothes look as good as new!
"My sweaters look brand new again. This is a great fuzz eating device. It is also big, so you aren't ""defuzzing"" forever!"
"This takes a while, but it does the job. I think if you use it all the time it would be best. After you wear the sweater just go over it.
It has a small clipping holder so you do have to remember to empty it while you work."
"This is a handy-dandy machine, it's comfortable in your hand, no pressure is required to remove lint, just glide it over your items and voila lint free garments. I'm happy I purchased it."
I bought this for myself and my sister and it is an Excellent product. It shaves all the fuss off my sweaters and my tee shirts. I read in previous reviews that is snags thin shirt material but I resolved that by wearing my shirt as I shaved it. I have had no such problem with snags. I love this fabric shaver and I highly recommend this product.
"I am very pleased with this product so far...I received the product before my anticipated date of delivery; which was super!!! I used the product as soon as I received it on two hats and it worked perfectly!! I was so thrilled that it didn't snag my hats like others may have posted; not to say that it may never snag any of my items, but right now I'm very happy with my Fabric Shaver. The product is small enough to fit in one hand without the bulkiness and the head is large enough to cover a significant amount of surface. So, I'm giving a 5 star because the delivery time was earlier than expected and for the product itself :)"
Used this on my thick sweater. It now looks brand new! I got this pone in particular because of the higher review vs the lower ones. I definitely recommend this one!
Bought for my daughter so I don't know how it works. I have not heard any complaints which is a good thing when you buy something for her so I assume it is good.
My wife wanted to try this so I ordered it for her. She could not be happier because she gets a little more time to wear her favorite things which she previously would have tossed out. Now those items she likes can be saved for a time. Shes happy I'm happy.
"My daughter sat on a foam mat at gymnastic class and the backside of her new lycra outfit was covered in 'pills'.  I attempted to pick them off but the fabric pulled along with them. I'm generally a skeptic, but I read the reviews and figured I had nothing to lose to try this little gadget.  It worked wonders!!! It took all of 2 minutes to eliminate every last pill from the backside of her shorts.  It slides right over the fabric, no pulls or snags on the material. Absolutely loved it."
"These things are temperamental on a good day, however this item is worthless. It kills brand new batteries in less than 15 seconds. I thought something was wrong with the first set of batteries so I bought new ones today and had the same results. I waited too long to use it and now I cant return it. Bad deal all the way around! Don't buy the Fuzz Wizard. Deserves a negative 5 brown star rating."
"Believe me when I say this, click on the ""See all 4 customer images"" on the top page where the image is, you will see the old sock that I found in the garage before and after. One of the thing I can say cheap miracle machine."
"Not super high powered but gets the job done!  Exactly as advertised.  It does a fine job of removing fuzz and pilled up fabric.  Had a few sweatshirts that were looking all raggedy and this made them look like new.  $11 for the fabric shaver definitely beats buying new clothes.  Easy to open and empty, just be careful of the blade.  Makes a really satisfying chopping noise when it hits fabric pills."
"I was very surpised at how well this worked.  I've used this on socks, coats, sweaters just about everything. I would recommend this product."
"It was the best shaver I've  brought, and I have purchase many different ones, lasted a long time until my son dropped it on the floor recently. Will purchase another one soon!"
"I was looking for something to remove the fuzzies/fabric pills off my couch and recliner. This has worked like a charm. I do go slow and make sure I have the ""fabric guard"" on, but the couch and recliner look so much better now."
"I have been using the same small clothes shaver for years--they seem to last forever!  But I wanted to upgrade to something bigger and newer, and this shaver fit the bill.  It's awesome!  I actually used it to shave the pills off my couch, and it took no time with the large shaving surface and did a fabulous job!  It even comes with a ring to use for more delicate fabrics.  I am very pleased with this product and its performance."
I like to use this on my sweaters when they get balled up. I do wish it was bigger but it is probably the best size for traveling!
I purchased this product mainly for my knits such as leggings and tops.  As much as I pay for my clothes it never fails that they end up getting the worn look before their time. I could not believe how quickly this product removed the fuzz and pilling from my clothes.  A definite must if you wear a lot of knits.
Love it. Wish it had an AC plug for enviromental reasons. That would make it perfect. The box it comes in is heavy cardboard so it is good to keep all the little pieces together.
"It is very good and useful. It is easy to operate, you just need to buy two C batteries. Buy it! The correct choice."
"Hi

Very Fast Shipment. Worked Great Removing Cotton Balls From My Vintage Schott Bomber Jacket From The 70's.
Runs on 2- ""C"" Batteries. Easy to Clean after you Finish. It is a Must have Tool."
"I own a Laura Ashley comforter and after 4 months I noticed pilling fuzz balls forming on 2 of the decorative fabric strips.  I started pulling them off by hand and that was mindless and a waste of time. I didn't want a complicated contraption with lots of pieces to keep track of.  I bought the simple hand held fuzz wizard to remove the pilling and in quick order I was whisking across the fabric removing every single piece of fuzz with ease! Then I emptied out the reservoir onto my hand to see how much it caught and to my surprise, it found a lot more than I thought and more then I saw with my eyes. Great product. I've owned it for a week so far and I plan to use it a whole lot more and will challenge it on all sorts of items now that I see what it can do."
"Very good compared to others. I tend to use frequently sweaters. fabrics , etc. You have to be very careful while using!!"
"This thing works great. I had a smaller cheaper one i lost in a flood. replaced it with this. strong motor. good job. haven't noticed any pulling of threads. I can probably happen with any one you buy. great price. The Seller had fast shiping just as described.
 highly recommend for making your old clothes look new again."
"I did not purchase mine on amazon, but I decided I needed to review it. It works so well, I'm rescuing so many of my garments. I have no other fabric shaver to compare it to. I highly recommend following the instructions: inspect clothing for loose threads and holes because this product will probably harm your clothing if it catches on any snags. Also, you barely need to put any pressure on the fabric at all, sort of let it float over the fabric to remove the pills. Don't go too quickly either. Unfortunately, you need to empty the fuzz catching tray at least 5 times per garment, especially if they are thick wool or something. but what else could be expected? I highly recommend this product; it is improving the look of my pilly garments even though it takes a little while."
This was exactly what I needed for my sweaters.  works very good and all you need to do is be patient & not rush to get the lint off.
"I paid a professional dry cleaner 25 bucks a pop or something ridiculous to shave some of my work sweaters. I swear they didn't look that much better when they came back. But this thing is awesome. But be careful, it will take a chunk out of the fabric if you don't hold it flat. I get impatient and that's what i get. lol"
I only did one sweater and the item stopped working ... changed batteries and still no power.  Not a happy camper with this product. Cost me more trouble and money to return it than it was worth.
I have prurchased other fuzz shavers previously---this one did nothing what so ever...I replaced the batteries twice to make sure it wasn't weakened by bad batteries---it was a poor unit...
Did a lot of research on these shavers but kept coming back to this one. For the money this was the best value. Good results so far. I did not see the point in the high end products when you consider what it is they do. Maybe over time I might have a different opinion but the for the limited use it I should last.
I have tried several different fuzz removers even one that plugs in and the Fuzz Wizard is by far the very best!!! I thrift shop and it makes the clothes look new. Sometimes I can't believe the results I get. It makes the old look new.
"Always leery of ""As Seen on TV"" products, but it has worked well so far to removes the annoying fuzz from many tops and sweaters."
"This works EXTREMELY well. However, after a couple of minutes, it seemed to be 'dying'. I was so incredibly disgusted because some of the reviews talked about how it failed after just a few uses. I just couldn't believe it was happening. So, I took out one battery (so that I wouldn't turn it on by accident when checking blades... I'm a klutz), only to discover that it had cut off so much fuzz,  it wrapped around the turn-shaft to which the fan is attached. I couldn't get it off with the included lint brush, so  got a pair of tweezers to clean it all off. That did the trick!  So in effect, it works so well, that one needs to stop frequently - not just to empty the little fuzz catching container, but to unwrap the fuzz from around the turn-shaft (or whatever its official name is). It's a bit of a pain, but certainly worth the results!  I will be keeping this cheap pair of tweezers in the box with the Fuzz Wizard because the little lint brush is relatively useless for when fuzz actually gets wrapped around the shaft.  But again... the blades are very sharp. I would highly recommend taking out a battery before uncovering the blades. [You wouldn't want to accidentally turn the dang thing on ... as one could cut their fingers ""to pieces."""
"Stop your search and buy this, you won't be disappointed.  Does what it advertises and does it well.  Made a favorite sweatshirt look like new.  Would definitely recommend."
"Used this on my couch and it looks brand new. I did not use the guard, and there were no issues whatsoever with damage to the fabric on the couch. I did not use on any clothing, but if you want a good way to de-fuzz your couch, I highly recommend this. It is a slow process but worth it."
I sell vintage clothes and this works wonderfully on the fabrics gently cutting off the pilling w/o destruction to the fabric. I've also used them on sweaters ready to go and have brought them back to my closet. I keep it in my sewing box and use it all of the time.
I had this for 1 month before it just stopped working for no reason. It did work very good until then.  I guess you get what you pay for.
This electric shaver is awesome! You cant press to hard like some dummies may or it can snag your cloths but if you do it right it is the best shaver ever.
This larger version of a smaller de-fuzzer I had works SO much better.  More power.  It is great for my knitted/felted projects.
"This actually is pretty good for smaller things. The batteries die fast, but then again, I used it on my couch, probably a bigger project than it was intended for. But works!"
I got this because my old one gave out (after about 5 years!). These work really well. They can take a sweater from shabby to sleek in no time!
"This is a Great tool! Fuzz chamber needs frequent emptying, but w/patience, it's awesome :) it is Definitely worth the price!"
This product is wonderful!  It removes fuzz and lint very quickly and I have yet to replace the batteries.  It is durable and I am certain that I will get many years of service from it.
"Bought in 2012 - it's been a year of usage. works great. Removes lints and pills effectively. Buying another one.
I bought this product after research and it turned out to be a good buy."
"dont press too hard with any of these and you won't mow off all of your fabric. This is one that actually works, but if you mash it in the fabric, you can end up shaving it down too far"
I love this product and have Reccomended it to many friends.  Does hat it says it will!  Excellent product.  Strongly recommend.
It does a great job on the sweaters. It is easy to use and this is the only time I like to vacuum.
"I've had this for several weeks now and I've used it a lot already. I've used this on cottons and poly/cotton blends that have pilled. Works like a champ, exactly as it says. Definitely worth the money!"
"I use this to de-fuzz my hand-knitted socks. It is more powerful and effective than other shavers I've used, and has a nice large vessel, so you do not have to stop and empty it as often. I'm always careful about pressure, and not catching textured knits in the blade. As long as you pay attention and use some caution, you won't ruin anything."
"This gets the job done, a little larger than I hoped and really hard to get out of the box. But for the money it works fine."
I never knew this contraption existed and I love it.  Popped in two batteries and Voila it worked great. I recommend it to everyone.
I bought it for my wife to use on her work close and she absolutely loves it.  It is a must by if you have problems with fuzz balls.
This product is very low power. I could pull the fuzz off better. Waste of money. Don't buy it. a
"was able to use once and then it just would not turn on again. Changed batteries and everything I could think of....nothing!!
The only reason it is getting a star at all is because I can't move forward with out it."
I like this shaver because it isn't over done.  It's worth the money because it isn't too sharp or too fast.  I've used it on bed sheets to socks.  I shaved an entire queen size sheet and the batteries didn't even slow down.  My 600 thread count sheets were full of piles which made them feel like sleeping on sand.  I got this shaver just for my sheets which were very expensive and I didn't want to toss them to the dog bed.  After I shaved them they were like new again.  I have several cotton tops that get fuzzy under the arms and this shaver takes care of that as well.  I've used it on delicate fabrics and it hasn't cut any of them.  It empties easily and has a shaver cover and cleaning brush as well.  Cotton socks are bad to pile too and this will make them like new.  It worked on my baby blankets as well.
"i wasn't sure which product to select, but am glad i chose this one ...... it took care of the fuzz problem on my jacket"
"I had originally purchased this product at Bed, Bath and Beyond for my mom. She liked it so much I wanted one too. Unfortunately they quit carrying this brand. I couldn't find it at EBAY. I knew Amazon would come through for me. It takes a C battery instead of the AA's. It fits perfectly in your hand to do a very nice job."
more effective getting rid of fuzz balls than my older shavers. It will be fun to rejuvinate my sweaters next winter.
It gets the job done Ive had it about 6 months my gear has no fuzz. The price is right
"On a whim I desperately needed a fabric shaver...but I thought these were a thing of 1990s past. I typed ""fabric shaver"" into amazon and this is one of the products that came up. I was so excited! It works like a charm! The reservoir for holding fuzz fills up fast, so you have to empty frequently so it doesn't cause the blade to stop spinning. I'm thinking about getting a second one for backup."
"I was going to stop purchasing lulu all together because the pilling was driving me insane, this removes it all!"
"I use this all the time on my sweaters and can't believe how it helps them to look like new again! The lint collector is small and has to be emptied frequently, but I don't mind because of how well the product works!"
Great product at a reasonable price. I had two expensive knit polo shirts that were pilled pretty badly from the strap carrying a messenger bag. The shaver cleaned up the pilling and the shirts look great now. A really minimal investment to save a few hundred$ worth of clothing!
I love this fabric shaver.  Easy to use and it really gets all the lint off my daughter's school uniforms.
"So far it works well, although I've only used it once.  Time will tell if it continues to do the job."
I do have to say that it will do the job for the price of the item. There are more products available on Amazon which are more expensive and probably do the same job
Have had this for a while now and it has worked great on my kids sweaters that were in need of fuzz shaving.
"I've had this product for several months and haven't yet needed to replace the C battery in it. It gently removes the fuzzies from sweaters, yoga pants, skirts, and wool hats/mittens. There are places where I notice I need to be careful not to push too hard, otherwise it might cut a hole... but I haven't had any accidents yet! It fills up quickly. It's saved several sweaters from being retired months ago!"
This does the job quite well.  I use it on my blanket and outer garments to get off the fuzz balls.
"This is a five star product from my experience.  It shaved the ""pills"" from my favorite jacket. Great job!
Pat"
"I never leave online reviews for products I purchase, but I felt compelled this time.  There are a lot of negative reviews of this item and they are b.s.  First of all, a company would not continue to manufacture and sell a defective product, so there's your first hint.  Second, I tried this on several different fabrics so far and one is a fine wool, a thick and loose-knit afghan.  NO PROBLEMS.  This item works perfectly.  The people who give items bad reviews and criticize how they operate are people who either don't use it right or have ridiculous expectations.  It's never 'operator error', it's always the product that's at fault.  Not in this case.  It works as described.  Just follow the instructions!"
I was about to toss a dress I loved bc it developed 'fuzz' on the sides. Then I found this product. My dress looks almost like new again. Note that batteries need to be purchased separately.
"product works as promised, has had a lot of use since I received it, no issues, I am extremely satisfied"
"I was able to clean up a sweater that had pilled a lot. It was a very slow process, but I had no snafu's. I did try it on a cotton/rayon fabric that was fairly thin and it did not work well, and it did pick up a loose thread end. I will be sticking to sweaters."
This item works better than any other Fabric Shaver I have had! It is economical and I would recommend it to anyone wanting a Shaver.  We have a Bridal store and sometimes we get fuzz like damages on some of our satin and jersey gowns and this little shaver saves the gowns.
"The Fuzz Wizard eats its competition just like it eats up fuzz!

Previous to the Fuzz Wizard, I owned a cheap clothes shaver (same price as the Fuzz Wizard but horrible quality) that I picked up in a pinch from a local craft store. The grill on the cheap one cracked and it would make horrible noises. This one however...

IS FANTASTIC!

Want to get all the piling off your blankets? The Fuzz Wizard is ready for the task. My girlfriend was in a state of hysteria over the fuzz balls all over the blanket until I handed her the Wizard. Her eyes lit up and she proceeded to decimate those little fuzzy annoyances. I was the hero of the day thanks to the Fuzz Wizard!"
My mother has owned one of these for years and I kept meaning to get one myself.  It's easy to use and definately restores the life to pilled fabric.
"I bought so many fabric shavers but Fuzz Wizard really stands for its description ( Professional quality). I was looking for a fabric shaver that runs smoothly without stopping every minute and does not damage the fabric. Finally I found it. It is amazing, now I don't have to spend money on Cleaners. It is just awesome."
"This shaver has done a great job on all fabrics I've tried it on -- sweaters, quilts, even socks.  The fabric guard doesn't fit, so I can't use it, but I see no need for it so it isn't an issue for me.  I like the size -- it's perfect!"
"The product was very effective and made short work of the pills on several garments.  However, when held normally, I found that the cover that holds the trimmed fabric kept coming off.  It is designed to fit snugly, but in my case, it kept slipping off.  This happened shortly after I started using it, so I assume it is either a small design or manufacturing problem.  I tried a thick rubber band to make sure it stayed attached, and that helped, but one still had to be careful.

For the price, it's just fine.  I noticed a much more expensive model that has a dedicated handle, which would address the problem I ran into, though spending the additional $15 or so on that model would only make sense if a person was going to use this frequently."
was disappointed to see it was from China... not too effective for what i needed as i had heavy duty fuzz
Hard to  install batteries and bat cover does not lock down . Does great job on fuzz removal! I would recommend.
"This is exactly what I needed. It fits nice in my hand, and it comes with a guard to use if you have a delicate shirt or sweater. As soon as I received  it I put it to use on 4 items and they look brand new again. The fuzz container does fill up quickly, but I expected that! ;) Takes two C Batters, luckily I had some. Thank you!"
Worked just as advertises. Handles is good and a very good size.  Worth the price by far then any other.
"This item is not clothing, so the size, color and fit do not apply. I am pleased with the sweater pill remover."
"Came speedily with no problems - like everything else I've ordered thru Amazon.  The shaver does the job better than any other product I've used including electric shavers by other manufacturers.  The fuzz collection area is small and wish it were larger because have to empty it frequently. The design of the shaver is such that it is easy to handle and with care the lint collector does not come off during use.  Have had this since Nov. 2012 and use it often on socks (non cotton), sweats (cotton and cotton/poly), yoga pants (cotton, cotton/poly, and poly) with no problems.  Adjust the pressure you apply and sometimes go over the same area to totally remove the pills and you should have no problem.  Construction is perfect, still using same batteries after 7 months, it travels with us frequently.  Amazon's price was better than Walmart's and every other store that carries this brand."
"Worth every penny. Tried others, but this is so much better. You have so many products just a click away."
"This machine is useless.  I had another fabric shaver that lasted 3 years and this product did not last 3 weeks without cutting off after sweater number 3.  I mean it is a serious waste of money.  The motor does not work well, it keeps cutting off while shaving the fabric."
Worked as advertised. My Moms sweater had heavy fuzz on it and shaver took it all off. I would recommend
"I love that it is easy to use and handle. It removed 95% of the pills and fuzz from my favorite sweater! That's an extra plus in my book, especially considering how it used to look!"
"This is a product for the home. It's not very powerful, but it works for the occasional sweater or pant. I used it on a small mat and it took a while, but it came out nice and thingy-free.
It takes a while to remove all the fuzz if the item is big, and you have to go over the same place about three times. But once you're done, it's worth it  to have a clean item. Don't expect it to be too ""professional"". It's actually pretty small."
I thought this product would be great because of it's larger size... I thought wrong.  It barely shaves anything.  I have to keep going over and over and over and over the same spot and then it still doesn't get all the fuzz.  What a major disappointment and waste of my money!!!
"I had seen some reviews saying that it ripped holes in delicate fabrics and it sure does if you aren't careful when going over seams or wrinkles! But when I am careful with it I am very happy with the results, it took a TON of lint fuzzies off my baby's clothes and made them look so much better."
"I bought this because a new sweater was really pilling up more that I had imagined, but this giant shaver, really does the job and the cover for removing the lint is very easy to use."
"I buy alot of my clothes from Forever21 and places like that, and they have a lot of knit clothing, and after awhile little fuzz builds up on them, and it looks awful, then just sits in my closet for months, till now! I love this! It gets rid of the fuzz build up very well, I about de-fuzzed my entire wardrobe in one sitting! It does take two double C batteries that don't come w/ it, so keep that in mind, also it does take awhile to de-fuzz stuff so be patient, also make sure your using it on a flat surface, and the clothing is as smooth as you can get it, don't go over any bumps/wrinkles on clothing w/ this, b/c the fabric will go into the machine and it will get cut, that has happened to a few times, but the cuts aren't major, and not very noticeable. Overall great purchase!"
"just wanna say, I love it! It is a very useful tool! it will makes your clothes look better than before."
Good price. It works great. I am very happy. Every thing looks like new. I'm happy.  I would recommend to buy.
I have been looking for a fabric shaver that worked well and couldn't find one. This one is great! Works well on my clothes and the kids. I would recommend this to anyone looking for a fabric shaver!
I am pleased with this item!  It works very well!  The only drawback is that the lint holder is small.
"Recieved this item and DID have an issue with the batteries, the diagram showing which way the battery was supposed to be installed was not right...but after i got it running it did what it was supposed to do and i was pleased with the item...BUT, beware!  if you run across a bunched up area of material, it may pick up the material and pull a hole in it.  that happened to me twice when i was in a hurry.  just be sure the material is held out taught and/or flat when using the item, this issue may be with all similar items to do this, i don't know, but be careful, but it does work."
This fabric shaver works great I am very impressed my son had a pair of sweat pants with fuzz all over them that I couldn't get off with a lint brush and now his sweat pants look brand new again from using the fabric shaver on them.
"I was skeptical on whether this would work. Surprisingly I've never heard of a fabric shaver before so this is my first experience with one. I used it on a cotton shirt that noticeably had some piling, the fuzz wizard seemed to take a layer off of the shirt making it like it was newer. However, I would advise to use it with caution. When running it over the sleeves, it seemed to have cut the edge of it. That may have been my fault being that it wasn't flat enough. However, I was comfortable enough to use it on the cotton shirt, maybe not so much on more delicate fabrics. Although, they do provide you with a fabric guard for more delicate items.

The device is easy to use, just one switch that turns off and on. The fuzz is easy to remove as the front latch just slides off and it's kind of cool to see how much it has removed. I would recommend this product."
"For the price, it performed well enough.  I had to go over the fabric more times that I would have expected.  It did not do well on softer knits, e.g., cashmere."
This thing is fantastic. I wish it came with an AC Adapter cause you can burn through batteries. One set of batteries did an entire jacket that was covered in fuzz.
"The day I took it out of the box and put in the batteries it didn't work.  I purchased new batteries and then it worked. Two days later I tried to use it again and it didn't work, put new batteries again (just in case) but nothing.  I noticed that the on-off switch was wobbly.
What a waste of my money."
"Works great. Easy to use, Would recommend to anyone that needs something like it. Cleaned up an Under Armour 1/4 zip I washed with towels and it got pills all over it. Took about 5 minutes. I was going to throw the garmet out! Pill catcher is simple to unload and you can start on something else. I'm sure you won't be disappointed!!"
"I bought this Fuzz Wizard because it was very inexpensive and I wanted to see how a product like this works.  In fact it works surprisingly well for the $10 I paid...I mean common, what can someone expect from a product that costs $10!  In time (it was slow and I had to stop very frequently to empty the fuzz storage container) I was able to get all the balls off an old cardigan sweater that was covered with them.  Using this product told me exactly what I wanted to know-if I can find a truly well-made product, it should work great and last a long time."
I bought this product because my wool jacket had accumulated a lot of fuzz on it.  The shaver did a great job of removing it.
"This sweater shaver is much nicer than the type sold in stores. It has a large head so doing a sweater takes no time at all. Sweaters come out looking like new. I also use it for anything with ""pills"" or ""fuzz"" including upholstery. I can't live without it.  It was well packaged for mailing and came quicker than indicated. I'm buying one for everyone for Christmas."
"The product is okay, I've owned shavers before this one isn't any better then those in the past.  It will serve the purpose for now."
Excellent gift for my son in law. He has defuzzed all of his sweaters already and loves it. Good choice
"This thing removes all the nasty fuzzballs that make otherwise nice sweaters and coats look old. So far I have used this on a wool coat, cashmere sweater, and even thin cotton sweaters. I followed the instructions posted by other reviewers and kept the items completely flat before gently running the fabric shaver over the affected surface. No cuts or tears in the fabric, and a ton of lint comes off the clothing. Super handy and fun to use. It would be nice if it could plug into the wall to charge, as C batteries can get expensive. I have used this item approximately 8 times and haven't had to change the battery yet, so the energy efficiency remains to be seen. Overall, I think this product is fantastic."
the weight balance is totally off on this and it broke the first time I used it. I taped it back together and it works great on most things. Its not as effective on wider knits sweaters
Worked like a charm.  Renewed my sweater. I had a beautiful vest and it shaved all the pill and I feel good wearing that vest/sweater again.
It works like a charm but the canister that holds the lint slides off sometimes while in use resulting in a large lint mess.
This is such an excellent fuzzball razo! I have had one other before this one and it totally pales in comparison. The larger handle and head is easier to grip and doesn't take as long to complete the task at hand...no punintended!
"This little ""gadget"" is a must-have.  I didn't realize how many sweaters I had that needed to be spruced up and made to look brand new again.  Simple to use, gobbles up all those unsightly fuzz balls in an instant."
Only sweater shaver I've found that works to perfection and a great price.  I was going to donate my sweater until I tried this shaver on all the fuzz to make it look renewed.
"It is doing exactly what I expected it to do.  Planning to buy another one for a gift, to a friend."
"This shaver really improves the look of used clothing items as long as we are selective about which items we use it on.  With thinner materials, it sometimes creates holes but for thicker materials, it cleans them up nicely.  We have used it so much already, we already had to change the battery!  Emptying out the fuzz is easy too.  Very happy with this product!"
"This has been a lifesaver! No more living with pills, and my family's socks are so happy :)
my only problem is that now I have to buy another one because my son ""stole"" mine, he keeps it in his room."
"This product did a great job in removing the accumulated fuzz balls on my sweaters--much better than I had expected it to do. My only complaints are that the compartment which catches the fuzz is too small--has to be emptied frequently. Secondly, it kept popping off the shaver. It needs a better way to keep it locked on."
"I was skeptical about how well this would work because I had another sweater shaver that would take me about 2 hours just to clear a single sleeve of fuzz.  This one however, is amazing.  It takes C batteries which gives it so much more power.  It sounds like a little weed wacker when you turn it on.  I had a very bad looking sweater that I went right to work on and in less than an hour it was completely clean.  Within minutes the fuzz trap was half full with lint which proved to me how well it worked.  I ended up having to empty the fuzz trap three times before being finished which some people have complained about but I didn't find it to be a problem.  Be very careful, this will put small holes in your clothes if you are too forceful with pushing the shaver down.  I noticed as I was shaving the sweater that I was seeing little pinholes and I thought it was because the sweater was fairly old.  Then I finally realized I was doing it with the shaver.  Once I realized this I just kept the sweater over my flat palm while running the shaver over it and it worked fine and I didn't have any more holes.  I highly recommend this product and I just ordered another one for a friend of mine."
"What can I add to the other glowing reviews?  Not much, except to reaffirm that this is a great fabric shaver.  I used it on our comforter and it removed the pilling very easily and quickly.  It comes in a small box that is great to store it in as well.  Love it!"
"Arrived fast and on time. Came in original packaging, works great! Brand new, no complaints. Highly recommend this product. Done."
This is a great little gadget... its powerful enough for a tough job like a wool coat. The only problem and the reason i did not give it 5 stars is that it had was the super short battery life with no plug. You are completely restricted to battery life.
"I chose the Fuzz Wizard because its description and reviews indicated that it could be used to remove pills from delicate fabric without damage. So far, it has generally met my expectations. It effectively removes pills and fuzz from clothing, and when used carefully, it has not ripped or otherwise damaged thin cotton or other delicate fabrics. It works somewhat slowly compared to some other fabric shavers, and it can take a while to use on a garment with lots of pills and/or fuzz, but it does (eventually) do a terrific job of removing even tiny pills.  The careful use of this product made several thin, delicate (but badly pilled) shirts look almost like new.
I find that the fabric guard (a plastic ring that snaps over the head) seems basically useless, as it keeps the shaving head too far from the fabric. So even on delicate fabrics, I just use the Fuzz Wizard without the fabric guard. As long as the fabric is kept completely flat and somewhat taut, the device does not tear or rip the fabric."
It made my sweaters look brand new. It works really well and it is affordable. I bought two one for me and one for my wife.
Very good quality... Exactly what I need to shirts.. I could not find them in store and it was really a good buy and useful.
"Great product. Made my daughter's favorite jacket new again. I have used this on my sweaters as well, works great. Great price and arrived quickly."
"Fuzz wizard does what it is suppose to do, gets rid of fuzz. Happy with product, no complaints just yet."
"This is the best fabric shaver I've ever owned. It does a great job. Great price, too. I highly recommend it."
have a few pure wool shirts that get piles on them even dry cleaning the piles are there this removes them us just use care it seems strong enough that with to cut a hole in the wool
I've tried a lot of fabric shavers during my life and this one works the better than any that I have purchased before.
Very useful tool. I have many sweaters that have pulls and balls of wool that make them look unsightly. This tool has enabled me to wear all my old favorites again.
"And, when I tried to put the batteries in, they didn't fit right.  I have yet to use this and am a bit frustrated with the product's quality and functionality."
"I have never used a fabric shaver before so I cannot compare it to any other but I happen to LOVE this shaver!  I had purchased a coat which I absolutely loved.  BUT in a very short time, after a few wearings, the sleeves which consist of some type of stretchy knit fabric had tons of pills on it that looked horrible! I was embarrassed to wear the coat like that. I decided to purchase this or would have to get rid of the coat. I am so glad that i tried this first. It is incredible. I went over the sleeves of the coat with a very light touch and the pills were completely GONE!!  Almost as if the coat was in brand new, never worn, condition.  Just follow the directions that come with the shaver and it will do it's job. I cannot review the longevity of the product since I only used it once but I can honestly say the price I paid for it was worth just using it once and saving my coat.
I would recommend this to anyone needing a fabric shaver."
"I've had several different shavers of this sort, and this one is definitely the best I've had. It does a nice job, and it also comes with a protective cover for more delicate fabrics."
"This machine actually does everything it is supposed to do and more.  It removed all of the little frizz balls from tons of sweaters! Now my sweaters looks like new! I've saved tons of money because I use the dryel, dryclean in your dryer product and now I have the Fuzz Wizard to finish the Job!!! I love it!!"
This fabric shaver saved a lot of clothes that I would've otherwise thrown away.  Super value for money!  Love it!
"I like it, I really do.  It works very well.  I would prefer that it was larger though.  The one that I broke before I bought this one was twice the size."
"Instructions read ""...NOT intendedfor use on angora, cashmere, mohair or antique fabrics.""  I wanted it primarily for use on my cashmere sweaters and don't know how I missed that when ordering."
This product did not even last long enough to do the front of one sweater. Just stopped working. I tried changing batteries but that wasn't the problem. Not worth returning because it isn't worth the cost of postage. Chalk it up to a complete loss.
I have a bunch of sweaters that were only good enough for in the house or doing chores - a few minutes with the Fabric Shaver and they're back to work-worthy! Good product!
This is the best fuzz remover yet. Quiet and easy to handle and clean. Does a great job of removing all that unwanted fuzz without any damage to garment. Great pricing
I've tried SO many fabric shavers and this is the best one I've tried so far. Works well on all fabric also.
The fabric shaver works well and is easy to use. It made my clothes look new again. It removed all fuzz and pilling on fabric. This is just what I was looking for.
"I've had this for a couple of years now. Still works great, no problems. I've used it on sweaters, coats, t-shirts (gently) and sweatshirts. You just have to be VERY careful with thinner, delicate fabrics - it can catch on them and leave a little hole (therefore, it would be best to avoid using it on anything delicate). Works fantastic for getting lint fuzzies off of my wool coat. A must-have if you wear a backpack on a regular basis too! My pack always leaves little balls along the bottom edge of my shirts and sweaters in the back where it rubs while walking. This product has definitely exceeded my expectations!"
I use this to refresh my sweaters. It does a great job on my sweaters. The blades stay sharp. It revitalised so many sweaters that it has paid for itself.
"I had a clothes shaver like this when I was a kid...and I love having one in the house again!  I do agree that the storage container is a bit too small, but overall it works well."
"I realize items must be packaged such that they are more difficult to steal from store shelves but this is just a small package and anyone could take the entire plastic encased package. My question becomes..why must this item be encased in heavy, heavy plastic and sealed so tightly that it almost takes an engineering degree and heavy equipment to get to it? I kid you not, it required a young man with a knife to get through the plastic and retrieve the shaver I purchased."
"I wasn't sure about this, was afraid it was going to be kinda' cheap and cheesy.  But it works as well or better than some more expensive versions I've seen.  Works well on many different kinds of fabrics, Easy to open up to empty the shaved off pills.  Batteries last a long time."
"Oh my gosh did you ever realize how many things in your home need to be shaved?! From sweaters, to decorative pillows, my daughter's toys, to the office chair I am shaving EVERYTHING! I have not encountered any problems with the shaver, in fact every I have shaved looks 10x better. I was surprised how long the batteries last (btw C batteries are NOT included) and I am loving this item."
I bought this to help de-fuzz a carpet and it's worked great - much better than the smaller tools that you find.
This is the 2nd fabric shaver I've had- the first lasted 5+ years of pretty heavy use (I live in a place where the winters are very cold so I have lots of wool clothing).  This product stopped working after 1 sweater.  Back to the women's shaver method for me I guess.
"I'm pleasantly surprised! My sweaters are almost new again. My only complaint is that it fills up fast, but that could be due to the amount of pilling my sweaters have. Totally worth the money."
"Disappointing product.  Small head, takes forever to cover the front and back of a sweater.  Slow to remove fuzz, power poor, battery power began to run out (new batteries) in 10 minutes. I was happiest about how easy this product was to return.  And I mean that sincerely----good five-star customer service."
"This shaver works pretty well on tightly woven sweaters when held very flat on a hard surface.  Just a point of clarification, I have owned mine for several years; so, the blade may be getting dull since it seemed to work better previously."
"This is exactly what I needed!  It does a great job on every fabric.  As the directions state, DO be careful with some fabric.  I put a couple of holes in a sock, but it's so great!"
"This is a great defuzzer, the only downside is that it seems to get tired or warm after about 30 minutes of use, even with brand new batteries. It covers a lot more area than a similar one that I bought at the Container Store."
Was able to save a very good sweater.  This is the second fabric shaver I've bought...this one was inexpensive and it WORKS!
The shaving surface is smaller than I expected.  I haven't tried using it yet. I am out of things to say so I am filling my review with words so I can hit send.
"Fuzz Wizard from Amazon
fuzz cleaner worked. It has a bad switch which just slides but makes no connection when pushed. DON'T BUY IT!"
"Excellent tool to remove the fabric pills on all types of clothing and other cloth item around the house! Work very well and makes clothing look a 100% better! East to use and fairly light even though it requires two ""C"" cell batteries. East to clean and store. Well worth the money!"
I read all the reviews and this one seemed the best.  It is!  I've done 20 plus sweaters and continually use it.
"had been looking for one for my work sweaters which I wear everyday.
priced nice for how well it works.
should've ordered sooner, my sweaters look like new again."
"Poor quality, don't waste your money.  Power low, hardly shaved a thing, had to press really hard, and still it worked poorly.  My previous shaver was MUCH better."
"I've used the shaver on my leggings and they reduced the pilling by at least 90%, so this product is definitely the real deal for the price :) just make sure to use a flat surface!!"
Was just what I was looking for.  The old-fashioned tried-and-true wins again.  Now I feel less sloppy when I wear clothes that can pill.
Thought I was going to have to buy a new comforter but this razor made it look almost new again.great product!
Pretty good.  It works  better than any other shaver I've tried.  It was a big improvement in the way my sweaters looked before i have the shaver.
"I am pleased with the results of the shaver. However one day it was sitting near my sink, fell into the sink and shattered! It is a good buy if you want to wrap it in a satin pillow every night to make sure it stays in one piece!"
"It doesn't appear very sturdy. I don't think it should be advertised as ""professional quality"".  I seems to be much like one I purchased in a drug store, for considerably less ---only it is larger.-"
"This is super.  The only drawback is that the reservoir looks bigger than it is, and has to be emptied more often, but my sweaters needed this, so now that I keep up with the pill balls, it's not so bad.  My sweaters look brand new!"
"Im happy with this purchase, it really did remove the lint from all my sweater and my coats. Keep in mind that it takes a few go overs to get all the lint removed. Overall, it's a great lint remover."
"This Shaver does not work for me.  The reason I purchased it is because I have a smaller version (different brand name - ""evercare"") that I used mostly to pick up lint from my carpet (that comes from my grandson walking around in socks), it worked excellently for this; but was slow process.

So I decided if I get a larger version of the fabric shaver, this way so I thought, I could get the lint up quicker.  However, this was not the case.  This shaver (Fuzz Wizard) picked up no lint, even after several passes over the same area.  One would think this one would be more powerful, since it was larger.  Not worth asking for a refund for the small price, so I'll just throw it in the drawer with the other useless items I have purchased."
This is surprisingly a great little shaver! It does what it is advertised to do. It is much more powerful than others I have owned. If you need to save some pilly sweaters - give this a go!
"This is a nice little shaver that works well.  I have not tried it on fragile fabrics, but my cotton and wool garments held up great."
"I've just purchased this product, and used it on upholstry fabric, sweaters, and cotton sweat pants; it worked very well on all.  I was pleasantly surprised by the speed and effectiveness at removing balling, etc.  Very happy so far."
"I had another battery-operated sweater shaver that was getting along in years (although still functional), so I have some basis for comparison with this model. All I can say is that if I'd know what I was missing, I would have ditched the other one long ago. This one is heaver - due to the two 'C' batteries - but does so much better a job that you wouldn't even think they were basically the same product. Worth every penny and then some."
"Pros: This shaver made my thick fuzzy sweaters look new again. I also used it on some fleece tops with good results.

Cons:The lint cup fills up fast but the results are worth it. It takes 2 ""C"" batteries that are not included."
"As my title says, how well this fuzz shaver works for you mostly depends on your shaving ""techinique"".
I have experimented with it on a microfiber dish towel, a faux fur, plushy throw blanket, a terry cloth robe, and a pair of thick fleece pajama pants.  Along the way, I have definitely discovered that no matter what type of fabric you plan on shaving, always, ALWAYS USE THE FABRIC GUARD RING!  The couple times I tried to de-fuzz something without the ring, it snagged and pulled some of the threads out and were it not for my lightning quick reflexes, would have eaten, shredded and most likely have left a big hole in the fabric!

I found that the ""bump & swipe"" method to work best for most fabrics and seems to be the safest way also...  I will try my best to explain this technique:
First I drape part of the towel/garment over the back of the sofa and pick up the other end with one hand, making sure it is pulled somewhat taut before I start shaving it.  I find it works much better if the area you're doing is not laying against anything so that when you ""bump"" the fabric, you can press against it a bit harder without the fear that it will eat the material since it will ""give"" as much as it needs to with nothing behind it.

Next, I just ""bump"" the fabric gently and quickly in a straight down and swipe motion, making sure to never leave the shaving surface touching the fabric for more than a second at a time and always keep it moving!  This is the key to ensure the safety of your garment since the longer the shaving surface sits on one spot, the higher the likelihood of the blades catching a thread and pulling everything in behind it!  So no matter what technique you find works best for you, always keep it moving!

Also, I find you need fewer passes if you ""swipe"" against the grain of the fabric, otherwise it just flattens it which makes it much harder (if not impossible) to catch and cut the fuzzies.  I also put a piece of scotch tape on the compartment that holds all the shaven fuzz because it doesn't lock into place very tightly and since it happens to be the part of the unit that you wrap your fingers around when you're using it, it has a tendency to slide open when it's on, which blows all the fuzz back out onto the garment that you have been so patiently de-fuzzing for the last 10 minutes, lol...

As for battery comsumption, it seems to be on par with what I expected.  Not great, not terrible.  I have used it for about 4-5 sessions so far, with each session averaging 10-15 minutes in length and I just noticed during the last use that it seemed weaker and not as loud and powerful as previous times...

I took one star off because of the slight learning curve and the too loose fuzz compartment and I would not recommend attempting to do any of your more valuable garments until you feel comfortable and skilled enough in your technique, and also because it is a bit time-consuming, but overall, I would definitely recommend buying this because with a little patience, it will revive your clothing and make them look new again!"
"I had quit wearing my favorite fleece jacket as it had too many ""pills"" all over it and a couple of my fleece pullovers were too bad to wear as well but after a little time this device saved all the clothes I had not been wearing due to ""pills""!!  This was a great purchase, I'm even sharing it with friends."
Gets rid of ALL the fuzz!!!  Great product.  My friend had one and always defuzzed me! I really wanted and needed one of my own! Love!!
So I decided to unfuzz a wool coat and a hat that have been looking pretty rough. I received my Fuzz Wizard pretty quickly and took some time over the weekend to try it out. I have to say it does a pretty good job and I was able to do both garments on one set of batteries. For the price I think I did pretty well.
"This worked great for 6 months & even though it did pull the fabric once in a while, overall it did a good job. Suddenly, however, it simply stopped working; it won't turn on at all. I tried new batteries but no luck. I need a new one & based on my experience with this one, I decided to buy an oreck fabric shaver from their website as they have a warranty. Would not purchase this item again."
This fuzz remover works very well.  It's kind of loud but they all are.  it does the job.  It also comes with an attachment for more delicate items to keep it from snagging.  I would recommend this product.
"I've tried everything. Save time and money - Just get the Izumi Sweater Shaver instead and RESTORE your knitted items to like NEW condition&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Izumi-Sweater-Shaver/dp/B000E1FGHW/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Izumi Sweater Shaver</a>"
"This is my second one.  My first one lasted a few years until I dropped it on the tile floor (it is a little unwieldly to use and can be a bit slippery so you have to be careful).  But for the price, I was more than willing to buy another one since it works great!  Just be careful and don't press too hard.  Gets all the little fuzzies off my clothes and makes them look smooth and sleek again.  Highly recommend!"
"The packaging for this product did not come in as shown.  It looked like it was just thrown together and a cardboard box was wrapped around it.  I found the brush inside the box - not wrapped up with the other items.
Also, the sweater protector piece as shown was NOT included with my shipment."
This has revived so many of my sweaters. It removes all the fuzz. It takes a few times to get rid of them all but it works. Really great product.
"I love this product.......it really works and well worth the money!! I have used it a hand full of times and it makes cloths look brand new, just make sure you lay the fabric out flat so you don't get a hole."
I received my fabric shaver last week and what a disappointment.  It is very poorly made.  There are 2 slide-on covers (one for the battery and one for the sweater clippings) and neither one of them stays on.  I had to shave with a death grip to keep them from falling off while I used it the first time. I guess I will have to wrap it with duct tape.  It shaves adequately but the power wasn't anything outstanding.  The shaving power is comparable to one a had a few years back that was 2/3 the price.
Just bought this product and it works great.  It saved my two favorite sweaters.  They looked horrible and now they look like new again.
"An excellent product. Right out of the box and within 10 minutes saved few sweaters and hats from being tossed out. The blades are pretty sharp, so one should be careful around kids and pets. Just for the fun of it I tried shaving and it worked )))

+ Quiet, efficient, rather small and easy to operate
+ Gets the work done in just few seconds one can see the results (sofa cover clean, sweaters and beanie hats look brand new, both woolen and acrylic

Cons are not really big and are more of a thought, but just want people out there to know what they are getting:

- Requires 2 x C2 batteries
Rather than AA - that means there are very few rechargeable C batteries out there, and even fewer that are environmentally friendly so one has to purchase more of regular C batteries. I went with these one (with coupon and subscription): http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000FD6RTA/ref=oh_details_o00_s00_i00

- The price is more than affordable, so you get what you paid for. The build is slightly cheap, feels very plasticky as if it won't last long

- Can easily damage light/thin textiles, like base layer pants or woolen stockings or dry-fit workout acrylic shirts, so just have to be careful and work with such materials on a flat surface.

- Canister gets filled really quick so have to clean quite often."
"My wife recently was some of my Under Armour Cold gear accidentally with some towels. Man what a mess, there were little Pilsl stuck to the knit like material of the Cold Gear, I thought they were ruined. Not! Ordered this little guy and took about 5 minutes or so to get all the pills that were stuck to the UA garments, now they look brand new. Thanks for a great product."
It works great definitely worth the money. It shaves all the little pills out without damaging the fabric and you even get the fabric protector for delicate fabrics
"This fuzz buster has been great on cleaning up ""fuzzballed"" clothing.  I buy a lot of my baby's clothing second hand and then I also re-sell it at consignments.  This has been wonderful in making things look like new after a few washes which has led to many great deals at consignment when people sell something all balled up thinking ""wow this looks awful..$0.50..."" and I take it home, spend 2 minutes defuzzing it and have a like new item again!  The problem is..I dropped it on my hardwood floor.  It must have landed just perfectly but after the drop, I couldn't keep the battery compartment door on and it won't stay on at all unless you press and hold the power button tightly (normally you don't hold it at all).  I was so happy with the fuzz wizard though, I just bought a second one to replace the damaged first one.  It has saved me more than the cost of it!"
"This product works great for de-fuzzing things.  The place for the fuzz is pretty small, but it's not hard to open and remove the fuzz.  I had a smaller one that used AA batteries and it worked okay, but with the C batteries this one works much better.  I am de-fuzzing everything in site.

I would recommend this one."
"The lint cup fills quite quickly if you're doing big jobs, and you have to be careful on certain fabrics.  Overall, this was worth the $10.  Ours was not DOA like other reviewers have mentioned."
"does a good job, but this thing eats batteries...a coupla Duracell C batteries were put in and after maybe 10 minutes of total usage time, I can feel they are on the ways out already....I don't know if these things are sometimes sold with plugs, but an ac adapter model would be what I would be looking for next...For occassional use, its great and eats up the lint!!"
"I use this shaver a lot since I bought it...My clothes are getting a make over.
The bigger size nozzle helps to cover a bigger area at the time..."
"It does a good job, but I have a problem with it.  Almost immediately after I started to use it I saw a little metal piece lying on my sweater.  I took the top off and it was part of one of the blades.  It worked pretty well, despite this, but would probably be more efficient if it had the whole blade.  I wrote to Amazon and explained the situation, and asked if there are replacement blades available.  I have received no reply."
This small machine does wonders. Renew your clothes in a blink of the eye. I'm very satisfied wi my purchase
"Ive had another brand of shaver before that took two double A batteries, but this takes two C's. The power is noticeable. We use this on everything from socks to sweaters to flannels."
"This device does its basic job--it removes fuzz and loose threads from the surface of fabric.  I shopped among several models, including electric ones, and chose the Fuzz Wizard based on its positive reviews and low cost.  It converted a rather dingy looking wool sweater/coat that I have to like new condition.  Battery life may be an issue for those with multiple garments to shave, but this worked fine for me and I recommend it."
I had one of these little machines years ago. This works like a charm to get rid of fuzzies on soft sweaters. (Don't press too hard!)
"Had decided to toss my family room couch before I was told the frame was good quality.  Then considered paying for recovering but after looking around on the net...decided to buy this product. When it arrived, I was disappointed at the size of the holes----I had no faith it was going to work. Not only did it work well, my couch looks brand new. Washed all the covers and with a good vacuuming I have saved myself tons of  money and hassle of shopping for a new couch for our new home.  My only regret is not taking a before and after picture.....the difference is really dramatic!!"
I chose this fabric shaver because of the large head and it had good ratings. I really love it. The first thing I used it on was a jogging suit (navy blue) that had fuzz all over it from being washed with other things by someone else.  It was full of lint and fuzz. I used the shaver and it did a fantastic job.
"I like it.  Not something I use often, but definitely have a need for.  It's a great buy for anyone."
"The fuzz wizard works, just not as well as I would have hoped. It removes a vast majority of the larger lint/pills, but it doesn't get everything and it takes a couple go arounds to get it. I used it one time on a thinner sweater and it ripped a hole right in the material, luckily, I took it back to the store and had it replaced. Watch out for your favorite sweaters! I would not recommend using it on them."
I tried to figure out how it works because I didn't see any sort of blades but it works like a charm.  It works so well I am going to buy another one. an electric one would be awesome.
"Who doesn't have that sweater you love but it has those ugly fiber pills? This Fuzz Wizard is just what I needed to safely remove them.

I researched other shavers trying to replace an old one I loved and lost during my last move. While this one is about twice the old shaver's size, I love it. It shaves twice as much of the surface.

Tip: rather than quickly running over the fabric, move in slow, methodical back and forth movements. That allows the blades to safely shave the pills off and reduces the risk of cutting a hole in your prized garment."
This is a fuzz buster....Works great and got it in no time at all! Takes all the fuzz off black sweats!
We used this on multiple types of my wife's sweaters and it works great - even on cashmere. Very pleased.
I hate having little fuzzies on my sweaters and knit gloves.  This takes care of them like no other and makes me look fabulous!  Pay extra attention to finer fabrics and handle with care.
"Absolutely perfect for felt or heavy wool coats that have a tendency to ball up and look ugly.  This thing is fast, effective, and durable."
"It is a little hard to empty the fuzz from the fuzz container but my sweaters look great, nearly new."
Does what it's supposed to. A little slow but I guess that's to protect the fabric. Easy to clean and use.
"It works well.  My fuzzy electric blanket took several nights.  I just folded my blanket into a rectangle and each night would shave a 2 X 2 foot square.  Took a lot of time, but this little bugger got it done.  The blanket looks like new."
"This fabric shaver keeps all my clothes looking like new.  It gets rid of the small ""pills"" of fabric you accumulate."
Works ok. Had a cheaper one that lasted for 6 years that worked better.  For the $10 spent it works alright but I would not purchase again.
"I used to think that any product advertised on T.V. was a rip-off.  I also thought that a device like this would go through batteries so fast that the cost of using it would be prohibitive.  I stand corrected, however, because neither is the case.  This device is great.  I have restored several sweaters, jackets, and a pair of wool pants to like new status.  It's kind of fun to do, too."
"After using this on my fleece pants, they look tons better. Removing the pils makes everything look newer and cleaner. Wish I'd bought this sooner."
This product is great  - does its job. Helps my clothes stay looking brand new and is not flimsy. Good price as well.
"I already owned one of these fabric shavers, and unfortunately it fell and never quite worked the same after that.  I looked around town everywhere to find the exact same model; however, no one locally carried this Fuzz Wizard anymore.  I ended up buying another brand model, and I was really disappointed.  I was thrilled when I realized that Amazon offered the actual Fuzz Wizard and I purchased two immediately.
It is absolutely the best shaver out there.  It deserves 5 stars; however, if you purchase this beware that this shaver is very powerful and has made a few holes in some of my delicate materials like modal.  However, if you are looking for a great wool/sweater thicker fabric shaver then look no further...the Fuzz Wizard is the best out there."
I love love love this! Works amazingly! Easy to use and makes your clothes look like new again. A must have!!
If your on the fence about it don't be. Buy this you will not be dissappointed. works so well it made my clothes look new again. it does take time but soo soo worth it.
"As I write this, I want to point out that I've used this product only once. I, too, may be disappointed later on if it gives out the way it did for other reviewers. But right now, my experience is entirely positive. I used it on an item that had a lot of pilling and it cleaned it up perfectly. Looks like new now."
"Dead out of the box. Thats really awesome. Who makes this shit? Is this the best we can do? I bought this because of the good reviews. DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT. The whole lot ought to be recalled. I think this is the only time in my life something didn't work right out of the box. Its not a big purchase I know, but thats just ridiculous. Junk like this should never even make it to the US market. Unacceptable!"
Did not work out of package. Don't waste your time like I did. Bad bad bad bad bad bad BAD!
My cashmere sweaters tend to pill and this shaver (with the extra fabric guard) works great at removing them without damaging the fabric at all.
"This little pill shaver is just the ticket! It arrived today and I've used it so far on wool, cashmere, and acrylic sweaters that I was ready to toss. Now they look new! I have used the stone to do this in the past, but was not happy with the grit (everywhere!) and the fact that the pills just got bigger and landed on the floor and wherever else they happened to land. This little shaver not only gets rid of the pills, but it also stashes them in a plastic compartment that you periodically empty. A great tool - worth every penny. The only difficulty was getting the batteries in - a very tight fit."
"I've used this once so far on a regular cotton blend shirt and it worked ok. A little of the fuzzies came off, but not all. I really didn't have time go over it over and over. It comes with a fabric guard for delicate fabrics, which I think is a good idea. It didn't damage the fabric at all. I will definetly give it another try on something else. Its a nice gaget to  have around the house."
"I thought about it like this: If I can save even one sweater or sweatshirt from the donate pile, it will have paid for itself.  I'll be able to save much more than just one!  I whipped it out last night for the first time (that's what she said) because I wanted to save a beloved (relatively expensive) cardigan that I just couldn't bare to part with until I had tried everything.  And it worked like a charm.  If you have a lot of work to do with it, you'll have to clear out the collection chamber a few times, but it's super easy/quick to do so.  Remarkable improvement.  I also used it on an old hoodie because there's an odd satisfaction that comes with little victories like this that makes you want to keep going.  It saved that too.  It's already paid for itself multiple tmies over.  Just get it."
"It removes some balls after 20 mins shaving, but it also makes the surface of my sweater fuzzy. It doesn't come with batteries. Be careful if you are going to use it on an expensive sweater."
This is a very weak item. It broke after the first use on a t-shirt! The fan blades and/or motor are not comparable to similar fabric shavers
"This is a great product.  I had not wanted to buy any new sweaters this year, because my closet was full of them.  The only thing was they were looking weathered.  I use this fabric shaver on sweaters, coats, and pants to take those knots off.  It works great.  As with anything be careful do not rush in like a bull in a china closet, take your time and the results will be great."
"I bought this to use on some knitted clothes (as in knitting needles) that have developed a halo of fuzz. The name of this product is ""Fuzz"" Wizard Fabric ""Shaver"" so I assumed it would work for getting rid of this frayed halo of fuzz on my sweaters and other knitted stuff. I first tried it on a sweater. The sweater has large knitt, made from yarn. Nothing. I then tried on some knitted (again knitted with knitting needles) fingerless gloves, again, large knit with thick yarn. Again, nothing. Litterally, no change at all. The halo on these two items was made up of frayed fibers of yarn 0.5 to 2 inches in length. These were too long to get sucked into the small holes on the front of the shaver. I was very disappointed by this, and feel the descritpion and name of this item is missleading in this way. It does not remove ""fuzz"" and doesn't in my opinion ""shave"" anything. I ended up using a pair of sizzors and just trimming the halo off. Side note, even after trimming, when the frayed fibers were less than half an inch in length, this shaver still didn't change anything.

But, I tried on a pair of slacks that has pilled quite badly. The pills were small on a stretchy, knit fabric. Worked like a charm. I was surprised, after my first attempts, and pleased at how well it worked. It made those slacks look brand new. And fast! I ran the shaver over the fabric while I was wearing them, and I could hear the blades chopping through the pills. It took only one pass for the fabric to be left smooth, unmarked and without pills.

So, depending on what you want to use this for, it could work wonderfully or not at all."
"this is a wise investment.  you can save a lot of money by renewing fabrics (sweaters, clothing, furniture) instead of replacing them with new ones.  a very good idea."
"I purchased this based on reviews I read on Amazon. I needed it for my sofa. A fairly new blanket left pilings all over the sofa. The blanket was black. It's now in the garbage. Who needs a blanket that sheds like a cat? Don't get me wrong I like cats. But I didn't buy a cat. I bought a blanket. Just so you understand.

Anyway, my sofa has caramel beige, nubby upholstery that willfully cling to every one of those little black pilings. A vacuum did nothing except annoy me. So it was either a fabric shaver (of which I've never used) or spending the next year of my life picking off these pilings by hand because the sight of them ticked me off.

This fabric shaver worked. However, I did put my back into it. It took about an hour to shed (or is that shave?) my sofa completely. A large sofa. A great many pilings. The downside, in my eyes, was the collector cap (covers the pilings storage chamber) had a tendency to slip off easily and often. There were times when I had to maneuver the shaver in such a way because I was intent on getting every piling. The result: spilling the pilings right back onto the sofa. As it was now a concentrated pile, it wasn't so bad. Keep in mind, I never allowed the chamber to get full so that wasn't the reason. I think it's a product flaw. Still for the money, it's less of an inconvenience than having a black-piling-speckled sofa. Now I don't have to throw my sofa out of the window."
"I own a men's consignment store, so I get lots of items in that are badly in need of a shaving. This is the best shaver I've ever used, with one exception. The lint catcher comes undone very easily when I turn the shaver off, so I end up with fuzz balls on the floor. I jury-rigged a fix by putting some velcro on it, so it doesn't slide down so easily. I've been using it for about 2-3 weeks now and am very satisfied."
"The only thing I don't like about this shaver is that I've run out of things to de-fuzz.  A common complaint I see in negative reviews is ""it power-chewed its way through some flimsy material I shouldn't have gone near it with"".....

It has rotating blades which spin and create suction to pull tiny bits of fuzz into the storage chamber. Logic tells me that pressing it against something the thickness of tissue paper MIGHT not be such a hot idea, but what do I know.  It's like marking an iron down because you turned it on high, placed it on some polyester and walked away.  Is it reaaaaaally the iron's fault?  The description even says: Fuzz Wizard features a powerful motor with extra large shaving head for quick and easy removal of fuzz, pilling and loose threads from your favorite sweaters, coats, blankets, furniture upholstery and more!

Don't let the operator errors disuade you from purchasing this little guy.  It works well, I think the cordlessness is a plus, and I'm still on my first set of C batteries.

As far as technique, I have found that using an ironing board that you can flatten and smooth the fabric on should greatly reduce or eliminate mishaps.  I have hypocritally shorn several light cotton blend shirts with no issues. I love it!

**Update 1/2/13** Still fabric shaving like a maniac on my first set of C batteries - Still love it!!!"
I bought this to shave a large linen sectional couch that pills really bad and becomes dingy looking! Fuzz Wizard can cover a large area quickly and made the couch look new again.
"It doesn't make things look NEW but it does make things look BETTER, particularly with synthetic stretchy fabrics that should have been dry-cleaned but weren't. It's also strangely entertaining to use. The first week I had this thing I thought I was going to end up on ""My Strange Addiction."""
"I really like this product and you can use it on clothing items as well as things like blankets and bed sheets. It works really well but it can be time-consuming if you have a large item to take care of because you have to go over the same area a couple of times.

The product has held up well over many uses and there's very little maintenance. You do have to remove the lint quite often but it means it's working and removing the lint!

This only creates holes if you use it on really thin items and if you press too hard so the trick is to be careful.

It works and it's also fun to use so I would recommend it to others."
"I bought the Fuzz Wizard to cut hundreds of ""loose ends"" of threads sticking out of my terry cloth bathrobe -- expecting that it would snip them right off.

Well, it didn't quite work that way.  I had to go back and forth a lot over the same threads to finally cut them.  The Fuzz Wizard seemed much more interested in ""shaving"" the general height of the cotton threads overall than cutting the loose ones -- which I guess is what it's mostly designed to do. Still, it seems like it could have been more efficient at cutting my loose thread ends.

However... it finally did a good enough job to make the robe presentable - saving me $100 for now -- so I am happy.  I'm going to try it on some of my other worn clothes and blankets and see.

The container that collects the fuzz/lint is indeed too small.  Have a garbage can next to you when you're fuzz busting as you will have to empty the container often."
My friend recommended this product when I complained about my new sweater getting fur balls.  I searched online and found this one.  The first trim left my sweater almost like a new.  It is easy to handle and well-designed. The price is right too.
"I am a big fan of shaving my clothes to keep them looking fresh and new. As such, I have used quite a few shavers, and this is one of the best. It gives a nice close shave and the two C batteries last a really long time. I can do a quite a few garments before having to change out the batteries. There are occasions where it has snagged and torn a hole in a garment, but I think this is a risk you take when shaving clothes, and moving slowly and steadily will minimize this risk. You will be amazed at how much fuzz this thing gathers."
I've had this for a while now and it still works great. I have 2 other ones that don't work worth a poo. This one is good though. Better design and better quality. Great for all my fuzzy sweaters.
"Large size head for large area to treat at a time. also, light weight. Must have product for all households to remove clothes pimples."
"Excellent product and service, I looked it for a long time in stores, but I am convinced that Amazon.com is better option to buy. Thank you!!!"
"I absolutely love the way it works.  I had a red sweater that was covered with white lint.  I shaved it and ALL of the lint was removed.

My only complaint is that the lint catcher is hard to open.  There maybe a secret to opening it, however I haven't found it yet.

I would recommend this sweater shaver."
"This item was shipped to me promptly, but it sucks! It doesn't work very well at all. In addition to that I was trying to take some fuzz off of a pair of pants, and it cut a chunk out of the pants! They're no longer wearable! Now not only do I have a fuzz wizard that barely works, but I have a ruined pair of 75$ pants! I don't recommend this to anyone! Its not good at all!"
"I had a really nice sweater that had become unwearable due to unsightly pills. I bought this hoping to revive the sweater, and it worked like a charm. It's not the most robust construction, so I can only hope it lasts a decent amount of time, but so far I can give it the thumbs up."
"I can't compare this fabric shaver to any of the other, more expensive ones you will find on Amazon as the only other product I tried was one of those little 2X2 inch jobs you find at drug stores costing $4-5 (which was useless).

However, this Fuzz Wizard is appropriately named! It took a beloved sweater that was covered with pills and fuzz balls so badly that it was embarrassingly unwearable and made it like new again. Way to go!

On the downside, the fuzz container is way too small - I had to empty it at least ten times for that one sweater. Also, the batteries-only, lack of power adapter design is a shortcoming. I guess you can't ask for too much for the price but I dinged it one star for these two deficiencies. Other than that - highly recommended."
"This was more more a replacement item for me. I had a smaller, cheaper one and it just isn't up to the job anymore.
When I received this, I couldn't wait to get started on some items of clothing I had in my closet that really needed a good ""shaving"". I opened the package and put in the 2 C batteries I bought the other day just for this. It's a really nice size and fits well in my hand. Not too heavy and not too flimsy that it wouldnt work properly (Like the old one I had) I took out a pair of French Terry capri pants and went to work on them. I had to work at it really hard, but I could see all the fuzz and pills coming off right away.
 Did it end up looking like new? No, of course not. I didn't expect it to, it's about 10 years old! But I can say it certainly is wearable again. Before I used the Fuzz Wizard I wouldn't be caught leaving the house wearing it in the condition it was in.
 The lint holder pops off and is well contained ,so that lint doesnt go everywhere. It is the size one would expect from an item like this. You cant make a really big lint holder and keep the shaver itself a nice, small size for easy use.
 Now I have my work cut out for me because I have a lot of other items I need to shape up. It will be nice to wear some of these items again."
"Received this shaver a few days ago.  Used one my favorite sweat tops to see how it would work.  Uses two C cell batteries and the ones I used are new.  When I got it to work the motor reminded me of the child's story about the ""Little Engine That Could.""  Once had a small travel fabric shaver whose motor apparently roared compared to this shaver.  Eventually got the nubs off my shirt but it took way too long.  I kept waiting for the shaver to die.  Will try it again soon.  So many great reviews.  Maybe mine has to find its mojo--if there is such a thing."
"I've had this little guy for a while now, and have used it on wool coats, sweaters, and most recently my cozy fleece sheets.  I love my fleece sheets in winter [not the microfiber or flannel ones - must be fleece] but they DO pill.  So about once a month I 'depill' for a few minutes, then crawl back into smooth sheets.  This thing works great, is easy to hold and use, and easy to empty. Good product."
This fuzz wizard works great - I highly recommend it :)  I used it on some pants that got washed with a napkin or tissue or something and they were a mess.  After 1/2 hour or so - both pants look new again.
"This fabric shaver is cheaply made -- thin plastic, flimsy blades -- so don't expect it to last forever, but it works great for now! I rescued a winter coat which was severely covered with fuzz, and for the low price of this little machine, it was well worth it. I had tried a lint roller and razor previously without success, but this fabric shaver worked well.

I've also used it on several sweaters and a knit cap, and again, great results. Before I purchased this, I read a review saying that this little fabric shaver could damage a sweater, but really, this is very difficult to do. You CAN wear a hole in a sweater, but you have to press firmly on the same area for quite awhile.

Highly recommend with the knowledge that it's not built to last."
"The fabric on my sofa suddenly erupted into little pills.  I had a fabric comb, but it didn't really do the trick.  This shaver had decent reviews (unless it stopped working - my kept going), and even though it wears the ""seen on TV"" badge of dishonor, it worked like a charm."
"Believe the reviewers that say this thing stops working after minimal use.  Mine ran (poorly) for (literally) less than a minute.  This failure was caused by a weak motor and a faulty safety switch.  This is a very flimsy, poor quality item.  I only wish I had used it for the first time during the return period."
"This product is great!! The fabric shaver arrived on time and in perfect condition. I use it on all my sweaters and anything else with those little ""pills"" that are a pain to get rid of otherwise."
"I have only used it a couple of times, and will amend my review if I encounter any problems in the future - but so far it has been great! I used it on a very delicate cashmere sweater, and it looks great now. I stretched the garment a little over my knee - that way, the fabric will be unwrinkled and you won't make holes in it (like some other reviewers have evidently done). Recommend!"
"I bought it because I had several pairs of hand-knit socks that were completely fuzzed out, and yet, since I'd spent the time to knit them I wanted to give them a last chance to look decent again.  So after much deliberating amongst the various models of de-fuzzing machines, i selected this one, and i am so glad!  It works really well - I was so amazed by the results on my first sock that I ran around showing all my neighbors (knitters too).

I don't really have any longevity comments cause mine is still pretty new, but i can see you might want to have new blades at some point.  And I'm not sure about the extra guard ring they send you... - maybe for fuzzier wools...

Seems well worth the price!"
This little fuzz wizard works very well.  My daughter was given an old couch for her first college apartment and it had fabric pills all over it.  We got the fuzz wizard and shaved the whole couch and it looks great - almost like a new couch.  It took the extra fabirc off easily.  Just be prepared to spend a lot of time if you have a large item like this.  The part that holds the fuzz fills up quickly and must be emptied often.  Good product - works as advertised.
"I have to admit, I was skeptical when I made this purchase.  When I got my Fuzz Wizard I went straight to work on several older sweaters that I haven't wore for a while due to fuzzies/pilling.  This worked like a dream.  I've wore these sweaters to work and people think they are new sweaters!  That's how nice they look after a quick shave.  The only thing you need to be cafeful of is loose threads.  The shaver will take a loose thread and unravel stiching so be aware of that.  My only semi-complaint about the shaver itself is the chamber for catching the fuzzies is kind of small.  When/if this ever gives out I'll for sure buy another one.  Although, I've had this one for about 8 months now and it still works like a dream!!!"
"After 6 months of what I consider heavy use of this shaver, it is still working perfectly! I am a little ocd with using lint shavers. I even do our socks with them. I cannot stand to see the pilling/fuzzballs on any piece of clothing, including socks, so this shaver really gets used alot - daily.

This is the first shaver that I have used that has never pulled or made a hole in a piece of clothing. Ever other shaver I have had, at some point, put a hole in some article of clothing, whether a delicate fabric or t-shirt, or some other random garment. This has not done that at all yet, which is surprising considering how long I have had it and how often I use it.

It seems to be very well made and I do expect it to hold up well. I haven't had to change the batteries at all yet either, since the first install!

My only complaint is that the chamber which collects the fuzz is rather small, so you do empty it often during use on a single garment. I am willing to put up with that though due to the excellent performance and if this one fails/dies at some point I will definitely buy another one. I have gone through many shavers over the years and this one is one of the best I have ever used. There is only one other one that I would have recommended to someone, but they don't make that one anymore. I also bought 3 different ones from 3 different brands before buying this one and they were all crap!"
"have you ever washed your sweaters with towels,  i have so i bought this fuzz wizard and it takes all the fuzz off amazing better than the stick lint brushes"
"I've had several fabric shavers in my time.  This one is not very good at all in taking away the pills that develop on fabric and embroideries through wash & wear. It is also very ungainly in the hand, being so wide that one cannot get one's hand around it, and the materials used make it very slippery.  In 10 minutes of use, it slipped my hand 3 times and fell on the floor. Furthermore, it is poorly constructed--the lint compartment slides off fully on its own time and again, letting all the fuzz fly in every direction. Buy any other shaver.  Goodness knows I'm going to, right now."
"I bought the Fuzz Wizard fabric pill remover in early April, 2011.  Installed batteries, turned on the switch.  The machine showed no sign of movement, made no noise, was completely Dead on Arrival.  I can't see how it could be worse than that.  I will not buy this particular model or brand again."
"This little gadget works better than I had possibly imagined.  It swiftly removes all pilling from my sweaters, collects the pieces in a little chamber for easy removal, and leaves all my sweaters smooth and completely pill free.  I highly recommend this product to anyone looking for the best tool for pill removal."
"This product is great!  I use it regularly, and it provides the extra touch-up that you can't get from lint rolling or dry cleaning."
"Amazon does not deliver to France so I had to take the trouble to buy the fuzz wizard, get it sent to my sister who lives in the States, and then get her to forward it to me!
Absolutely worth all the trouble."
I have tried a few other fabric shavers and this one takes the cake! Totally saved a few of my sweaters and some of my family's clothes. It's worth every penny.
"I love this little shaver. It makes things look brand new, extending the life of my wardrobe. No problems whatsoever. But I went to turn it on today and it wouldn't turn on as others have commented. Checked the batteries, good. Wasn't any fuzz clogging the rotation. Shook it to see if anything rattled, nothing. BUT, I looked at the battery connections and noticed one of the little metal plates wasn't as far out as the other. I guess over time it bent inwards. I gently pulled it out a little more, replaced the batteries, and voila! Shaver started working again. I guess the connection wasn't tight enough to the battery and that's all there was to it. Used it just as I had before. So if you start noticing issues and it's not because it needs to be cleaned, check to see if your battery plates are still ""springy""."
"I used this product as soon as I got it on two very pilly sweatshirts.  It works quite well!  I give this 4 stars because you may have to go over some tough pills more than once. I also noticed if you change the angle you are using, it picks up all the pills with ease.  It took me less than 1/2 hour to do both sweatshirts, and they were pretty covered in pills.  I would recommend this product.  It is a bargain for the price."
I should have bought this shaver years ago!  It works great!  I really wish it had an AC adapter and/or used AA batteries though...who has C batteries?!?  Maybe if it didn't require such large batteries they could make the lint collector larger.
Purchased for my Wife and she loves it.  Brings ugly sweaters back to life and they look like new.  She is very satisfied with this product.
"I've had shavers in the past, and they all do next to nothing.  This one works GREAT!  It REALLY removes the pills and fuzz from sweaters and fleece, etc. WELL worth every penny!  (empty often, the container is small), but so what when it works so well!"
"This thing gets used in my house EVERY SINGLE DAY. The size is perfect, it works the way it says it will, and my couch has never looked better despite getting attacked by my cats on a daily basis."
"I was originally very happy with this item...it took all the fuzz off my sofa pillows and made them look like new...but when I went to use it a second time a month or so later, it didn't turn on...thought it might be the batteries, but changed those..still didn't work...when I shook it there was a little rattling sound, but I had never dropped it...no reason for it to stop working!  At least I got one use out of it, but...."
"This is small, but it works great!  It gets the pills off of my sweaters easily, and is still going strong many months later :)"
"i cannot find the words to express how much i love this product. i bought mine from the local marshalls and since then i have literally been finding things i can de-lint. great product for the price. no more of those fuzzy annoying lint balls. definitely recommend this to everyone, only wished there were an a/c adapter but i can't complain it does the job. probably going to go out and buy another one because i love it so much."
"I was a little skeptical cause of the ""as seen on TV"" thing, but this is the best fabric shaver I have ever had. I bought it after my previous one died half way through the sweater I was de-fuzzing. This one worked quicker and better. My only complaint is the batteries were a little difficult to get in. I'm very happy with this purchase."
"I typically don't buy ""As Seen on TV"" products.  However, I just had to try this one out.  The Fuzz Wizard does a very good job of defuzzing all of my sweaters.  Very good product for the price.  Wish it came with C batteries though.  A rechargeable model would be nice."
I used it to remove fuzzies from 3 of my dress shirts and make them look semi-new again. My only complaint is the device uses C batteries instead of an electrical plug.
This is the best defuzzer I have had--and I have had several. It removes all the pills from the sweater and make the sweater look new again.
"Works very well, holes are big enough to grab the largest fuzz balls without eating the sweater (yet).
I cannot comment on longevity yet.  Hopefully it performs this well as the blades dull.

My only complaint would be emptying the catcher is more difficult than it needs to be (have to use finger to swipe out the fuzz).  The container is also pretty small compared to the size of the unit."
"Although I purchased this because of the good reviews, and it is advertised as a lint collector, I truly bought it to remove cat hair and it does not, whether cat or human so I am truly disappointed, but I guess it is my mistake by not realizing lint and hair are far diffeent."
"I should have read the fine print a little more closely - in case you're desperate to use this the moment it comes out of the packaging, be sure you have 2 C batteries on hand. Otherwise, this really did the trick on a very fuzzballed sweater of mine... it looked practically new by the time I was done with it!"
"This is a terrific product I've used for years. It does a much better job than a fabric comb at removing pills and pulls. The packaging is incredibly annoying, though. It's an absolute pain to open. Be sure to open the lower left section of the package, to get the protective cap and comb that are behind the advertising."
"I almost *didn't* get this just because of the ""as seen on TV"" tag line.  But the positive reviews won me over and I'm glad for it.  This is a great little device and well worth the $15!

BTW it takes 2 C batteries!"
"I am a professional textile restorer and I use this little gadget every day to remove excess fuzz from my repairs.  I mean, I use it every few minutes, all day long!!  I have had one for over two and a half years which just now gave up the ghost.  I find it works equally well at hard pressure shearing off thick fuzz, or delicately nipping off little hairs from my work.  I can't say enough good things about the one I've had- I just hope the two new ones I just ordered are the same design. I'll let y'all know!

so,  it's now Septemter 2012 and yes, the design is the same.  I want to compliment the manufacturer on the new packaging design;  it used to come in a wicked sharp plastic clamshell-type package which was the devil to open.  Now it comes in a nice, easy to open cardbord box,  sturdy enough to protect it,  but easy to open and recycle.  nice work."
The motor stoped working before finish one sweater.  It was constantly on and off motion from the beginning.  If the motor was good then it would be okay product.
"This works ok, but it eats batteries quite quickly and takes several passes to get all the pilling off the sweater. It does shave the sweater smoothly and there isn't really any way to gouge the sweater owing to the design. It just seems to take a long time to go over a sweater with it."
I haven't bought this product yet but I am looking for something I can use get quickly remove cat hair from my sofa. I have tried all the other hand held sticky lint brush types. Any sugestions? I currently use a wet wash cloth or my vacuum attachment to get off cat hair. WIll this work?
"This is an excellent fabric shaver.  Originally I purchased the&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Evercare-Giant-Fabric-Shaver-1-ea/dp/B0014UGDQA/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Evercare Giant Fabric Shaver 1 ea</a>&nbsp;but that worked awful. I also tried&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/D-Fuzz-It-DFuzzIt-Sweater-Fabric-Comb-Oak-Hill-Industries-DFUZ/dp/B001OXZB06/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">D-Fuzz-It DFuzzIt Sweater & Fabric Comb - Oak Hill Industries #DFUZ</a>&nbsp;which was good but hard to clean the fuzz from.

However, this fabric shaver gets most pills / fuzz from your clothes.  Just lay the clothing out flat on a flat and stable surface and gently move it over the fabric.  My only complaint is that the lint tray is way too small for all the fuzz it will remove that you have to constantly empty it. Other than this it's a great purchase and is available for $9.99 at some Bed, Bath, and Beyond stores.

This unit takes two C size batteries, comes with a special ring for delicate fabrics, has a cover for when not in use, and comes with a lint brush to clean the cutting blades.  It is also easy to disassemble for cleaning."
"Removes fuzz like a dream, but it will also cut holes in your sweater if you are not extremely careful.  Used it on my daughter's sweater, granted, it was a thin sweater, but she loved it and now it's wrecked because I put two holes in it."
"THE PROFESSIONAL QUALITY FABRIC SHAVER(AS SEEN ON TV FUZZ WIZARD), I PURCHASED FROM AMAZON IS THE BEST OF ITS KIND I HAVE EVER USED.  IT PERFORMS EXACTLY AS ADVERTISED AND HAS SAVED SEVERAL GARMENTS FROM THE ""THROWAWAY"" BAG.  I AM IMPRESSED AND DELIGHTED."
"I am so disappointed in this product. It worked great for about one minute, and then I could barely get it to work.  Tried everything - tightening, changed batteries twice.  A LEMON. What makes me angry is I had borrowed my friend's fabric shaver (a different type) which was only $5 on here.  I actually got this one thinking I would get a better quality one (hers worked great, BTW).  Guess I should stick with what works. And terrible packaging to boot - very hard to get open.  Disappointing"
"I hesitated buying this gizmo because of a few recent negative reviews but I'm glad I ignored them because this thing is GREAT! The fabric shaver quickly and effectively eradicates the pills and fuzzies. Its powerful and sharp enough to cleanly ""shave"" the fuzzies clean off! I've used it on synthetic and cashmere sweaters and it works well on both.  Keep in mind that this isn't a lint remover so you'll need to use one of those to take the random hair/fur and lint off your sweaters."
"I am in love with the Fuzz Wizard. It ERADICATED the fuzzies on my thick wool/cashmere coat, leaving it looking as beautiful as the day I bought it. I literally gasped when I saw how much fuzz this thing removes. Funny thing is I bought it to get rid of blonde doggie hairs, but when I learned its true purpose, I was floored. I honestly didn't know there was a way to remove those fuzzies--I mean, I KNEW, but I didn't really know. I would just pick them off anxiously.
So, it does not remove doggie hairs, or human hairs, or any hairs for that matter, unless they're really tiny. Like stubble. But who cares! The fuzz is what was aging my coat, and lint rollers work fine. I stayed up well into the night de-fuzzing my coat and saying ""omg"" repeatedly. LOVE IT.
I do see one design flaw with the product. The lint trap does not ""click"" shut as the battery cover does, so it often slid down while working its magic and a few fuzzies escaped. No biggie; I just held the machine more tightly from then on. But, this may just be a defect with my own product and not all Fuzz Wizards. No issues with how quickly the lint trap fills up; this is a HANDHELD machine to begin with~! How many fuzzies could you fit in your hand?! I had to empty it 3-4 times on my entire coat, and I'd do it all again (and will!). Thank you for this amazing product, and the great bargain! I picked mine up at TJM@xx for $7!! Considering the 75 mile drive for more :^)"
Our sheets had developed lots of pills that were uncomfortable to sleep on.  A few minutes with this item and the sheets were as smooth as new.
"I used the Fuzz Wizard on all my old sweaters and they now look new. It did take about 10 minutes per item to de-fuzz, but it was definitely worth it. I used it on sweaters (thick and thin), scarfs, sweatpants, a Northface fleece jacket, and other items. It worked well on each item, even the thin sweaters that I hand wash it handled well. I've recommended the Fuzz Wizard to all my friends and family and just wish I hadn't Goodwilled so many items before I got it."
"Does not work at all..
Have replaced a battery but no change..
Seller should not sell a defect..
Awful purchase"
"I purchased this based on decent reviews to ""defuzz"" my chenille sofa that is shedding and my sweathers that have developed some piling.  I don't have experience with other ""shavers"" but this gizmo is lame.  It does work somewhat if I am diligent and patient, but it is slow, slow, slow to make much impact.  I will be looking for a better product, if it exists.  I cannot recommend this item, especially for the price.  If it was under $5, that would be reasonable."
This is a true wizard when it comes to reviving and pill covered item. The item defuzzed becomes a like new garment. What great purchase and for a good price.
"I was really excited about this item and hoping it could clean up a couple of my favorite sweaters that have gotten a bit pilled over time.
After popping in a couple of C batteries, I fired it up and started with a cable-knit cardigan. I didn't even get halfway done with the arm of the sweater, and it mysteriously shut off. I disassembled the unit, cleaned the blades, re-adjusted the batteries, made sure the lint container was clean. But no luck. I can't get it to turn back on. Very disappointed and probably won't risk buying a second unit."
"I don't usually take the time to write reviews, but this product deserves it.
My 3 year old sweater was covered in pills, and it looks like new again. Worth every penny."
"The shaver works well, but takes a long time to do a whole sweater. I couldn't believe how much time it took me to de-fuzz just one sweater. You have to keep emptying the canister, as it fills up quickly then doesn't work as well once it's full. However, when I was finally done, the sweater looked like new!"
"When we ordered this product, we were very skeptical but it did a very decent job when used. We used it on our Macy's comforter which bobbled over a period of 5 months.

Pros:
 - Does what it is supposed to do
 - Collects the lint in a compartment

Cons:
 - Batteries relatively cost higher 'C-Type'. So factor in its cost.

But definitely a satisfactory product."
"I've shaved about 4 things, some sort of delicate, and it works great. Don't know about battery life."
"I'm a handspinner and love to spin fine merino wool...which happens to be notorious for pilling!  I didn't realize how badly it could pill until I knitted a sweater out of my handspun yarn.  After a year or so it was so dull and full of little pills that I wouldn't even wear it out in public. Since it took quite a while to spin all that yarn I was really dejected.  A couple of weeks ago, my spinning group was discussing this problem and I decided to do some research.  I read comments about sweater stones vs shavers on various blogs and web sites, and decided to buy the Fuzz Wizard based on the reviews.  I'm so glad that I did, and have already shared my results with some spinning friends!  It removes the pilling beautifully without damaging delicate yarns, and my sweater now looks like it did when it was first knitted.  The only negative is what other reviewers mentioned: it would be nice if it had an AC adaptor.  But with the results I'm getting, I'll gladly keep a supply of batteries on hand.  It's definitely worth the minor in conveneience to have my woolens looking so good again!  I definitely recommend it!"
"After laboring over hand-knitted sweaters, I certainly didn't want to see them get taken over by the Fuzz Monster. Some yarns just have to fuzz and/or pill; they can't help it. This shaver worked like a charm. Its construction is very simple, so I suspect it will last a long time. Easy to clean, and just one on-off button to deal with. They recommend the obvious: don't use this product on angora or other types of materials with a naturally ""furry"" aspect. I wouldn't use it on super delicate items, such as lace, either. It might shave off things you want to keep. That said, it's a safe bet, IMHO."
This product did the job - exactly as I wanted it to do.  I am very pleased.
Best thing I purchased in a long time! Worked great on a crappy Martha Stewart bed quilt that I regretted purchasing. This quilt was riddled with fuzz and little balls and it got rid of it nicely!
"I bought this at Walgreens, I think... years ago. Never had used it. My granddaughter must have washed a black sweatshirt in with a load of white towels. WHAT A MESS. I put batteries in my Fuzz Wizzard and had so much fun cleaning that sweatshirt that I felt guilty for doing it all by myself. That thing is AWESOME! I have used it on many throw blankets since then. It never has snagged a loose thread.
Kathleen"
"I love this so much! I have a black North Face fleece that was covered in these little white pills. I always tried to get them off with the lint rollers, and that never helped. I heard about these from word of mouth, but never really needed one until I stocked up on some nice fleece zip ups this past winter. I always felt a little embarrassed by how much my favorite fleece was pilling, and almost made it look kind of dirty and old. So I went on here and since this one had the most positive reviews, and at such a great price, I ordered this. I just got it in the mail today and was so excited to use it. I used it on my black fleece and sure enough, all those teeny little pills came right off! It took me about a good 15 minutes to get them all off but it was worth it. My jacket looks brand new now, and I'm so happy!! It does pick up all the pills pretty quick, the only reason it took me so long was because I had a lot on mine, and then I had to clean out the shavings bin. But really, no complaints on this! Even if this was ever to stop working, I'd just buy a brand new one! Really love this."
"The minute I got it in the mail i decided to test it. I could not believe what I saw. My black sweater, that was almost going to trash looked just like new. I am usually so skeptical about cheap little things, but this blew my mind. I can't wait to use it again. I think I am getting few more for my family and friends as a gift."
"I love this little fuzz buster.  It's quick and easy and does a great job on even large pills.

My only complaint is that I have to empty the container too often, but that is a minor complaint."
"I'm glad I gave this item a 2nd chance. The first one I received worked for just 15 minutes, then quit. Sent it back for a full refund and, because of the significant number of positive reviews, decided to give it another go. So far so good with the second one.  It works well as described and on dark fleece, the cleanup is dramatic. Hopefully the quality problem on the first one was an anomaly."
"I used this shaver to restore an entire couch, loveseat & chair!!  It was easy to use & made my furniture look almost new again.  I had the motor running for almost 2hrs straight & it worked like a charm from start to finish.  After sitting in my closet for a month it still works -- just tried it on a cashmere blend sweater & it did the job well!
I originally tried the Collins D-Fuzz-It-Fabrc Comb on my couch.. what a joke!!  I did one couch arm.. it took forever, was messy, etc.
Emptying the chamber on the Fuzz Wizard was EASY & was a small price to pay.

My husband said, ""finally, one of your cheap purchases that actually works!""

Highly recommended."
"Well...I was a skeptic..thinking...""another $10 gadget, will it work""? Well, hallelujah, finally one that does! Buy your 2 C batteries ahead of time and get ready with those polyester clothes. So far I did the inside of a sweater and the outside and inside of a pair of pants. Just perfect! Removed all the pills, made everything look new again. I read the prior feedback and am keeping the little chamber cleaned out often. It has a nice hum..a smooth vibration...and just go back and forth slowly over the item and it removes all those nasty bumps. I am such a happy camper!"
My Ontel Fuzz Wizard proved to be a clunker. I was really impressed with how well it worked the first few times I used it. But then that was that. After the third use it refuses to turn on despite a battery change and an extensive cleaning. I would not buy this one again.
"The fuzz shavers I have gotten in the past from large bedding stores have never worked. I needed something to refresh my sweaters this year and the reviews said this worked. I was skeptical but for the price thought it could not hurt to try it out.  It did a great job on my cashmere sweaters (even though the instructions say not to use on cashmere) and has revitalized some sweaters that I thought I would have to retire they looked so bad.  So far the blades are still sharp and it is working brillantly. Considering the sweaters I thought were lost causes it has restored to looking nearly new, it has paid for itself."
"This is the BEST product ever!  I had a couch that was just over 2 years old.  It got all pilled up.  It looked like it was 20 years old!  This device completely renewed the couch and it looks new again. Since it worked so well on my couch, I'm sure it will do the same for my old sweaters.  This is a MUST have.  Try it, you'll be happy you did!"
"I really needed one of these, did a little bit of research, read reviews, and settled with the Wizard Shaver. My expectations weren't set too high, I figured it would do a good enough job to clean up some fuzz. Well... It works a lot better than I thought. I ""shaved"" about 10 sweaters, all sorts (thin to thick), and they all look like new. I had no hole problem with it, you just have to watch what you're doing, that's all. I haven't had it for long, so not sure yet how durable it is, but so far I would definitely recommend this very useful item."
"Another reviewer said it best - $10 well spent.  My sweatshirt covered in 3 years of fuzz now looks almost new. It did take at least 30 mins for the whole hoodie the first time, but I could prob do it quicker in the future.

Heed the warning about not pressing down too hard.  It did only minimal ""damage"" to a heavy sweatshirt, but I can understand how it might tear the threads of a delicate.

Also have 2- ""C"" batteries handy, because it doesn't come with any.  It would probably be a waste of money to ship those anyways."
"Well, i was very surprised at how well it worked on my sweaters. Im a college student and i LOVE to wear my university hoodie while studying, going to class, walking the dogs ect. The sweater is my life. So as you can imagine, my poor over used sweater became very dull looking with all the little fuzz balls it collected over time.  This magical fuzz wizard brought my sweater back to life, it really looks brand new again. I would seriously recommend this product to anyone with a fuzz problem :) oh I only give it 4 stars because it works better on certain fabrics than others."
I bought this to get all the fuzz balls off of my couch and it looks new again.  You do have to empty the receptical a lot but it isn't that big of a hassle.  Well worth it for the look of a new couch again!!
This was a dreadful purchase for me.  It ripped two holes in my new sweater and stopped working in the first three minutes of use.  It's cheaply made and since I already threw away packaging I can't return it.  Bummer!
I love this little shaver.  It does the job and it does it well.  BUT do not use it on delicate fabric.  It will shredd a hole in it in a heartbeat.
"I almost bought the $20 dollar fabric shaver from brookstone and I'm so glad I didn't.  This product totally went above and beyond my expectations. I needed it to ""de-fuzz"" my two couches and it made them look like new.  I definately recommend this item and had no issues with it at all."
"I was wondering if a $10 product would do a good job....and was I surprised! It worked wonderfully and I'm amazed at how easy and perfectly the garment looks afterwards. I am 100% satisified and would recommend this to anyone who is looking for a ""de-fuzzer"".  Requires 2 C-size batteries and w/ free shipping from Amazon...you cannot go wrong!"
"This little shaver is amazing.  It gets off all the big fuzzies as well as the little ones that make things like t-shirts look dingy and old.  The only negative things I can say are that it's sort of loud but that really doesn't matter to me, and also that it's small so it can take a while to shave an entire sweater.  However, it works very, very well, and doesn't knick or ruin any fabrics.  I've even pressed very hard with it for some small fuzzies and no problems."
"This product removed the fuzz and little pill as advertised.  I am very, very glad I purchased."
"Can't beat it! For such a low price, this removed the fuzzies from my sweater.  It does take some time (depending on the amount of pills), but with patience, the results were fantastic!"
"Great price for a great product! It's light to use and it works! I have been used it since I got this in my mail. My sweaters, scarves, shirts, suede paints (and some socks!) are looking really good! Thanks to the fast shipping. I recommend it!"
"I wish it had a bigger space to actually catch the fuzz that it is removing so I didn't have to stop and empty it as often, but it works."
"I had been looking for a ""sweater shaver"" for awhile, but couldn't find one at Walmart, so looked on here...  I'm glad I saw the review for this item that said they found it at CVS, because that's where I ended up getting mine.  I've been shaving sweaters, shirts, pants like crazy since I've gotten it and am extremely pleased with how it has completely renewed my clothes.  As with other reviewers, I would love it if they had an a/c adapter for it, but I'm sure that would also raise the price of the item as a whole.  I really like this one because the metal screen is very solid, unlike another one that CVS was selling for $7.99, where the screen was very flimsy, like it could easily be ""torn"" or whatever..."
"I had been looking for one of these for a while and for $10 decided to take the chance on this one.  It works great - worth every penny!  Like one other reviewer, I do wish it had an A/C adapter and wish the lint recepticle was bigger, I had to empty it several times while using it.  Otherwise, I could not be happier with it!"
"Very effective handy little tool. I used it on my knitted sweater that had turned raggedy after a few washes. It grabbed all the unwanted fuzz and smoothed out the fabric like new! I tried it on a few shirts and it did a wonderful job. Big or small fuzz, it does the job. Great deal!"
"I actually bought this on a whim at CVS (pharmacy), cost was same as Amazon - $9.99.  It works like a dream!  Only 2 nitpick comments:

1. should have AC adapter instead of/in addition to batteries (takes 2 C batteries)
2. lint receptacle fills up quickly and must be emptied often

Other than those minor issues, it is a great product."
This is a great product.  It works great on both wool and knit fabrics easily.  I use mine all the time.
Works really well.
"I love this thing! It uses regular size batteries that i don't have to go searching to find, and the batteries last a long time. Best of all, it lets me clean up the pills off my clothing, making it look like new again. I wear a lot of sweaters and cotton items, which do pill over time. I've also used this on have coats that pill in the armpit area, and now I can get those out, making expensive coats useable for a much longer period of time and making them look cleaner. This shaver removes those pills without damaging the fabric, which is great. I've used other shavers in the past that have cut holes in garments, rendering them useless and wasting money. This shaver has a plastic protector which prevents that from happening. I think everyone needs one of these. The minimal amount of money you will spend on this will pay for itself once you've renewed all those items of clothing you may have otherwise thrown away."
Handy gadget.
works well
"Does as it says - works great! I expected my unit to not do well. Iit was delivered in a plain brown box, no packaging as you see in the picture, with the user manual. And after reading the other reviews of how it quit on people after a few days, I was wary. But my Fuzz Wizard functioned perfectly. It's a little noisy, but I think that is to be expected. It renewed my couch, an armchair, and several sweaters and jeans - and I've not even changed the batteries yet."
Best
works well actually fun to use
"When I opened the product, I thought it looked like the knock-offs I had previously purchased but I was wrong!  This is a GREAT product - I was totally skeptical but it REALLy works!"
This is the best product for taking fuzz off of sweaters. Lightweight and easy to use. Very effective. I've been using it for quite some time and  I highly recommend it. Thank you.
Best one I've ever had.
Works great. Clothes look so much better afterwards
"TOO SMALL...COERS A 1/2 INCH AREA .........IT SEEM LARGER IN FOTO..NEVER USE IT...IT WOULD TAKE ME THREE TIMES AS LONG AS THE ONE I HAD, NICE AND BIG,,COVER A TWO INCH AREA"
"It only lasted about 6 months... but when it worked, it WORKED!"
Not as good as the older Remington fuzz shaver.  A bit strong so be careful you don't cut more than the fuzz.
It works perfectly from fragile to rough fabric
"I was looking for a new clothes shaver because my little one took forever. I was VERY pleased with this one. I don't buy as seen on tv items because of bad experiences. But I am so happy I took a gamble and got this one. First, the shaver area is super large and so it takes less time. Second, it works fast. Three, it only takes 2 C-Batteries. And Lastly my old one NEVER did the job like this one. I put pictures. This would have taken me a week to get this much lint off my black sweater. This took about 20 minutes. It was really in bad shape and it came out great. One picture shows the size, one the lint size."
Can't live without this item!!  I have used this so much I will probably need another one soon.  It's a bigger one and I love this size.
"Fast shipping, great product!"
I wore one fuzz wizard out and ordered two more so I could continue shaving the kids clothes I buy at thrift stores and garage sales.
good
"we bought this item almost 4.5 years ago and it still works.
worth every cent!"
Wife said it was Ok at best
"I thought it was good,but if the fabric has any rayon in it it doesn't shave close enough to get it all the beads off"
It is great!  I used it on a home-made craft bag that I've had for a very long time and it made it look like new.  I would recommend it to my friends.
Excellent defuzzer!  Works well!
Thanks!
broken when we got it
"I love that I can get my sweaters looking good.  I gave this a four star, because it is time consuming as you have to go over the same area many times prior to it catching everything.  It was worth every bit though when I did my wool coat."
It works well. Just be sure the fabric is laying flat and you won't have any snag issues.
"Works well, gets kind of addicting, but the couch looks great now!"
A piece of garbage
"I have several sweaters that I have pills all over them.  I had been looking for a fabric shaver kind of thing for months before I finally saw this one.  I'm glad I found it because I really like it.  It works really well.  It's fast and I don't have to go over the same area twice.  It's worked on shirts, sweaters, pants, etc. with no issues whatsoever."
didnt even work
"This is an awesome product, I just wished I knew about this earlier.  It definitely gets the lint and fuzz off cleanly.  Its cheap and it makes your clothes much better and newer looking, worth it!"
When you use it the first few times it works fine. After that it doesn't seem to do the job well.
This product works great!
Nice product. I like this fabric shaver. It gets the job done and it was very inexpensive. It takes a little more time if you're shaving large areas like a comforter but it works wonders.
It did not work well at all.  And the batteries don't fit properly.  I was also sent 2 of the same product.  I have sent these items back to the address on the box (there were no return labels available)  I had to pay shipping for both products.
"I am pretty sure that this put a hole in two of my good shirts. Not a fan and have been afraid to use it ever since. Wish I didn't buy it. I did get the pills off of my shirts, but again, also left a hole."
Loved mine so much I bought a second for my daughter.
"I really like this product. Just be careful with thin material because it can make a hole in it. But otherwise excellent on sweaters, coats, and most things."
great
Doesn't work well.
Awesome product!!!!!
Love it.
This works well but I found out the hard way not to use it on thinner fabrics.
use it everyday for clothes and dogs wardrobe and i love it
Does a pretty good job!
TAKES FOREVERRR TO GET THINGS OFF...AND HAVE TO CLEAN IT OUT EVERY FEW MINS....BUT ITS BETTER THAN NOTHING.
the batteries drain quickly and it does not pick up lint only the larger balls. won't clean dog or cat hair either. tape works better than this
little gadget that works great
This little device has transformed some worn looking sweaters and coats and does amazingly well!  Thank you - highly recommend!!!!!
Fuzz wizard works!
It works wonderfully.
Stopped working during the 1st use!
"I purchased one of these for my wife who had never used a fabric shaver and she is sold! This particular shaver gets outstanding battery life. Be aware that it may look like the battery is dead if you move the guard too close to the blades thereby stopping it from spinning. After nearly a month of daily use she is still on the first set of batteries.

The fuzz receptacle is a decent size for all but the largest of jobs, but it is very easy to see and hear when it is filling up."
This thing actually really works!!
This has saved my clothes! I can imagine how much money I wasted throwing away clothes I thought were ruined by pilling. It is super easy to use on my favorite sweaters and made them look brand new! This is such an amazing investment!
works great....was replacement for one that I had had for years and I am just as happy with this one.
"Works well, keeps my sweaters looking new, great value."
This Fuzz Wizard works very well. I haven't tried it on sweaters but it did wonders on my wool coat.
"It works wellto shave off the ""pills"" but unfortunately it also does some other damage to the fibers. The damage isn't visable, but every time you washthe sweater, youget tons of little pill balls in the laundry."
"I have an inexpensive armchair that fits perfectly in my small living room but it had gotten really shabby looking. The seat cushion had all these little ""hairs"" that looked like lint but wouldn't come off with a lint roller, and the back had been scratched up by my cat. This little gizmo has given my chair a second life. All the little hair thingies are gone, the back is nice and smooth and the chair looks perfectly presentable. Massive return on investment: $25 saved me $$$$ for a new armchair.

TIP: If yours doesn't seem to work, try tightening the shaving head."
Works great
did not work it quit working after only a few minutes.
Use the protection ring and care with fine knits unless you want a hole in your beautiful sweater!
"This didn't last me two tries. I am not 18 - I know how to use this kind of battery-powered appliance, I did not abuse it. But it bogged down the second time I used it. Its just a piece of junk, it just has an ""As Seen on TV"" advertising hype. I sent it back and bought an Oreck online, which has an electrical plug option. So far it has worked fantastic. Much more power than this one. I'd recommend the Oreck."
Works well!
"Works very well, but you do have to be careful of any loose strings as the instructions say.  Hitting those might cause a small hole in a knitted garment."
"very good product does what it says down fall I could have bought the same item in one of
my local stores for less than half price. Then I learned later that you can purchase one that
plugs in to the electric which would save buying batteries,"
Great buy.  Gives new life to balled up sweaters without damaging the fabric.
"Piece of junk. It doesn't come with batteries. Today, I specially went to Walgreen bought two C4 batteries which cost me 10 dollars.  But, it doesn't work. So disappointed."
I had to go buy C batteries. When i used it it worked well but the motor sounded crazy. It was revving and then sounded super weak. No idea why its doing this. Not worth 24.99 plus $7 for two l ousey C batteries. Your better off going to bed bath and beyond and buying a similar one for 9.99. I lost it so I bought this one. Big mistake. At least that one had a good motor in it.
"This little wizard is great.  I hate the ""fuzzies"" that accumulate on sweaters and sweatshirts and make them look old & worn.
The Fuzz Wizard removes the unwanted fuzz and renews the garment or whatever you use it on to make it look new.  Don't
get rid of fuzzy clothes, etc., give them a wiz and keep them a lot longer!"
"love it.  works great.  yes, it is battery operated and has a fuzz receptacle that needs to be dumped out, but all i care about it removing pills from my woolens without damage  - and this thing makes old sweaters look brand new.  Did my favorite celtic cable hand warmers, they look new again. i love this thing."
"I had a serious problem with all of my shirts and jackets getting pilled up, and i cant stand how it looks or feels. so, i looked online to see what i could do about it other than obsessively pick them off for hours and i found this! ITS AMAZING, quick, easy and affordable! Do be careful with thin or flowy fabrics, i have nicked a tiny bit of t shirt but suuuper tiny. (to the machines credit, i didn't have the fabric guard on,so definitely user error) i would and will buy again if ever this one dies!"
"amazing! works better than my expensive fabric shaver that recent broke. large 2"" surface makes it fast"
um
Excellent product. Every home should have one.
Nothing special but does the trick! Takes a while to get all the pills off and needs to go over the same spot several times. All good though!
Works better than I'd imagined!
"It wook for 10 min, no good sent it back"
The #1 BEST SHAVER EVER!!!  Works on everything!  Makes clothes look like new!  Easily removes pilling on any clothing.  LOVE IT!!!!!
"This small fuzz wizard is fab; I love it.  A friend of mine came over to visit and began telling me about the sweater he was wearing and how could he get those fuzz balls off.  I whipped out my Fuzz Wizard to did my thing.  His eyes could not believe it was the same sweater!  He told me to order one for him.
This is an excellent product; I recommend it to EVERYBODY.

DH
New York"
"This works great, but can snag lighter fabrics. Make sure you test it on the fabric first."
It helps to get the fuzz off but not as much as expected.
nice
"I have a north face track jacket that I purchased in December  2010. After a few washes, the jacket started to form pills, making the jacket lose much of  its attractiveness.

This little machine made it look brand new. I was shocked by how well this thing worked.

Having said that, it should be noted that this isn't for silk/light fabrics. I'm  sure it will tear them apart. Its  more for fleece fabrics than anything else, but it could be used on other jackets, socks, towels, rugs etc.

Batteries  are not included by the way.

The container that holds the shaved material  is quite  large. I'd have a hard time  filling it up in one sitting.

My only  complaint  is that this holder comes off to easy, resulting  in a mess if you're  not careful.

As always, feel free to ask any questions  and I'll  get back to you."
"I am very happy with the performance of my fuzz wizard after over a year.  It helps me maintain my clothing that tends to pill in neat and clean looking shape.  I have bought this as a gift for family members who weren't happy with the performance of their similar type product; they are pleased, too.  I recently dropped mine and the fuzz receptacle cracked and would only stay on if I held it in place.  I emailed the ""As Seen on TV Guys"" and they sent me a replacement; making them a top notch seller in my book.  Buy this product!  Support a seller that supports their buyers!"
perfect
"This is a excellent product, it removes lint and fuzz fast and easy and the size of it is perfect and it fits very comfortable in the palm of your hands. I love it."
Does what it's supposed to do but be careful if u apply too much pressure or if u go over a fold it will put a hole in the fabric
"Fast shipping, but I had to tinker with it before it would work."
Works great.  Careful not to press to hard can cause holes.
Made my wool Northface sweater look like new.
Works too.
"Have only had a short time but have used it on four different sweaters and it worked like a charm. I even used it on cashmere but was very very careful (because the do not recommend it for use on cashmere) and it was awesome. The lint chamber is on the small side and I had to empty it quite often but to have shirts that look brand new again, I'm not going to complain about it."
"Works well, and covers more area than the 1"" ones, so you can depill your sweaters, sofa cushions, etc. quicker."
"Terrible! I recieved this Fuzz Wizard and it worked for a couple seconds and then stopped. I even bought a new pack of batteries as I thought that was the issue at first, but still didn't work. Very disappointed."
"There's no option for zero stars so I gave this product one star. I don't hate the product, it just didn't work. I mean at all. I put fresh C batteries in (making sure they were inserted correctly) and turn the switch on and nothing happened. I tried putting a different set of new batteries in with the same result."
"This thing is amazing! I had a shirt that was awful and by the time I finished, it was like new again. I've also used this on wool and it works without any problems. I only gave it a 4 star because the cleaner brush that was supposed to come with it(according to the paper) was never packed so now I need to find something else to clean it with."
Works very well! Wish it were a bit stronger.
Working great
"I had tons of expensive bras and several favorite shirts that were infested with pills and headed for the garbage. I am so glad to have discovered the Fuzz Wizard fabric shaver! It was super easy to use and made my items look just like new. In only one day, the Fuzz Wizard has already saved me more money than I spent to buy it!"
better machine than most I've tried
I love this product and have used it for years.
This worked very well.
"Was able to remove lint from my NF zip-up almost effortlessly.
De-lint old stuffed animals too!"
"This is a large sweater shaver, that makes fuzz removal quick and easy!"
I gave this as a gift and when my grandma put batteries in it the fuzz buster did not come on she tried multiple batters and nothing happened.
Great find for a great price.
DOA.
I bought to shave fuzzies off of a rug and it doesn't really work for that.
"I got it yesterday. Battery compartment cover and fabric shaving bin frame were a bit loose so when I push the on/off button on the side, either of them tended become loose from its locked position. So I ended up continuously sliding back either the battery compartment cover or fabric shaving bin to its locked position.  At this point I should have returned the product. I tried shave some fabrics and it worked pretty well. After using the product about 30 minutes, I placed it on top of the counter about 2.5' high and somehow it got dropped. The shaver practically fell apart into pieces: main part, battery compartment cover, fabric shavings bin coven and batteries. Fabric shavings bin edges chipped away (shattered) so it would not stay in the main part any longer. Plastic frame is hard and thin, it is easy to shatter."
This is a great Fabric shaver !!!
"Received this a couple of days ago and haven't stopped using it to ""defuzz"" sweaters and last night the felt Christmas stockings that my kids have been using for the past 17-22 years. They all look brand new!"
"This does work, however, you do need to be careful and sometimes it is necessary to go over several times.  I've found that if I put my sweaters on the ironing board and go in small circular motions switching from one direction to the other (clockwise/counterclockwise) that it does a pretty good job getting the fuzz off.  I haven't snagged anything yet with this method, but I do take my time with each garment. It's been a great refresher for my sweaters so they don't look all worn. It even works on my couch that has a bunch of pills - but it does take quite a while to do one cushion, so I decided not to do all three!"
gift
made a hole in the fabric. have to be very careful
it works  great  but the battery is a hassle
works! the fuzz is off my clothes!
Exceeded my expectations! So happy with it I had another sent to my sister. Should have purchased one a long time ago!
Great Fabric shaver.
This little guy works! Just be carful and don't press too hard otherwise you risk cutting the fabric. The little fuz receptical does fill up quick but I don't mind I like looking at all the fuz coming off the sweaters.
"an excellent product. I have several high quality sweaters which became heavily pilled over the last two years. This gadget cleaned them up so that they look like new. I have also used it on work socks, etc..Great Product!"
Not a great pill remover. I expected better results
Does not work at all!
Good product
Easy to use and completely removes all the fuzzy & lint from my sweaters!
Words cannot express how happy I am to have purchased FUZZ WIZARD. This powerful little tool has given new life to sweaters once thought to have seen their last wear. If you are looking to save money on replacing items having ugy fuzz...this is the answer.
Works really great for de-fuzzing sweaters.
The fuzz wizard works great on nearly all fabrics. I would definitely recommend this product!
"I love this product. Saves so many pieces of clothing, works well."
"This thing really works at restoring old, pilled-up clothes to original condition!  Very happy I made this purchase!!"
"The last time I used an electric lint shaver was years ago - it damaged two or three of my favorite sweaters and I just stopped using such things. I thought that may be they need some time to improve. And they did - a lot! I am impressed with this shaver - smooth, easy and clean shave. Yes, it is easily comes apart when you try to change the batteries or empty the lint chamber. But it is easily assembled as well. So, for the money spent, it worth it."
Great you will like how easy it is to use.
Works very well.
Works really well!
"We are so happy we purchased this unit, it really works great. It hold up well too, because we use it ofter."
"This little gadget is the BEST fuzz remover I have ever purchased. I recommend using the fabric guard on all fabrics, due to how powerful it is. I liked it so much I bought a second one. It is the only thing that gets all the fuzz balls off of our textured mattress."
"This is the best electronic purchase I have made all year.  Although the container needs to be emptied very often, overall I am very happy with it."
Love it soooo much!!
No more pulling balls off of our sweaters...
"This thing really works ! I had never used one, but was very pleasantly surprised. I know they have been out for a long time, just  had never believed in them .  I got tired of everything balling up and having to discard."
Works great...saved a lot of sweaters.
works better than any shaver I have ever had!!
"It worked well on a wool sweater with serious pilling on the sleeves and the sides of the body.  Especially when the cost of C batteries is included, it's a little expensive, but will seem less so if I use it more in the future."
Worked like a charm
Just what I needed!
"I bought this lint shaver over 5 years ago and it just died. I used it a LOT. I'm rebuying the same one, it was great."
A wonderful product
"Excelente, lo recomiendo"
"Works as described; however, it does take some time to get all of the fuzz off the section working on.  It does fill up quickly especially if the couch has a lot of fuzz or loose threads"
This little guy works great
Nice low cost tool to remove lint and fuzz from about anything
"Works well and is effective. I had one that was fabulous but have never found another like it. This is pretty good though, it does what it is a supposed to."
works well
It got the fuzz off my throw pillows on my couch
"This works astoundingly well on knits that have pilled -- even if there is a LOT of pilling. It makes them look brand new. I would not recommend this for fuzzy sweaters, as it would pretty much remove ALL the fuzz and leave you with something that's no longer a sweater. You do have to be careful when you use it because if thin fabric gets through the holes, it will cut the fabric. It happened to me once, so I learned to slow down just a bit and be careful. It is still very easy to use."
Happy
this thing works almost too good!
My wife is satisfies with this product
It's good
"Loved it at first, but stopped working after ~10 uses, Took it apart and couldn't find where the problem was, so ordered a second - which stopped working after 4 uses. Really not worth the money if it breaks so easily."
"This thing do what they say, just drive it nicely because sometimes could harm you clothes"
"My wife is addicted to this and has even purchased another one for her best friend. This thing is amazing at pulling the ""pills"" off of clothes, blankets, furniture etc.

Everything feels much smoother now!

It is easy to empty as well. Now if only i could get my wife's attention back lol!"
This is a great shaver and I'm sure I'll get lots of use from it.
Love it
I had one that I burned out so I bought this one that has a little more power and it takes the fuzz balls right off my socks or towels. I love it and it does the work in not time at all.
"This little shaver is actually a lot more powerful than I thought!  It worked well on removing the little lint balls from my sweaters...until I got careless for one second and it tore a small hole in one of my shirts!  It's best to lay the garment flat on a firm surface while using this.  I had my shirt laid out on my bed and since it's an uneven surface and with a slight heavy hand (even for a moment), it caused a hole in the garment.  As long as you do not rush and make sure you are consistent in applying any pressure onto the garment, it will work fine."
I've been using this for a few more months and it's still going strong and works as it should. You do have to use it on a flat surface such as the ironing board or else delicate fabrics might get ruined.
It does the trick to help preserve your garments for longer wear
Great purchase
"Works great on sweaters, pilling on pants and even thin t-shirts.  Highly recommend.  Easy to clean and care for.  Larger head covers a good amount of surface space with a few sweeps you're done."
Excellent product!!! Purchase 8 for gifts.
"It works well enough and has given new life to several of my sweaters. It doesn't ""overpull"" the fabric which is good because I know that can be an issue with shavers. There are instances where you really need to over a spot several times before it pulls the fuzz, so perhaps it could be a little stronger. I have not tried it on anything but wool at this time."
"This Fuss Wizard is just that - a wizard.  I've used other, smaller ""pill"" shaving devices over the years and found this to be the best. Not only have I used it to de-fuzz sweaters, but I also used it to reclaim an afghan that was a real mess.  My afghan looks brand new now.  I'd highly recommend this product!"
Very nice
"Wonderful, except it gets a little carried away on delicate fabrics...  Tore a couple of small holes in a silk sweater.  Don't push down, just roll over, and you'll be good."
"This is such a great product! Does just what it's suppose to do!  Gets rid of lint, fuzz, and pills on fabrics!  I love it!"
"Worked great for the 2 times that it worked. Then it just quit. I checked batteries with a multi meter and they were fully charged. I tried reseating the batteries, then tried brand new fresh batteries. I made sure there were no obstructions in the blades. Occasionally I could get it to run for 2 seconds and then it would just stop. Most of the time it wouldn't run at all. Quite a disappointment as my last fabric shaver (not this one) lasted 25 years."
"This was a great purchase.  I used it on all my sweaters.  After I ""defuzzed"" them, I put them in the dryer with a damp cloth and a dryer sheet.  They came out looking brand new.  I love it."
"this actually works surprisingly well but somehow the lid that held in all the lint has become loose and sometimes it comes off and gets lint everywhere. sometimes, if i use it for too long without giving it a break, it will start to smell (like the motor is getting overworked or something). other than those 2 issues, i personally thought it worked great!"
The product works as advertised and I am happy with the purchase. Nicely restored an old sweater which now looks like new.
I've tried 3 different fabric shaver and this one so far is the most powerful.  The reviews on Remington fabric shaver said it was too powreful..but I tried it and it was really weak from the 3 brands I have.  I've been using this one for over a month on about 15 shirts and they work great!  Highly recommend this one.  I'm thinking of buying more to gift my family and friends.
I gave this 4 stars because it is what I expected it to be. Its not expensive but it worth every penny! This makes my clothes look and feel like I just bought them. A must have in anyones laundry fix it kit. The only thing that bugs me a bit is that the lint catch will open up and pour out onto my cleanliy shaved clothes...but easy enough to clean up. I would def reccomend this!
"I love this device and use it far more often than I thought  I would.  I cleaned-up my sweaters (including a couple of cashmeres so pilled I thought I should give them away) before putting them away for the summer.  I took the batteries out of the shaver to store it until next winter too, but found myself digging it out again and again to touch-up other fabrics that had pilled."
Used this product on my lulus to get the white balls off and it works like a charm! Thank you!
I use it almost every other day. It's large enough to hold and do the job without feeling bulky. The lint catch is really simple to empty and reattach.
I do not need to use this very often - but for the several times I used it this past winter it worked well.  It works fairly quickly and I had no problems with it at all.
This works well! I like the larger size and it gets the job done. I bought it for my couch which tends to get tiny pilling and it took it right off. Pleased.
"This little gadget is something that most people don't use very often but when something pills up, this thing really removes the problem and leaves the fabric looking good.  Glad I decided to purchase.  Saved some clothes that would not otherwise be worn again."
"I can't get TOO excited over a pill remover, for Heaven's sake -- but as fuzz shavers go (and I seem to have owned and used an inordinate number of these gadgets in my 40+ years) this one is among the better ones. And at this price, the value is elevated further and I highly recommend it."
"This fabric shaver does a great job. I can't complain honestly, compared to some reviews on others this shaver isn't annoyingly loud, battery or lint compartment don't just fall off, it's a decent size head, the shaver is quick & battery didn't get drained but i only used it for 10 min(definitely empty the lint tray because it does slow it down when really full), and definitely don't leave holes in my garments but I'm not trying to use it on something like nylon, I think even if you did you might be safe because I used it on a knitted jacket & sweater & I had to press down to get the really thick & really short strands."
The Fuzz Wizard works well. The head is big enough and  powerful enough to clean a sweater in 5 minutes. Great clothes saver!
"This work awesome, I would buy more if needed. Maybe I wll buy for Christmas or other presents!!!!!!!!! Suggest you all buy it."
It shaves well and shaves my sweaters and sweats just fine.  I would recommend it to anyone that hates pills on their sweaters.
"This Fuzz Wizard fabric shaver is a great little tool to have in the winter or anytime you want to get rid of 'pills' on a piece of clothing. I bought it to replace my previous one that finally died after several years of use.  It is a godsend in the winter, when sweaters and fleeces get 'pilly' and almost unwearable.  After using this shaver, I get a totally new-looking piece of clothing. I never had a problem with the fabric being shaved too closely  I like it so much that I have bought it for both my daughter and my sister who are equally satisfied with it. Garments now get a new life instead of being discarded. Works great on knits too.  As others have suggested, an AC adapter would make it perfect."
"I've had this for a while now. It still works very well. I mainly use it on my daughter's PJ's (I think every time they get washed they get fuzz balls) and to get the fuzz balls off the socks, it makes look new again. Just be sure to pull the fabric snug so it is flat so you don't accidently catch a chunk and make a hole."
This shaver sucks!!  I used it on two articles and it stopped working. It worked well on the items but now shaver doesn't work at all.  I even tried two sets of brand new batteries.
"This is a great fuzz remover.  I've been able to renew several of my sweaters since purchasing it.  The only thing I noticed is that with the thicker sweaters like cable knit it doesn't give you the renewed look like it does with my the thinner sweaters. This is just my experience. I'm certain this has a lot to do with how I washed them originally. All in all you won't be disappointed and it will give life back to your sweaters, even if it's not exactly like brand new they look a whole lot better than they did before you removed the fuzz."
"This little gadget really works wonders! My son has a pure wool sweater, which my husband mistakenly washed in our washer. Needless to say there were little fuzz balls covering the entire sweater, and it looked awful. After reading the reviews online, I decided to go with this shaver. It took about 5 minutes to shave all of the fuzz balls off of the sweater and the sweater now looks brand new again. We were very impressed. I would definitely recommend this product."
"I LOVE this little gadget, but I highly recommend being cautious when using it! I use it on every knitty thing I can find and occasionally I create a hole. Its powerful and works great."
Good and seems to work very well so far so good I have only used once on a robe only once
"this works great!!!  I have bought others in the past that did not do a thing.  this one is great!  even works on old shirts, blankets, ect."
Recommend this product if you want a light weight tool to clean up the fuzz on anything from sweaters to bed linen.
I had a different version of these fabric shavers in the past and it didn't work. This one is amazing and has allowed me to wear some of my favorite sweaters for years to come. Spend the money and get this one!
When it comes to your casual clothes Nothing worse than the little fuzz balls that accumulates on sweatshirts T-shirts. This item takes care of them pretty quick and easy.
"The only problem with this de-fuzzer is the batteries drained very quickly.  Overall, it worked as described.  I don't know what more to add to that..."
Well this jumbo giant does the job on my uniform.  I wish it had a little pouch for storage because it comes with a couple small parts that's easy to get lost.
The Fuzz Wizard works really well.  Easy to use.  Nice size head so it doesn't take long to achieve your goal.
"I love it because I had it sent to a good friend who was looking for one, and she has called me every day since she got it to thank me!  Now I think I will have to order one for myself.  She says it works great!"
We just used it three times. Only I can say it's not bad. It's not very strong power to destroy clothes..So far so good!
This was exactly what I was looking for.  Does a great job.  I have tried others in the past and they were not as good.
"I had more holes in my sweater than I could count after trying to use this on it.  It just eats holes in your clothes, sadly."
This thing works perfect. It has renewed an expensive jacket that had a lot of piles on it. Great Buy
Great product really works on my sweaters. So easy to use. I would recommend this product to all my friends.
Love this purchase just what I was looking for. Highly recommended. My sweaters look like new again. Thank you for this product.
The fabric shaver works great the cover that holds the shavings is a piece of junk it falls off when using it.and shavings fly all over the place the cover does not lock on (very disappointed )  if I could return I would
This fabric shaver is larger than most but it does a great job.  You do still have to be careful about keeping the fabric flat because it will cut it.  I like the larger size because you can do a bigger job (I had throw pillows that had gotten pilly) much quicker.
"I'm glad I ordered this.  Works great for everything I've used it for.  Sweaters, sofa and more.  No complaints here."
"I was skeptical about this item, but it works exactly as it says it will. The collection bin is small and has to be emptied several times during use, but this was not an issue for me because it returned a well worn sweater back to it's orginal appearance. My sweater looks new again. Great purchase!"
Works great. Completely saved my sweaters and made them new. So easy to use and only takes a few minutes
"I have bought a few shavers for sweater ""pilling"" in my time, but this one I like.  Better than most !"
"Before buying this one, I'd purchased a cheaper version and it broke almost immediately.  This one has lasted quite some time and does a great job.  Putting up the little extra for this one was definitely worth it."
Worked perfectly on a sweater that previously couldn't be worn because of all the pilling. I would recommend this to everyone.
"So excited about this, it saved my daughters wool coat and despite the warnings against using on cashmere, it worked so well saving many of my sweaters without damaging them at all"
"This thing works out so well, it requires C batteries but that's ok, it works great for sweaters, shirts that have all that fuzz around the collars, sleeve areas."
This worked beautifully to remove those nasty little 'pills' that sweaters often get.  Sweaters look new again and for a much cheaper price than buying new ones.
This gadget works great!!!  I am actually using it so much I'm thinking about ordering another one!!  Easy to use & effective.
It does the trick for sweaters but it didn't do much for a blanket that had the fuzz balls all over it which was why I purchased it.  But it will be good to have for sweaters.
"This little guy really works. I was impressed with its power. 2 C cell batteries power this little monster and away you go. I purchased this because my sweater hoody gets those rolled up lint balls on it every time I wash it. I used this little gadget and it took care of the problem. This is something you can carry with you in your car for last minute suit or dress primping. I definitely recommend this product. I gave it 4 stars only because if I would have given it a 5 star rating it would have meant "" No room for improvements "". Everything can be improved upon. Anyway, go get yourself one, your clothes will love you for it."
First one that I've ever used that actually works! It is also large enough to get the job done quickly.
"I gave this rating because on some on fabric it works well and other such as my blankets, not so well."
The little machine de-bumped 5 nice sweaters that I thought I would have to replace.  The only effort was laying the sweaters flat on the bed and running the machine over the arm pit area and the mammary gland chest area.  The sweaters now appear new.
"the Fuzz Wizard did not do as advertised, it only got off some fuzz, not all
I returned it, since i was disappointed"
This is bigger than other fabric shavers I looked at online. It worked great on my winter coat and the edge of my couch. I would definitely recommend it.
"Used it a few times and it works fine.  It is a time saver.
Don't expect miracles.
The item came on time. It was as described and well packaged."
Have used the Fuzz Wizard for years.  Can't be without one at all.  Works well and everyone needs one on hand.
"Short and sweet... buy this thing and you will run out of batteries before your run out of things to fuzz bust.
It really works like it says, and the pictures don't do it justice.  I had a ton of old tobbogans (or beanies) that I refused to wear anymore because the get that nappy fuzz on them.  I hit those boys with this thing, and the next thing I know me and my wife are grabbing sweaters and shirts, anything with those little annoying little lintballs that make a good piece of clothing look like crap.

Buy it, you won't regret it

Side Note: after you see how awesome it is you'll want to give it as a Christmas gift cause its inexpensive and it works.  Whoever you give it to will give it the gas face, cause they think is like all the other lint shaving pieces of crap they've tried in the past.  Make sure you bring yours with you and give a demo on somebodys tobbogan (beanie), once they see it in action other people will be in line to get theirs done and your crappy gift will be a hit.

Hope this helps"
"The unit I received didn't work from the get-go (did make sure the batteries were properly inserted). Luckily there was no problem getting a quick refund through Amazon. I'm giving the shaver the benefit of doubt with a 2-star rating, since I feel I shouldn't pan an item that I never was able to use."
"Awesome Product! I gave it five stars because it is very large & covers a bigger amount of space than any other I've used. It is powerful & lightweight. I was going to buy this one 1st & chose a smaller, more inexpensive one instead. It works great but it was too small for large jobs, so I ordered this one & absolutely love it. I saw some reviews with complaints that I can't understand or relate to at all. This one also comes with a cleaning brush & a fabric guard for clothes & blankets etc...with a thicker nap. Some customers complain on any of these shavers that theirs died right away. This happens if the fuzz or threads become wrapped around inside spinning parts. It's easy to take the cover off & remove blockage & close back up. I even use canned air on mine on occasion to fully blow dust out. This is such a fantastic shaver, I recommend it to anyone looking for a fuzz/pill remover. You will not regret it!!! Do not believe any negative reviews!!! Buy this & get your clothes, sheets & certain chairs, couches & throw pillows looking new again!!"
"I've used the Fuzz Wizard on sweaters, socks, and jacket sleeves and the garments look like new.  I am very pleaed with  the results and would recommend to everyone.  It really works!"
"This is super powerful and works great - - I suggest the following:  Practice on an item you don't care about to get a feel for how it works.  Pull the cloth tight over a hard surface (I used a book but an ironing board would be perfect) and move slowly, keeping the shaver level at all times.  Be very careful over seams and stay away from any embellishment and you should be VERY happy with the results.  Took a maxi dress from worn out to gorgeous in about 20 minutes!  Enjoy!"
"worked great  saved so many of my clothes easy to use easy to clean
I highly recommend this for everyone"
"No problem with ordering or receiving.  The product itself is not powerful so you have to go over the knits serveral times to remove them and I certainly would not classify it as ""Professional""  I had problems getting the batteries in before it would start, and yes I know how to install them correctly!!"
"The fuzz is removed very easily,  the wizard  is easy to use and  and makes the sweater look like new..  LK"
Does not shave as much lint off of my sweaters as I was wishing for. Would not purchase again. No
So far I've tried three different defuzzers and this definitely works the best. I'm an advid knitter so I use it all the time.
This item works really well and doesn't damage my clothes. I was a little concerned it would be  junk but was pleasantly surprised. Easy to use.
"I just shaved my entire sweater coat and it did a very good job. Of course the sweater doesn't look like it did when I first bought it, but overall I am very happy with the Fuzz Wizard."
"Fuzz remover works fairly well. Not for all fabrics but it serves the purpose I bought it for. Much easier than using a razor and taking a chance of ruining the material. You have to go over the item several times as many of the reviews say, however it does work and it does remove the hard to get fuzzies. I am glad I bought it!"
"This little guy works and has already saved me money because my clothes look brand new!  It runs on batteries, but runs a long time."
"I was on the search for an electric fabric shaver because my delicate, rayon/ merino wool sweater accidentally sneaked into my laundry load (yikes)! When I took it out of the dryer, it pilled like crazy! Little red pills gathered all over my freshly washed clothes and my brand new sweater was ruined. I saw the fuzz wizard and had some hope that my beautiful sweater could be saved!

Once I received it in the mail, I saw that it was very poorly packaged. It was impossible to get out without ripping it apart. I was trying not rip anything in case I wanted to return it, but oh well. When I finally got the little bugger out of the box, I saw that I wasn't given the cleaner brush for the blades. Also, I could not get the fabric guard on. I tried for 25 minutes until I gave up. It just didn't fit and was frustrating. It was a very disappointing start.

Once I started using the product, I didn't see an immediate difference. I was very worried that I had to pull the plug on my gorgeous sweater, but after going over the first half of my sweater a few times, I stepped back and saw there was a HUGE difference! I was very happy and continued to shave those evil little pills off. I don't think it got ALL the pills so that it looked brand new, but it got about 90% of them. The ones it didn't get were very tiny and not too noticeable. Turns out I didn't need the fabric guard at all! Even though my sweater was super thin and delicate, it didn't make any holes (and this was my first time ever using one).

It was very time consuming; took me a little over an hour (but my sweater was REALLY bad). I did have to empty the lint case about 6 times, but that didn't bother me. A lot of people complained about that, but if they were to make the container bigger, then the whole product would feel bulky and ugly. People also complained it consumed the battery life in a short period of time. DON'T BE FOOLED BY THAT. My shaver lasted my entire hour of constant shaving with strong power throughout the shave. My guess is that their shaver started to get clogged or the cap wasn't on tight enough. The batteries are very expensive, but this shaver isn't going to be used on a daily basis so that's not too bad either.

Overall, this little gadget saved my sweater and did a decent job doing it. It's well worth the price and I'm definitely keeping it for future use. In my opinion, you should definitely choose this over the other really expensive ones!"
"I have had a problem with dark colored socks coming out of the dryer with pilllings and lint stuck to them so tight, that it would probably take a week to pick them off. I tried rolling tape, that did not work. I've tried putting my socks into a mesh bag before drying, that did not work.  I bought this Fuzz Wizard and I was amazed how clean it got my socks within minutes! Problem is solved and I am very glad I have this little travel sized fabric shaver. Thank you Amazon!"
This product worked as well as I had wished for! The price was right as well and I would recommend to anyone looking for this type of product.
Shaves every lent i used with it makes clothes look new after washes and things pulled out of closet especially coats.
The item is really an electric shaver for sweaters that pill. It has a transparent compartment for shavings so you know how much wool has been removed as you use it.
I've used other fabric shavers before but this one is the best. It's perfect for all types of fabrics. it's just great and I would recommend it to everyone.
"This little thing really works! There is a small fuzz catcher that you need to empty, but it's easy to do."
"Went by all the comments from others.  It works for the most part, but it takes forever!  If you can afford to pay more, I'd go for on of the more expense ones."
"This fuzz remover is outstanding. my sofa turned to just new. I would highly recommend it, because you will never regret  the penny u spend on this valuable item."
"I've had the ""junior"" fuzz-buster for many years, but my new larger model is a ""10"", and works like a mini rotary mower for nubs on your clothing."
"All of my cashmere looks new now. IT does not do as well on pashmina, but it can work. A great purchase all around."
"removed all the balls, small and large, from the fleece jacket that I accidently put in the dryer with new, freshly washed towels."
"I would like to write a huge heart-felt thank you note to the person who invented the fabric shaver. I never thought I could get so much joy from such a simple machine. This one is amazeballs. I got it today, popped in two C batteries (not included), and went to work on my comforter that acquired some massive pilling areas that were ANNOYING THE HECK OUT OF ME. I didn't even read the instructions or use any kind of included attachments. After a short few minutes of sweet success, I gathered my whole family around to watch it's amazingness. It's a miracle worker. I could fabric shave all day long. Really, someone should pay me. I'm not sure how I ever lived without it and you can bet some very lucky friends and family members will be getting one from me soon. EVERYONE SHALL LOVE THIS AS MUCH AS ME....MUHAHAHAHAHAHAHA"
"I already had a smaller version but thought the larger one would work easier. Found they work the same just the larger one covers a larger area...but found I still have to go over and over the same area on the fabric. I'm sure I will use it whenever needed. It definitely ""refreshes"" sweaters and other clothing items that fuzz or ""ball"" up."
"I bought this product because the reviews were stellar.  For me, this product didn't produce the advertised results.  Actually, it produced no results at all."
This shaver quit working after a little over two months. Amazon won't take it back because it has been over 30 days. What a waste of money.
"This is so easy to use, and does just what it is supposed to!  Gotta love a product that performs as expected!"
"I bought something similar a few years ago and it stopped working after 2-3 sweaters.  This one has been working well for probably about 10 sweaters - it isn't all that fast, and two or three times I must have let the fabric bunch up because it snagged and cut a small hole in my sweater, but overall if you're patient and careful, this is a good product."
"I don't really have any possibility to compare with another device from another brand but this one works well even with big fuzz. My advice: use on a flat clothes on a table, move slowly and gently (meaning don't press it too much on the fabric) and for recalcitrant fuzz, a slight round movement should do it."
"This little gadget works great, it has restored sweaters that I thought I would never be able to wear again. It is like a little vacuum. I used it on all of my sweaters including cashmere. I would highly recommend this to anyone."
"Exactly what I am looking for.
It is a very useful tool that I recommend every household should keep one."
"I really like it. However, I do recommend always using the fabric guard because it will cut a hole in your clothes; don't ask me how I know ;) Highly recommend!"
"It eats batteries almost as fast as it eats fuzz. I still think it is worth while, but a lot better if you use rechargeables."
"So far, so good.  This little guy works well and get the job done.  I really appreciate that my sweaters don't look so worn once they are ""de-fuzzed."""
"This worked great an sweaters and sweat shirt.  I just flattend them out on top of washer and  shaved away.  I was ready to toss those clothes out, they looked so worn but good as new now."
"I ordered this to help my hand knit objects look better after years of use. It got the fuzz without damaging the knitting. It also seemed to brighten the knitting up a bit, making it look new."
"This is the best little shaver I've found.  Works like a charm--it has saved clothes items that I thought were bound for the trash bin.  I've bought one for my mom, sister, mother in law......everyone needs one!"
"too small to work...maybe 'barbie' could use this thing for her little sweaters....no, and I mean no power. is this a joke?"
"The ""Fuzz Wizard Professional Quality Fabric Shaver"" is very cheaply constructed and doesn't work. I received it on December 31, 2013, and used it the following day on a wool blanket.  It did not remove any of the fuzz.  There is no way for me to return it, since I had to use scissors to remove the cardboard packaging.  The original packaging is required on returned items.  I am probably going to throw the ""shaver"" away so that it does not take up storage room, because I will never use it again."
Arrived quickly but It does not work at all on a wool coat. It is definetly a waste of money.
Great for any material that pills. Uses the battery very quickly. We used it on our couch cushions and on a shrt.
"This works great, but go easy. I was kind of careless and cut a whole in a really nice sweater with it."
"I had a small fabric cleaner that worked well for years.  This was much bigger and works very well.  With all the brands, sizes, and various reviews, it was hard to choose a new one.  The Fuzz Wizad does a very good job and I am happy with it.  I would recommend it to others."
This works quite well but in order to defuzz one sweater it uses up the batteries completely. Basically it will use a set of batteries for each thing you want to defuzz. :(
"Received this as a Christmas present, eagerly opened it and inserted new batteries - I have a number of sweaters that could be saved with a great fabric shaver. This one isn't it. I made it through the front half of one sweater before the thing completely died. Replaced batteries to see if that would help but it did not. I have had things from a dollar store that lasted longer than this did. Ridiculous and, even though it is not in ""new"" condition since I used it for that quarter of a sweater, I am going to request a refund. A replacement/exchange would only be a waste of time, effort, and shipping. What a shame. In looking through the reviews, it appears this product has not improved at all since other customers have had issues over the last few years. I'd strongly urge you not to buy this product, it was a complete disappointment."
"This little gadget is fantastic. I've used I to defuzz some wool socks and sweaters. One sweater was even a cable knit. Now they all look brand new. As for those who commented that it made holes in their clothes, I think they must have been using it wrong and holding it too long in one place or pressing too hard."
This Fuzz Wizard did a great job on 2 of my sweaters that I did so far. Finally a product that delivers as advertised.
This actually works very well despite how it looks. When I received I thought it would not do a good job but I was wrong.
"Much better quality than the fabric shavers I've used in the past. Because it takes so many big batteries, it maintains a steady power over a long period of time for defuzzing large woolen items."
Works well gets the job done and the price is unbeatable easy to clean also I highly recomend this product
"Works Well, used it on a Fuzzy sofa.
I havre a mattress that is pilling quite a bit and this helps, but is not the perfect solution. What works best is a sweater stone which I would recomend before you get this.

That being said this works well for smaller pilling spots and is no mess."
This was perfect for me because I had many pieces of clothes that just needed a good shaving.  Easy to use and works great!
"Does work.  Shaved many small balls off my kids cheap trendy sweater and I can stand to see her wear it a little longer now.  The little motor sorts of suctionsthe balls.  If the balls are small and tight to fabric you may need to hold it up to the screen instead of laying it flat.  Sort of tricky to hold it.  My usual way of holding it made the fuzz holder pop open, but got used to it."
"Fuzz Wizard works really well. I have tried other similar products that family and friends have. This one seems to do better at getting the pills off and not damaging fabrics, even slubby sweaters. Love it. Gift worthy."
Works well. I ordered another brand previously and it didn't work. Unfortunately I didn't use that one right away and it was too late to return.
"I adore this little contraption!!!  I only wish I'd found it sooner . . . prior to me pitching some sweaters and coats because of fuzz balls.  This thing is amazing.  Where have I been that I didn't know something like this existed to extend the life of my clothing.  Very impressed.  Upon initial use, I cut a sweater a wee bit but not to the point of ruin.  After getting the touch down I moved on to other sweaters and to my coats I've pulled out for winter wear.  Between this and the JM fabric steamer I am loving refreshing (from spring/summer storage smell) my clothing that I thought I'd have to replace, many of which were my favorites 'hence them still being around with fuzz' (I know, not the best look . . . but that is not the case any more!!!).

My rambling rave review is over.  I am very pleased and will recommend this to family and friends."
The best shaver I've bought in twenty years.  Had my doubts but it is an awesome shaver.  Restored my bedspread back to looking new.
"It never worked, it was crap. I wasted my money! Sorry I ever ordered it! Don/t purchaed this! Never again!"
"The Fuzz Wizard works likes magic. I ordered a smaller, cheaper unit initially but it stopped working before I finished using it on one piece of clothing. I have used the Fuzz Wizard on several garments now and they look brand new. One of my sons jackets was completely covered with those ugly little fuzz balls. I wanted to get rid of the jacket, but he loved it. I used the Fuzz Wizard on the jacket and then hung it on the coat rack. When my son saw it he couldn't believe that it looked new again and he asked me how I did it. This is a purchase well worth the money, I wish I would have tried one years ago, I could have saved a lot of pieces of clothing from the trash bin."
"Poor quality. Cheap, lightweight blades that rattled as they tried to go around. The first and only time I used it the unit worked for a few minutes and then died. What a waste of money."
Love this little thing! It does exactly what it is supposed to do. My clothes look as good as new!
"My sweaters look brand new again. This is a great fuzz eating device. It is also big, so you aren't ""defuzzing"" forever!"
"This takes a while, but it does the job. I think if you use it all the time it would be best. After you wear the sweater just go over it.
It has a small clipping holder so you do have to remember to empty it while you work."
"This is a handy-dandy machine, it's comfortable in your hand, no pressure is required to remove lint, just glide it over your items and voila lint free garments. I'm happy I purchased it."
I bought this for myself and my sister and it is an Excellent product. It shaves all the fuss off my sweaters and my tee shirts. I read in previous reviews that is snags thin shirt material but I resolved that by wearing my shirt as I shaved it. I have had no such problem with snags. I love this fabric shaver and I highly recommend this product.
"I am very pleased with this product so far...I received the product before my anticipated date of delivery; which was super!!! I used the product as soon as I received it on two hats and it worked perfectly!! I was so thrilled that it didn't snag my hats like others may have posted; not to say that it may never snag any of my items, but right now I'm very happy with my Fabric Shaver. The product is small enough to fit in one hand without the bulkiness and the head is large enough to cover a significant amount of surface. So, I'm giving a 5 star because the delivery time was earlier than expected and for the product itself :)"
Used this on my thick sweater. It now looks brand new! I got this pone in particular because of the higher review vs the lower ones. I definitely recommend this one!
Bought for my daughter so I don't know how it works. I have not heard any complaints which is a good thing when you buy something for her so I assume it is good.
My wife wanted to try this so I ordered it for her. She could not be happier because she gets a little more time to wear her favorite things which she previously would have tossed out. Now those items she likes can be saved for a time. Shes happy I'm happy.
"My daughter sat on a foam mat at gymnastic class and the backside of her new lycra outfit was covered in 'pills'.  I attempted to pick them off but the fabric pulled along with them. I'm generally a skeptic, but I read the reviews and figured I had nothing to lose to try this little gadget.  It worked wonders!!! It took all of 2 minutes to eliminate every last pill from the backside of her shorts.  It slides right over the fabric, no pulls or snags on the material. Absolutely loved it."
"These things are temperamental on a good day, however this item is worthless. It kills brand new batteries in less than 15 seconds. I thought something was wrong with the first set of batteries so I bought new ones today and had the same results. I waited too long to use it and now I cant return it. Bad deal all the way around! Don't buy the Fuzz Wizard. Deserves a negative 5 brown star rating."
"Believe me when I say this, click on the ""See all 4 customer images"" on the top page where the image is, you will see the old sock that I found in the garage before and after. One of the thing I can say cheap miracle machine."
"Not super high powered but gets the job done!  Exactly as advertised.  It does a fine job of removing fuzz and pilled up fabric.  Had a few sweatshirts that were looking all raggedy and this made them look like new.  $11 for the fabric shaver definitely beats buying new clothes.  Easy to open and empty, just be careful of the blade.  Makes a really satisfying chopping noise when it hits fabric pills."
"I was very surpised at how well this worked.  I've used this on socks, coats, sweaters just about everything. I would recommend this product."
"It was the best shaver I've  brought, and I have purchase many different ones, lasted a long time until my son dropped it on the floor recently. Will purchase another one soon!"
"I was looking for something to remove the fuzzies/fabric pills off my couch and recliner. This has worked like a charm. I do go slow and make sure I have the ""fabric guard"" on, but the couch and recliner look so much better now."
"I have been using the same small clothes shaver for years--they seem to last forever!  But I wanted to upgrade to something bigger and newer, and this shaver fit the bill.  It's awesome!  I actually used it to shave the pills off my couch, and it took no time with the large shaving surface and did a fabulous job!  It even comes with a ring to use for more delicate fabrics.  I am very pleased with this product and its performance."
I like to use this on my sweaters when they get balled up. I do wish it was bigger but it is probably the best size for traveling!
I purchased this product mainly for my knits such as leggings and tops.  As much as I pay for my clothes it never fails that they end up getting the worn look before their time. I could not believe how quickly this product removed the fuzz and pilling from my clothes.  A definite must if you wear a lot of knits.
Love it. Wish it had an AC plug for enviromental reasons. That would make it perfect. The box it comes in is heavy cardboard so it is good to keep all the little pieces together.
"It is very good and useful. It is easy to operate, you just need to buy two C batteries. Buy it! The correct choice."
"Hi

Very Fast Shipment. Worked Great Removing Cotton Balls From My Vintage Schott Bomber Jacket From The 70's.
Runs on 2- ""C"" Batteries. Easy to Clean after you Finish. It is a Must have Tool."
"I own a Laura Ashley comforter and after 4 months I noticed pilling fuzz balls forming on 2 of the decorative fabric strips.  I started pulling them off by hand and that was mindless and a waste of time. I didn't want a complicated contraption with lots of pieces to keep track of.  I bought the simple hand held fuzz wizard to remove the pilling and in quick order I was whisking across the fabric removing every single piece of fuzz with ease! Then I emptied out the reservoir onto my hand to see how much it caught and to my surprise, it found a lot more than I thought and more then I saw with my eyes. Great product. I've owned it for a week so far and I plan to use it a whole lot more and will challenge it on all sorts of items now that I see what it can do."
"Very good compared to others. I tend to use frequently sweaters. fabrics , etc. You have to be very careful while using!!"
"This thing works great. I had a smaller cheaper one i lost in a flood. replaced it with this. strong motor. good job. haven't noticed any pulling of threads. I can probably happen with any one you buy. great price. The Seller had fast shiping just as described.
 highly recommend for making your old clothes look new again."
"I did not purchase mine on amazon, but I decided I needed to review it. It works so well, I'm rescuing so many of my garments. I have no other fabric shaver to compare it to. I highly recommend following the instructions: inspect clothing for loose threads and holes because this product will probably harm your clothing if it catches on any snags. Also, you barely need to put any pressure on the fabric at all, sort of let it float over the fabric to remove the pills. Don't go too quickly either. Unfortunately, you need to empty the fuzz catching tray at least 5 times per garment, especially if they are thick wool or something. but what else could be expected? I highly recommend this product; it is improving the look of my pilly garments even though it takes a little while."
This was exactly what I needed for my sweaters.  works very good and all you need to do is be patient & not rush to get the lint off.
"I paid a professional dry cleaner 25 bucks a pop or something ridiculous to shave some of my work sweaters. I swear they didn't look that much better when they came back. But this thing is awesome. But be careful, it will take a chunk out of the fabric if you don't hold it flat. I get impatient and that's what i get. lol"
I only did one sweater and the item stopped working ... changed batteries and still no power.  Not a happy camper with this product. Cost me more trouble and money to return it than it was worth.
I have prurchased other fuzz shavers previously---this one did nothing what so ever...I replaced the batteries twice to make sure it wasn't weakened by bad batteries---it was a poor unit...
Did a lot of research on these shavers but kept coming back to this one. For the money this was the best value. Good results so far. I did not see the point in the high end products when you consider what it is they do. Maybe over time I might have a different opinion but the for the limited use it I should last.
I have tried several different fuzz removers even one that plugs in and the Fuzz Wizard is by far the very best!!! I thrift shop and it makes the clothes look new. Sometimes I can't believe the results I get. It makes the old look new.
"Always leery of ""As Seen on TV"" products, but it has worked well so far to removes the annoying fuzz from many tops and sweaters."
"This works EXTREMELY well. However, after a couple of minutes, it seemed to be 'dying'. I was so incredibly disgusted because some of the reviews talked about how it failed after just a few uses. I just couldn't believe it was happening. So, I took out one battery (so that I wouldn't turn it on by accident when checking blades... I'm a klutz), only to discover that it had cut off so much fuzz,  it wrapped around the turn-shaft to which the fan is attached. I couldn't get it off with the included lint brush, so  got a pair of tweezers to clean it all off. That did the trick!  So in effect, it works so well, that one needs to stop frequently - not just to empty the little fuzz catching container, but to unwrap the fuzz from around the turn-shaft (or whatever its official name is). It's a bit of a pain, but certainly worth the results!  I will be keeping this cheap pair of tweezers in the box with the Fuzz Wizard because the little lint brush is relatively useless for when fuzz actually gets wrapped around the shaft.  But again... the blades are very sharp. I would highly recommend taking out a battery before uncovering the blades. [You wouldn't want to accidentally turn the dang thing on ... as one could cut their fingers ""to pieces."""
"Stop your search and buy this, you won't be disappointed.  Does what it advertises and does it well.  Made a favorite sweatshirt look like new.  Would definitely recommend."
"Used this on my couch and it looks brand new. I did not use the guard, and there were no issues whatsoever with damage to the fabric on the couch. I did not use on any clothing, but if you want a good way to de-fuzz your couch, I highly recommend this. It is a slow process but worth it."
I sell vintage clothes and this works wonderfully on the fabrics gently cutting off the pilling w/o destruction to the fabric. I've also used them on sweaters ready to go and have brought them back to my closet. I keep it in my sewing box and use it all of the time.
I had this for 1 month before it just stopped working for no reason. It did work very good until then.  I guess you get what you pay for.
This electric shaver is awesome! You cant press to hard like some dummies may or it can snag your cloths but if you do it right it is the best shaver ever.
This larger version of a smaller de-fuzzer I had works SO much better.  More power.  It is great for my knitted/felted projects.
"This actually is pretty good for smaller things. The batteries die fast, but then again, I used it on my couch, probably a bigger project than it was intended for. But works!"
I got this because my old one gave out (after about 5 years!). These work really well. They can take a sweater from shabby to sleek in no time!
"This is a Great tool! Fuzz chamber needs frequent emptying, but w/patience, it's awesome :) it is Definitely worth the price!"
This product is wonderful!  It removes fuzz and lint very quickly and I have yet to replace the batteries.  It is durable and I am certain that I will get many years of service from it.
"Bought in 2012 - it's been a year of usage. works great. Removes lints and pills effectively. Buying another one.
I bought this product after research and it turned out to be a good buy."
"dont press too hard with any of these and you won't mow off all of your fabric. This is one that actually works, but if you mash it in the fabric, you can end up shaving it down too far"
I love this product and have Reccomended it to many friends.  Does hat it says it will!  Excellent product.  Strongly recommend.
It does a great job on the sweaters. It is easy to use and this is the only time I like to vacuum.
"I've had this for several weeks now and I've used it a lot already. I've used this on cottons and poly/cotton blends that have pilled. Works like a champ, exactly as it says. Definitely worth the money!"
"I use this to de-fuzz my hand-knitted socks. It is more powerful and effective than other shavers I've used, and has a nice large vessel, so you do not have to stop and empty it as often. I'm always careful about pressure, and not catching textured knits in the blade. As long as you pay attention and use some caution, you won't ruin anything."
"This gets the job done, a little larger than I hoped and really hard to get out of the box. But for the money it works fine."
I never knew this contraption existed and I love it.  Popped in two batteries and Voila it worked great. I recommend it to everyone.
I bought it for my wife to use on her work close and she absolutely loves it.  It is a must by if you have problems with fuzz balls.
This product is very low power. I could pull the fuzz off better. Waste of money. Don't buy it. a
"was able to use once and then it just would not turn on again. Changed batteries and everything I could think of....nothing!!
The only reason it is getting a star at all is because I can't move forward with out it."
I like this shaver because it isn't over done.  It's worth the money because it isn't too sharp or too fast.  I've used it on bed sheets to socks.  I shaved an entire queen size sheet and the batteries didn't even slow down.  My 600 thread count sheets were full of piles which made them feel like sleeping on sand.  I got this shaver just for my sheets which were very expensive and I didn't want to toss them to the dog bed.  After I shaved them they were like new again.  I have several cotton tops that get fuzzy under the arms and this shaver takes care of that as well.  I've used it on delicate fabrics and it hasn't cut any of them.  It empties easily and has a shaver cover and cleaning brush as well.  Cotton socks are bad to pile too and this will make them like new.  It worked on my baby blankets as well.
"i wasn't sure which product to select, but am glad i chose this one ...... it took care of the fuzz problem on my jacket"
"I had originally purchased this product at Bed, Bath and Beyond for my mom. She liked it so much I wanted one too. Unfortunately they quit carrying this brand. I couldn't find it at EBAY. I knew Amazon would come through for me. It takes a C battery instead of the AA's. It fits perfectly in your hand to do a very nice job."
more effective getting rid of fuzz balls than my older shavers. It will be fun to rejuvinate my sweaters next winter.
It gets the job done Ive had it about 6 months my gear has no fuzz. The price is right
"On a whim I desperately needed a fabric shaver...but I thought these were a thing of 1990s past. I typed ""fabric shaver"" into amazon and this is one of the products that came up. I was so excited! It works like a charm! The reservoir for holding fuzz fills up fast, so you have to empty frequently so it doesn't cause the blade to stop spinning. I'm thinking about getting a second one for backup."
"I was going to stop purchasing lulu all together because the pilling was driving me insane, this removes it all!"
"I use this all the time on my sweaters and can't believe how it helps them to look like new again! The lint collector is small and has to be emptied frequently, but I don't mind because of how well the product works!"
Great product at a reasonable price. I had two expensive knit polo shirts that were pilled pretty badly from the strap carrying a messenger bag. The shaver cleaned up the pilling and the shirts look great now. A really minimal investment to save a few hundred$ worth of clothing!
I love this fabric shaver.  Easy to use and it really gets all the lint off my daughter's school uniforms.
"So far it works well, although I've only used it once.  Time will tell if it continues to do the job."
I do have to say that it will do the job for the price of the item. There are more products available on Amazon which are more expensive and probably do the same job
Have had this for a while now and it has worked great on my kids sweaters that were in need of fuzz shaving.
"I've had this product for several months and haven't yet needed to replace the C battery in it. It gently removes the fuzzies from sweaters, yoga pants, skirts, and wool hats/mittens. There are places where I notice I need to be careful not to push too hard, otherwise it might cut a hole... but I haven't had any accidents yet! It fills up quickly. It's saved several sweaters from being retired months ago!"
This does the job quite well.  I use it on my blanket and outer garments to get off the fuzz balls.
"This is a five star product from my experience.  It shaved the ""pills"" from my favorite jacket. Great job!
Pat"
"I never leave online reviews for products I purchase, but I felt compelled this time.  There are a lot of negative reviews of this item and they are b.s.  First of all, a company would not continue to manufacture and sell a defective product, so there's your first hint.  Second, I tried this on several different fabrics so far and one is a fine wool, a thick and loose-knit afghan.  NO PROBLEMS.  This item works perfectly.  The people who give items bad reviews and criticize how they operate are people who either don't use it right or have ridiculous expectations.  It's never 'operator error', it's always the product that's at fault.  Not in this case.  It works as described.  Just follow the instructions!"
I was about to toss a dress I loved bc it developed 'fuzz' on the sides. Then I found this product. My dress looks almost like new again. Note that batteries need to be purchased separately.
"product works as promised, has had a lot of use since I received it, no issues, I am extremely satisfied"
"I was able to clean up a sweater that had pilled a lot. It was a very slow process, but I had no snafu's. I did try it on a cotton/rayon fabric that was fairly thin and it did not work well, and it did pick up a loose thread end. I will be sticking to sweaters."
This item works better than any other Fabric Shaver I have had! It is economical and I would recommend it to anyone wanting a Shaver.  We have a Bridal store and sometimes we get fuzz like damages on some of our satin and jersey gowns and this little shaver saves the gowns.
"The Fuzz Wizard eats its competition just like it eats up fuzz!

Previous to the Fuzz Wizard, I owned a cheap clothes shaver (same price as the Fuzz Wizard but horrible quality) that I picked up in a pinch from a local craft store. The grill on the cheap one cracked and it would make horrible noises. This one however...

IS FANTASTIC!

Want to get all the piling off your blankets? The Fuzz Wizard is ready for the task. My girlfriend was in a state of hysteria over the fuzz balls all over the blanket until I handed her the Wizard. Her eyes lit up and she proceeded to decimate those little fuzzy annoyances. I was the hero of the day thanks to the Fuzz Wizard!"
My mother has owned one of these for years and I kept meaning to get one myself.  It's easy to use and definately restores the life to pilled fabric.
"I bought so many fabric shavers but Fuzz Wizard really stands for its description ( Professional quality). I was looking for a fabric shaver that runs smoothly without stopping every minute and does not damage the fabric. Finally I found it. It is amazing, now I don't have to spend money on Cleaners. It is just awesome."
"This shaver has done a great job on all fabrics I've tried it on -- sweaters, quilts, even socks.  The fabric guard doesn't fit, so I can't use it, but I see no need for it so it isn't an issue for me.  I like the size -- it's perfect!"
"The product was very effective and made short work of the pills on several garments.  However, when held normally, I found that the cover that holds the trimmed fabric kept coming off.  It is designed to fit snugly, but in my case, it kept slipping off.  This happened shortly after I started using it, so I assume it is either a small design or manufacturing problem.  I tried a thick rubber band to make sure it stayed attached, and that helped, but one still had to be careful.

For the price, it's just fine.  I noticed a much more expensive model that has a dedicated handle, which would address the problem I ran into, though spending the additional $15 or so on that model would only make sense if a person was going to use this frequently."
was disappointed to see it was from China... not too effective for what i needed as i had heavy duty fuzz
Hard to  install batteries and bat cover does not lock down . Does great job on fuzz removal! I would recommend.
"This is exactly what I needed. It fits nice in my hand, and it comes with a guard to use if you have a delicate shirt or sweater. As soon as I received  it I put it to use on 4 items and they look brand new again. The fuzz container does fill up quickly, but I expected that! ;) Takes two C Batters, luckily I had some. Thank you!"
Worked just as advertises. Handles is good and a very good size.  Worth the price by far then any other.
"This item is not clothing, so the size, color and fit do not apply. I am pleased with the sweater pill remover."
"Came speedily with no problems - like everything else I've ordered thru Amazon.  The shaver does the job better than any other product I've used including electric shavers by other manufacturers.  The fuzz collection area is small and wish it were larger because have to empty it frequently. The design of the shaver is such that it is easy to handle and with care the lint collector does not come off during use.  Have had this since Nov. 2012 and use it often on socks (non cotton), sweats (cotton and cotton/poly), yoga pants (cotton, cotton/poly, and poly) with no problems.  Adjust the pressure you apply and sometimes go over the same area to totally remove the pills and you should have no problem.  Construction is perfect, still using same batteries after 7 months, it travels with us frequently.  Amazon's price was better than Walmart's and every other store that carries this brand."
"Worth every penny. Tried others, but this is so much better. You have so many products just a click away."
"This machine is useless.  I had another fabric shaver that lasted 3 years and this product did not last 3 weeks without cutting off after sweater number 3.  I mean it is a serious waste of money.  The motor does not work well, it keeps cutting off while shaving the fabric."
Worked as advertised. My Moms sweater had heavy fuzz on it and shaver took it all off. I would recommend
"I love that it is easy to use and handle. It removed 95% of the pills and fuzz from my favorite sweater! That's an extra plus in my book, especially considering how it used to look!"
"This is a product for the home. It's not very powerful, but it works for the occasional sweater or pant. I used it on a small mat and it took a while, but it came out nice and thingy-free.
It takes a while to remove all the fuzz if the item is big, and you have to go over the same place about three times. But once you're done, it's worth it  to have a clean item. Don't expect it to be too ""professional"". It's actually pretty small."
I thought this product would be great because of it's larger size... I thought wrong.  It barely shaves anything.  I have to keep going over and over and over and over the same spot and then it still doesn't get all the fuzz.  What a major disappointment and waste of my money!!!
"I had seen some reviews saying that it ripped holes in delicate fabrics and it sure does if you aren't careful when going over seams or wrinkles! But when I am careful with it I am very happy with the results, it took a TON of lint fuzzies off my baby's clothes and made them look so much better."
"I bought this because a new sweater was really pilling up more that I had imagined, but this giant shaver, really does the job and the cover for removing the lint is very easy to use."
"I buy alot of my clothes from Forever21 and places like that, and they have a lot of knit clothing, and after awhile little fuzz builds up on them, and it looks awful, then just sits in my closet for months, till now! I love this! It gets rid of the fuzz build up very well, I about de-fuzzed my entire wardrobe in one sitting! It does take two double C batteries that don't come w/ it, so keep that in mind, also it does take awhile to de-fuzz stuff so be patient, also make sure your using it on a flat surface, and the clothing is as smooth as you can get it, don't go over any bumps/wrinkles on clothing w/ this, b/c the fabric will go into the machine and it will get cut, that has happened to a few times, but the cuts aren't major, and not very noticeable. Overall great purchase!"
"just wanna say, I love it! It is a very useful tool! it will makes your clothes look better than before."
Good price. It works great. I am very happy. Every thing looks like new. I'm happy.  I would recommend to buy.
I have been looking for a fabric shaver that worked well and couldn't find one. This one is great! Works well on my clothes and the kids. I would recommend this to anyone looking for a fabric shaver!
I am pleased with this item!  It works very well!  The only drawback is that the lint holder is small.
"Recieved this item and DID have an issue with the batteries, the diagram showing which way the battery was supposed to be installed was not right...but after i got it running it did what it was supposed to do and i was pleased with the item...BUT, beware!  if you run across a bunched up area of material, it may pick up the material and pull a hole in it.  that happened to me twice when i was in a hurry.  just be sure the material is held out taught and/or flat when using the item, this issue may be with all similar items to do this, i don't know, but be careful, but it does work."
This fabric shaver works great I am very impressed my son had a pair of sweat pants with fuzz all over them that I couldn't get off with a lint brush and now his sweat pants look brand new again from using the fabric shaver on them.
"I was skeptical on whether this would work. Surprisingly I've never heard of a fabric shaver before so this is my first experience with one. I used it on a cotton shirt that noticeably had some piling, the fuzz wizard seemed to take a layer off of the shirt making it like it was newer. However, I would advise to use it with caution. When running it over the sleeves, it seemed to have cut the edge of it. That may have been my fault being that it wasn't flat enough. However, I was comfortable enough to use it on the cotton shirt, maybe not so much on more delicate fabrics. Although, they do provide you with a fabric guard for more delicate items.

The device is easy to use, just one switch that turns off and on. The fuzz is easy to remove as the front latch just slides off and it's kind of cool to see how much it has removed. I would recommend this product."
"For the price, it performed well enough.  I had to go over the fabric more times that I would have expected.  It did not do well on softer knits, e.g., cashmere."
This thing is fantastic. I wish it came with an AC Adapter cause you can burn through batteries. One set of batteries did an entire jacket that was covered in fuzz.
"The day I took it out of the box and put in the batteries it didn't work.  I purchased new batteries and then it worked. Two days later I tried to use it again and it didn't work, put new batteries again (just in case) but nothing.  I noticed that the on-off switch was wobbly.
What a waste of my money."
"Works great. Easy to use, Would recommend to anyone that needs something like it. Cleaned up an Under Armour 1/4 zip I washed with towels and it got pills all over it. Took about 5 minutes. I was going to throw the garmet out! Pill catcher is simple to unload and you can start on something else. I'm sure you won't be disappointed!!"
"I bought this Fuzz Wizard because it was very inexpensive and I wanted to see how a product like this works.  In fact it works surprisingly well for the $10 I paid...I mean common, what can someone expect from a product that costs $10!  In time (it was slow and I had to stop very frequently to empty the fuzz storage container) I was able to get all the balls off an old cardigan sweater that was covered with them.  Using this product told me exactly what I wanted to know-if I can find a truly well-made product, it should work great and last a long time."
I bought this product because my wool jacket had accumulated a lot of fuzz on it.  The shaver did a great job of removing it.
"This sweater shaver is much nicer than the type sold in stores. It has a large head so doing a sweater takes no time at all. Sweaters come out looking like new. I also use it for anything with ""pills"" or ""fuzz"" including upholstery. I can't live without it.  It was well packaged for mailing and came quicker than indicated. I'm buying one for everyone for Christmas."
"The product is okay, I've owned shavers before this one isn't any better then those in the past.  It will serve the purpose for now."
Excellent gift for my son in law. He has defuzzed all of his sweaters already and loves it. Good choice
"This thing removes all the nasty fuzzballs that make otherwise nice sweaters and coats look old. So far I have used this on a wool coat, cashmere sweater, and even thin cotton sweaters. I followed the instructions posted by other reviewers and kept the items completely flat before gently running the fabric shaver over the affected surface. No cuts or tears in the fabric, and a ton of lint comes off the clothing. Super handy and fun to use. It would be nice if it could plug into the wall to charge, as C batteries can get expensive. I have used this item approximately 8 times and haven't had to change the battery yet, so the energy efficiency remains to be seen. Overall, I think this product is fantastic."
the weight balance is totally off on this and it broke the first time I used it. I taped it back together and it works great on most things. Its not as effective on wider knits sweaters
Worked like a charm.  Renewed my sweater. I had a beautiful vest and it shaved all the pill and I feel good wearing that vest/sweater again.
It works like a charm but the canister that holds the lint slides off sometimes while in use resulting in a large lint mess.
This is such an excellent fuzzball razo! I have had one other before this one and it totally pales in comparison. The larger handle and head is easier to grip and doesn't take as long to complete the task at hand...no punintended!
"This little ""gadget"" is a must-have.  I didn't realize how many sweaters I had that needed to be spruced up and made to look brand new again.  Simple to use, gobbles up all those unsightly fuzz balls in an instant."
Only sweater shaver I've found that works to perfection and a great price.  I was going to donate my sweater until I tried this shaver on all the fuzz to make it look renewed.
"It is doing exactly what I expected it to do.  Planning to buy another one for a gift, to a friend."
"This shaver really improves the look of used clothing items as long as we are selective about which items we use it on.  With thinner materials, it sometimes creates holes but for thicker materials, it cleans them up nicely.  We have used it so much already, we already had to change the battery!  Emptying out the fuzz is easy too.  Very happy with this product!"
"This has been a lifesaver! No more living with pills, and my family's socks are so happy :)
my only problem is that now I have to buy another one because my son ""stole"" mine, he keeps it in his room."
"This product did a great job in removing the accumulated fuzz balls on my sweaters--much better than I had expected it to do. My only complaints are that the compartment which catches the fuzz is too small--has to be emptied frequently. Secondly, it kept popping off the shaver. It needs a better way to keep it locked on."
"I was skeptical about how well this would work because I had another sweater shaver that would take me about 2 hours just to clear a single sleeve of fuzz.  This one however, is amazing.  It takes C batteries which gives it so much more power.  It sounds like a little weed wacker when you turn it on.  I had a very bad looking sweater that I went right to work on and in less than an hour it was completely clean.  Within minutes the fuzz trap was half full with lint which proved to me how well it worked.  I ended up having to empty the fuzz trap three times before being finished which some people have complained about but I didn't find it to be a problem.  Be very careful, this will put small holes in your clothes if you are too forceful with pushing the shaver down.  I noticed as I was shaving the sweater that I was seeing little pinholes and I thought it was because the sweater was fairly old.  Then I finally realized I was doing it with the shaver.  Once I realized this I just kept the sweater over my flat palm while running the shaver over it and it worked fine and I didn't have any more holes.  I highly recommend this product and I just ordered another one for a friend of mine."
"What can I add to the other glowing reviews?  Not much, except to reaffirm that this is a great fabric shaver.  I used it on our comforter and it removed the pilling very easily and quickly.  It comes in a small box that is great to store it in as well.  Love it!"
"Arrived fast and on time. Came in original packaging, works great! Brand new, no complaints. Highly recommend this product. Done."
This is a great little gadget... its powerful enough for a tough job like a wool coat. The only problem and the reason i did not give it 5 stars is that it had was the super short battery life with no plug. You are completely restricted to battery life.
"I chose the Fuzz Wizard because its description and reviews indicated that it could be used to remove pills from delicate fabric without damage. So far, it has generally met my expectations. It effectively removes pills and fuzz from clothing, and when used carefully, it has not ripped or otherwise damaged thin cotton or other delicate fabrics. It works somewhat slowly compared to some other fabric shavers, and it can take a while to use on a garment with lots of pills and/or fuzz, but it does (eventually) do a terrific job of removing even tiny pills.  The careful use of this product made several thin, delicate (but badly pilled) shirts look almost like new.
I find that the fabric guard (a plastic ring that snaps over the head) seems basically useless, as it keeps the shaving head too far from the fabric. So even on delicate fabrics, I just use the Fuzz Wizard without the fabric guard. As long as the fabric is kept completely flat and somewhat taut, the device does not tear or rip the fabric."
It made my sweaters look brand new. It works really well and it is affordable. I bought two one for me and one for my wife.
Very good quality... Exactly what I need to shirts.. I could not find them in store and it was really a good buy and useful.
"Great product. Made my daughter's favorite jacket new again. I have used this on my sweaters as well, works great. Great price and arrived quickly."
"Fuzz wizard does what it is suppose to do, gets rid of fuzz. Happy with product, no complaints just yet."
"This is the best fabric shaver I've ever owned. It does a great job. Great price, too. I highly recommend it."
have a few pure wool shirts that get piles on them even dry cleaning the piles are there this removes them us just use care it seems strong enough that with to cut a hole in the wool
I've tried a lot of fabric shavers during my life and this one works the better than any that I have purchased before.
Very useful tool. I have many sweaters that have pulls and balls of wool that make them look unsightly. This tool has enabled me to wear all my old favorites again.
"And, when I tried to put the batteries in, they didn't fit right.  I have yet to use this and am a bit frustrated with the product's quality and functionality."
"I have never used a fabric shaver before so I cannot compare it to any other but I happen to LOVE this shaver!  I had purchased a coat which I absolutely loved.  BUT in a very short time, after a few wearings, the sleeves which consist of some type of stretchy knit fabric had tons of pills on it that looked horrible! I was embarrassed to wear the coat like that. I decided to purchase this or would have to get rid of the coat. I am so glad that i tried this first. It is incredible. I went over the sleeves of the coat with a very light touch and the pills were completely GONE!!  Almost as if the coat was in brand new, never worn, condition.  Just follow the directions that come with the shaver and it will do it's job. I cannot review the longevity of the product since I only used it once but I can honestly say the price I paid for it was worth just using it once and saving my coat.
I would recommend this to anyone needing a fabric shaver."
"I've had several different shavers of this sort, and this one is definitely the best I've had. It does a nice job, and it also comes with a protective cover for more delicate fabrics."
"This machine actually does everything it is supposed to do and more.  It removed all of the little frizz balls from tons of sweaters! Now my sweaters looks like new! I've saved tons of money because I use the dryel, dryclean in your dryer product and now I have the Fuzz Wizard to finish the Job!!! I love it!!"
This fabric shaver saved a lot of clothes that I would've otherwise thrown away.  Super value for money!  Love it!
"I like it, I really do.  It works very well.  I would prefer that it was larger though.  The one that I broke before I bought this one was twice the size."
"Instructions read ""...NOT intendedfor use on angora, cashmere, mohair or antique fabrics.""  I wanted it primarily for use on my cashmere sweaters and don't know how I missed that when ordering."
This product did not even last long enough to do the front of one sweater. Just stopped working. I tried changing batteries but that wasn't the problem. Not worth returning because it isn't worth the cost of postage. Chalk it up to a complete loss.
I have a bunch of sweaters that were only good enough for in the house or doing chores - a few minutes with the Fabric Shaver and they're back to work-worthy! Good product!
This is the best fuzz remover yet. Quiet and easy to handle and clean. Does a great job of removing all that unwanted fuzz without any damage to garment. Great pricing
I've tried SO many fabric shavers and this is the best one I've tried so far. Works well on all fabric also.
The fabric shaver works well and is easy to use. It made my clothes look new again. It removed all fuzz and pilling on fabric. This is just what I was looking for.
"I've had this for a couple of years now. Still works great, no problems. I've used it on sweaters, coats, t-shirts (gently) and sweatshirts. You just have to be VERY careful with thinner, delicate fabrics - it can catch on them and leave a little hole (therefore, it would be best to avoid using it on anything delicate). Works fantastic for getting lint fuzzies off of my wool coat. A must-have if you wear a backpack on a regular basis too! My pack always leaves little balls along the bottom edge of my shirts and sweaters in the back where it rubs while walking. This product has definitely exceeded my expectations!"
I use this to refresh my sweaters. It does a great job on my sweaters. The blades stay sharp. It revitalised so many sweaters that it has paid for itself.
"I had a clothes shaver like this when I was a kid...and I love having one in the house again!  I do agree that the storage container is a bit too small, but overall it works well."
"I realize items must be packaged such that they are more difficult to steal from store shelves but this is just a small package and anyone could take the entire plastic encased package. My question becomes..why must this item be encased in heavy, heavy plastic and sealed so tightly that it almost takes an engineering degree and heavy equipment to get to it? I kid you not, it required a young man with a knife to get through the plastic and retrieve the shaver I purchased."
"I wasn't sure about this, was afraid it was going to be kinda' cheap and cheesy.  But it works as well or better than some more expensive versions I've seen.  Works well on many different kinds of fabrics, Easy to open up to empty the shaved off pills.  Batteries last a long time."
"Oh my gosh did you ever realize how many things in your home need to be shaved?! From sweaters, to decorative pillows, my daughter's toys, to the office chair I am shaving EVERYTHING! I have not encountered any problems with the shaver, in fact every I have shaved looks 10x better. I was surprised how long the batteries last (btw C batteries are NOT included) and I am loving this item."
I bought this to help de-fuzz a carpet and it's worked great - much better than the smaller tools that you find.
This is the 2nd fabric shaver I've had- the first lasted 5+ years of pretty heavy use (I live in a place where the winters are very cold so I have lots of wool clothing).  This product stopped working after 1 sweater.  Back to the women's shaver method for me I guess.
"I'm pleasantly surprised! My sweaters are almost new again. My only complaint is that it fills up fast, but that could be due to the amount of pilling my sweaters have. Totally worth the money."
"Disappointing product.  Small head, takes forever to cover the front and back of a sweater.  Slow to remove fuzz, power poor, battery power began to run out (new batteries) in 10 minutes. I was happiest about how easy this product was to return.  And I mean that sincerely----good five-star customer service."
"This shaver works pretty well on tightly woven sweaters when held very flat on a hard surface.  Just a point of clarification, I have owned mine for several years; so, the blade may be getting dull since it seemed to work better previously."
"This is exactly what I needed!  It does a great job on every fabric.  As the directions state, DO be careful with some fabric.  I put a couple of holes in a sock, but it's so great!"
"This is a great defuzzer, the only downside is that it seems to get tired or warm after about 30 minutes of use, even with brand new batteries. It covers a lot more area than a similar one that I bought at the Container Store."
Was able to save a very good sweater.  This is the second fabric shaver I've bought...this one was inexpensive and it WORKS!
The shaving surface is smaller than I expected.  I haven't tried using it yet. I am out of things to say so I am filling my review with words so I can hit send.
"Fuzz Wizard from Amazon
fuzz cleaner worked. It has a bad switch which just slides but makes no connection when pushed. DON'T BUY IT!"
"Excellent tool to remove the fabric pills on all types of clothing and other cloth item around the house! Work very well and makes clothing look a 100% better! East to use and fairly light even though it requires two ""C"" cell batteries. East to clean and store. Well worth the money!"
I read all the reviews and this one seemed the best.  It is!  I've done 20 plus sweaters and continually use it.
"had been looking for one for my work sweaters which I wear everyday.
priced nice for how well it works.
should've ordered sooner, my sweaters look like new again."
"Poor quality, don't waste your money.  Power low, hardly shaved a thing, had to press really hard, and still it worked poorly.  My previous shaver was MUCH better."
"I've used the shaver on my leggings and they reduced the pilling by at least 90%, so this product is definitely the real deal for the price :) just make sure to use a flat surface!!"
Was just what I was looking for.  The old-fashioned tried-and-true wins again.  Now I feel less sloppy when I wear clothes that can pill.
Thought I was going to have to buy a new comforter but this razor made it look almost new again.great product!
Pretty good.  It works  better than any other shaver I've tried.  It was a big improvement in the way my sweaters looked before i have the shaver.
"I am pleased with the results of the shaver. However one day it was sitting near my sink, fell into the sink and shattered! It is a good buy if you want to wrap it in a satin pillow every night to make sure it stays in one piece!"
"It doesn't appear very sturdy. I don't think it should be advertised as ""professional quality"".  I seems to be much like one I purchased in a drug store, for considerably less ---only it is larger.-"
"This is super.  The only drawback is that the reservoir looks bigger than it is, and has to be emptied more often, but my sweaters needed this, so now that I keep up with the pill balls, it's not so bad.  My sweaters look brand new!"
"Im happy with this purchase, it really did remove the lint from all my sweater and my coats. Keep in mind that it takes a few go overs to get all the lint removed. Overall, it's a great lint remover."
"This Shaver does not work for me.  The reason I purchased it is because I have a smaller version (different brand name - ""evercare"") that I used mostly to pick up lint from my carpet (that comes from my grandson walking around in socks), it worked excellently for this; but was slow process.

So I decided if I get a larger version of the fabric shaver, this way so I thought, I could get the lint up quicker.  However, this was not the case.  This shaver (Fuzz Wizard) picked up no lint, even after several passes over the same area.  One would think this one would be more powerful, since it was larger.  Not worth asking for a refund for the small price, so I'll just throw it in the drawer with the other useless items I have purchased."
This is surprisingly a great little shaver! It does what it is advertised to do. It is much more powerful than others I have owned. If you need to save some pilly sweaters - give this a go!
"This is a nice little shaver that works well.  I have not tried it on fragile fabrics, but my cotton and wool garments held up great."
"I've just purchased this product, and used it on upholstry fabric, sweaters, and cotton sweat pants; it worked very well on all.  I was pleasantly surprised by the speed and effectiveness at removing balling, etc.  Very happy so far."
"I had another battery-operated sweater shaver that was getting along in years (although still functional), so I have some basis for comparison with this model. All I can say is that if I'd know what I was missing, I would have ditched the other one long ago. This one is heaver - due to the two 'C' batteries - but does so much better a job that you wouldn't even think they were basically the same product. Worth every penny and then some."
"Pros: This shaver made my thick fuzzy sweaters look new again. I also used it on some fleece tops with good results.

Cons:The lint cup fills up fast but the results are worth it. It takes 2 ""C"" batteries that are not included."
"As my title says, how well this fuzz shaver works for you mostly depends on your shaving ""techinique"".
I have experimented with it on a microfiber dish towel, a faux fur, plushy throw blanket, a terry cloth robe, and a pair of thick fleece pajama pants.  Along the way, I have definitely discovered that no matter what type of fabric you plan on shaving, always, ALWAYS USE THE FABRIC GUARD RING!  The couple times I tried to de-fuzz something without the ring, it snagged and pulled some of the threads out and were it not for my lightning quick reflexes, would have eaten, shredded and most likely have left a big hole in the fabric!

I found that the ""bump & swipe"" method to work best for most fabrics and seems to be the safest way also...  I will try my best to explain this technique:
First I drape part of the towel/garment over the back of the sofa and pick up the other end with one hand, making sure it is pulled somewhat taut before I start shaving it.  I find it works much better if the area you're doing is not laying against anything so that when you ""bump"" the fabric, you can press against it a bit harder without the fear that it will eat the material since it will ""give"" as much as it needs to with nothing behind it.

Next, I just ""bump"" the fabric gently and quickly in a straight down and swipe motion, making sure to never leave the shaving surface touching the fabric for more than a second at a time and always keep it moving!  This is the key to ensure the safety of your garment since the longer the shaving surface sits on one spot, the higher the likelihood of the blades catching a thread and pulling everything in behind it!  So no matter what technique you find works best for you, always keep it moving!

Also, I find you need fewer passes if you ""swipe"" against the grain of the fabric, otherwise it just flattens it which makes it much harder (if not impossible) to catch and cut the fuzzies.  I also put a piece of scotch tape on the compartment that holds all the shaven fuzz because it doesn't lock into place very tightly and since it happens to be the part of the unit that you wrap your fingers around when you're using it, it has a tendency to slide open when it's on, which blows all the fuzz back out onto the garment that you have been so patiently de-fuzzing for the last 10 minutes, lol...

As for battery comsumption, it seems to be on par with what I expected.  Not great, not terrible.  I have used it for about 4-5 sessions so far, with each session averaging 10-15 minutes in length and I just noticed during the last use that it seemed weaker and not as loud and powerful as previous times...

I took one star off because of the slight learning curve and the too loose fuzz compartment and I would not recommend attempting to do any of your more valuable garments until you feel comfortable and skilled enough in your technique, and also because it is a bit time-consuming, but overall, I would definitely recommend buying this because with a little patience, it will revive your clothing and make them look new again!"
"I had quit wearing my favorite fleece jacket as it had too many ""pills"" all over it and a couple of my fleece pullovers were too bad to wear as well but after a little time this device saved all the clothes I had not been wearing due to ""pills""!!  This was a great purchase, I'm even sharing it with friends."
Gets rid of ALL the fuzz!!!  Great product.  My friend had one and always defuzzed me! I really wanted and needed one of my own! Love!!
So I decided to unfuzz a wool coat and a hat that have been looking pretty rough. I received my Fuzz Wizard pretty quickly and took some time over the weekend to try it out. I have to say it does a pretty good job and I was able to do both garments on one set of batteries. For the price I think I did pretty well.
"This worked great for 6 months & even though it did pull the fabric once in a while, overall it did a good job. Suddenly, however, it simply stopped working; it won't turn on at all. I tried new batteries but no luck. I need a new one & based on my experience with this one, I decided to buy an oreck fabric shaver from their website as they have a warranty. Would not purchase this item again."
This fuzz remover works very well.  It's kind of loud but they all are.  it does the job.  It also comes with an attachment for more delicate items to keep it from snagging.  I would recommend this product.
"I've tried everything. Save time and money - Just get the Izumi Sweater Shaver instead and RESTORE your knitted items to like NEW condition&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Izumi-Sweater-Shaver/dp/B000E1FGHW/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Izumi Sweater Shaver</a>"
"This is my second one.  My first one lasted a few years until I dropped it on the tile floor (it is a little unwieldly to use and can be a bit slippery so you have to be careful).  But for the price, I was more than willing to buy another one since it works great!  Just be careful and don't press too hard.  Gets all the little fuzzies off my clothes and makes them look smooth and sleek again.  Highly recommend!"
"The packaging for this product did not come in as shown.  It looked like it was just thrown together and a cardboard box was wrapped around it.  I found the brush inside the box - not wrapped up with the other items.
Also, the sweater protector piece as shown was NOT included with my shipment."
This has revived so many of my sweaters. It removes all the fuzz. It takes a few times to get rid of them all but it works. Really great product.
"I love this product.......it really works and well worth the money!! I have used it a hand full of times and it makes cloths look brand new, just make sure you lay the fabric out flat so you don't get a hole."
I received my fabric shaver last week and what a disappointment.  It is very poorly made.  There are 2 slide-on covers (one for the battery and one for the sweater clippings) and neither one of them stays on.  I had to shave with a death grip to keep them from falling off while I used it the first time. I guess I will have to wrap it with duct tape.  It shaves adequately but the power wasn't anything outstanding.  The shaving power is comparable to one a had a few years back that was 2/3 the price.
Just bought this product and it works great.  It saved my two favorite sweaters.  They looked horrible and now they look like new again.
"An excellent product. Right out of the box and within 10 minutes saved few sweaters and hats from being tossed out. The blades are pretty sharp, so one should be careful around kids and pets. Just for the fun of it I tried shaving and it worked )))

+ Quiet, efficient, rather small and easy to operate
+ Gets the work done in just few seconds one can see the results (sofa cover clean, sweaters and beanie hats look brand new, both woolen and acrylic

Cons are not really big and are more of a thought, but just want people out there to know what they are getting:

- Requires 2 x C2 batteries
Rather than AA - that means there are very few rechargeable C batteries out there, and even fewer that are environmentally friendly so one has to purchase more of regular C batteries. I went with these one (with coupon and subscription): http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000FD6RTA/ref=oh_details_o00_s00_i00

- The price is more than affordable, so you get what you paid for. The build is slightly cheap, feels very plasticky as if it won't last long

- Can easily damage light/thin textiles, like base layer pants or woolen stockings or dry-fit workout acrylic shirts, so just have to be careful and work with such materials on a flat surface.

- Canister gets filled really quick so have to clean quite often."
"My wife recently was some of my Under Armour Cold gear accidentally with some towels. Man what a mess, there were little Pilsl stuck to the knit like material of the Cold Gear, I thought they were ruined. Not! Ordered this little guy and took about 5 minutes or so to get all the pills that were stuck to the UA garments, now they look brand new. Thanks for a great product."
It works great definitely worth the money. It shaves all the little pills out without damaging the fabric and you even get the fabric protector for delicate fabrics
"This fuzz buster has been great on cleaning up ""fuzzballed"" clothing.  I buy a lot of my baby's clothing second hand and then I also re-sell it at consignments.  This has been wonderful in making things look like new after a few washes which has led to many great deals at consignment when people sell something all balled up thinking ""wow this looks awful..$0.50..."" and I take it home, spend 2 minutes defuzzing it and have a like new item again!  The problem is..I dropped it on my hardwood floor.  It must have landed just perfectly but after the drop, I couldn't keep the battery compartment door on and it won't stay on at all unless you press and hold the power button tightly (normally you don't hold it at all).  I was so happy with the fuzz wizard though, I just bought a second one to replace the damaged first one.  It has saved me more than the cost of it!"
"This product works great for de-fuzzing things.  The place for the fuzz is pretty small, but it's not hard to open and remove the fuzz.  I had a smaller one that used AA batteries and it worked okay, but with the C batteries this one works much better.  I am de-fuzzing everything in site.

I would recommend this one."
"The lint cup fills quite quickly if you're doing big jobs, and you have to be careful on certain fabrics.  Overall, this was worth the $10.  Ours was not DOA like other reviewers have mentioned."
"does a good job, but this thing eats batteries...a coupla Duracell C batteries were put in and after maybe 10 minutes of total usage time, I can feel they are on the ways out already....I don't know if these things are sometimes sold with plugs, but an ac adapter model would be what I would be looking for next...For occassional use, its great and eats up the lint!!"
"I use this shaver a lot since I bought it...My clothes are getting a make over.
The bigger size nozzle helps to cover a bigger area at the time..."
"It does a good job, but I have a problem with it.  Almost immediately after I started to use it I saw a little metal piece lying on my sweater.  I took the top off and it was part of one of the blades.  It worked pretty well, despite this, but would probably be more efficient if it had the whole blade.  I wrote to Amazon and explained the situation, and asked if there are replacement blades available.  I have received no reply."
This small machine does wonders. Renew your clothes in a blink of the eye. I'm very satisfied wi my purchase
"Ive had another brand of shaver before that took two double A batteries, but this takes two C's. The power is noticeable. We use this on everything from socks to sweaters to flannels."
"This device does its basic job--it removes fuzz and loose threads from the surface of fabric.  I shopped among several models, including electric ones, and chose the Fuzz Wizard based on its positive reviews and low cost.  It converted a rather dingy looking wool sweater/coat that I have to like new condition.  Battery life may be an issue for those with multiple garments to shave, but this worked fine for me and I recommend it."
I had one of these little machines years ago. This works like a charm to get rid of fuzzies on soft sweaters. (Don't press too hard!)
"Had decided to toss my family room couch before I was told the frame was good quality.  Then considered paying for recovering but after looking around on the net...decided to buy this product. When it arrived, I was disappointed at the size of the holes----I had no faith it was going to work. Not only did it work well, my couch looks brand new. Washed all the covers and with a good vacuuming I have saved myself tons of  money and hassle of shopping for a new couch for our new home.  My only regret is not taking a before and after picture.....the difference is really dramatic!!"
I chose this fabric shaver because of the large head and it had good ratings. I really love it. The first thing I used it on was a jogging suit (navy blue) that had fuzz all over it from being washed with other things by someone else.  It was full of lint and fuzz. I used the shaver and it did a fantastic job.
"I like it.  Not something I use often, but definitely have a need for.  It's a great buy for anyone."
"The fuzz wizard works, just not as well as I would have hoped. It removes a vast majority of the larger lint/pills, but it doesn't get everything and it takes a couple go arounds to get it. I used it one time on a thinner sweater and it ripped a hole right in the material, luckily, I took it back to the store and had it replaced. Watch out for your favorite sweaters! I would not recommend using it on them."
I tried to figure out how it works because I didn't see any sort of blades but it works like a charm.  It works so well I am going to buy another one. an electric one would be awesome.
"Who doesn't have that sweater you love but it has those ugly fiber pills? This Fuzz Wizard is just what I needed to safely remove them.

I researched other shavers trying to replace an old one I loved and lost during my last move. While this one is about twice the old shaver's size, I love it. It shaves twice as much of the surface.

Tip: rather than quickly running over the fabric, move in slow, methodical back and forth movements. That allows the blades to safely shave the pills off and reduces the risk of cutting a hole in your prized garment."
This is a fuzz buster....Works great and got it in no time at all! Takes all the fuzz off black sweats!
We used this on multiple types of my wife's sweaters and it works great - even on cashmere. Very pleased.
I hate having little fuzzies on my sweaters and knit gloves.  This takes care of them like no other and makes me look fabulous!  Pay extra attention to finer fabrics and handle with care.
"Absolutely perfect for felt or heavy wool coats that have a tendency to ball up and look ugly.  This thing is fast, effective, and durable."
"It is a little hard to empty the fuzz from the fuzz container but my sweaters look great, nearly new."
Does what it's supposed to. A little slow but I guess that's to protect the fabric. Easy to clean and use.
"It works well.  My fuzzy electric blanket took several nights.  I just folded my blanket into a rectangle and each night would shave a 2 X 2 foot square.  Took a lot of time, but this little bugger got it done.  The blanket looks like new."
"This fabric shaver keeps all my clothes looking like new.  It gets rid of the small ""pills"" of fabric you accumulate."
Works ok. Had a cheaper one that lasted for 6 years that worked better.  For the $10 spent it works alright but I would not purchase again.
"I used to think that any product advertised on T.V. was a rip-off.  I also thought that a device like this would go through batteries so fast that the cost of using it would be prohibitive.  I stand corrected, however, because neither is the case.  This device is great.  I have restored several sweaters, jackets, and a pair of wool pants to like new status.  It's kind of fun to do, too."
"After using this on my fleece pants, they look tons better. Removing the pils makes everything look newer and cleaner. Wish I'd bought this sooner."
This product is great  - does its job. Helps my clothes stay looking brand new and is not flimsy. Good price as well.
"I already owned one of these fabric shavers, and unfortunately it fell and never quite worked the same after that.  I looked around town everywhere to find the exact same model; however, no one locally carried this Fuzz Wizard anymore.  I ended up buying another brand model, and I was really disappointed.  I was thrilled when I realized that Amazon offered the actual Fuzz Wizard and I purchased two immediately.
It is absolutely the best shaver out there.  It deserves 5 stars; however, if you purchase this beware that this shaver is very powerful and has made a few holes in some of my delicate materials like modal.  However, if you are looking for a great wool/sweater thicker fabric shaver then look no further...the Fuzz Wizard is the best out there."
I love love love this! Works amazingly! Easy to use and makes your clothes look like new again. A must have!!
If your on the fence about it don't be. Buy this you will not be dissappointed. works so well it made my clothes look new again. it does take time but soo soo worth it.
"As I write this, I want to point out that I've used this product only once. I, too, may be disappointed later on if it gives out the way it did for other reviewers. But right now, my experience is entirely positive. I used it on an item that had a lot of pilling and it cleaned it up perfectly. Looks like new now."
"Dead out of the box. Thats really awesome. Who makes this shit? Is this the best we can do? I bought this because of the good reviews. DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT. The whole lot ought to be recalled. I think this is the only time in my life something didn't work right out of the box. Its not a big purchase I know, but thats just ridiculous. Junk like this should never even make it to the US market. Unacceptable!"
Did not work out of package. Don't waste your time like I did. Bad bad bad bad bad bad BAD!
My cashmere sweaters tend to pill and this shaver (with the extra fabric guard) works great at removing them without damaging the fabric at all.
"This little pill shaver is just the ticket! It arrived today and I've used it so far on wool, cashmere, and acrylic sweaters that I was ready to toss. Now they look new! I have used the stone to do this in the past, but was not happy with the grit (everywhere!) and the fact that the pills just got bigger and landed on the floor and wherever else they happened to land. This little shaver not only gets rid of the pills, but it also stashes them in a plastic compartment that you periodically empty. A great tool - worth every penny. The only difficulty was getting the batteries in - a very tight fit."
"I've used this once so far on a regular cotton blend shirt and it worked ok. A little of the fuzzies came off, but not all. I really didn't have time go over it over and over. It comes with a fabric guard for delicate fabrics, which I think is a good idea. It didn't damage the fabric at all. I will definetly give it another try on something else. Its a nice gaget to  have around the house."
"I thought about it like this: If I can save even one sweater or sweatshirt from the donate pile, it will have paid for itself.  I'll be able to save much more than just one!  I whipped it out last night for the first time (that's what she said) because I wanted to save a beloved (relatively expensive) cardigan that I just couldn't bare to part with until I had tried everything.  And it worked like a charm.  If you have a lot of work to do with it, you'll have to clear out the collection chamber a few times, but it's super easy/quick to do so.  Remarkable improvement.  I also used it on an old hoodie because there's an odd satisfaction that comes with little victories like this that makes you want to keep going.  It saved that too.  It's already paid for itself multiple tmies over.  Just get it."
"It removes some balls after 20 mins shaving, but it also makes the surface of my sweater fuzzy. It doesn't come with batteries. Be careful if you are going to use it on an expensive sweater."
This is a very weak item. It broke after the first use on a t-shirt! The fan blades and/or motor are not comparable to similar fabric shavers
"This is a great product.  I had not wanted to buy any new sweaters this year, because my closet was full of them.  The only thing was they were looking weathered.  I use this fabric shaver on sweaters, coats, and pants to take those knots off.  It works great.  As with anything be careful do not rush in like a bull in a china closet, take your time and the results will be great."
"I bought this to use on some knitted clothes (as in knitting needles) that have developed a halo of fuzz. The name of this product is ""Fuzz"" Wizard Fabric ""Shaver"" so I assumed it would work for getting rid of this frayed halo of fuzz on my sweaters and other knitted stuff. I first tried it on a sweater. The sweater has large knitt, made from yarn. Nothing. I then tried on some knitted (again knitted with knitting needles) fingerless gloves, again, large knit with thick yarn. Again, nothing. Litterally, no change at all. The halo on these two items was made up of frayed fibers of yarn 0.5 to 2 inches in length. These were too long to get sucked into the small holes on the front of the shaver. I was very disappointed by this, and feel the descritpion and name of this item is missleading in this way. It does not remove ""fuzz"" and doesn't in my opinion ""shave"" anything. I ended up using a pair of sizzors and just trimming the halo off. Side note, even after trimming, when the frayed fibers were less than half an inch in length, this shaver still didn't change anything.

But, I tried on a pair of slacks that has pilled quite badly. The pills were small on a stretchy, knit fabric. Worked like a charm. I was surprised, after my first attempts, and pleased at how well it worked. It made those slacks look brand new. And fast! I ran the shaver over the fabric while I was wearing them, and I could hear the blades chopping through the pills. It took only one pass for the fabric to be left smooth, unmarked and without pills.

So, depending on what you want to use this for, it could work wonderfully or not at all."
"this is a wise investment.  you can save a lot of money by renewing fabrics (sweaters, clothing, furniture) instead of replacing them with new ones.  a very good idea."
"I purchased this based on reviews I read on Amazon. I needed it for my sofa. A fairly new blanket left pilings all over the sofa. The blanket was black. It's now in the garbage. Who needs a blanket that sheds like a cat? Don't get me wrong I like cats. But I didn't buy a cat. I bought a blanket. Just so you understand.

Anyway, my sofa has caramel beige, nubby upholstery that willfully cling to every one of those little black pilings. A vacuum did nothing except annoy me. So it was either a fabric shaver (of which I've never used) or spending the next year of my life picking off these pilings by hand because the sight of them ticked me off.

This fabric shaver worked. However, I did put my back into it. It took about an hour to shed (or is that shave?) my sofa completely. A large sofa. A great many pilings. The downside, in my eyes, was the collector cap (covers the pilings storage chamber) had a tendency to slip off easily and often. There were times when I had to maneuver the shaver in such a way because I was intent on getting every piling. The result: spilling the pilings right back onto the sofa. As it was now a concentrated pile, it wasn't so bad. Keep in mind, I never allowed the chamber to get full so that wasn't the reason. I think it's a product flaw. Still for the money, it's less of an inconvenience than having a black-piling-speckled sofa. Now I don't have to throw my sofa out of the window."
"I own a men's consignment store, so I get lots of items in that are badly in need of a shaving. This is the best shaver I've ever used, with one exception. The lint catcher comes undone very easily when I turn the shaver off, so I end up with fuzz balls on the floor. I jury-rigged a fix by putting some velcro on it, so it doesn't slide down so easily. I've been using it for about 2-3 weeks now and am very satisfied."
"The only thing I don't like about this shaver is that I've run out of things to de-fuzz.  A common complaint I see in negative reviews is ""it power-chewed its way through some flimsy material I shouldn't have gone near it with"".....

It has rotating blades which spin and create suction to pull tiny bits of fuzz into the storage chamber. Logic tells me that pressing it against something the thickness of tissue paper MIGHT not be such a hot idea, but what do I know.  It's like marking an iron down because you turned it on high, placed it on some polyester and walked away.  Is it reaaaaaally the iron's fault?  The description even says: Fuzz Wizard features a powerful motor with extra large shaving head for quick and easy removal of fuzz, pilling and loose threads from your favorite sweaters, coats, blankets, furniture upholstery and more!

Don't let the operator errors disuade you from purchasing this little guy.  It works well, I think the cordlessness is a plus, and I'm still on my first set of C batteries.

As far as technique, I have found that using an ironing board that you can flatten and smooth the fabric on should greatly reduce or eliminate mishaps.  I have hypocritally shorn several light cotton blend shirts with no issues. I love it!

**Update 1/2/13** Still fabric shaving like a maniac on my first set of C batteries - Still love it!!!"
I bought this to shave a large linen sectional couch that pills really bad and becomes dingy looking! Fuzz Wizard can cover a large area quickly and made the couch look new again.
"It doesn't make things look NEW but it does make things look BETTER, particularly with synthetic stretchy fabrics that should have been dry-cleaned but weren't. It's also strangely entertaining to use. The first week I had this thing I thought I was going to end up on ""My Strange Addiction."""
"I really like this product and you can use it on clothing items as well as things like blankets and bed sheets. It works really well but it can be time-consuming if you have a large item to take care of because you have to go over the same area a couple of times.

The product has held up well over many uses and there's very little maintenance. You do have to remove the lint quite often but it means it's working and removing the lint!

This only creates holes if you use it on really thin items and if you press too hard so the trick is to be careful.

It works and it's also fun to use so I would recommend it to others."
"I bought the Fuzz Wizard to cut hundreds of ""loose ends"" of threads sticking out of my terry cloth bathrobe -- expecting that it would snip them right off.

Well, it didn't quite work that way.  I had to go back and forth a lot over the same threads to finally cut them.  The Fuzz Wizard seemed much more interested in ""shaving"" the general height of the cotton threads overall than cutting the loose ones -- which I guess is what it's mostly designed to do. Still, it seems like it could have been more efficient at cutting my loose thread ends.

However... it finally did a good enough job to make the robe presentable - saving me $100 for now -- so I am happy.  I'm going to try it on some of my other worn clothes and blankets and see.

The container that collects the fuzz/lint is indeed too small.  Have a garbage can next to you when you're fuzz busting as you will have to empty the container often."
My friend recommended this product when I complained about my new sweater getting fur balls.  I searched online and found this one.  The first trim left my sweater almost like a new.  It is easy to handle and well-designed. The price is right too.
"I am a big fan of shaving my clothes to keep them looking fresh and new. As such, I have used quite a few shavers, and this is one of the best. It gives a nice close shave and the two C batteries last a really long time. I can do a quite a few garments before having to change out the batteries. There are occasions where it has snagged and torn a hole in a garment, but I think this is a risk you take when shaving clothes, and moving slowly and steadily will minimize this risk. You will be amazed at how much fuzz this thing gathers."
I've had this for a while now and it still works great. I have 2 other ones that don't work worth a poo. This one is good though. Better design and better quality. Great for all my fuzzy sweaters.
"Large size head for large area to treat at a time. also, light weight. Must have product for all households to remove clothes pimples."
"Excellent product and service, I looked it for a long time in stores, but I am convinced that Amazon.com is better option to buy. Thank you!!!"
"I absolutely love the way it works.  I had a red sweater that was covered with white lint.  I shaved it and ALL of the lint was removed.

My only complaint is that the lint catcher is hard to open.  There maybe a secret to opening it, however I haven't found it yet.

I would recommend this sweater shaver."
"This item was shipped to me promptly, but it sucks! It doesn't work very well at all. In addition to that I was trying to take some fuzz off of a pair of pants, and it cut a chunk out of the pants! They're no longer wearable! Now not only do I have a fuzz wizard that barely works, but I have a ruined pair of 75$ pants! I don't recommend this to anyone! Its not good at all!"
"I had a really nice sweater that had become unwearable due to unsightly pills. I bought this hoping to revive the sweater, and it worked like a charm. It's not the most robust construction, so I can only hope it lasts a decent amount of time, but so far I can give it the thumbs up."
"I can't compare this fabric shaver to any of the other, more expensive ones you will find on Amazon as the only other product I tried was one of those little 2X2 inch jobs you find at drug stores costing $4-5 (which was useless).

However, this Fuzz Wizard is appropriately named! It took a beloved sweater that was covered with pills and fuzz balls so badly that it was embarrassingly unwearable and made it like new again. Way to go!

On the downside, the fuzz container is way too small - I had to empty it at least ten times for that one sweater. Also, the batteries-only, lack of power adapter design is a shortcoming. I guess you can't ask for too much for the price but I dinged it one star for these two deficiencies. Other than that - highly recommended."
"This was more more a replacement item for me. I had a smaller, cheaper one and it just isn't up to the job anymore.
When I received this, I couldn't wait to get started on some items of clothing I had in my closet that really needed a good ""shaving"". I opened the package and put in the 2 C batteries I bought the other day just for this. It's a really nice size and fits well in my hand. Not too heavy and not too flimsy that it wouldnt work properly (Like the old one I had) I took out a pair of French Terry capri pants and went to work on them. I had to work at it really hard, but I could see all the fuzz and pills coming off right away.
 Did it end up looking like new? No, of course not. I didn't expect it to, it's about 10 years old! But I can say it certainly is wearable again. Before I used the Fuzz Wizard I wouldn't be caught leaving the house wearing it in the condition it was in.
 The lint holder pops off and is well contained ,so that lint doesnt go everywhere. It is the size one would expect from an item like this. You cant make a really big lint holder and keep the shaver itself a nice, small size for easy use.
 Now I have my work cut out for me because I have a lot of other items I need to shape up. It will be nice to wear some of these items again."
"Received this shaver a few days ago.  Used one my favorite sweat tops to see how it would work.  Uses two C cell batteries and the ones I used are new.  When I got it to work the motor reminded me of the child's story about the ""Little Engine That Could.""  Once had a small travel fabric shaver whose motor apparently roared compared to this shaver.  Eventually got the nubs off my shirt but it took way too long.  I kept waiting for the shaver to die.  Will try it again soon.  So many great reviews.  Maybe mine has to find its mojo--if there is such a thing."
"I've had this little guy for a while now, and have used it on wool coats, sweaters, and most recently my cozy fleece sheets.  I love my fleece sheets in winter [not the microfiber or flannel ones - must be fleece] but they DO pill.  So about once a month I 'depill' for a few minutes, then crawl back into smooth sheets.  This thing works great, is easy to hold and use, and easy to empty. Good product."
This fuzz wizard works great - I highly recommend it :)  I used it on some pants that got washed with a napkin or tissue or something and they were a mess.  After 1/2 hour or so - both pants look new again.
"This fabric shaver is cheaply made -- thin plastic, flimsy blades -- so don't expect it to last forever, but it works great for now! I rescued a winter coat which was severely covered with fuzz, and for the low price of this little machine, it was well worth it. I had tried a lint roller and razor previously without success, but this fabric shaver worked well.

I've also used it on several sweaters and a knit cap, and again, great results. Before I purchased this, I read a review saying that this little fabric shaver could damage a sweater, but really, this is very difficult to do. You CAN wear a hole in a sweater, but you have to press firmly on the same area for quite awhile.

Highly recommend with the knowledge that it's not built to last."
"The fabric on my sofa suddenly erupted into little pills.  I had a fabric comb, but it didn't really do the trick.  This shaver had decent reviews (unless it stopped working - my kept going), and even though it wears the ""seen on TV"" badge of dishonor, it worked like a charm."
"Believe the reviewers that say this thing stops working after minimal use.  Mine ran (poorly) for (literally) less than a minute.  This failure was caused by a weak motor and a faulty safety switch.  This is a very flimsy, poor quality item.  I only wish I had used it for the first time during the return period."
"This product is great!! The fabric shaver arrived on time and in perfect condition. I use it on all my sweaters and anything else with those little ""pills"" that are a pain to get rid of otherwise."
"I have only used it a couple of times, and will amend my review if I encounter any problems in the future - but so far it has been great! I used it on a very delicate cashmere sweater, and it looks great now. I stretched the garment a little over my knee - that way, the fabric will be unwrinkled and you won't make holes in it (like some other reviewers have evidently done). Recommend!"
"I bought it because I had several pairs of hand-knit socks that were completely fuzzed out, and yet, since I'd spent the time to knit them I wanted to give them a last chance to look decent again.  So after much deliberating amongst the various models of de-fuzzing machines, i selected this one, and i am so glad!  It works really well - I was so amazed by the results on my first sock that I ran around showing all my neighbors (knitters too).

I don't really have any longevity comments cause mine is still pretty new, but i can see you might want to have new blades at some point.  And I'm not sure about the extra guard ring they send you... - maybe for fuzzier wools...

Seems well worth the price!"
This little fuzz wizard works very well.  My daughter was given an old couch for her first college apartment and it had fabric pills all over it.  We got the fuzz wizard and shaved the whole couch and it looks great - almost like a new couch.  It took the extra fabirc off easily.  Just be prepared to spend a lot of time if you have a large item like this.  The part that holds the fuzz fills up quickly and must be emptied often.  Good product - works as advertised.
"I have to admit, I was skeptical when I made this purchase.  When I got my Fuzz Wizard I went straight to work on several older sweaters that I haven't wore for a while due to fuzzies/pilling.  This worked like a dream.  I've wore these sweaters to work and people think they are new sweaters!  That's how nice they look after a quick shave.  The only thing you need to be cafeful of is loose threads.  The shaver will take a loose thread and unravel stiching so be aware of that.  My only semi-complaint about the shaver itself is the chamber for catching the fuzzies is kind of small.  When/if this ever gives out I'll for sure buy another one.  Although, I've had this one for about 8 months now and it still works like a dream!!!"
"After 6 months of what I consider heavy use of this shaver, it is still working perfectly! I am a little ocd with using lint shavers. I even do our socks with them. I cannot stand to see the pilling/fuzzballs on any piece of clothing, including socks, so this shaver really gets used alot - daily.

This is the first shaver that I have used that has never pulled or made a hole in a piece of clothing. Ever other shaver I have had, at some point, put a hole in some article of clothing, whether a delicate fabric or t-shirt, or some other random garment. This has not done that at all yet, which is surprising considering how long I have had it and how often I use it.

It seems to be very well made and I do expect it to hold up well. I haven't had to change the batteries at all yet either, since the first install!

My only complaint is that the chamber which collects the fuzz is rather small, so you do empty it often during use on a single garment. I am willing to put up with that though due to the excellent performance and if this one fails/dies at some point I will definitely buy another one. I have gone through many shavers over the years and this one is one of the best I have ever used. There is only one other one that I would have recommended to someone, but they don't make that one anymore. I also bought 3 different ones from 3 different brands before buying this one and they were all crap!"
"have you ever washed your sweaters with towels,  i have so i bought this fuzz wizard and it takes all the fuzz off amazing better than the stick lint brushes"
"I've had several fabric shavers in my time.  This one is not very good at all in taking away the pills that develop on fabric and embroideries through wash & wear. It is also very ungainly in the hand, being so wide that one cannot get one's hand around it, and the materials used make it very slippery.  In 10 minutes of use, it slipped my hand 3 times and fell on the floor. Furthermore, it is poorly constructed--the lint compartment slides off fully on its own time and again, letting all the fuzz fly in every direction. Buy any other shaver.  Goodness knows I'm going to, right now."
"I bought the Fuzz Wizard fabric pill remover in early April, 2011.  Installed batteries, turned on the switch.  The machine showed no sign of movement, made no noise, was completely Dead on Arrival.  I can't see how it could be worse than that.  I will not buy this particular model or brand again."
"This little gadget works better than I had possibly imagined.  It swiftly removes all pilling from my sweaters, collects the pieces in a little chamber for easy removal, and leaves all my sweaters smooth and completely pill free.  I highly recommend this product to anyone looking for the best tool for pill removal."
"This product is great!  I use it regularly, and it provides the extra touch-up that you can't get from lint rolling or dry cleaning."
"Amazon does not deliver to France so I had to take the trouble to buy the fuzz wizard, get it sent to my sister who lives in the States, and then get her to forward it to me!
Absolutely worth all the trouble."
I have tried a few other fabric shavers and this one takes the cake! Totally saved a few of my sweaters and some of my family's clothes. It's worth every penny.
"I love this little shaver. It makes things look brand new, extending the life of my wardrobe. No problems whatsoever. But I went to turn it on today and it wouldn't turn on as others have commented. Checked the batteries, good. Wasn't any fuzz clogging the rotation. Shook it to see if anything rattled, nothing. BUT, I looked at the battery connections and noticed one of the little metal plates wasn't as far out as the other. I guess over time it bent inwards. I gently pulled it out a little more, replaced the batteries, and voila! Shaver started working again. I guess the connection wasn't tight enough to the battery and that's all there was to it. Used it just as I had before. So if you start noticing issues and it's not because it needs to be cleaned, check to see if your battery plates are still ""springy""."
"I used this product as soon as I got it on two very pilly sweatshirts.  It works quite well!  I give this 4 stars because you may have to go over some tough pills more than once. I also noticed if you change the angle you are using, it picks up all the pills with ease.  It took me less than 1/2 hour to do both sweatshirts, and they were pretty covered in pills.  I would recommend this product.  It is a bargain for the price."
I should have bought this shaver years ago!  It works great!  I really wish it had an AC adapter and/or used AA batteries though...who has C batteries?!?  Maybe if it didn't require such large batteries they could make the lint collector larger.
Purchased for my Wife and she loves it.  Brings ugly sweaters back to life and they look like new.  She is very satisfied with this product.
"I've had shavers in the past, and they all do next to nothing.  This one works GREAT!  It REALLY removes the pills and fuzz from sweaters and fleece, etc. WELL worth every penny!  (empty often, the container is small), but so what when it works so well!"
"This thing gets used in my house EVERY SINGLE DAY. The size is perfect, it works the way it says it will, and my couch has never looked better despite getting attacked by my cats on a daily basis."
"I was originally very happy with this item...it took all the fuzz off my sofa pillows and made them look like new...but when I went to use it a second time a month or so later, it didn't turn on...thought it might be the batteries, but changed those..still didn't work...when I shook it there was a little rattling sound, but I had never dropped it...no reason for it to stop working!  At least I got one use out of it, but...."
"This is small, but it works great!  It gets the pills off of my sweaters easily, and is still going strong many months later :)"
"i cannot find the words to express how much i love this product. i bought mine from the local marshalls and since then i have literally been finding things i can de-lint. great product for the price. no more of those fuzzy annoying lint balls. definitely recommend this to everyone, only wished there were an a/c adapter but i can't complain it does the job. probably going to go out and buy another one because i love it so much."
"I was a little skeptical cause of the ""as seen on TV"" thing, but this is the best fabric shaver I have ever had. I bought it after my previous one died half way through the sweater I was de-fuzzing. This one worked quicker and better. My only complaint is the batteries were a little difficult to get in. I'm very happy with this purchase."
"I typically don't buy ""As Seen on TV"" products.  However, I just had to try this one out.  The Fuzz Wizard does a very good job of defuzzing all of my sweaters.  Very good product for the price.  Wish it came with C batteries though.  A rechargeable model would be nice."
I used it to remove fuzzies from 3 of my dress shirts and make them look semi-new again. My only complaint is the device uses C batteries instead of an electrical plug.
This is the best defuzzer I have had--and I have had several. It removes all the pills from the sweater and make the sweater look new again.
"Works very well, holes are big enough to grab the largest fuzz balls without eating the sweater (yet).
I cannot comment on longevity yet.  Hopefully it performs this well as the blades dull.

My only complaint would be emptying the catcher is more difficult than it needs to be (have to use finger to swipe out the fuzz).  The container is also pretty small compared to the size of the unit."
"Although I purchased this because of the good reviews, and it is advertised as a lint collector, I truly bought it to remove cat hair and it does not, whether cat or human so I am truly disappointed, but I guess it is my mistake by not realizing lint and hair are far diffeent."
"I should have read the fine print a little more closely - in case you're desperate to use this the moment it comes out of the packaging, be sure you have 2 C batteries on hand. Otherwise, this really did the trick on a very fuzzballed sweater of mine... it looked practically new by the time I was done with it!"
"This is a terrific product I've used for years. It does a much better job than a fabric comb at removing pills and pulls. The packaging is incredibly annoying, though. It's an absolute pain to open. Be sure to open the lower left section of the package, to get the protective cap and comb that are behind the advertising."
"I almost *didn't* get this just because of the ""as seen on TV"" tag line.  But the positive reviews won me over and I'm glad for it.  This is a great little device and well worth the $15!

BTW it takes 2 C batteries!"
"I am a professional textile restorer and I use this little gadget every day to remove excess fuzz from my repairs.  I mean, I use it every few minutes, all day long!!  I have had one for over two and a half years which just now gave up the ghost.  I find it works equally well at hard pressure shearing off thick fuzz, or delicately nipping off little hairs from my work.  I can't say enough good things about the one I've had- I just hope the two new ones I just ordered are the same design. I'll let y'all know!

so,  it's now Septemter 2012 and yes, the design is the same.  I want to compliment the manufacturer on the new packaging design;  it used to come in a wicked sharp plastic clamshell-type package which was the devil to open.  Now it comes in a nice, easy to open cardbord box,  sturdy enough to protect it,  but easy to open and recycle.  nice work."
The motor stoped working before finish one sweater.  It was constantly on and off motion from the beginning.  If the motor was good then it would be okay product.
"This works ok, but it eats batteries quite quickly and takes several passes to get all the pilling off the sweater. It does shave the sweater smoothly and there isn't really any way to gouge the sweater owing to the design. It just seems to take a long time to go over a sweater with it."
I haven't bought this product yet but I am looking for something I can use get quickly remove cat hair from my sofa. I have tried all the other hand held sticky lint brush types. Any sugestions? I currently use a wet wash cloth or my vacuum attachment to get off cat hair. WIll this work?
"This is an excellent fabric shaver.  Originally I purchased the&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Evercare-Giant-Fabric-Shaver-1-ea/dp/B0014UGDQA/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Evercare Giant Fabric Shaver 1 ea</a>&nbsp;but that worked awful. I also tried&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/D-Fuzz-It-DFuzzIt-Sweater-Fabric-Comb-Oak-Hill-Industries-DFUZ/dp/B001OXZB06/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">D-Fuzz-It DFuzzIt Sweater & Fabric Comb - Oak Hill Industries #DFUZ</a>&nbsp;which was good but hard to clean the fuzz from.

However, this fabric shaver gets most pills / fuzz from your clothes.  Just lay the clothing out flat on a flat and stable surface and gently move it over the fabric.  My only complaint is that the lint tray is way too small for all the fuzz it will remove that you have to constantly empty it. Other than this it's a great purchase and is available for $9.99 at some Bed, Bath, and Beyond stores.

This unit takes two C size batteries, comes with a special ring for delicate fabrics, has a cover for when not in use, and comes with a lint brush to clean the cutting blades.  It is also easy to disassemble for cleaning."
"Removes fuzz like a dream, but it will also cut holes in your sweater if you are not extremely careful.  Used it on my daughter's sweater, granted, it was a thin sweater, but she loved it and now it's wrecked because I put two holes in it."
"THE PROFESSIONAL QUALITY FABRIC SHAVER(AS SEEN ON TV FUZZ WIZARD), I PURCHASED FROM AMAZON IS THE BEST OF ITS KIND I HAVE EVER USED.  IT PERFORMS EXACTLY AS ADVERTISED AND HAS SAVED SEVERAL GARMENTS FROM THE ""THROWAWAY"" BAG.  I AM IMPRESSED AND DELIGHTED."
"I am so disappointed in this product. It worked great for about one minute, and then I could barely get it to work.  Tried everything - tightening, changed batteries twice.  A LEMON. What makes me angry is I had borrowed my friend's fabric shaver (a different type) which was only $5 on here.  I actually got this one thinking I would get a better quality one (hers worked great, BTW).  Guess I should stick with what works. And terrible packaging to boot - very hard to get open.  Disappointing"
"I hesitated buying this gizmo because of a few recent negative reviews but I'm glad I ignored them because this thing is GREAT! The fabric shaver quickly and effectively eradicates the pills and fuzzies. Its powerful and sharp enough to cleanly ""shave"" the fuzzies clean off! I've used it on synthetic and cashmere sweaters and it works well on both.  Keep in mind that this isn't a lint remover so you'll need to use one of those to take the random hair/fur and lint off your sweaters."
"I am in love with the Fuzz Wizard. It ERADICATED the fuzzies on my thick wool/cashmere coat, leaving it looking as beautiful as the day I bought it. I literally gasped when I saw how much fuzz this thing removes. Funny thing is I bought it to get rid of blonde doggie hairs, but when I learned its true purpose, I was floored. I honestly didn't know there was a way to remove those fuzzies--I mean, I KNEW, but I didn't really know. I would just pick them off anxiously.
So, it does not remove doggie hairs, or human hairs, or any hairs for that matter, unless they're really tiny. Like stubble. But who cares! The fuzz is what was aging my coat, and lint rollers work fine. I stayed up well into the night de-fuzzing my coat and saying ""omg"" repeatedly. LOVE IT.
I do see one design flaw with the product. The lint trap does not ""click"" shut as the battery cover does, so it often slid down while working its magic and a few fuzzies escaped. No biggie; I just held the machine more tightly from then on. But, this may just be a defect with my own product and not all Fuzz Wizards. No issues with how quickly the lint trap fills up; this is a HANDHELD machine to begin with~! How many fuzzies could you fit in your hand?! I had to empty it 3-4 times on my entire coat, and I'd do it all again (and will!). Thank you for this amazing product, and the great bargain! I picked mine up at TJM@xx for $7!! Considering the 75 mile drive for more :^)"
Our sheets had developed lots of pills that were uncomfortable to sleep on.  A few minutes with this item and the sheets were as smooth as new.
"I used the Fuzz Wizard on all my old sweaters and they now look new. It did take about 10 minutes per item to de-fuzz, but it was definitely worth it. I used it on sweaters (thick and thin), scarfs, sweatpants, a Northface fleece jacket, and other items. It worked well on each item, even the thin sweaters that I hand wash it handled well. I've recommended the Fuzz Wizard to all my friends and family and just wish I hadn't Goodwilled so many items before I got it."
"Does not work at all..
Have replaced a battery but no change..
Seller should not sell a defect..
Awful purchase"
"I purchased this based on decent reviews to ""defuzz"" my chenille sofa that is shedding and my sweathers that have developed some piling.  I don't have experience with other ""shavers"" but this gizmo is lame.  It does work somewhat if I am diligent and patient, but it is slow, slow, slow to make much impact.  I will be looking for a better product, if it exists.  I cannot recommend this item, especially for the price.  If it was under $5, that would be reasonable."
This is a true wizard when it comes to reviving and pill covered item. The item defuzzed becomes a like new garment. What great purchase and for a good price.
"I was really excited about this item and hoping it could clean up a couple of my favorite sweaters that have gotten a bit pilled over time.
After popping in a couple of C batteries, I fired it up and started with a cable-knit cardigan. I didn't even get halfway done with the arm of the sweater, and it mysteriously shut off. I disassembled the unit, cleaned the blades, re-adjusted the batteries, made sure the lint container was clean. But no luck. I can't get it to turn back on. Very disappointed and probably won't risk buying a second unit."
"I don't usually take the time to write reviews, but this product deserves it.
My 3 year old sweater was covered in pills, and it looks like new again. Worth every penny."
"The shaver works well, but takes a long time to do a whole sweater. I couldn't believe how much time it took me to de-fuzz just one sweater. You have to keep emptying the canister, as it fills up quickly then doesn't work as well once it's full. However, when I was finally done, the sweater looked like new!"
"When we ordered this product, we were very skeptical but it did a very decent job when used. We used it on our Macy's comforter which bobbled over a period of 5 months.

Pros:
 - Does what it is supposed to do
 - Collects the lint in a compartment

Cons:
 - Batteries relatively cost higher 'C-Type'. So factor in its cost.

But definitely a satisfactory product."
"I've shaved about 4 things, some sort of delicate, and it works great. Don't know about battery life."
"I'm a handspinner and love to spin fine merino wool...which happens to be notorious for pilling!  I didn't realize how badly it could pill until I knitted a sweater out of my handspun yarn.  After a year or so it was so dull and full of little pills that I wouldn't even wear it out in public. Since it took quite a while to spin all that yarn I was really dejected.  A couple of weeks ago, my spinning group was discussing this problem and I decided to do some research.  I read comments about sweater stones vs shavers on various blogs and web sites, and decided to buy the Fuzz Wizard based on the reviews.  I'm so glad that I did, and have already shared my results with some spinning friends!  It removes the pilling beautifully without damaging delicate yarns, and my sweater now looks like it did when it was first knitted.  The only negative is what other reviewers mentioned: it would be nice if it had an AC adaptor.  But with the results I'm getting, I'll gladly keep a supply of batteries on hand.  It's definitely worth the minor in conveneience to have my woolens looking so good again!  I definitely recommend it!"
"After laboring over hand-knitted sweaters, I certainly didn't want to see them get taken over by the Fuzz Monster. Some yarns just have to fuzz and/or pill; they can't help it. This shaver worked like a charm. Its construction is very simple, so I suspect it will last a long time. Easy to clean, and just one on-off button to deal with. They recommend the obvious: don't use this product on angora or other types of materials with a naturally ""furry"" aspect. I wouldn't use it on super delicate items, such as lace, either. It might shave off things you want to keep. That said, it's a safe bet, IMHO."
This product did the job - exactly as I wanted it to do.  I am very pleased.
Best thing I purchased in a long time! Worked great on a crappy Martha Stewart bed quilt that I regretted purchasing. This quilt was riddled with fuzz and little balls and it got rid of it nicely!
"I bought this at Walgreens, I think... years ago. Never had used it. My granddaughter must have washed a black sweatshirt in with a load of white towels. WHAT A MESS. I put batteries in my Fuzz Wizzard and had so much fun cleaning that sweatshirt that I felt guilty for doing it all by myself. That thing is AWESOME! I have used it on many throw blankets since then. It never has snagged a loose thread.
Kathleen"
"I love this so much! I have a black North Face fleece that was covered in these little white pills. I always tried to get them off with the lint rollers, and that never helped. I heard about these from word of mouth, but never really needed one until I stocked up on some nice fleece zip ups this past winter. I always felt a little embarrassed by how much my favorite fleece was pilling, and almost made it look kind of dirty and old. So I went on here and since this one had the most positive reviews, and at such a great price, I ordered this. I just got it in the mail today and was so excited to use it. I used it on my black fleece and sure enough, all those teeny little pills came right off! It took me about a good 15 minutes to get them all off but it was worth it. My jacket looks brand new now, and I'm so happy!! It does pick up all the pills pretty quick, the only reason it took me so long was because I had a lot on mine, and then I had to clean out the shavings bin. But really, no complaints on this! Even if this was ever to stop working, I'd just buy a brand new one! Really love this."
"The minute I got it in the mail i decided to test it. I could not believe what I saw. My black sweater, that was almost going to trash looked just like new. I am usually so skeptical about cheap little things, but this blew my mind. I can't wait to use it again. I think I am getting few more for my family and friends as a gift."
"I love this little fuzz buster.  It's quick and easy and does a great job on even large pills.

My only complaint is that I have to empty the container too often, but that is a minor complaint."
"I'm glad I gave this item a 2nd chance. The first one I received worked for just 15 minutes, then quit. Sent it back for a full refund and, because of the significant number of positive reviews, decided to give it another go. So far so good with the second one.  It works well as described and on dark fleece, the cleanup is dramatic. Hopefully the quality problem on the first one was an anomaly."
"I used this shaver to restore an entire couch, loveseat & chair!!  It was easy to use & made my furniture look almost new again.  I had the motor running for almost 2hrs straight & it worked like a charm from start to finish.  After sitting in my closet for a month it still works -- just tried it on a cashmere blend sweater & it did the job well!
I originally tried the Collins D-Fuzz-It-Fabrc Comb on my couch.. what a joke!!  I did one couch arm.. it took forever, was messy, etc.
Emptying the chamber on the Fuzz Wizard was EASY & was a small price to pay.

My husband said, ""finally, one of your cheap purchases that actually works!""

Highly recommended."
"Well...I was a skeptic..thinking...""another $10 gadget, will it work""? Well, hallelujah, finally one that does! Buy your 2 C batteries ahead of time and get ready with those polyester clothes. So far I did the inside of a sweater and the outside and inside of a pair of pants. Just perfect! Removed all the pills, made everything look new again. I read the prior feedback and am keeping the little chamber cleaned out often. It has a nice hum..a smooth vibration...and just go back and forth slowly over the item and it removes all those nasty bumps. I am such a happy camper!"
My Ontel Fuzz Wizard proved to be a clunker. I was really impressed with how well it worked the first few times I used it. But then that was that. After the third use it refuses to turn on despite a battery change and an extensive cleaning. I would not buy this one again.
"The fuzz shavers I have gotten in the past from large bedding stores have never worked. I needed something to refresh my sweaters this year and the reviews said this worked. I was skeptical but for the price thought it could not hurt to try it out.  It did a great job on my cashmere sweaters (even though the instructions say not to use on cashmere) and has revitalized some sweaters that I thought I would have to retire they looked so bad.  So far the blades are still sharp and it is working brillantly. Considering the sweaters I thought were lost causes it has restored to looking nearly new, it has paid for itself."
"This is the BEST product ever!  I had a couch that was just over 2 years old.  It got all pilled up.  It looked like it was 20 years old!  This device completely renewed the couch and it looks new again. Since it worked so well on my couch, I'm sure it will do the same for my old sweaters.  This is a MUST have.  Try it, you'll be happy you did!"
"I really needed one of these, did a little bit of research, read reviews, and settled with the Wizard Shaver. My expectations weren't set too high, I figured it would do a good enough job to clean up some fuzz. Well... It works a lot better than I thought. I ""shaved"" about 10 sweaters, all sorts (thin to thick), and they all look like new. I had no hole problem with it, you just have to watch what you're doing, that's all. I haven't had it for long, so not sure yet how durable it is, but so far I would definitely recommend this very useful item."
"Another reviewer said it best - $10 well spent.  My sweatshirt covered in 3 years of fuzz now looks almost new. It did take at least 30 mins for the whole hoodie the first time, but I could prob do it quicker in the future.

Heed the warning about not pressing down too hard.  It did only minimal ""damage"" to a heavy sweatshirt, but I can understand how it might tear the threads of a delicate.

Also have 2- ""C"" batteries handy, because it doesn't come with any.  It would probably be a waste of money to ship those anyways."
"Well, i was very surprised at how well it worked on my sweaters. Im a college student and i LOVE to wear my university hoodie while studying, going to class, walking the dogs ect. The sweater is my life. So as you can imagine, my poor over used sweater became very dull looking with all the little fuzz balls it collected over time.  This magical fuzz wizard brought my sweater back to life, it really looks brand new again. I would seriously recommend this product to anyone with a fuzz problem :) oh I only give it 4 stars because it works better on certain fabrics than others."
I bought this to get all the fuzz balls off of my couch and it looks new again.  You do have to empty the receptical a lot but it isn't that big of a hassle.  Well worth it for the look of a new couch again!!
This was a dreadful purchase for me.  It ripped two holes in my new sweater and stopped working in the first three minutes of use.  It's cheaply made and since I already threw away packaging I can't return it.  Bummer!
I love this little shaver.  It does the job and it does it well.  BUT do not use it on delicate fabric.  It will shredd a hole in it in a heartbeat.
"I almost bought the $20 dollar fabric shaver from brookstone and I'm so glad I didn't.  This product totally went above and beyond my expectations. I needed it to ""de-fuzz"" my two couches and it made them look like new.  I definately recommend this item and had no issues with it at all."
"I was wondering if a $10 product would do a good job....and was I surprised! It worked wonderfully and I'm amazed at how easy and perfectly the garment looks afterwards. I am 100% satisified and would recommend this to anyone who is looking for a ""de-fuzzer"".  Requires 2 C-size batteries and w/ free shipping from Amazon...you cannot go wrong!"
"This little shaver is amazing.  It gets off all the big fuzzies as well as the little ones that make things like t-shirts look dingy and old.  The only negative things I can say are that it's sort of loud but that really doesn't matter to me, and also that it's small so it can take a while to shave an entire sweater.  However, it works very, very well, and doesn't knick or ruin any fabrics.  I've even pressed very hard with it for some small fuzzies and no problems."
"This product removed the fuzz and little pill as advertised.  I am very, very glad I purchased."
"Can't beat it! For such a low price, this removed the fuzzies from my sweater.  It does take some time (depending on the amount of pills), but with patience, the results were fantastic!"
"Great price for a great product! It's light to use and it works! I have been used it since I got this in my mail. My sweaters, scarves, shirts, suede paints (and some socks!) are looking really good! Thanks to the fast shipping. I recommend it!"
"I wish it had a bigger space to actually catch the fuzz that it is removing so I didn't have to stop and empty it as often, but it works."
"I had been looking for a ""sweater shaver"" for awhile, but couldn't find one at Walmart, so looked on here...  I'm glad I saw the review for this item that said they found it at CVS, because that's where I ended up getting mine.  I've been shaving sweaters, shirts, pants like crazy since I've gotten it and am extremely pleased with how it has completely renewed my clothes.  As with other reviewers, I would love it if they had an a/c adapter for it, but I'm sure that would also raise the price of the item as a whole.  I really like this one because the metal screen is very solid, unlike another one that CVS was selling for $7.99, where the screen was very flimsy, like it could easily be ""torn"" or whatever..."
"I had been looking for one of these for a while and for $10 decided to take the chance on this one.  It works great - worth every penny!  Like one other reviewer, I do wish it had an A/C adapter and wish the lint recepticle was bigger, I had to empty it several times while using it.  Otherwise, I could not be happier with it!"
"Very effective handy little tool. I used it on my knitted sweater that had turned raggedy after a few washes. It grabbed all the unwanted fuzz and smoothed out the fabric like new! I tried it on a few shirts and it did a wonderful job. Big or small fuzz, it does the job. Great deal!"
This is awesome. It works very well. I don't worry about pilling anymore.
"I got the impression that this was the best of the best, not only from your description but by an advertisement.  I was shocked when I received it.  Do I need to call again, I thought, regarding this item too  - $66 plus dollars for this piece of small plastic.  I got out the clothing needing to be ""de-pilled"" and I worked and worked and worked with hardly any success.  I am greatly disappointed in this product."
"Okay product, upgraded to a more expensive model that works great."
It's ok but broke way to fast!
This fuzz shaver takes the cake! Truly affordable price wise & recommend this to all!
Didn't work that well for me.
It works.  You need to spend more money in order to get very quick results. For my personal needs and a few items it works great
A+
"This thing has some serious power 2 C batteries for this one.  Only used it once so far does the trick.  I'll be saving money without my clothes, etc. with those little pill balls making my clothes look shabby."
Takes time but my sweaters looked better.
