"This is a great machine for the price.  I am teaching my teenage daughter to sew and she is turned off by my clunky old Singer.  So I keep that around for the tough jobs and use this new Brother for the light weight stuff.

The only major limitation of this machine is that it can't really handle heavy weight fabrics or multiple layers very well.  There is no presser foot adjustment, so the foot can only be raised so much, and can't be adjusted for variable feed, depending on fabric thickness.  There is only one setting.  That means you need to use plenty of pins, and keep the old Singer around for the heavy duty stuff.  Otherwise, a fun little machine."
"I bought this for my 11-year-old daughter.
A knowledgeable friend recommended it because the price was reasonable, it has a drop-in bobbin, and has a needle-threader.
When it arrived, we went straight to our friend with it, and she showed us how to thread and operate it, and explained all the little doo-dads it came with.
We set it up in the playroom, and my daughter uses it almost daily, making stuffed animals and doing other creative things.  She's taught all her friends to use it, and they're all asking for sewing machines for Christmas.  We're loving it."
I have had this machine for a few weeks now and I enjoy it.  I find it easy to use though I have only used a few of its features.  I am new to sewing and just do simple things but threading and filling the bobbin were easy and the instructions helpful.
This machine is great!  I researched for months and Amazon had the best pricing and free shipping.....it's always great shopping at Amazon!
This machine is just great for me.  I previously sewed as a child in 4-H for many years and 15 years later have decided to come back to it.  So I have some experience but forget a lot and this machine is very forgiving.  Much easier to thread and wind the bobbin than in the old days.  It is light and has a great variety of stitches for mending and decorating.  I have used it on many fabrics without problem.  Highly recommended and loads of fun!
"I just got this machine a few weeks ago.  I am a beginner.  It is very easy to thread and stable when sewing.  Even I could follow the directions.  I have not tried the automatic buttonholer yet, but I have used a few of the stitches."
My mother  taught me how to sew the summer before I went to college and over the summer I really enjoyed learning and decoded I wanted to continue.  I found the Brother for cheap and decided to go with it.  It is a very hardy machine and has moved with me from home in New Mexico to college in Wisconsin for the past two years and I took it with me on a trip to Oregon.  Each trip it was bumped and banged and buried under a pile of other things but came out working just as good as ever... a real plus in the life of a college student.  I have learned how to do much more in the two and a half years that I've been sewing since I bought the machine and I am happy to report that I have not year found a project I could not do with this machine.  It is easy to thread both the needle and the bobbin and rarely breaks a thread or catches.  It has been a great machine to learn and grow on
"I got this recently. It is very easy to use even though I am an absolute beginner. I've already made 2 handbags with it.

Sewing is really simple, and the model has many different types of stitches, for decoration etc.

The only thing I haven't been able to work out yet is the embroidery. I am trying to do monogramming. The instructions say that you are supposed to lower the presser bar with the foot removed, but even without the foot, the foot base itself presses onto the fabric making it impossible to move freely. I am wondering if I am supposed to unscrew the foot base, instead of just removing the foot, but something like that is not mentioned in the manual."
"I bought this for my wifes birthday... She has sewn many different things, Rag Quilts, Blankets, Pillow cases...  I have a suit that is fraying around the Button Hole and the machine has the adapter to do button holes.

I think it is a great machine for the price...

PS. Extremely easy to thread and load the bobbin!"
"i have only used my sewing machine 10 times or so,  then the belt started slipping and now has to be repaired costing as much as i paid for the darn thing.  not such a deal at all.."
I bought this having never used a sewing machine in my life. I wanted something inexpensive for my first machine but not so cheap that i would get frusterated and give up. This machine was perfect for that and easy to learn on. I downloaded the manual and watched youtube videos for instruction to use. Ive since sewn quite a few items with no issues. Would definitely recommend for beginner use especially
works great at a great price!
Excelent produc
I had this machine now for about year and a half but not even a month after I bought it broke and I had to take it to be repair. Since then the machine has not been the same and I have to take it for repair every so often. Not recommend this product
good machine for good price
Good sewing machine for the price but my bobin & tension mess up at times.& can be a problem to fix.
"I love this sewing machine, I'm an amateur but it's easy to use, and great as a first sewing machine, I've had it a couple years now and it's still functioning as it should. I use it for small sewing projects and to fix seems"
"Great basic sewing machine with more built-in stitches than you will ever need )). If you are familiar to actual process of how to use sewing machines (what types of thread, needles to use, how to adjust settings etc.) you should have no troubles with this one.
Personally I use it mostly for crafts rather than making clothing. I also do not use it too often. But every time when I do I am quite happy with the result, no matter if I am working with thin cotton, jeans or faux four. I just need few minutes to adjust it and to try stitches on a little piece of fabric first. A bit noisy. But other than that it works well."
perfect. exactly what I needed. very happy with it.
"Works well, got it for a great price. I have a minor issue with properly threading the bobbin because I was used to doing it a different way but I've found if I just throw a few stitches into a piece of test fabric the thread will pull through from the bobbin on it's own. The reverse isn't super convenient either but once you get used to it it's not too bad. I really only use the basic stitch, so can't offer any feedback on those."
"my mom liked it, small and compact"
Good for very light work
Pretty darn good for the price
Will forever treasure.
"gave to my daughter,good quality for money"
Bought a while ago. Gift for my cousin who creates awesome outfits.
Just what I was looking for.  Love this thing.
"I have spent more time trying to get the thread tension correct than I have sewing with this machine.  Every time I have to change the bobbin, the tension gets all whacked out again.  The times I have been able to get it to work, I don't know what it is I did to make it work.  It's like it has a mind of it's own.  I followed the instructions in the operating manual... did not help.  I went to youtube to see if I could find videos that would help.  They all say basically the same thing.  Re-thread your machine, re-install the bobbin again.  After doing this so many times, I'm fed up.  It's too bad because for the money, it is otherwise a good machine.  Maybe I just got a lemon.
Update: after reading a review for this machine from ""SBP,"" my tension problems were resolved.  I'm so happy.  I wish I had found the review sooner.  I would have saved myself hours of frustration.  Still love the machine!

Update 02/07/18:
I have been looking at other sewing machines on Amazon thinking I might want to upgrade.  During my search I noticed the machine I already own, the Brother XL2600i has gone up in price significantly.  A brand new machine is listed at $389.00.  I bought my Brother XL2600i brand new on Amazon for $80.00 in April 2016. What in the world would justify this kind of price jump?  It's insane, and a complete rip off.  It is a very simple machine with none of the bells and whistles that you may expect for this price point.  Don't be fooled.  If your going to spend over $300 for a sewing machine, make sure you buy one with the all the extras that should be included on a machine that costs over $300.  If you have already purchased it, you should send it back and do some more research to find a machine that justifies that price point."
Great but needle breaks easily especially with thick or materials with glossy texture.
Excellent product.  I bought this for my 10 yo granddaughter and was very surprised at the quality and workmanship of this product.  I have sewn for for 50 years and this is a quality machine and will do most anything you want.  Take a good look at this machine. I highly recommend this.
"I am visiting friends and helping the daughter make a patchwork quilt. This is their home machine.

The thread consistently escapes the needle, and there is trouble with the bobbin thread tension. I would not buy this machine.

Plus side: it is quiet and offers a lot of decorative stitches, which we did not try because we can barely get the machine to operate at a basic level."
"When I bought this it only cost $80, and it sews like it cost about $35. On the lowest possible tension setting stitches still come out like there's too much. Not bad for a kid or something, but please do not waste $300 on this. There are much, much nicer machines out there for that price."
Use it all the time. I'm a novice sewer just use it for small jobs around the house. Amazing value for an amazing price
This has been a good buy for occasional alterations.
It's barely a toy.  Either I got a lemon or this is a terrible machine.  The instructions have obviously been translated from some third world country that never saw an English dictionary.  A lot of the instructions are pictures that are so complicated that Ikea would blush!  Don't waste your money on this piece of junk.
"I wanted to buy a basic sewing machine for my mother (has been using sewing machines for years), and myself (amateur at best.

This machines is really easy to use. It is easy to thread. It has over 20 types of stitches."
"Nice machine, easy to use, but still have to use the instructions.  Some of the stitiches are  a bit hard to figure out the right one for the fabric"
"My only complaint with this product was the difficulty of threading this machine.  Otherwise, it is a good value."
Ive had this machine for years! I love it and have created many new things. I broke my last needle so Im now looking for extras. Only complaint I can say.. the bobbin wonder on top does not wind every time.. I would purchase this over again!
"I had zero sewing experience and have used this successfully for clothes, window treatments, and more. Great machine."
Great for beginners
Don't buy this machine. After a few times it starts to jam. I know 3 other people that have this machine and they have the same problem. Don't waste your money in this product.
I love it ! Thanks
"I am not an expert seamstress, but this seems to be a very nice starter sewing machine. It works very well, and has parts of extra features that I don't even know if I would use. However it's nice to have those features in case I decide to use them later. Overall I am very happy with the sewing machine."
"Great value, but for serious sewers AND MAINLY children not a good machine."
Great price for daughter in laws starter
This Brother XL26001 Sewing Machine is Fantastic.
"6 years later and an Etsy shop later this little machine has helped me accomplish so much. It has seen some serious abuse from my end and still continues to preform like I just bought it. The space under the arm is a bit small but it is great for smaller projects. Be sure to get the right bobbin for this machine, I originally had some issues when I first purchased this machine thinking it was a malfunction but one I got the right bobbins for it, it has worked like a dream. It struggles a bit with fleece but I was sewing up to 4 layers of fleece at a time on this thing, it complained but never busted, I'd recommend this machine to see through up to 4 layers of canvas, 3 layers of denim and 2 layers of fleece. Handles linen and cotton well, is double needle compatible and works great for button holes and is decent at handling knit fabrics with the build in stretch stitch options"
Excellent
love the machine
I absolutely love this. It is very simple to use!
"Gave it 4 stars because it came broken in an open box, but I returned it and got a brand new one, the machine did get stuck on some clothes i was sewing, but I managed to fix it, kinda ruined some clothes, but now i learned how to use it better, and i like it, overall, its okay"
love my machine .  great for  beginers
"This is the best you can buy for a price that won't give you a heart attack. Some sewing machine are just ridiculously priced, This has helped me finish all of my projects including pillows and blankets. Strong and lasts long, still using it today after 2 years"
"I purchased this machine here on Amazon in 2014.  Before I ever used it, we moved, and it got tucked away in a box and forgotten.
Last week I used it for the 1st time  :)  It was (fairly) easy to thread and had no tension problems (bad memories from high school sewing class back in the 70's)  As I haven't sewn since high school, I have nothing recent to compare this to....but it sure has more features that the oldies ever did.  So far I've only used the straight stitch and zig zag with no issues.  Comes with great instructions, although I can't say much for the pictures."
Great for learning to sew. Good quality with lots of stitch options.
"I got this item as a gift. Took me a while to open, but when I did it was missing the cord and petal."
great
"I never write a review to this product, because I was trying to find the way to work with it. I bought this sawing machine long time ago and never get to use it. I followed the manual of instructions that comes with the machine, also in YouTube, the thread stuck in the coil, all the time the thread was JAM. I asked for help to different people who knows about this machines, thinking that is my lack of knowledge and experience with this things, but, they also experienced my same frustration. Finally today I decide to donate this machine. Brand new, never used."
So happy I got this. I am able to do more than ever. I had a smaller one different brand which broke. I have had no issues with this and I use it all the time.
"After 3 years of not using the machine since I bought it, I decided to make some button holes, is not working! Is doing about half and at the end of the half keeps sewing in the same spot till is building much thread and not going anywhere  . Now I regret I bought it! I have industrial machines, and I worked with many types so far, I know how to handle a machine, but this is a piece of crap!"
Works for small works
Pretty good. I doubt know much of seeingmachines but this is pretty easy to use
I really like this sewing machine. For a advance sewer easy to use.
"Back when we were dating, my now wife found out I liked to fix and repair stuff rather than constantly throw out and buy new. I expressed interest in learning to sew with a machine, so for our first christmas, she got me this. It is wonderful. Fast to set up, easy to use, and very versatile. I have now used it to make costumes, fix everything from sheets to graduation robes, and 5 years/6 moves later it still functions marvelously. A very solid buy."
"Great product, love it"
Excelentes
I bought this along time ago and finally started using it. I have sewn jeans and made a romper into a shirt. I love this and will be making more items. Great beginner sewing machine. I am not a beginner ( I took sewing in high school) but I didn't want something complicated. I am not making wedding dresses.
Super easy to use.
Great sewing machine for light diy sewing repairs. Even my husband can operate this unit with ease.
Works great
Great
Works well for my younger children
It works great and will recommend it
very good machine......my wife has done lots of clothes with it
good
I bought this for my wife a long time ago. She still uses it frequently. It's very nice and worth the purchase.
"Good beginner machine,"
I gave it one star because I can't give it anything lower.  I used it 3 times and it broke.  Not to mention that it is so light that when I sew it moves all over the place. Now Amazon won't take it back because 3 months have passed.  I do not sew everyday so How was I to know it was going to brake. I have to drive 45 minutes to a service center to have it repaired. I am bummed at Amazon and Brother as well. I can't believe they don't have a service center in my town.
This sewing machine is so easy to use. I like it a lot. It's inexpensive but has lots of features.
"Very versatile, works perfectly. Happy with this purchase."
Good machine for $80. No major issues in 2 years.
Pretty terrible but you get what you pay for. Has ruined about half of the items I've tried to sew with it.
The machine is great. The threading couldn't be figured out by someone who could see. So does me no good. I never use that.
I haven't tried to use it yet. Waiting for my new craft room to be completed. I'm so excited to try it out. Let me rate it later on.
Love love this!
More than does the trick for me or anyone else who is not a pro and needs to be able to patch a pair of jeans or take on the occasional special project.
very good
ok
"This machine worked just fine for a year and a half, then one day it just stopped working. No strange sounds or obvious jammed thread or fabric, it just stopped working. After reading some online forums, I thought maybe it overheated, so I turned it off and waited 30 mins and tried again...nothing. I even waited overnight and tried again...nothing. The light was still turning on, so when I called Brother customer service they recommended a new foot pedal. I purchased one, plugged it in...nothing. After a year and 5 months of light to moderate usage, I'm stuck with what is basically just a bulky overpriced paperweight.

I'm not the type of person to cry wolf and give a product a bad review if I in any way misused it, so please believe me when I say I've always followed the instructions very carefully. I never used this machine in any way that was outside the intended scope, and honestly I barely used it much until this past month when I would sew a few things on the weekends.  Because it seemed so unusual for the machine to just die after such light use, I tried to contact Brother to see if they might be concerned. Clearly, since it was past the one year warranty, they don't care if it works anymore.

Brother apparently does not feel any guilt over selling me a shoddy product, and has no regard for decent customer service. They got their money...what do they care if the machine actually works once it's over a year old, right? It's out of warranty, it's not their problem!

What makes this even more heartbreaking for me personally is that when I got this machine in September of 2015, I was so incredibly excited. I had wanted a sewing machine for a long time, and since I was going through a financially lean period I requested that if my family wanted to give me a birthday gift they could all put in a small amount in Amazon gift cards so I could buy this machine. Not just any machine...THIS one. I researched a lot of sewing machines and the Brother XL2600i seemed like the best option for me. This was my big gift for the year.

I recently got really into textile art and thread sketching, and I was accepted into an art show in May to display my work. I bought a bunch of new fabrics and special fabric ink and was ready to jump in and create something incredible...except now I can't...because my machine died halfway through my 2nd piece. It was starting to look pretty cool too.

...I'm just so disappointed."
Nice machine. Very easy to setup and use.
Excellent beginner's sewing machine
This is a great machine. Has several features for both novice and experienced users. It's a great size and easy to move around.
I like this low use machine.  I am able to sew without my hands hurting and cramping.  I misjudged this machine initially.  Not fancy but very useful.
"Great starter machine. This was my first machine as I wanted to teach myself how to sew zipper pouches for resale.  Great power for sewing thru thick layers. Only wish I could control the speed.
I later bought the Brother automatic version which has speed control but that machine struggles to go thru thick layers which this machine has no problem with.
Was going to sell this machine when I got the new one. So glad I didn't!"
"My wife loves it, I don't know a thing about it other than it is in good working condition."
Great product
"Really affordable, but kept jamming when I used it, not great quality, I returned it."
Beginner sewer. Very user friendly.
"A great sewing machine for beginners.  It's easy to use, and the instructions were very easy to follow."
"I bought this machine because I was having problems with my other brother sewing machine.  When I change the bobbin thread, sometimes it works, but usually doesn't.  All the same settings and the stitching is more like a basting stitch.  They pull right out.  I am using the same thread as the top thread, same spool, exact same settings as I was using when I found one that worked, even the exact same bobbin!  I have to spend 30 minutes or more switching out top and bottom threads until I hit on a combination that the machine likes.  This is happening with both of these machines.  The other is the model ex660.  I have contacted Brother and the response I got back was ""your stitches are set too long"".  I know what a basting stitch is and it's not set to that.  Given the fact that sometimes it works AT THE EXACT SAME SETTINGS, the settings are correct.  It's like the person at Brother who responded didn't really read about what the issue is.  If you want the stitches to be correct every time and want to avoid frustration, do not get a Brother sewing machine.  I should be able to put in a new bobbin thread and be good to go every time.  And Brother has given no customer service.  I have contacted them about this problem numerous times with nothing that helped.  I used to enjoy sewing.  Not so much anymore."
"I got this machine about 8 years ago. I still have it and use it for everything. I recently have been thinking of upgrading simply to have more options but I will keep this still. It handles fabric well, just made a flower girl dress with it using silky satin and gathering lots and lots of Tull. Love thiz machine and would recommend it."
excellent sewing product.
Great sewing machine...
Great.
"I absolutely happy with the sewing machine. It works great just as I expected to. A very fair price for a used sewing machine. The seller said that the cosmetic damage was below 5%, but really I couldn't find anything wrong."
AWESOME! perfect for a beginner ( or better) with super easy instructions. great features like the removable arm piece (which doubles as storage) to the bobbin winder to the needle threader!
Was temporality useful until couldn't get the tension regulated for stitching. Sold the Brother on Craigslist because we waited too long to return it to amazon.
Jams or the stitches become loose after a week of light usage!!!
"LOVE MY SEWING MACHINE,SO EASY TO SEW WITH,QUIET,AND LIGHT WEIGHT."
Absolutely my choice! -wifey
"A Wonderful Christmas Gift, my wife loves it, works Great!!!!!!"
"My father loves it, it can get the work done."
"This is without a doubt the worst sewing machine ever! It sucks up the fabric, Iv'e ruined so many items on this sewing machine because of that. The thread bunches up in the bobbin. I've taken it apart as suggested in the manual and cleaned the bobbin case, still not working properly. I would never get another Brother machine."
"My first sewing machine. Have only done a few jobs, but it was easy to learn on this."
"I've had this Brother XL2600I sewing machine since late May 2015.  I've made curtains and quilts and various household items.  My intention for this machine was for light repairs and as a second sewing machine to use at the cabin.  When my new Janome was getting repaired I used the Brother for emergency work to finish a quilt.  I was delighted and a little mad that I'd spent so much money for the Janome when the Brother was so easy and dependable.  The bobbin is easy to fill and easy to load.  You won't find a better sewing machine for the money than this jewel.  Agreed the throat area is not very large for a quilting project, but most of my quilts are sewn in sections so no problem there."
Super easy to use for the novice like myself. Exactly what I wanted and needed for my first sewing machine
I want to return but after 30 days not allow to return.  It didn't work. I will highly recommend not to buy it.  It's difficult to set the menu.
Easy to work and use. Excellent for beginner. To me it was a must to have at home. Very reasonable price!
"This machine is my lifeline. I bought this a year ago with no sewing knowledge and now sell quilts and baby items online. This machine is powerful, easy to use, and anytime I've had a ""problem""(I say this because it's usually my fault) it is easy to troubleshoot. I can buy feet anywhere and they have always fit, even after arguing with a woman at a quilt shop when purchasing one of their feet for it. Fully impressed by brother!
The only reason I am moving on from this machine is because I need a bigger quilting machine.
Now I bought mine for about $200 cheaper. For this price I'd suggest going for another machine just based on features that are available on cheaper models. But, an absolutely amazing machine that I would keep if I had the space."
Okay for a new machine threaded a little outdated.
Just an amateur/hobbyist but I thinkt it's a great sewing machine. Very easy to use.
"I'm a novice at sewing and this does everything I want it to at a good price. The controls are easy to use. It handles all the basic stitches, and comes with an attachment for zippers. The manual is confusing at how to thread the machine, so I took out one star because this is critical info. I had to supplement with Youtube videos and general sewing manuals from the library. Once this was figured out, it's really easy to use for a variety of projects. I've sewed clothes and and mended lots of things. I've fixed gear (bags, backpacks), mended sheets and towels, re-hemmed pants, put facing into shirt hems that were rolling up, cut off long sleeves and cuffs that I didn't like."
Great product for the price. Have used it many times very reliably.
"Great product for household use, excellent price and delivery. Recommended highly."
This was my first sewing machine I bought it about 4 years ago and I still use it. It's a great machine for sewing clothes but not quilting. I have found that if the fabric is thick the machine gets stuck. I sew my own jeans. I have sewn almost every fabric with this you just have to use the right needle. Great machine for a great price.
"Works well, and very easy to use!"
"Because I'm new to sewing, my review is based on my experience while having very limited experience in sewing or machines.

I am very new to sewing.  So new that I bought this machine without ever having even seen one in-person.  I really want to learn to sew and I did a lot of research on machines... without actually knowing what I was looking for by way of brand or options, etc.  This machine got pretty good reviews across different sites, so I decided to bite the bullet and buy it.  Based on my research, I wanted something with enough features/stitches, but I also didn't want to spend a lot of money in case I found out that I really hated sewing or just was awful at it.

The directions for threading the bobbin and the needle were not that great, in my opinion.  I had much better luck finding a video online to show me how to do those things. They really weren't that difficult, but the directions weren't very clear.  Once I got them done, I read the manual a little to see what the numbers and stitches and everything meant and I was good to go.

The machine works well, and is very easy to use.  I sometimes have a problem where the top thread falls out of the needle or off the bar in the front, but I think it's something I'm doing incorrectly rather than the machine not working properly.  The stitching done by the machine is perfectly fine, though I haven't experimented with more than three stitches.

The features on this machine seem to be enough for a beginner sewer, but I cannot say whether they would be good for someone more advanced.  For my needs, this machine is wonderful and makes sewing projects much easier and saves a lot of time.

I'm really happy with this machine, especially for the price.  I would definitely recommend it.  I'm curious as to why there were such negative reviews about this machine, like maybe they know something I don't.  I don't have any bad things to say about it."
"it works well,"
junk
"Very easy to use, dependable. Love it.."
"For a beginner, this machine has been everything I needed. It is very user friendly and easy to figure out. I took it to my quilting group with very experienced quilters and they all thought it was a good machine. Highly recommended."
It's great!
"Very easy to use for a beginner such as myself. Covers all of my basic needs for sewing, and operates well."
"works fine, had some trouble at first, but it seems to be working better now"
This is a great seeing machine. Lightweight and very handy. Love it
"It's a pretty nice machine, but a real rip to get the bobbin in/ threaded."
Great machine
Just received it as a gift.. no cord.. no instructions
Bought this to learn how to sew but I haven't gotten there yet.  Got a great price on it and just wanted a basic machine.
Love it
"I love this machine,  Lightweight and simple to use.  Has only 25 stitches and they are really simple to use. Also, costs $80.  What a deal!!!"
Wasn't sure how this thing would work out because of some negative reviews but it's working pretty good for me so far..about 2 months now.  Easy to use and does basic sewing pretty well.  Not bad.
Does everything I needed it to do.  This is not for a professional seamstress.  This is for someone who does their own repairs and craft projects.
 this! Visuals on the machine make it easy! The best might be the fact that it has a mechanism to thread the needle for you!
Good
"After using another brand much older and heavier machine for years, I was delighted to find this lightweight one that has a needle threader!  Love it!"
Easy to use. Great Value.
"1. When the needle threader works it's great. Sometimes it doesn't hit the hole on the needle. 2. Doesn't sew thru thick spots when installing zippers or 3 thicknesses of denim when patching - the thread breaks. 3. Threading instructions are so tiny I needed a magnifier AND glasses to see it. 4. HATE that to backstitch I have to use my right hand to hold down a button. This means that if the machine hand wheel needs a little nudge to get the machine to go I have to release the back button to turn the wheel and then the machine sews forward, not reverse. 5. In the raised position, the pressure foot doesn't give me enough clearance to slide my project into place unless I hold it up with my right hand. A nuisance if I'm working on a bulky jacket or jeans."
"Easy to use, lightweight, and versatile."
Fast delivery and works great.
Love it . Haven't sewn  in years and it is really easy to use .
Thanks
Was broken on delivery
Great machine!
The only issue I had was adjusting the bottom thread. That was user error though. I suggest you pay extra close attention on the bottom threading.
Satisfied came and works as expected .
I've been using this machine quite frequently. It's great! It comes with extra bobbins and needles and it's easy to use.
"This things rocks,I got it for my wife and she was so busy,I jump in to see how it works and hold an behold. This is a great sewing machine,very simple to operate and understand the instructions. The automatic tread really works and it never fails every time I would string it. Very smooth in it's transactions when sewing different materials...he he he my wife is just chuckling at me cause I too a guy can sew with this machine.........."
This is the perfect seeing machine for me. It's so easy to pull it out for a little or big project. I haven't found anything I can't sew with it.
It works well for me!
Great beginners sewing machine! My fiance and I just started doing cosplay and this was the best purchase we have made together! It can handle most materials (including faux-leather) and is very reliable!
Excellent machine for every day sewing. No complaints
"Sucked, couldn't get it to work rigt out of the box, had to return right away."
"Love it!  Much nicer than expected.  Lots of stitches.  Sews very nicely, easy to use. Great beginner machine."
Very effecting. As a first dress maker it make learning easy.
Excellent product good purchase
Just perfect
Easy to use very quiet and most of all my wife loves it ! It is one the best gifts I have bought her I would buy this again in a heart beat and performance proves you don't have to spend several hundred to get a good machine ....
"I LOVE MY NEW SEWING MACHINE!  I have had the same fancy Singer ""portable"" machine since the 1970's. I can barely lift it!  It also frequently needs oiling or servicing because I don't use it as much as I did back then.  Every time I took it in to be fixed, I was told, ""Don't ever get rid of this machine; they don't make them like they used to.""  Well, I'm here to say that I love this new machine!  It was inexpensive and it does the job for me.  I use it mostly for mending at this time, but I wouldn't hesitate to use it for more complicated jobs.  It's lightweight and easy to store."
Terrific
Very nice easy to use. Love the self threader. Good value.
great light weight machine i love it! been using moms old heavy machine!!
I have not used a sewing machine in well over 30 years.  This one has been pretty easy to use and it has not disappointed thus far.
Bought  it for my  11 year old grand daughter she picked up the operation  in 20 minutes and loves it !!! easy to use. I now want one  for my wife
Great little machine. It works as expected and the little needle threader is very helpful. I made some curtains and stitched up some puppets.
"Purchased this for my 6yr old to learn to sew on, and it's a wonderful, sturdy basic machine! Love it."
it'll do it's job.
This is a gift ... and I HOPE it's as awesome as it looks!! Can't wait for my daughter to start sewing!
Great machine for semi skilled sewers like myself!
More affordable than a maintenance service!
"I'm no professional crafter, but this is perfect for the simple sewing I do. Have now had it for quite a while, and it's still going strong! Great buy!"
"Love this machine!!  I am a true novice, and this machine is easy to use.  The automatic needle threader actually works!!  It is also a quiet machine.  For the features and price, you just can't beat it."
"I am a cosplayer and this sewing machine is the first modern machine I have ever owned (I was used to the ancient rocking pedal Singer machines). I have owned this for over a year now and it is FANTASTIC. It requires cleaning every few months (the guide shows you how to clean it) and I would suggest a tune up every 6-12 months (depending on frequency of use) as you cannot oil the gears yourself (it requires custom tools). Other than that this is WONDERFUL! I have made SO many costumes with this and the stitching is spot on. It also comes with a variety of feet (button foot, zipper foot, quilting foot, blind hem foot, rolling foot, etc.) and some basic needles to get you started. The hide away pocket under the needle is terrific for storing the tools to take it apart and the spare feet.

NOTE: Run it over some spare fabric before using heavily - it needs tension adjustment and testing right out of the package.

TOTALLY great for all levels of sewers."
"It works well, I started as a newbie to sewing and I'm in love with the craft, although I'm certain this is not THE best product out there it works! I've learned enough about the machine to figure out what's wrong, watched a few videos to get started. I would recommend this machine to a beginner or intermediate at sewing."
it is ok
Great product. Great price
love it
"Light weight, easy to thread, and operate.  I would recommend this machine for a beginner or someone who has difficulty with lots of doodads."
I got this sewing machine to teach myself to sew. It is super easy to learn and pick up right away. Perfect for beginners!
"Seams defective, probably should of got one of higher quality.  The needle always hits the bottom plate and breaks off"
"Works great, more than just a basic  sewing machine."
"I'm an economical father of 5.  I love learning how to do things and aspire for title of Renaissance man.  Sewing was on my list of tools that I lacked in my expertise arsenal.  After watching Project Runway and naming my 2nd daughter after one of the contestants (Kenley).  I pleaded w/ my wife to let me get one and after dismissing my quirkiness for months she conceded and got me this for my birthday.  Thanks to YouTube I learned what a bobbin was and how to thread the machine.  A few days later and trips to Joanne, I made a pillow case.  Now 3 years later I've produced dresses, curtains, bedskirts, patches, and bunches of fixes.  My kids are so proud I even made our christmas card outfits one year.  Tim Gunn lookout!
Great machine.  I have no frame of reference but does everything I need it to so far."
Love my machine! Easy to use for a beginner like me. I was able to make my kids Halloween costumes and everyone was impressed.
This is what I call a disposable sewing machine.  Every few years I get a new one.  I have sewn everything on this from leather to denim.  You must use correct needles with it if you want it to last longer.  If you are sewing through thick denim get denim needles otherwise the needle will break and you will think the machine is not strong enough.
Just love it thank you haven't stop sewing yet
I've had a terrible time with this machine. I wish I could return it and get a better one. Just simple stiching leaves me with bunched up thread on the bottom. I've tried re threading and bobbing and nothing seems to last more than one or two stiches. This is junk. Buyer beware!! Left one star because Amazon would not take a zero rating.
I am amazed at how great this little machine is.  so easy to thread so easy to change settings.
Excellent product at bargain price.
"my grandma has an old fashioned sewing machine in her garage, which is worked by feet and you can control the speed by yourself, that is quite inconvenient
this kind of sewing machine has been used for 3 years, she took months to get used to this new style, and this is really easy and accurate! it has inserted some stitch modes, what you have to do is to choose one and it will give you whatever you want and each of the stitch is so pretty. she is getting older and her eye has been getting worse, this machine can help her enjoy her interests in a easier way"
Very very nice sewing machine.
"I only just used the machine for the first time and it broke after 1/2 hr of use...i bought the machine, based on the quantity of positive reviews but, I should not have bought this brother machine. Very cheap, very loud, very frustrating and now its just broken...do not buy this machine, please."
It have a lot of problems
Great.
great
"I love this machine, it is light weight, works well for my needs, I would recommend it to a friend"
I fixed my own dress to wear to the wedding and this machine saved me $60.00. A lovely dress I bought for 39.99 would cost $60.00 to have it altered. It took me 4 hours thought to fixed my dress perfectly. I'm not a dressmaker but I've watched my late Aunt sew dresses. I was thinking of her while I was working on my dress and I believed she was with me in spirit. :) I was proud of myself when it was done. I was even surprised how I did it. :)
"2 days after amazon's return window ended, I started having skipping/timing issues with my machine.  Took it to a repair place yesterday and he told me it's a $80 repair job. Do yourself a favor and buy a higher quality machine"
My wife loves this machine.  It's a straight-forward sewing machine to use for somebody who is not an advanced user.
"Bobbin design is terrible.  I've had sewing machines since I was 14, even cheaper models work perfectly.  A few weeks in since I received it, and still troubleshooting the bobbin tension.  Found some help online; there is a tiny screw that can be adjusted to fix the problem.  First you need to almost dismantle the bottom part of the machine, you need several sizes and types of screwdrivers to be able to do it.  Right now, I have to wait until I buy a set that will fit the tiny screw.  I did some adjustments, but it still skips some stitches. I'm hating this machine.  Another thing is that is not good for people with neuropathy or carpal tunnel.  Its seems that using a ""coin"" to unscrew the big screws is an easy task and a good idea.... not for a person whom needs a good grip on what it holds in order to avoid pain.  I'll keep trying to fix the problem, I'll give some updates... for now I'm extremely dissapointed.  Getting a straight stitch and a zig zag is BASIC and should be easy.  The manual is good for nothing in troubleshooting."
Great for the price
so far so good.
EXTREMELY easy to use.
"As an emerging entrepreneur, I was excited to pick up the art of sewing and add this machine to my home. I took sewing lessons from a seamstress in my area and once I was confident in the basics I began my research. I finally settled on this machine and ordered it. I have projects that I have been putting off for months because of two things:
The bottom thread jams frequently. As in, multiple times per project. Any time I pick the fabric up and sew in another spot, or turn, or sew anything other than a straight line, it jams up and roars as though it is going to eat my fingers and proceed to the rest of my house.
It only has ONE speed - GIDDYUP. There is no slow and steady as with my singer, and the thing damn near takes my fingers off and leaves crooked lines on my projects when it doesn't jam. Would not recommend this to a beginner sewer as even my seamstress was unimpressed and advices me to return the machine."
I was very sceptical about buying a sewing machine for $80.00; since in the 70s my Kenmore cost $400.00. I don't sew that much anymore but like all tools you have to have the right one. My Kenmore would not hold a tension no matter how many times I had it fixed (could have bought about 4 new machines at what I paid). It was hard for me to give it up! But I'm I glad I did! This machine is my new love! I watched a couple of UTube videos and wha-la I'm working it! This machine does everything you need! Great features!
Easy to use so far. Slimmed some jeans down and it worked great.
"I bought this sewing machine locally several years ago. This machine makes me hate sewing. I don't pull it out very often because I turn into an angry sailor. I am sewing 1 pieces of fleece together to make a simple tossing bean bag. The machine continually jams, sucks fabric into the bobbin and then I have 16 miles of thread looped on the back. Also only sews at 657 mph."
"This replaced a 63 year old Singer with chronic thread tension problems and associated repair bills twice the cost of this machine..
The ease of threading, and a REAL INSTRUCTION BOOK are a revelation.
I am 80 years old, and the needle threader works without having be able to see the needle eye. No more magnifying goggles needed.
For a handweaver this is a very good tool. I even like the new size bobbins and the clear window that lets you see how much thread is on the bobbin."
Very satisfied.  Price is good . And it works great . Very happy and it was on time even better.
outstandind product.
"I am still learning many things about this machine, however, it is quite user friendly and the instructions are great!

Thanks!"
So far not a single issue!! Great item.
"Heavy, very well made."
This is a great sewing machine for any beginner.  I would highly recommend it.
"I am learning how to sew, very easy to use and quality is great. I really recommend this product! Cheaper than Joanns"
"I finally have had time to use it. The first project it worked fine but since then I have been unable to get the tension right so the stitches on the underside to the fabric are loose and loopy. I still have some ideas to try, but it's frustrating because I don't have a lot of time to do the things I enjoy so I hate that this is a barrier to my sewing. I have some things I'll try...when I get time again!"
My favorite sewing machine I ever owned. So easy to use!
Easy and fun. I am a beginner and it was very easy to learn how to use!
Great first machine for beginners.
"I have had this machine for about a month now, and have sewn three items.  It has worked well enough, however, there was a time where the threading was snagging on itself and I had to pull everything out and rethread the machine.  I really don't like all the plastic parts, but for the price I guess you can't beat it."
Very nice sewing machine for the price...  ;-)
"Unfortunately, I opened my package later than the return date. Horrible and damaged! the stitching doesn't fall properly it is weak!"
"I've only used it a couple of times so far, but it works great and is super user-friendly! Successfully make my Halloween costume!"
This is the second time I bought this machine.  First one lasted 4 years using it several hours every day.
Stopped working after only 2 months.  Buyer beware
This was a present.  The recipient loves it.  She says it does get challenging when working with stiffer fabrics though.
"So far, I only used the machine for a couple of small projects. So far, so good. awtting up everything, including threading the needle is super easy. When going at max speed (which isn't very fast), it start making weird sounds, so maybe going slower is better. I'm a little worried about the various small plastic parts on the machine. Hopefully, nothing will break."
"The bobbin does this horrifying thing where it tangles and backtracks and then unspools violently sometimes, but that may just be because I don't know how to run one of these things properly."
My granddaughter loves this sewing machine.
Very happy with this sewing machine.
My grandchildren love having their very own real sewing machine.  This is a great little machine for them to learn on.  Nice basic stitch and several decorative stitches.
"First time sewer here, this machine is amazing!  Trying to thread it the first time was very confusing following the included directions but 2 minutes on youtube cleared it right up.  Do yourself a favor and watch a video instead of trying to interpret the included hieroglyphs."
It's a great machine!
"Its doing great so far, easy to thread, good amount of options, no problem with tension."
"I wanted a simple sewing machine to relearn how to make simple repairs and projects, so I purchased this machine as the reviews were so good and I couldn't find a better price elsewhere.  Fortunately one of my friends is an excellent seamstress and tested out this machine for me - she gave it her approval, and promised me a few lessons as well."
"I love everything about this sewing machine. I recommend it to everyone interested in quilting, hemming, altering clothes. I really really like it. Wonderful investment"
Can't wait till Monday to get my new machine. I'm sure it will be exactly what I want.
Being new to sewing I came onto Amazon seeing the reviews for this machine. I have had it for 5 weeks and it was working for 3 weeks then my bottom stich started looping and knotting up. I thought that I was doing something wrong till I went to YouTube and saw other people having the same problem. I have read the manual numerous times and I have used all 9 tensions on the knob. I'm very disappointed
Excellent.  Our quilt group at church appreciated the threading feature.
Great machine far better than I had hoped for.
I had purchased this sewing machine around a year ago. It was perfect and worked fine initially however after only 4 uses the MOTOR on the machine went out. I originally thought it was a foot pedal problem so I had ordered another one however it did not work. It seems to be good but the LIFESPAN of the machine is VERY SHORT. if you only need it for a few things than buy all means purchase this machine which will set you back around a $100.00 but if you are thinking this is something you can use over a year DON'T EVEN BOTHER. Product is in pristine condition only used 4 times and still customer service will tell you there is nothing they can do about it. WASTE OF MONEY WASTE OF TIME pick a different product or better yet find a better company to purchase from.
came damaged and with missing pieces. I can't even return it because it would cost too much to ship it back.
"Ok, It get the work done, but for the same price I could buy a better one"
"The machine works well and the price certainly was right.  Parts of the machine's casing were broken - the metal thread guide was bent down and had cracked the plastic under it, and there's a chunk taken out of the casing near the thread spool - but I was able to bend the thread guide back up.  For a bargain machine, it's fine."
"The machine had a fabric feeding issue, and it would have cost me more than I paid for the machine to have it serviced. Returned and got a different model that I like so much better."
"I've been using my machine for many Christmas projects these past three months, and it continues to work wonderfully. I love the drop in bobbin and easy threading feature!"
great little machine with lots of stitching options.  Seller shipped it right away.
Good
"This was a birthday gift for my 10-year-old granddaughter, who is very ""crafty."" While the setup was explained, it was a bit too difficult for her to understand without some grownup help. Overall, the machine lives up to its description, being both very affordable and useful. The Brother XL2600i is not a toy and it requires adult supervision until such time as the user is comfortable using it."
"#1, Im a guy!  Never sewed, never handled a sewing machine before and needed to make a costume for Halloween quick!  Bought it and it arrived the next day.  I never read the directions and just watched videos for this model machine online.  Such as threading top thread and bobbin.  Worked very well and was rather impressed.  Probably not as smooth as a more expensive model but it sewed what I needed and the it did the job very well.  I was impressed, wife was impressed and kids were impressed.  Im holding onto this machine!"
"The only complain I have against this machine is that some of the protective plastic film over the dials was warped when the machine arrived (nothing that would effect its performance). Otherwise, it arrived on time and has been easy to use for this novice sewer."
Great.
Easy to use
VERY difficult to set up and I returned it.
"Purchased this for my oldest daughter. Here is what she says:

""This machine is great, especially for beginners. The manual and the myriad online videos make it pretty easy to figure out how to use, even if you've never sewn before. The only downside is that the machine needs to be on for the light to work, but all set up is supposed to happen while the machine is off, so it can be tough to see as you try to do things like thread the needle.

I'm a beginner and have only used it for basic sewing so far, but I'd definitely recommend this machine!"""
Very happy with my sewing machine
"My wife found this very easy to use and it's not as heavy as other machines, which makes carrying it around pretty easy too."
"Shipping was quick. I am still new to sewing and this machine was perfect in all aspects. Easy to set up, learn and use."
"I've never used a sewing machine in my life.  In fact, I don't know if I've ever touched one except maybe helping someone move.  But I opened the box up last night and within an hour had sewed my first seam.  Now, maybe it's easier than I always thought it was, but I feel like this machine HAS to be the most user-friendly thing I've ever used.  The directions were easy, the machine was easy, now I think sewing is easy.  Of course, I'm sure I'm going to mess something up when I try to sew something real and not just the seam on an old t-shirt, but I'm happy so far.  Who said men can't sew?

Now I need a good beginner's guitar..."
"Easy to use , best for begineers. I recommend this to all my friends."
"I bought this product a few months ago, having never owned a sewing machine or knowing how to sew. I was concerned that I would not be able to pick up how to use it, but this machine is very easy to use! The machine is in perfect condition and runs like a dream, perfect for a first time user. In addition, there are many add-ons for those who are proficient in sewing (like embroidery tools). Not to mention, the price was one that could not be beat! I would recommend this product to anyone who wants to purchase a sewing machine."
you get what you pay for. It's a very cheaply make machine but it is a cheaply priced machine as well
Really easy to use!
I love this machine! It is fast and easy to use and I love that it threads the needle by itself.
I love this machine. I can feel that there is going to be hours and hours of pleasure with it.
My wife loves it. The machine is working perfect!
very well built
"I bought this for my wife several years ago and it's a wonderful machine. Does many things easily. Great value. Buy it!

By the way... the word is ADVANCED not ""Advance."" Advance means to go forward... like a group of soldiers marching and advancing up a hill. ;-)"
"I bought this machine as a beginner machine sewer. I wanted to pick up quilting like my grandmother before me. This is one product from amazon that I have gotten the most use out of. I have not changed my needle in almost a year. I have sewn various projects on this, including Quilt tops, hemming slacks and fun, DIY projects for decoration and kids. Threading the machine is incredibly easy. I set this up and was sewing in no time, the last time I touched a machine before this was 9 years ago! It is lightweight, but sturdy. The storage compartment is genius, and all of the tools you will need to start are right there!

I do have problems adjusting the tension and stitch length, depending on the project and especially at the beginning. The quarter inch seam allowance as a measuring tool on the machine is a nice feature, but mine is always somehow inaccurate, as I end up with about a 1/3 inch allowance. I have learned how to eyeball and sew straight with practice.

Overall, this is a great machine to start with.

Pros:
- Easy to start right away
- Comes with accessories
- Storage feature
- Extra stitch selection feature
- Lightweight

Cons:
-Some of the accessories look cheap (But they work well)
- Tension is VERY hard to adjust at the beginning and for decorative quilting
- Quarter inch measurement inaccurate
- Can falter with thicker materials"
Looks like a good machine. Upset because no instructional DVD included. Okay updated this review a few days later. Figured out machine using on-line videos. It is easy and nice. Haven't done a big project but looking forward to sewing with it. I like this better than my much more expensive Janome. Anyone wanna buy a Janome? Ha ha!
This is amazing so beautiful and the price is good
arrived quick and works great
"Had it for 2 years.  It's definitely cheap plastic BUT it works very well, is simple to use (I taught myself to sew on this) and works reasonably well.  I've had to tinker with it once or twice, but that may just be growing pains.  I've been quite happy with it."
nice sewing machine for the price
Great product.
"Hemmed four pairs of jeans, so far so good. Broke a couple of needles."
"Very much smaller than I expected. I was replacing a Brother XL5340 that I had used to death and for some reason anticipated it being close to the same. That is very untrue. Not only is it smaller, but it feels less sturdy and a little more cheaply made. It works okay. There is not really much room under the presser foot to fit any thick materials, so I will probably get another machine for that type of work. For the money, it is okay, but I would probably not have bought it had I seen it in person first."
"I love the machine although I haven't used it A LOT yet.
My only complaint for the 4 is it has no handle, then you have to buy the cover to be able to carry it safely."
Great little sewing machine for basic sewing needs. I bought this for my 8 year old granddaughter and she loves it. She loves the threader feature.
i love it!
"MUCH better than the last cheap brother I got, sews fast!! easy to use, would buy again.."
For the price you can't beat it! I love this sewing machine. It's easy to use and puts up with all of my beginner mistakes.
Great!
great product
"My wife's singer is junk, sew I did some research and bought this one because it has good reviews and I'm glad I did! It worked great on canvas."
Bought as a gift for my daughter. She loves it and uses it all the time ! It is Great for a beginner !
Bought as a gift. She loved it. Great price for a machine for a beginner.
"I returned this machine. I was looking for an inexpensive alternative to using expensive tailoring to hem various pants and my trusty vintage Singer was out of commission. Although I've sewn most of my life, I didn't find this intuitive to use and would get it going and it would jam up again and again. The manual is ridiculously convoluted. English, then Spanish, then a warning over and over again so I found it was impossible to get the information I needed to resolve what seemed to be tension and bobbin issues and returned it. Much too frustrating to keep."
"So, I had never sewn anything before. I got my sewing machine and a few days later I got the rest of the equipment I needed. I watched a YouTube video on how to fill my bobbin and thread this machine. I also watched a small tutorial video on how to sew. I just finished my first project which was some curtains. It did not turn out perfect but I think it was great for my first project. The sewing machine was easy to thread and is easy to use. I highly recommend it for beginners. If you are more advanced than you may want something else but I heard that this works well for most projects. It looks like it should be fine for denim.  I may even try leather on it someday. I expect this sewing machine to last me a long time. Eventually I will upgrade the Brother Embroidery sewing machine. I've heard better things about brother than some because I've heard singer is more prone to problems. I am not super experienced so hey I may be wrong. But I had no issue with my brother yet and my mother had an old singer for years when she replaced it with a newer singer it broke pretty easy. We all have our quirks and I hope that I am a lifelong brother user but could be swayed with the right product and deal."
bought as a gift. heard no complaints. seems to work great
"Just got this last night and I'm in LOVE! I can't believe how easy to use the machine is! It's been 15 years since I've had to buy a new machine, and given the price, I wasn't expecting much. Boy was I wrong! This machine is easy to learn, has so much to offer, and allowed me to unpack, walk thru, thread, and begin using within 15 minutes. I am in love with my new machine!!!"
EXCELENTE!!
"I purchased this Brother XL26001 sewing maching as a gift to my cousin on May 2016. I purchased this item on March 7, 2016. She have been using it everyday since May 2016. So far so good."
Real good machine for the price .
My very first sewing machine. Easy to use. Love it.
works for how much I sew!
I haven't sewn in years because my old Singer (which still works perfectly) that I bought in 1975 was so heavy.  I purchased this machine and yesterday began using it.  It is easy to carry and is super easy to use.  Winding the bobbin and threading the needle are effortless.  I couldn't be happier.
"This machine is awesome.  It was cheap, it has all sorts of features, I am very impressed with it's performance."
Great purchase. Excellent buy.
"I knew nothing about sewing when I purchased this sewing machine. It took me the better part of an afternoon to learn all the controls, how to wind the bobbin, how to feed the machine, how to thread the needle but I eventually mastered all of the above. I then proceeded to practice on some scrap material. I must say that I am truly amazed at the types of stitching I can now perform, including buttons and button holes. I love this thing. It is well made and [mostly] idiot[me] proof. I love this thing...Oh, I already said that! :)"
Great machine for a beginner like me. Ready to learn and I was sewing in no time.
I love my new Brother sewing machine.  I bought it especially for quilting and it is a happy machine.  She sings right along the fabric.
Garbage
"I will update this review once I use the machine, but just wanted to share my disappointment over a minor issue that I wish others had warned of in their reviews (I can see the issue in a few customer pics). I just unwrapped the machine. Apparently there is a thin plastic film covering the areas where pictures and text are printed. When I pulled the blue tape off the pattern selection dial, it stretched out some of the plastic film covering the dial label. This also happened to a lesser degree above the dial below the logo. I am unable to smooth it back down. As someone who tries to take excellent care of their belongings, I am disappointed. Tiny detail in the grand scheme, but I am a details person. Brother, please use better tape in your packaging, or position it so that it doesn't rest directly on the film. Or simply warn users to remove it very, very slowly.

**UPDATED 11/3/2016**

Overall, I like this machine. It's the first machine I've used in almost 20 years. I'm an occasional light sewer, so it's great for my needs. Instructions can be a little unclear in spots, but I've figured it out each time. Good tools included. My only qualm thus far is that the upper thread gets a bit tight at times due to the threading mechanisms and puckers the stitches a bit. Hoping it'll loosen up with use."
"First one didn't work, but as usual amazon made it right quickly and efficiently. Once we got the new one we had it set up and stitching in no time. Easy to use and does everything most people would ever need. Great to have for fixing things or making costumes."
"For the price it's an okay sewing machine. I guess I shouldn't have expected better, but I'm guessing all these reviews saying ""it's the best!!"" haven't actually done much sewing... Or at least not on a good machine.

Like I said, okay for the price but I would recommend saving up and getting something better."
"I bought it so that I could use it for making cosplay's and patching up current clothes and its great! easy to use, I had never used a sewing machine before, so I just youtube'd some ""how to"" videos and taught myself, it was REALLY easy! I've already made a pretty dope cape with it and I have little to no experience with a sewing machine. I highly recommend this to anyone who sews!"
"great machine for craft sewers
easy to set up and run
light weight but sturdy
i like it a lot"
Bought for kids to work with. Works well and is cheap enough to not waste too much money should they end up not being too interested in sewing.
"Never used a sewing machine before, picked this up and watched a YouTube tutorial on how to thread it, and I've been having so much fun altering old clothes that didn't fit right. I had jeans that were too baggy, and it had no problem with the included needle going over any of the thicker hems towards the bottom of the pants that I had to do in order to slim them down. I have yet to need to replace any moving parts on this, and it's been working great since I bought it."
"I finally was able to use this machine! For someone with no experience, this product was easy to maneuver. Manual was very helpful - illustrations and wording. I was able to alter (blind hem) all of my pants. By doing so, I've saved money for alterations which already is more than the cost of the sewing machine itself. I've tried several types of stitches and have experimented with lengths and tension. I had several problems with the bobbin misbehaving. I still not know what i did wrong but I re-wound it, re-installed it, and re-threaded and voila - it worked again! On to my first quilt!"
Works great!
"Wife loves it.
It's easy to setup and use."
It is the perfect sewing machine for quick jobs. My 13 year old daughter was able to make covers for giant floor pillows and hem some drapes for me.
Great machine if you're beginning to learn how to sew regardless of age. Very easy to use and comes with understandable instructions. Minimal set up required.
This is my first sewing machine and it's so easy to step up and use. I love it!
I am a beginner and this machine is very easy to use.
Threading of this machine is very easy I have enjoyed using this as beginner
Just as described and works perfectly!
"SOLID & SIMPLE, Great Value .. suggestion GET THE CASE"
"I bought this as a gift, and when it was opened everything looked great. I should have bought the protection plan because the first time it was used we discovered it had a problem. Of course the return policy had expired by 11 days so I was out of luck. At least Brother does provide a warranty, but now I have to either drive about 2 hours away or pack it up and hope it can be fixed."
I bought this for my girlfriend and she loves it.  She has used it many times and she has not had a good one in a long time.  She's a happy woman!
You get what you pay for I guess
great starter sewing machine
Excellent machine and it worked well and did a great job of sewing.  Very good and the price was excellent also.  Recommend this machine to all who want a good and inexpensive machine that works well.
"Use this to this day.  I've sewed fleece, denim and much more. I LOVE this machine.  It's not failed me yet."
"i like the machine alright, but it definitely isn't a heavy duty machine, have trouble on bulky areas."
"This is a great starter machine you should read the manual first though because it has a lot of features, I would give it a five but I can't figure out all the stitch patterns and the manual it's very clear on that"
Awesome little machine. Perfect for beginners.
"Used it a few times so far, and loved it! Even though I've never used a sewing machine before, but I managed to figure out how use it and enjoyed the experience. Now I just need to polish my skills:))) the machine is great!"
"It is great for people who have limitted eye & hand usage, especially as we grow older."
Wife says it works great.
Works great. I am new at sewing and this is simple for me to use
This is my first sewing machine and I've found its very easy to use. I love it!
"This sewing machine is such a great deal.  It is a high quality machine at a very reasonable price.  I am only a beginner when it comes to sewing.  However, this machine makes me want to see more and become more advanced."
"This is a great starter sewing machine with tons of stitches and added options. It is perfect for someone who is a beginner in the world of sewing. Really excellent pricing for what you get! If you purchase it, you won't be disappointed!"
It's perfect for someone starting out!
"Happy with my new sewing machine. I have never been
much of a sewer and my skills are limited, but it is very easy to use and it is perfect for repair needs. Great value"
Excelente
its good and working well
"my mother bought this and loves it, only concern we have is that on 2 diff times the machine pulled fabric down into the area the needle pushes"
It's the best.  Easy to use and was able to get up and running without any trouble.
Good
Great sewing machine for the price.  Does everything we need it to do and is perfect for anyone wanting to learn.
"Great sewing machine for beginners.
I've never sewn on a machine before (always hand-sewn everything) and this machine was easy to learn on.

Great value for the price."
"Mine was broken out of the box. It would sew the standard straight stitch fine, but switching between stitches would not engage. The knob turned fine, but would not change the stitch.

Unfortunately, my experience with the Singer 4411 wasn't much better. That one is currently being repaired under warranty after only a month of use."
"no problems until now, a bit difficult at the beginning but one's you read everything is a peace of cake. .
very handy and you can used almost any where ."
Definitely what I needed
"hey, you may think the 86 dollar tag I got mine for is cheap -- but I made 2 large quilts with it, and no problems what so ever ----- and that is like several miles of thread going through this little machine --- I really love mine ---- like any sewing machine, it could use a wider throat, but hey, I originally got it to hemp up my pant legs, cause I'm a bachelor ---- then I made some quilts for my lady friends --- they love them, they love me, I love my brother"
"This sewing machine looks very nice, sewing works smooth on light weight fabrics. When sewing on three layers of denim it became sluggish and eventually stuck. This was done on a size 18 needle.
Another problem with the light. The light bulb gets very hot soon after sewing starts. The light can't be turned off during sewing. Light turned on when power on the machine. Suggest a separate switch for the light."
I was so very happy that it's so easy to sew with !!!!  Thank you emily
Very good and sturdy. I'm not in the field and just decided to buy it because my old one (which cost me $20) broke after 1 year so I figured I better spend a little bit more money for a better and more reliable machine. I use it for minor chores and I'm pretty happy with all the possibilities it offers me if I decide to learn how to use them. :)...
I got it and it was broken
"Bought this machine to have at the summer cottage. This is a great machine. Did a lot of sewing with it this summer. My only negative comment would be that the presser foot pressure cannot be adjusted. Sewed heavy drapery material with it. Handled it with ease. Easy to thread and love the needle threader! I need a magnifying lens to thread my 1970's Kenmore (but another great machine). Very pleased with this little, light weight sewing machine at a great price."
"Great for beginners, came in fast and secure."
Excellent sewing machine! Simple and easy to use! I love it! My  14 years old daughter learned fast to use it; and she didn't had any previous experience in sewing!
My wife was very pleased with her new Brother sewing machine it's many feature and reasonable price. She commented on it's ease of use and that it's lightweight enough for her to tote around.
"I always have odds-and-ins jobs that I need to do around the house. Granted, I got this to play with Halloween costumes and decorations :)

Pros:
- It has various patterns it can stitch. Way more than a beginner like me needs.
- Foot pedal is a variable speed adjuster so you can sew slow or fast if you want.
- Everything I've sewed has been stitched consistently. No missed stitches yet!
- Reverse button works great for backing up your stitching.
- Smaller form factor than older machines, so it doesn't take up a ton of room.

Cons:
- I seem to have to struggle every time I turn it on to re-learn how to thread it, but that is me not being familiar with sewing machines in general. Once I read the instructions, it is extremely easy again. I just don't use it enough to remember these things!

Overall, I'm completely satisfied with this sewing machine. It does great work for the little jobs I need to do."
Excellent.
My wife can't get enough of this machine. She loves it and uses it almost every day.
so nice to work with a machine at this price point that works so well! I truely love it!
Too  hard to thread.
"I had a few issues with bobbin thread looping, but it was solved with patience, the user's manual and a few YouTube videos. If you are struggling with it, close your eyes, take a deep breath, walk away and do some Googling and YouTube watching and you will get it.

Overall, this is an excellent machine for a beginner. I went from knowing almost nothing to having a few simple finished projects in about two weeks."
Everything I need.
"I've only used it a little bit, bought it to hem pants. I'm a novice at sewing with a machine, so the instructions are a little hard to follow, but watching some you tube videos I was able to hem my work pants as I wanted to. Seems to work well and is well made, and can't beat the price.  I am giving it 4 stars only because the instruction book is confusing, especially if you have never used a sewing machine before."
Good price and stitches well.  Has a nice compartment for storage.
Yes it did. I love it.thanks. soon I am going to buy the cover
"Great sewing machine! I bought this for my 9 1/2 yr old and it is easy for her to use. I had to help her thread it and show her how to use it the first time, but she can do it on her own now."
"So i love this machine but here's the thing the thread keeps breaking no matter what i do!!!! And its very frustrating because i read the manual and i have tried adjusting the tension and thread width and changed the thread and nothing....
I love this because it is easy to use and it works great for a beginner or seasoned person but the only problem is the thread keeps breaking.
Im watching alot of videos to see if something helps. I hope this was helpful."
Love this machine.  Does everything you need it to and more.  Very simple to use for a first time sewer.
"Great machine for a beginner like me. It was easy to setup. I was intimidated at first but the instructions made it quite simple to learn. It's great for repairs, patches, or any other project you might need to complete. Make sure to use appropriately sized needles for your project."
Was perfect six big
I needed a sewing machine to do simple things with a few types of stitches.  This was it!  Only complaint is I wish there was a manual on how to thread it.  I had to look up  YouTube video to find out how.
I am a beginner sewer and trying to teach myself how to sew. This sewing machine had helped a lot it has made it easy to work with.
As a beginner in the world of sewing this machine is really nice. It was a good price. I don't think the instructions on how to use it were very helpful but with some YouTube tutorials I figured it out. I wish that the reverse stitching was a little bit easier to use because guiding the fabric and holding in the lever is a little awkward.
Affordable and workable
I absolutely love the ease of setup! This is a perfect day-to-day machine with a few special touches.
Good little machine for smaller work loads.
See the review for the carrying case.
"Powerful! Began sewing on this machine by making a sequined skirt. The internet said to hand stitch it, but I'm a rebel. The machine has handled the sequin challenge well. Great, so far."
Sweet little sewing machine.  I needed a self threading device because I couldn't see well enough with my 50 year old Kenmore.  I think I'm gonna like this phone a lot!
"This is my third sewing machine. Inexpensive, easy to use and high quality. I am so happy about this purchase. Especially the needle threader helps me as my near vision has weakened a little bit. I like the literal interpretation of a saying ""A stich in time saves nine.""  Because I mend my favorite aprons and other clothing quickly as soon as a thread starts falling, usually my clothing last more than a decade. Because I do some alteration as I like, I can enjoy clothing and many other little things even more. With this sewing machine, such mending and alteration become easier and quicker. We tend to think that a sewing machine costs nearly $300. But the price of this product is surprising. Of course we don't want just a cheap one. Product capability is important. This machine is high quality and inexpensive."
"This machine worked well, is light weight and had no excessive vibration. It is very easy to thread. I ran it hard for several hours at a time, as I was making applique quilts. Nothing computerized to break. A very nice machine for the price. I was happy with the purchase."
"Great machine wife
loves it"
GOOD PRODUCT ESPECIALLY FOR A BEGINNER.
be careful
The very basic purpose of the sewing machine is to stich clothes and I have been having trouble with that right from the very first day. I tried all the manual tips on how to use bobbin and the higher numbers etc etc. but not able to use it for the very basic use. No matter how many different designs they claim it can do for you. Waste purchase!
"For the price, I can't believe what a wonderful little machine this is.  It more than passes my expectations.  I LOVE the Brother machine.  I am thinking about getting one for my little Grand Daughter.  She wants to learn how to sew and I think this has enough of all of the little extras, to get her going.  Thank you"
"I bought this machine on August 3rd and it arrived on August 5th.  The machine was bigger and heavier than I expected.  When i first started using it, I though it was excellent and was ready to give it a 5 star review.  However, I decided to wait a while and see how it performed over time.  It was a bit confusing to use at first only because it had so many different stitching choices depending on the fabric.  The manual was very excellent in helping me know what the different stitches and accessories were for.  Here are a list of the problems I encountered:
1. I was sewing a cotton t-shirt and no matter what tension i put the machine to, the thread would always end up ripping every time I tried to stretch it out.
2. The bobbin always jammed.
3. The thread underneath the fabric always bunched up and caused holes in my clothes.
4. The feed dogs ""ate"" my clothes very often
5. No matter how slow I go on the machine, the needles keep breaking.  I'm down to only one replacement needle. Also, I've never sewn through tough fabric like denim so I don't think that is a reason why it broke.
6. This machine gets very hot because of the bulb and starts to smell like gas; even though I don't sew for that long and I always turn it off after I'm done.

All in all, I would say this machine is good overall, but i can't think of any pros at the moment.  I'll update when I find solutions to these problems

Update 8/8/16 7:08

As I was getting ready to sew and plugged in my machine, the foot pedal would not work.  I am getting ready to return this item."
This is a good little starter machine for someone who is just learning to sew. It works great but does not have a lot of extras. Great buy for the price!
Easy to use for beginner. I like it. I only make baby blankets and easy craft projects but it does the job ok.
My wife loves it so far. A lot more features than you would expect for this price
Value for money !! excellent Product !!
"I wanted to learn to sew things for myself, and this seems to be a good one for this. Lots of you tube help available for Brother machines."
"So handy for the little sewing I do. I've made summer pants with deep pockets for my gardening tools, seed envelops, when  collecting flower  Really, so happy! Light weight, smooth, easy to use right out of the box. Since my original post, I have made two truck loads of cage pads for the Humane Society cat cages. Some pad are quite bulky. With previous sewing machines I would be breaking needles, but, with this Machine, I have only broke one needle (my fault)  I am so impressed with this machine! This suits my needs at a price I can afford"
Mom loves it!!!
"This is not a sewing machine, I cant even find who to contact!!!!"
This machine is absolutely fantastic.  It is as described and works great.  It's big and does everything you expect from a sewing machine.  It's neatly packed and the instructions for threading look difficult but are very simple.  I would definitely recommend this sewing machine for any beginner or advanced sewer.
Excelente!
"I love this sewing machine! I am a newcomer to sewing with a machine and this was very easy to use. I haven't tried out any other stitches beyond the basics, but like that it has those options when I get to that point. It's very lightweight and easy to carry around, had no problem taking it to a few sewing classes. Only downside is that the cord for the pedal is not very long, and I have to put the sewing machine pretty close to the edge of my desk in order to get it to where I need it to be. I am 5' 9"", and have it very close to the chair while I'm sewing. It is also a teeny bit noisy in comparison to some machines I've seen, but overall a great user-friendly machine!"
"I have had nothing but trouble with this machine--especially with the tension and putting in a zipper.  Now, too, there is something wrong with the presser foot lever.  I am so unhappy and disappointed. I am going to try again tomorrow and if no luck, I will be returning this machine.
I am having my old Singer worked on as I write this.  It is going to cost me more to have my old machine worked on than this one cost.  If I have a functional machine, it will be worth it."
"Bought this to be a second machine that my granddaughter could use when  visiting.  I was so impressed when it arrived.  For the price, I didn't expect much but whoa!  This is a very handy all around sewing machine.  I've been using it set up for second color of thread in my sewing.  It is engineered to be quite simple to sew on with a drop-in bobbin and everything.  My 4 year old granddaughter is learning to sew without frustration,"
"Purchased this for general household sewing, such as shortening garments, and general repairs of same.  So far, so good."
Bought this sewing machine along with a Brothers sewing machine carrying case will return both. Lots of plastic which I was afraid would break very easily or not last. I opted to return both and replace with higher end but more expensive products which I believe will last longer in my household. I even bought a sewing tools kit to go along with the machine but the spools were not compatible with the sewing machine
difficult to thread
"Excellent value...I saw the same one on QVC for 149.95...the only difference is theirs has 26 stitches and this one 25.
That's not a big deal. I saved about $80 dollars...Made 2 skirts the day it came!
Oh...this is also my FIRST BROTHER SEWING MACHINE!"
It works great
It didn't take me that long to figure out how it works. This is amazing
"Honestly I hate it. I don't know if mine is defective or what but it doesn't work at all. Every time I reverse stitch it sucks in my fabric and ruins it. Yes I know how to sew and I haven't had this problem on any other machine.
Update: I've done everything in my power to like this machine. I have an online store and I sell baby clothing and I haven't been able to make any of my orders because of this pos machine. Fabric got sucked in the machine and won't come out. I've never had luck contacting the company but if they see this I hope they contact me. I'm so mad I purchased this."
"Great for a beginner! This is my first machine, i have had it for 3 months now. Down fall is the platic layer over some of the labeling was bubbled up.  I kept the machine anyways. Its easy to use, i looked up YouTube videos and has been very successful!"
"I've had this machine for a few years now. It has proven itself to be a reliable machine. I am not an experienced sewer but it is a pretty straightforward, beginner friendly machine. I recommend for anyone wanting to learn to sew!"
Gift for my sister!  She loves it!
It was exactly what I thought it would be and has held up to light use and moving for a few years.
The second row of stitches does not work.  Maybe my model is defective.
"I have loved my brother sewing machine! I'm a beginner sewer and have done a few projects on this with ease! Set up was very easy and I have not had any problems figuring out what this machine can do. I previously had a different brand sewing machine that was much harder to figure out and simply sat and collected dust. However, this Brother machine works great for a beginner with a lot of bonus stitches and settings!"
"I bought this for my mom who has used sewing machines for over 50 years (commercial grade and for personal use). Of course a lot has changed throughout the years and she tends to prefers the non-automatic machines. She really liked this, the one thing she hasn't been able to figure out is the zigzag. She said she's never read the manuals of any machines and even by reading this one she couldn't figure it out :) but overall she's very happy with it"
"I received this product damaged. The tape on the dial damaged the plastic lining below. I cannot yet speak to the quality of the device itself, as we are returning it to get a new one that is hopefully not damaged."
"I don't have any experience in sewing, but I want to learn.  I purchased this because according to the reviews, it is easy to use.  The machine is so easy to use that I was able to thread it the very first time without reading the entire manual.  It is a great little starter sewing machine.  I am excited to take classes that will show me the basics.  I love my machine!"
Love my machine!!!!
works well
Got this for my lm for her birthday. She uses all the time. She's not great as sewing so this perfect for her. She's been able to repair everything she tries to repair.
"My wife uses this product. She says it's easy to use and easy to thread. Works well with most fabrics.
What she does not like is the button setting does not work and the bobbin pin gets knotted all the time even if it's threaded correctly.
But for the price it works pretty well, she would recommend it for starters or if you don't have to much money to spend on one."
"OMG I had my doubts from reading the Fast Start Guide, about how it could set up so easily, thread the needle and draw up the bobbin thread so easily, and I just followed the diagrams not really understanding what each step was doing, but then, BAM!  Everything was complete and the machine was ready to go!!  I knew it was a good machine when I stepped on the pedal to wind the bobbin; the machine started slowly and purred.  I don't sew much, but when i hem pants or take in a blouse, it will be soo nice to have a great machine.  It comes with three, I think, extra bobbins."
"Simple, well built, was up and running with it in about 10 minutes with no prior sewing experience.  Foot pedal is nice and easy, starts up slow."
"I replaced my Kenmore sewing machine after 19 years. I am happy that I did. Even though it does not work great when sewing ""thick"" fabric like l flannel duvet cover, it works great on other fabric. The needle-threading device really works as stated in a previous review:)."
Exactly what I needed for the price
"This machine is ridiculously difficult to get the thread tension adjusted and the bobbin just right.  My thread is all tangled and I have barely been able to sew with it.  I have been sewing since I was 8 and have used 5-6 different machines, all with success.  Not this machine though."
"It doesn't have all the bells or whistles of some machines on the market but if you are looking for a basic machine, you have found it. I am I sing it to mostly sew pillows, curtains and other decorator basics. If you are looking to make clothing or quilts, you might want something more robust with electronic options."
Awesome machin
Definitely recommend. Great quality for a really great price. Not really for beginners but easy to use/ understand.
This affordable machine lived up to expectation.  I wanted a machine that would be able to manage my home projects with the ability to sew all kinds of fabric in addition to easy button holes and it lived up to expectations.  I especially love the needle threading feature.
"Very good machine, good quality, has a lot of options for begginers and advanced users alike"
Very easy to use
Really easy to use for a beginning sewer!
Fast delivery and looks exactly like the picture. Bought this as a gift for my mom and she loves it.
Great for the money
"I love this machine! As a newbie to sewing machines, this is a perfect option. It is easy to use with just enough features to do what I need. I have already used it dozens of times, and it works perfectly. The handle also makes it extremely easy to move around."
"The last time I used a sewing machine was about 20 years ago, when I was seven, so I was looking for just a basic machine I could learn on.
Having very little experience I found it difficult to follow the paper picture directions, but in the end I figured it out and sewing a few minutes later.
The needle threads very easily which is a great bonus.  It would even be easy if the user did not have very good eyesight.
The light bulb that turns on over the needle is fine, but it does get hot after a little while of use.
Overall the value of this machine is great!  There is a reason why it is one of the most often purchased machines on amazon!"
"Love my new sewing machine! I would definitely recommend this for new/beginning sewers. I am definitely NOT an experienced sewer and I got this machine to learn on! Without any prior experience with sewing machines, it was fairly easy for me to assemble and figure out how to thread using the instructions provided. It has plenty of different thread options to practice with also! I think this would be perfect for a new or even an advanced sewer and the price is cheaper than the one at wal mart that I was considering that had less thread options!"
Easy to use and works well.
"I can't sew but I've always thought it would be an incredibly handle skill. Decided to change that and hopefully find a machine I wouldn't break...this fits the bill. I was able to sew a skirt (maybe not the best skirt but it fits...and has pockets) with a little help. The machine is very easy to use and has great directions that are easy to follow, even for a noob like me. I'm looking forward to hopefully doing more projects and maybe one day, making stuff that I'd wear in public.

The bobbin thing is easy to set up as is threading the needle. Buttons and dials are all easy to use and pretty intuitive. Extremely happy with purchase!"
Great machine for beginners such as myself. I actually completed my first project on it. 
"Bought this for a friend who gave the five star rating. It was described as ""a beast"" that ""got the job done."" The included instructions were clear and concise."
My daughter loves this machine. Very easy to use. I would have given it 5 stars ... But can't figure out for the life of me how to use the needle threader.  :-(
"I am loving it so far! Great beginners sewing machine, and it's pretty quiet. I'm surprised at how smooth it runs, almost like butter."
Works as it should.  Good price.
Is a great handy sew machine my wife loves it!
"Love it, love it, love it!"
My sister is part of a fashion class so she spends a lot of time making clothing. We needed a sewing machine that didn't break the bank. This one was definitely the right one. Very pleased with this machine and so is my sister.
Very nice!
Do not waste your money on this product. It can not do the basic job properly. I had to give it away.
"I have never used a sewing machine before. I can barely hand sew to fix a ripped pair of pants. Yes, I am a clumsy bachelor. This machine is a God-send! Incredibly easy to use. Instructions that a child could follow, and results that are amazing!  I have on;y one negative to report and that;s the automatic needle threader. It took me an hour to figure it out, but once I got, it works like a charm. I attribute that to my own thick headedness, not so much the machine. Definately reccomend this one to anyone looking for an economical first sewing machine.."
"This sewing machine is awesome! It's my very first sewing machine and it's super easy to use. Make sure you read the directions too. I'm noticing a lot of the complaints about this machine on Amazon are from people who've just been using the machine wrong... I think my only complaint about this machine is how you don't have the option to turn on the machine without the light (when the machine is on, the light is on. when the machine is off, the light is off). Sometimes when I'm sewing I like to make little adjustments as I go, so I end up leaving my machine on for a while and the light runs a bit hot. Other than that it's great! Loving all the features and it comes with all the basic sewing feet that you'll need for small projects!"
"Not bad for a ""first"" machine. My last first machine was so hard to set up that I never used it and ended up selling it out of frustration"
It does the work!
It's not durable
Fine
"We bought this for my 12 year old daughter, who wants to be a fashion designer.  It's been great so far.  Easy to use, a great beginning machine."
"I bought this as a gift for my daughter and plan on buying another one for myself.  An amazing deal for the price - I was raised with another major brand, but am now a die-hard fan of Brother products.  A great basic machine - sturdy and with enough special stitches that it would be usable on almost any sewing project.  The price makes it practical for beginning sewers as well as long-time sewers.  I can see why it's a top seller here on Amazon."
"I love this machine!

Background: I'm a crafter and a hand-sewer with embroidery and cross-stitch, but I haven't sewn on a machine since I was 14; my mom tried to teach me and I advanced through things like cuffs, pleats, zippers, and buttonholes, but I always had difficulty with the thread tangling. I hated machine sewing so much that I wouldn't even consider trying it again for 20 years.

I bought this on a whim because of the reasonable price and mostly good reviews. I want to make some sleep masks and dogswear to add diversity to jewelry that I sell, and I figured that if this machine was all that I remembered hating before, it would be no great financial loss. I set it up and sewed my first project yesterday and it was a DREAM.

The instructions are easy to follow (although I'm also puzzled as to why the Spanish-language instructions follow each English-language paragraph) and the machine even has numbers for help with threading. I wound a bobbin first and then threaded the machine (I threaded it by hand as I was too eager to try to figure out the self-threader). Everything looked right, but the real test came when I ran a piece of scrap fabric through. And it worked! Nothing tangled! I finished two sleep masks easily.

SBP's instructions on loading the bobbin are invaluable. This is a great little machine for a great little price!"
"Great for 8yr old learning to sew! Her sewing instructor uses this exact model. I've actually used it when I didn't want to bring mine out, it is so easy to use."
"Pros: Light weight
Cons: No basting stitch; auto needle threader is hard to access and use; instructions are confusing and limited;"
"Awesome little machine!  Great price and quality.  My old machine died and I was surprised to find this machine under $100.  I took a chance & was sure glad I did.  This machine has been so easy to use.  It is very easy to thread and has the threading steps listed on the front of the machine.  (It was actually so easy to use that I didn't even have to use the manual.)  The bobbin winder works very well and is also straight forward to use with the steps printed right on the machine.  I didn't think the automatic needle threader would be necessary but I sure have loved using it.  Also, the bobbin set up is very easy and quick.  You just remove the plate, drop in the bobbin, pull the thread to the left and that's pretty much it.  I've sewn all kinds of fabric without any problem.  I've even sewn pretty thick paper books together on this and it hasn't had any problems.  Since it was so cheap, I haven't worried about letting my 8 year old learn how to sew on it and he was able to sew an entire project by himself!  He was proud that he didn't have to ask for help.  I highly recommend this sewing machine to all levels of crafters!  Oh, the only thing that would have been nice was some sort of case but actually I'd rather have the good price than the case."
"I'm a beginner at sewing and this little machine is great first sewing machine. I used a YouTube video to show me how to use it and was able to learn how to sew quite quickly.
One of my main concerns was how well I would be able to control the speed of this machine with the pedal. To my surprise it wasn't very hard. It took a little time to get adjusted to, but once I had it down I felt totally in control.
The automatic button hole is only of my favorite aspects of this machine. It's incredibly easy and never knew this function would exist on a machine at this price.
The size is also ideal. It doesn't take much room and it is light enough to carry around (I bring this machine up and down the stairs a lot).
I haven't sewn any with any jeans material yet, but I am pretty confident it will be able to. I have sewn through some thicker material that has been layered a few times with no issues.
My only real complaint is that in the instructions it wasn't quite clear to me what all the numbers on the knobs meant. Luckily I was able to ask someone with more experience to explain what they meant.
I have done quite a few  projects with this and personally I don't think I'll ever need to upgrade my sewing machine from this one. With that being said, I also do not intend on ever doing any complicated projects.

If you have any questions about this product, feel free to ask me as I personally rely heavily on other peoples reviews for my Amazon purchases."
"I like this machine a lot. I was very easy to start using it. I also liked how much protection the packaging offered.
I want to take this with me oversees, so I was pleased with how light weight it is. The only thing I would recommend is placing it on a steady table or surface. I placed it in a little portable computer table and it shakes a lot.
The thread cutter is also a nice little feature.
The manual is very helpful. Easy to learn for  a beginner like myself."
Ok this little work horse has made everything from grandkids dresses to drapes and it gets the job done. I had a hard time finally getting the stitch and tension controls to a really pretty stitch on both sides of fabric. But set the stitch and tension both on 2 and that seems to do the trick. Zigzag is really nice and so is surging. Not big on the other stitches.
"Just got it today and so far I already made three projects (for my Guinea pigs). It's really nice and shipped extremely quick! The only complaint I have is threading the bobbin, but that's more of getting used to how this machine does it than the last one I had (a Singer Touch & Sew from the 1970's). Still, it works really well! Gets the job done."
Nothing
This sewing machine is so easy to use. It has a nice quite motor. I am pleased with it.
Worth to purchase it.
"this is great , arrived fast ...everything i needed included and now i can sew ."
Easy to work and travels light.  This machine provides every stitch you will until you see like the pros.
Works perfectly for everything I need so far. Both my mom and my sister have one and they both love them.
"I have already used it, perfect I love it"
"Neglect of functional design in this machine is beyond appalling. It is virtually impossible to get it threaded as the crucial thread take-up arm as it does not extend beyond the 1/3"" slot that shelters it. My bobbin housing bears no resemblance to what is specified in the instruction and upon arrival was neatly arranged so the needle would strike it. The so-called automatic needle threader is so poorly designed as to be non-functional. Once I applied my magnifying glass to the instruction book I was able to re-install the bobbin housing in absolutely correct fashion; result, disaster! The whole design is so poor one cannot get a decent stitch out of it. And I worked with old Singers for years, including repairing them. Alas due to illness I was too late in finally trying to take this machine for a run that it is beyond return. I have wasted four hours of my life on this piece of wannabe garbage."
Love it.
Absolutely irritated. I bought this product in order to make thing for my boys' birthdays. Upon receiving it I went through the guides and instructions and when I went to thread the machine I found the foot pedal would not work.
"First, I am way past middle age and never sewed anything nor have I watched someone use a sewing machine before.  Never took home economics in school, and regretting it.  So had no idea what to buy.  Finally decided I needed one and thought couldn't go too wrong for the price.  This little gem, was perfect!  At first I was intimidated, but once found 'how to' videos online, it was a cinch!  This is so nice and can't believe the price!"
Good
I bought this for my mother in law for her birthday. As luck would have it; it was a gift for me of sorts as well. She taught me how to see basic patterns on this machine a couple I was pleasantly shocked to find out with time and patience I could sew. My mother in law is. A seamstress--she loves it. I have no experience and am a novice--I love it. I highly recommend it!
I am only going to give this machine four instead of five stars because it is slow compared to my last machine. However..slow it may be but ut goes through four layers of hean material without skipping a beat and the bobbin area being drop in is so much easier with no aligning like with the other models. Love this machine!!
Not sure how to use it yet but great price. Love the drop in bobbin feature.
"I hate this thing. I didn't buy it from Amazon, but from somewhere else and it has given me nothing but headaches. The stitch length will not change no matter what setting it is on. If anyone has a solution to this please let me know!"
Didnt like it cause the fabric kept getting stuck and it broke down on me for the first couple of weeks i wouldnt suggest this.
"Works great, not too loud. The only problem I have is that the string keeps nesting but that is most likely a mistake on my part and being a novice seamstress."
Good
This was a gift for someone. It arrived on time and was well packaged. They loved it and therefore so do I.
Very happy with this product.
Awesome products from a great vender! No complaints!
"I bought this for my wife and it is really Nice sewing machine with many stitching options. My wife is feeling very happy with this machine and very comfirtable to use any time. Thanks ""brother"" sewing machine."
"I used this sewing machine for about a year as a beginner machine. I bought it while on sale for like 75$ or something like that. It was a great machine to learn on! I have since bought a better machine, but this one was definitely great to work on for a while."
"Lovely machine.  Have not made any project yet, but looking forward to doing something.  All I expected, very satisfied. NJB"
"This a great little machine. Light weight so I can easily take it in our RV. Once I unpacked it I tried all the stitches and everything worked in true Brother fashion. It's a little louder than my computerized machines, but not too. I took it on a trip recently and really put it through it's paces, and I've come to believe that it is a little workhorse. I always take the instruction book with me, but once I get to know it we will become fast friends."
"Very nice machine! Runs smooth, stitches are even, everything is easy to reach, easy to thread."
It is super user friendly and great for the novice.
"I've had more expensive machines that weren't this easy.  I've been sewing for 30 years, just pillows, curtains, mending clothes.  I bought this machine from the reviews.  I am so impressed with this machine.  It's smooth, easy and very lightweight.  It sews wonderfully.  I am in love with this.  It makes sewing so easy for me.  I can carry it easily.  Bobbin winding is simple and smooth.  Tension isn't tough to figure out or adjust.  I haven't found one this wrong with this yet and I've sewed 6 pillows, 3 window treatments and mended several items of clothes so far."
Easy to use and such a great machine for beginners and experienced sewers. Usr it all the time!
Worked fine right out of the box. No problems setting up or operating
"Thank god for the manual. I had never sewn before, and this was a great beginners machine. I've made a few dresses and pants."
AWESOME machine. Very durable. No problems at All! Just love the features!!! Thanks!
Bought as a gift for my daughter. She so far loves it.
This is much easier to use than my previous sewing machine. The self needle threader makes it even easier to use.
"I love this machine. My daughter and I have been talking about getting a sewing machine for some time. I have always wanted to learn to quilt. She wanted to learn to sew. So far things are going great. This machine is very easy to use. If we don't achieve our goals, it won't be the machine's fault.

I suppose if we  were more advanced, we would want a more complicated machine. But this one is perfect for a beginner. I gave it 4 stars because there isn't any possible excuse for the disorganized instruction booklet."
"Great sewing machine, easy to learn how to use"
I love this as my 1st machine. Very easy to spool and needle. So far so good.
"Great machine for a great price. I am a beginner at sewing. This machine is straightforward and easy to use. I've sewn cloth and tarp weight plastic. So far, so good. Couldn't be happier."
"Great starter machine. This has plastic parts so it's not the most ideal for a serious sewer, but a great beginner machine."
Works good for little around the house projects. My wife loves the color and is so glad she got it. Thanks for the great product.
We bought this as a starter machine for our twelve year old daughter. It is a quality machine and strikes a good balance between having a lot of useful features and still being simple to use.
This is the perfect sewing machine for beginners. I chose it for the price but it does a fabulous job. I'm so glad I went with brother. I use this for seeing clothes. It has clear cut instructions on how to set up and use. Not great with super thick fabrics but that was expected.
Gift for wife. It does what she wants and haven't heard any complaining.
"this is a perfect machine for me. . i pushed it to the limit with heavy drapes, it worked well but i had to use a heavy duty needle.. i bought it as a beginner machine. its wonderful.  however the built it storage cant hold anything because its open on one side.. .but i love it"
"The XL2600I sewing machine does many things I frequently want: buttons & holes, zig zac, auto threading, drop in bobbin, 25 types of stitches.

I was frustrated at first, however, by the thread looping problem like many others. SDP's  review: ""YOU HAVE TO HOLD THE BOBBIN SO IT DOESN'T MOVE AND PULL THE THREAD GENTLY TO SEAT IT INTO THE SPRING""  was a life saver. Thank you so so much.

This bit of guidance should definitely be included and highlighted in the manual.

A smaller sewing arm that allows small shirt sleeves to fit, would be greatly appreciated"
"I was looking for a machine that was affordable and not too complicated so I could learn how to use a sewing machine.  This has been so easy to use as someone who's never touched one before.  It has the basic stitches I needed and the decorative ones just made it even more worth the money.  I've already been able to finally add actual pockets to some of my pants (idk why they make fake pockets on pants when they could have just added the actual thing).  The only problems I really ran into were due to just inexperience (and not reading the manual).  I haven't had any problems with tension being too sensitive or not threading correctly, and the automatic needle threader really is so helpful.  If i had to gripe about one thing, it would just be that the manual will go back and forth between english and spanish rather than having them in separate sections, but it did not affect the readability of the manual.  Overall, I think this machine is perfect for those just starting out who want a machine that can provide the basics + more without spending a couple hundred dollars."
"I purchased this for my 10 year old granddaughter who is learning to sew. I sit with her when she uses it, and I am finding this machine to be very easy to use and she loves it!"
Great machine. Perfect price for a higher end beginner machine! It's like the college with all the opportunity of a big school but the close-nit small family feel of a small school. This machine has all the basic stitches you will ever need but won't break the bank! It's small and lightweight with a handle for easy carrying.
Gets jammed easily and hard to read instructions
I bought this machine doe my daughter as her first sewing machine. This I a great beginners machine. Easy to use but still has a lot of stitch options.
Fast shipping at a great price
"I spent a lot of time researching sewing machines and this one had a lot of good reviews, however, after using it for a bit, it's the worst machine I've used. The tension on this machine is hair trigger. It's always off and you have to constantly re-thread it and adjust the settings and hope that works, Im still trying to figure out this latest tension problem. Sometimes I feel like I spend more time trying to fix this problem than I do getting to sew. I dread thread changes. I've used many sewing machines and never had this problem before. I wish I could return it but I waited too long."
sturdy fancy machine at right price.
Great little sewing machine for the price point.  Very smooth stitching and easy to carry from room to room.  I even did some sewing on my patio table.
It is as good as I hoped
"I had NEVER used a sewing machine but needed one as I got into cosplay. Here we are 2 years later and I'm making my own clothing, making costumes for myself and others, and loving this machine all together. One of my prized possessions at this point"
I love this sewing machine! I am a beginner and it was very easy to comprehend how to get started. I can't wait to get more involved in sewing and learn how to use all the stitches and button hole feet.
Great sewing machine for the price.  I have sewn several projects and the machine worked beautifully.
It is awesome!!!! I wish I had gotten it sooner.  It is easy to use once you read through all the directions and practice once or twice.  you will become addicted to sewing. :)
Good price and it works well. Small enough for a small place
"I really like this machine, very lightweight and easy to thread.  My main reason for buying it is to do some minor alterations like taking up a pair of jeans, and it's so easy on this Brother machine.  Easy to follow instructions included too.  Great little machine."
Love love love this! Such a good deal. NOTE: not all  universal bobbins work in this. Its rather picky. Make sure to get the right ones or everything will be off. After i figured that out it sews like a dream!
"My first sewing machine, I begin immediately and had very few issues. This is an amazing little machine and I would have been happy even if I had paid more."
This is the perfect machine for a beginner ( me )-- it has everything I need and is easy to use. Amazing price too!
"Good for a starter machine and since I never sewed before, I guess it was perfect? I recently fixed a garment on my friends computerized Brother model and instantly, I realized how crappy my machine was...lol. The computerized model is only about 40$ more; if only I knew what I know now....life"
"I love my machine and am getting familiar with all the features. What I don't like is the instruction manual has the English and Spanish right next to each other instead of in different sections, it's very distracting. That is my only complain."
This is an awesome beginner machine and it's so inexpensive!!! I've made a few projects on it and haven't had any problems at all
Fabulous price for a great little machine.  Does everything I need it to do & I really like that it is light enough to carry about with ease.
I love this machine so much. I have made all kinds of stuff. It is very easy to use!
"It does not work. This is my first sewing machine.  Took it to a sewing class and was not able to use it.  The timing is off where the bobbin thread is supposed to attached to a hook.  I took it to a repair shop and I got an estimate of $89 to repair. No thanks! The machine cost  $80.  Can't return it because I past the 30 day return policy. So, now it sits here untouched and I sit here frustrated and unmotivated to learn how to sew.  My next step is to fix it myself once this feeling disappointment, anger, sadness subsides.  All I want to do is sew shirts and hem pants! Is that too much to ask! Grrrrrr ugh!"
This is not a light weight machine but heavy duty.... very nice.  Does a good job for the price.
Easy to use and I knew NOTHING about sewing.
"I bought this as it did twin stitching. Since then I have been unable to source the twin offset needle with different length needles this machine uses, either online or in a store. I need to use this needle a lot to do alterations.

SO FOR THIS REASON I GIVE IT A ZERO. IT IS NOT FIT FOR PURPOSE AT ALL!"
"Does everything I need, and then some! I can't wait to try the hem-foot!"
"Bought one for my daughter for Christmas and loved it so much I got myself one 2 months later.
Great machine, so simple to operate, great for a beginner or seasoned sewer."
"Don't be  intimidated, you can learn how to sew and this machine is pretty easy to use. You will have to do a little homework on how to set it up because the directions are kind of hard to understand but there are tons of videos on YouTube that can help you learn how to set up this machine and how to do multiple stitches.  After a little studying and watching people sew online, I was able to set up my machine and hem a pair of pants I have been using hem tape on for the past year.  I will never use hem tape again now that I know how to do a simple stitch. My goal is to learn how to do a blind stitch and to help my wife make curtains for our new baby boy's room. Growing up my mom was always patching mine and my twin brothers pants, so I'm getting ready and learning now so that I can do my sons clothes  when he gets older.  Guys, I'm telling you if I can do it, you can too!"
"This machine does everything I could want: one step buttonhole and automatic needle threader.  I wanted to give it five stars but dropped one because it's still taking me a while to get used to the presser foot lever being to the right of the needle instead of the back, and the fact that you aren't supposed to use an extension cord.  Life goes on so I'll learn to live with it."
"Very easy to use.  This is my first sewing machine, and the first day i was able to use the button attachment."
Fantastic introductory/beginner machine. The only confusion I had was over threading the needle but a short video tutorial on YouTube explained the mechanism well - it was really very easy.
"Great starter sewing machine!! The quick start Guide was perfect, and the manual is easy to go through when trying something new on the machine. Has plenty of settings for small-medium projects.  It has helped a lot with my projects. Machine works very well and seems like it will for a long time."
GREAT
I purchased this a little over a year ago based on the cost and reviews.  I have only used it a few times and yesterday the tension spring on the bobbin popped out.  I called the service center and was told I would have to take the machine to a service center and have it repaired because it was no longer under warranty. I have had sewing machines last 15+ years in the past and can't believe this one.  I called the service center and was told it could cost up to $100 to have it repaired and that is more than the machine is worth.  I am totally disgusted.
"I have been using this machine for about a month now and it has been extremely frustrating to sew even the most basic sewing projects. I consistently have issues with the upper thread tension and as much as I thread and rethread and adjust my tension, stitch length, and ensure that I am using the proper needle for my material, I cannot get the tension to balance out! A project that should take me 30-45 minutes ends up taking me 2-3 hours, because I am constantly having to rip out my stitches and start over and troubleshoot this damn machine! I don't know if my machine is just bunk or if this is a general area of weakness with this particular model, but based on other reviews I've read, it definitely seems to be a common problem. Unfortunately, I paid $80 on this machine and I don't feel as if I should have to pay to take it to a repair shop when I've only had it a month! I wish I would have just sprung for the Singer 6690. :("
"I have not been able to sew my first project because the tension is a mess. I was told at Joann fabric that the tension is set at the factory. A woman at Joann's is going to analyze it for me and if it cannot be reset  I'm stuck,hopefully I can send it back to Amazon if it's not too late ."
"So far so good.  I'm a novice sewer, and this machine was very easy to setup and get started.  I particularly like the large and easy to press backstitch button on the front!  Very convenient to secure seams at the start and finish."
Great beginner machine.
"everything was easy to read, and operate"
"Wanted a sewing machine for ""beginners"" but not something meant for a child.  This had great a great review from a sewing site, so gave it a try.  Compact and lightweight, so easy to move around and store.  Super simple to set up, and great image indicators on the machine itself as reminders for the next time you set up, so you don't have to pull out the manual every time.

I haven't tried to make a 3-piece suit with this, but it's been great for simple hemming jobs that I would have typically taken to the tailor, or for modifying inexpensive items that I otherwise would have ended up donating.

Great machine if you are just starting to sew, and only really plan to do ""normal"" sewing jobs with it."
Great!
"I found this machine to be very hard to use. Maybe it was because I've always used a straightforward sewing machine but I had trouble threading it, and figuring out the instructions. Gave it away."
Thanks!  Great Price for a beginner sewer.
I am very pleased with the Brother sewing machine.  I am an experienced seamstress for over 55 years.  I only have an issue with threading the needle with the needle with the attachment that is supposed to help. The instructions were not explicit enough to understand how to use the attachment. Other than that I am very happy with this sewing machine model XL2600I.
Nice machine for the price
"Good one,as expected."
"I do basic sewing and stitching and this machine works great for what I do! Gteat starter machine, and more!"
"Great for a new user, but the instructions are hard to read. Took me almost 2 hours to figure out how to set it up. If you get this, watch a youtube video on how to set it up. That saved me when I finally gave up on the instructions."
LOVE IT
Absolutely LOVE this machine.
Easy to use.
Bought this for my wife and she loves it! She's new to sewing and has worked well for the projects she has done.
"Great for novice sewers. The tension takes a little getting used to but I was able to make a couple pairs of pajama pants. I also hope to use this for hemming clothes. The threading and bobbin filling is fairly straightforward but when sewing, there is a tendency to tangle if the threads aren't pulled out long enough."
Great for beginner sewers has just enough stitches to make what ever you want. This machine is great for repearing seams and creating new items
Haven't used much.  For mending.  Works well for what I need it for
This is exactly what I was hoping for and more!  Love the needle threader!  Was packed really well and arrived quickly!
It's a very easy to use machine and heavy and sturdy like the old Singer I started on.  Read the manual - you need to understand how to set stitch length. But it does a lot without becoming complex or being computerized.  It's a good value.
"I am a sewing machine non operator.  I read the book, plugged it in and it works.  completed my project and can't wait to sew something else.  I don't know how they made this machine, but I can use it, amazing, I can sew.  thank you sooo much.  Love it.  do you want my sharp sewing machine???  It never worked, never."
Very good machine. Finished our window curtains and saved a lot of money.  The machine is much better than I expected.  Highly recommended.
very smooth
Much more than what I expected!
"There are quite a few problems with this machine that I cannot mention because I have no idea what the parts are called but I will say that things are coming loose. I am completely new to sewing and prior to this have no sewing experience. I still have no idea what a seam is but I am already making things like bibs and nursing pads, pillows and diapers. If you are a beginner like me, you probably will not be making your own clothes for a while and if you do they will probably not look that nice. No offense. But here are some things you can learn to make in a few days or less than a week. 1. A nursing pillow (these go for around 30-40 bucks each) 2. A regular pillow or toddler pillow 3. A pillow cover for your regular pillow 4. A blanket (all you have to do is bind the edges... Not sure If I'm using the correct terms) 5. A custom sized baby bib 6. A table cloth. These are just some of the things I've learned to make in less than a week and already that's over $100 worth of things you can make with this machine. Another thing that's really important is the fabric. You definitely want to avoid anything that is slippery or too thin. I find that that retain their shape or slightly heavier fabrics are easiest to work with. Also watch many youtube videos. They are more helpful than the instructions book. The book is just plain confusing when you don't know what's what."
User friendly sewing machine that's great for beginners.
I haven't experienced the bobbin issues or pedal speed issues some of the other folks here have complained of. If you make sure to get the bobbin set in properly it works great.
Cool.
"I started sewing on my mother's belt-driven White plain vanilla straight stitch machine when I was 10 years old.  I am now 76 and have sewn for over sixty years making garments for the public and now making lampshades.  I have been eyeing this machine for my granddaughter's eleventh birthday this summer.  She adores watching me sew.  When my super-fancy Embroidery/Sewing Computerized machine broke a part last week and was put in the repair shop,  I ordered this machine.  After testing it out, I am amazed and impressed!  This little brother has more built-in stitches and features than some machines I have had over the years at a fraction of the cost.  I was afraid I was going to receive a clickety-clackety stitcher for this price.  I am glad to report that this is a smooth, quiet-sounding machine and a lot easier to use than I thought.  The reverse sew button is large for little fingers to find and located at the right of the machine.  Works great.  Tension, stitches, bobbin winding are all user-friendly.  I am spoiled because of the automatic features on my computerized machine, but I am so happy I ordered this one.  When I turn this one over to my granddaughter, I think I will order another one as a back-up machine."
"Great machine, easy to use, good price and perfect for a small space."
I am glad I ordered this sewing machine.  It works very nicely.  I would recommend this to anyone.
It works good so far. Haven`t had any problems.
Been waiting for a long time for a sewing machine. This one is so light weight and is easy to use. Love it. And the price is fantastic.
"So much for so little.  If you are a professional level sewer. You might want something else.  But i love this for hems,  cushions,  odd jobs etc.  An excelant general machine for the home."
What I love the most about this portable sewing machine is the weight and extra features! It saves me a lot of time!
Great product and price.
"This is a great sewing machine for someone who knows virtually nothing about sewing, It's very easy to follow the directions on how to use it. A great buy for the money"
This is a great beginners sewing machine and it's really inexpensive.  It's my first sewing machine and it's still working well after several years.  I just wanted to learn the basics so I don't really need the fancy digital screen and settings.  It comes with easy to follow instructions and a few needles and bobbins to start with.  I haven't even tried out the different foots and zipper attachment items yet.
I got this as a gift for my sister and she loves it. Works well.
I really do have little knowledge of sewing but my grandma is really pleased with this machine
"Very good product. Easy to use , excellent value for the money you pay."
Great product! I have minimal sewing knowledge this is super easy to use.l
Easy to use but have not had it long enough to make a longer comment.
"I bought this to replace my wife's 25 year old sewing machine when it broke while sewing on an outdoor gear project. Although I may sew some garments and take in waistbands, etc., I mostly use this for sewing hiking gear like packs, quilts, and tarps, using thin nylon fabric and polyester thread.

I finished my project with this machine and am very happy with the results. I was a little worried that a lack of bobbin tension adjustment might be a problem for the super lightweight nylon fabrics I sew, but the upper tension adjustment was more than adequate and it worked great. Compared to the old machine, this one is much quieter, much smoother, easier to thread, and easier to load the bobbin. The fabric bunched up less with this machine than with the old one, which did have an adjustable bobbin tension. The Brother also misses fewer stitches and did a great job with the zig-zag stitching I used to sew on a webbing loop, something the old machine struggled with.

There are a couple of things I don't like as well compared to the old machine, including how far away the thread cutter is from the sewing area, resulting in unnecessarily long thread ends at the beginning of the next stitch. The compartment is also not ideal in that when it is opened, the contents can all fall out; you have to keep everything in a bag to prevent losing things.

Also, although the light is adequate, more light is always better."
"I don't see but my 9 year old daughter wanted a sewing machine for her bday.  After research this is the one I decided on.  She has had it just a couple weeks and is doing well, thankfully her grandma is teaching her.  She finished her first project and has been able to begin to pick up skills rather quickly.  Her grandma gives this machine a thumbs up as well and she has been in the industry for many years using many different types of sewing machines"
"I have this machine from September 2015 and believe it's a beautiful sewing machine!!! Easily to use, light weight and cheap! It's machine for basic sewing things..no proffesional. I am very happy and highly recommend."
The whole thing is mainly made of plastic including the bobbins that come with it.  The spool holder is plastic.  About the only thing made of metal is the foot and foot plate.  The manual is horrible and so if you are like me and it's been awhile since you've sewn don't expect the manual to help you much.  It took my husband I many attempts to just get to a point to sew.  You definitely get what you pay for with this machine and I will be returning soon.  If you see a review saying that they got free stuff to review a product you need to totally dismiss it.  These people are not reviewing honestly and it verges on consumer fraud I think.  I think that's why they have to state that they got free stuff to review it (to avoid being fraudulent). Buyer Beware buying this product!
Super cute and fits well on my desk.  I only have trouble with getting the button hole to work but one that happens it's all good
"This sewing machine worked badly for one month, now it keeps naming up so I can,t use it at all. I see that it is returnable , I am out 80.00 dollars, not happy."
Absolutely great!
"Good affordable machine.  I bought it to use at my daughter's house when I am on vacation up there (yes, I'm addicted to sewing - LOL).  Great for beginner machine or for a backup!"
Loved the sewing machine nice and light also the numbers on the machine were very helpful for threading and winding the bobbin.....Its a keeper
I don't use a lot but it works for me
This has been a great little beginner machine for myself and my daughter.  Yes I bought it as a gift for my girl but I've had the joy of using it as well.  It does as much as I will ever need it to do and for an excellent price.  All round a great buy!
"So far, I have only used it once, but it worked like a dream.  The only problem was reading the manual for threading the bobbin if you're used to the old fashioned way."
"I bought this after carefully reading many reviews. What a disappointment! I so regret giving up my 45 year old singer, which was way way way better than this! I could not even do something as simple as straight stitch a line without the thread making a big mess, forget doing anything more extensive. If I had not sewed hundreds of times in the past, I would assume it had to be me. Thinking maybe I had something going on that had to be obvious, I had my sister try this machine as well and her experience was the same. Complicated directions, no fun to use, impossible to get it to sew even a simple straight line."
Very happy to have this awesome machine
"This was my first sewing machine and I found it was very easy to set up. The instructions and pictures that came with it made things a lot easier. I have yet to master all of the different stitching and matching it to the type of fabric but I have made three skirts and mended a few other pieces of clothing. I also love the little cubby attached to the machine that holds extra bobbins, needles, etc.  I would definitely recommend this to anyone, at any level, who is looking for a sewing machine."
"I purchased this sewing machine after reading several reviews. I was looking for a machine with all the basic functions that also doesn't require a master's degree to operate. I've been very happy with this Brother machine as it includes the basic functions the average person may use with a few extras for those special projects.
I've had the machine now for over 2 years and have never had an issues with the threading or tension. The machine runs smoothly and easier. It's easy to operate without lots of reading or unnecessary dials. If you have a basic understanding of sewing machines you could quickly figure this one out."
Nice and simple.  It works great for my projects :)
This is a great starter sewing machine and is simple to use.
"I am new to sewing, and my first sewing machine taught me a very important lesson about bobbins, which was... I hate bobbins with a fiery passion. They wouldn't thread properly or wind properly and they were the bane of my sewing filled existence. And then this machine came along, and it is beautiful in its complexity and simplicity.

For the novice like me, bobbin winding and setup could not be simpler. All of the tension and stitch type settings were easy to maneuver with the help of very clear instructions. I set this thing up so quickly, and have been using it consistently for curtains, crib skirts, shams, etc. without issue.  I just adore it. My mother in law, who is a much better seamstress than I, was really impressed with its versatility despite its affordable price.
A really great value, I highly recommend!"
i am very much happy to have this
"Stopped working in less than a year with very light use. ""25 year warranty"" totally useless--it'll cost $80 to fix an $80 sewing machine. I am very disappointed that I bought such a lemon."
"I have had this sewing machine for approximately 3 months now and I love it! Before my purchase I hadn't own/used a sewing machine in well over 9 years. When looking I wanted a machine with the following qualities:

1) Cheap- As I said I had not sewn in over 9 years on a sewing machine so I didn't want to spend a lot of money in case I decided to give it up.
2) Durable- The reason I was looking at purchasing a sewing machine was because I wanted to make my first ever baby quilt for my future nephew.
3) Good for a variety of projects- I wasn't planning on just using it for a baby quilt
4) Top loading Bobbin- This was essential. My mom had a side loading bobbin machine and I hated it. I always had issues with the bobbin tension and it was hard to load in a new bobbin.

Those factors are what drove me to buy this machine and I can say that I am happy that I did! I have used this machine non-stop for the past 3 months and no issues!

The positives? (With my requirements)

1) Cheap- This machine has a good variety of stitch options and overall capabilities for it's price! Other machines I looked at that I would consider similar were simply more expensive
2) Durable- My machine already has weeks in hours from a variety of projects! It has sewn through a pair of jeans I tailored without an issue. I've used it for free motion quilting too, again no issues! (I know from other reviews that some did have issues with their machine not doing well on thicker material. I didn't have a problem but I always make sure I use a new needle before beginning those projects)
3) Good for a variety of projects- Success! I have done a lot, pot holders, simple stitching, tailoring, free motion quilting, piecing, paper piecing, etc.
4) Top loading bobbin- I love top loading bobbins. I have had no issues with bobbin tension.

The negatives?

1) Maintenance. I didn't realize this machine comes oiled for life, which means you don't have to do any oiling, just clean out the lent. It's really personal preference on if you are okay with this or not. However, in my mind it is a machine and should be routinely maintained and that means fresh oil.

Would I recommend the Brother XL2600I?

Absolutely! If you are learning to sew or just need a new, cheap machine for a few projects this would be perfect."
Amazing machine for beginners.
"First time sewing anything! This machine is easy to lean and use. I have nothing to compare it to, but if you're looking for a first machine... I can only say I thought sewing would be harder."
very disappointed.  doesnt work very well
Hard to self tread
I got this for my wife who is a beginner and it has really helped her develop her skills. Great product.
I love my machine
Arrived the next day and worked well for my daughter's sewing project for school
"I purchased this machine as a backup for my sewing shop while my workhorse machine was being serviced.  It lasted just long enough for me to not be able to send it back to Amazon for a return. :(  The bobbin kept gumming up, and made it impossible to sew.  I took it to a service shop, and the tech basically told me he could fix it, but it would have the same problems again in a few weeks/months.  Not worth spending the money to fix.  VERY disappointed in this purchase.  Really wish I could return it. :("
easy to use at an affordable price
"As a beginner I was a little intimidated on threading up the machine but once I got started, it worked like a champ! Very pleased with this so far!"
Nice machine for the money.
"It's been a while since I've seen on a machine, but I went through the manual and was able to start right away!
The machine didn't come with any spools, so I purchased a singer sewing kit & some real thread at my WalMart.
The foot pedal is a bit touchy so I'm still getting the hang of it and still messing with the different stitches.
Already bent my twin needle but the fact that it came with one is awesome!"
more complex than I hoped for
Actually works better than expected 1 st timers doing well with the machine 5 quilts now and counting.
Satisfactory...met my needs...only used it once so far and had no problems.
love it
LOVE LOVE LOVE IT
Perfect for a beginner. Many options and very strong system.
Excellent product!!!!
Nice and basic for my mom.
"Great sewing machine, bought this for my 8 year old granddaughter for Christmas and she loves it. Very user friendly!!  Great Price too!!"
i am a beginner and needed a machine that was functional and easy to use and thread.  This machine was the perfect solution for my needs.  I am extremely happy and am ordering another one for my daughter.
Very easy to use with lots of options.
"I don't really remember how many years it's been since I have my sewing machine, but it is still new, still working perfectly fine, helping me in basic household needs. I am not professional and I needed something basic like this and I am very happy that i did. Even though still cannot figure out how to make button holes, but i am improving myself with this machine in sewing. Cause i have never taken any sewing class. I wanted to get one more for my bff when i was back in my home country, but sadly they don't ship it to Azerbaijan."
"It's a good plastic cheep sewing machine. Light weight and plastic parts. Not a smooth sew, but does a decent job."
Bought this for my 9 year old daughter. I use it all the time! Shhh... Pretty easy to use.
Love my new sewing mechine
"I have been enjoying making beautiful things with this sewing machine, very easy to use. this machine was a great price and is made very well."
"I like the sewing machine, but when I went to class I realized I did not have the attachments in the box.  Is there any way that I can get the attachments sent to me???"
A gift for my daughter who has never sewed on a machine before.  She loves it and watched a you tube video and is now sewing things for her home.
My niece is enjoying the machine very much. I love that it isn't a computer and stops when you lift your foot off the peddle. She'll be able to adjust the tension when needed. It is a great starter machine.
"I love this thing. I wanted something I could mend clothes with and make costumes. Havent gotten to try on heavier fabrics yet, but so far it has exceeded all my expectations"
We purchased for a Seville project. All have worked great.
"Honestly really wish I would have just sprung for a better machine you really do get what you pay for here, it constantly comes un threaded it doesn't do well with layers even with a more heavy duty needle and thread, it's a good machine to practice with and get more familiar with sewing, but I would not recommend this machine to someone who sews heavily definantly just save up and buy a better machine."
I Love it so glad I bought it :)
Very good machine
"I've had this machine for a year and, honestly, it's the best choice for low-budget sewing. I've figured out most kinks in the first couple of months by reading the reviews. The accessories that come with the machine are more than enough for you to complete your first project. The only additional items I've purchased are needles and bobbins. I've sewn pants, tops, hoodies, raglans...you name it. I've recommended this machine to others and will continue to do so."
"Very good, working well, very well satisfied."
I already received and started to use.
still love it!!!
First sewing machine ever and I love!
Easy to use! This sewing machine is perfect for me- an occasional sewer.
my first  sewing machine.......nice one!!!!!!!  very good price
"Awesome sewing machine! Affordable, practical and useful!"
"Tension stopped working and have spent hours trying to trouble shoot, cannot return it and only have had it for 31 days. Do not buy if the return policy only covers 30 days. Very unsatified customer"
"I am so sad that this machine has failed after less than a year. It IS the threading, the tension, the bobbin - just the main components- all not catching and it's really frustrating. Frustrating that I am unable to finish my mending.  Now not sure what I'll do now. I hate that I wasted so much money, time, and energy to make it work. Truly disappointed."
Just what I needed! Easy to use....and it has been many years .....
Very nice sewing machine.  Easy to handle and the price is affordable.
My granddaughter loves it! She's making a pillow for me!
"It is the most infuriating machine.....it sews for about 1"" and then the bobbin goes haywire.  It is defective as far as I am concerned and will be asking for a refund.  I wouldn't recommend this to anyone - I've never been so disappointed."
I love my new machine! I am very inexperienced and learning but the instructions are easy to follow. In my opinion this machine has a lot of power and see my jeans without trouble. Very happy with my purchase!
I cannot honestly rate this machine because I never did use it.  I sold it to a friend of mine.  Not because I didn't like it; I just decided due to problems with my hands I knew I would not use it that much.
Looks awesome bought it for my mom she loves it very lightweight but very good
"Fast delivery, great product, very pleased! Recommend!!! So excited to get started on my easy beginner machine!!"
This Brother Sewing machine is extremely solid and durable. For the price it is chuck full of features and many stitches. My fianc loves it and I'm sure you will too.
Good
"As a single male I needed a sewing machine to repair some tears in articles of clothing. It took me a while to get the hang of threading this machine properly, but once I got it things worked fine."
I love my sewing machine. It works great. Thank you
"This machine has gotten a lot of good reviews but the one I bought is a lemon and I cannot return it. I know the model is good but this particular machine is not working right,  Please help me!"
"I checked everything to use correctly many times but the bottom of the stitch is always a mess!
I Googled and I find out that a lot of people has same problem!
Check this---""This tension is making me sew angry!"" They are talking about this problem.
It makes me so disappointed. This is a defected product. I returned it immediately."
"Yes all around. Sturdy- makes sewing so effortless. Powerful too, i was able to sew the in seam on some twill pants- a full 4 folds and it kept sewing like a litte trooper. Relatively quiet, so many accessories; its perfect for the sewing hobby-ist"
"I am new to machine sewing. With the help of my wife,I am learning to sew on this machine . Very good directions and easy to use."
I am a beginner in sewing and was looking for a product which is not that expensive and will work wonderfully just like expensive ones. I bought this item and it came right on time. It was of perfect size and weight and was very easy to use once i went through its tutorial in youTube. I am totally in love with this sewing machine and recommend it. As of today i have sewn upto 20 dresses and it has been a smooth experience.
Works just as well as the more expensive machines.
Much to complicated.
"Im an begginner sewer, and this machine was perfection! it made it so easy, i begun to think im a pro! lol Made a camera strap for my first use, and it turned out better then i had hoped."
Keeps breaking thread.  It's a pain to use when you have to keep rethreading it every time you stop sewing for a second
This machine Is perfect for some one who Is a bigger at sowing.
I really tried to do my homework when purchasing a sewing machine (my first)! My daughter bought one with a lot of bells and whistles -  too fancy for me. But this one is awesome!
"As someone who doesn't sew much, was on the fence how well this would work.. Had for a year now and it still is holding up.. Not a lot of frills, but does a great job at what it does.."
"Not a experienced seamstress, will rate better after learning."
Love it. It is what I expected. So far it has been easy to operate. I'm just learning to sew and I think this was the perfect starter sewing machine.
"I love it it's my first sewing machine but I'll
You it does the job right it's easy it's fun
And I use all tipe of fabric, I give it 5 star "
Really like my Brother Sewing machine.  The threaded is awesome!  Have not had time to try other features just the regular stitching.  Excited to do so later.
"New to this world of cloth fabrication... and I can't believe they haven't invented an easier machine to thread.  I think threading the bobbins, machine are what keeps me from enjoying this hobby.  However, after I researched 12 different machines,  this was the most user friendly.  I still have to watch the youtube videos because I can't understand the printed instructions"
my first sewing machine and love it!
I bought this for my Granddaughter about two years ago.  She is 11 now.  We have had many sewing days since then with me helping her learn to sew.  She brings her machine and we work together cutting out the patterns and pinning things together.  She does all the sewing on her machine and I have been surprised at how well it stiches.  Getting it threaded correctly is critical.  But once the top and bottom threads are correctly threaded it works well.  It has reasonable adjustments for stitch length and fabric thickness.  She has made two dresses and a pants set so far.
Great machine for the price
Very easy to use and found a great youtube presentation on start-up.  Love the size and weight along with the ease.
I bought this machine as a present for my niece to learn to sew she loves it.
Good price!
Good little machine for learning and actually doing real stuff with!
Bought as A Gift & She loves it ...
"Wow! This is an EXCELLENT machine. I purchased it for my seven year old for Christmas to teach her how to sew since it was such a great price...but I'm the one who uses it now! I've been sewing for many years, and this machine may be the best I've ever had. I'm shocked how great the quality is and how easy it is to use. Nothing cheap about it, and there are instructions on how to thread/wind bobbins right on the machine itself for beginners, or if you need a reminder. I've heard amazing things about Brother as a company so I'm not surprised! HIGHLY recommended!"
"It works well and does not jam nearly as much as the last brother machine we bought a year ago. Dog knocked over the original one, do'h! There is also a nice selection of stiches and is easy to use."
Beginner friendly! I love this sewing machine!
work great
Love it.
"Awesome, I haven't seen in quite a while but fell right back into it like no time had passed !! So simple to bobbin thread and start!! I'm back!!"
"Thus far I am pleased with its ease of use and versatility. I've yet to experience problems, though I haven't sewn much with it yet. I think its a great machine for the cost and you get more than just a beginner model but something that will grow with you."
Not what I expected.
I love it.  Just what I wanted.
Bobbin case broke after 3 uses.
I never  sewed A day  in my life  it's a really good sewing machine to start if you have never done it before
"I sew a lot and have had many different brand machines over the years. This one runs quietly, works fine from the first stitch and after 3 months, I love it. Would buy again."
Ilove it!!!!
"This item Iis listed as heavy duty on some places. I actually like these little brother mechanical machines better than ""some"" so called heavy duty machines..
I have a singer heavy duty that breaks needles going over nylon zippers or other areas it's going too fast for....I don't need high speed going through 6 layers of denim.  These little mechanical machines seem to get the job done for a small price.
love them..."
great machine it has lots of sewing patterns and very easy to use.
love
"I'm totally a beginner sewer, so by no means am I a professional, but this a good, light weight machine.  Very easy to carry around and there are some tutorial video out there to help you get started with it."
First real sewing machine and love it. I use it for clothing and to make wigs.
"the machine is okay, had some difficulties to get the tension straighten out! Read google about that, lots of complains."
Best value for money on the market. Very easy to use.  Great service..Thank you. !!!
"It's good... not great. I can't adjust the stitches (they are on the largest setting) and they are very small. The foot doesn't lift with the pedal, you have to lift it with your hand. I guess I'm just use to my machine at work that lifts the foot and cuts the thread for me."
A gift to an 8 year old who just loves it; it's a great machine with many options.  A professional seamstress friend of mine totally fell in love with the machine while helping the young lady learn
"This is the first sewing machine I have ever owned. It is very easy to use, easy to thread and comes with a variable speed pedal. The instruction book is a bit difficult to ready as it is made for multiple different machines. ""Step 1 if you your model is equipped with it."" I don't know what my model is or is not equipped with, so would have been nice to have it at least list what models each step applied to. But that is really my only complaint. I'm using this machine for a small project and to fix a few pairs of pants and shirts, so it comes with WAY more features than I will  ever use. It comes with multiple feet, needles, and other attachments that I'm not sure what they are for. So, I would assume that most people would have everything they need with this simple machine."
Love it.  Read the instruction book - you need to in order to understand all the capabilities this machine has or you are missing out.  Wish it had a separate dial or button to move the needle left - center - right but it does still have this feature built into another dial.  It is not missing any features that I have found a need for and I have compared MANY machines before purchasing this one.  Definitely better than my previous Singer which seemed to go haywire for no good reason.  I definitely understand why this model is so popular.
"works great for a basic sewing machine, it is easy to use and understand."
quick and easy
Really really good! Not very noisy
"I didn't like this sewing machine I would like return.
Thanks
Cilene Chaves"
I have been very pleased with this sewing machine. Arrived  earlier than expected. Easy to use and was very affordable. Recommend this machine
Best sewing machine for the beginner sewer!  I had never touched a machine before this one and had no issues getting started. It's small enough also not to take up too much extra space which is great on it's own for the family that moves often!
Ye
It is o.k. but the controls are a little misplaces and not easily accessed when the machine is in operation.
A GOOD MACHINE FOR A GOOD PRICE.every one should have one.
"The machine is very good, I have been using it for the past months, it does the work and the stitches are very good quality when calibrated(check manual)... it does the job, no issues. I highly suggest to check the manual for proper configuration, it is very easy to read"
I bought this for myself because I wanted to make my own clothes. It's really easy to use and is perfect for beginners.
"I absolutely love to sew, I learned on an old heavy duty machine and recieved this one as a birthday gift. At first I was wanting to return it because I thought something this light weight could not be very good. I was completely wrong! Yes, it is super light weight but it a quality machine. I was skeptical of all of the plastic parts at first, but it has not failed me yet. I do not sew a lot, but when I do the projects take a few hours at a time. This machine stays cool, and is nice and quiet whie running. It is also simple to use, I am not good with all the complicated settings of most machines. I love how easy it is to add button holes on this  machine, they always come out perftct and look professional. I have not used all of the settings yet because I am more of a straight line and or zig zag person. But, I know I would have no problem using this machine on any setting. I would definately recomend this machine to anyone looking for a simple, light weight yet durable machine. I also think it would be good for kids to learn on because it is so simple to use."
Have had this for awhile now. I haven't had any issues! I'm a heavy sewing. I sell handmade products so I use it a ton! I'm surprised with how well it has kept up. I orginally for it just for light sewing so I am very pleased and recommend to anyone who needs a cheap machine.
"I have absolutely loved this sewing machine!! I got it for Christmas from my husband and I haven't stopped using it. It is easy to use, thread, and figure out. The packaging was also great! Was very secure with no damage at all! defiantly would buy again or as a gift!!"
Worked great
GIFT
"This machine works well, I bought it new. It had a little imperfection on the front dial. The backward stitch dial is ackward, when you sew backwards you need to hold it down. Over all this is a very nice machine.
Vee/nyc"
for the price nothing to say. i love it.
great price
Arrived on time and is working as expected.
"I purchased this machine in August 2015 as my first sewing machine and I absolutely love it! It is super light and I can easily travel between home and classes without feeling like I'm lugging an anchor around. With this machine I've been able to sew bags, quilts and alter a lot of my clothes. The only downside to this machine is the small arm, it makes it difficult to sew quilts with high loft batting. It was so difficult that I gave up and had to switch to a low loft.  Other than that this machine is super easy to set up and is great for beginners. Lastly, the biggest upside is that this machine is so popular that if you ever get stuck/run into problems you'll be able to find a YouTube video featuring the exact machine."
"I bought this sewing machine after doing lots of research to find the machine best for a new sewer. It was so easy to figure out how to get it threaded and start sewing right away! The peddle is a little touchy, but I find I have good luck with it when I'm barefoot."
"I bought this machine because of the reviews and also because of the price. I just started sewing and wanted to keep practicing before returning to Europe in the summer. That's why I didn't want to invest much into a machine for now and buy a ""proper"" machine in Europe. The machine was easy to set up and it worked very well the first time I used it. The second time I used it, out of the blue the bobbin totally jammed and I couldn't fix it. That's why it has to go back. I'll give it a second chance though and ordered a replacement. Fingers crossed that the new one will last longer and that I might be able to give it a better rating..."
Easy to set up and use. Lots of great stitches to use too!
This is my first new sewing machine. I've had older hand me downs. This by far it's the best machine I could have asked for in price and quality.
I still have yet to take a sewing class but I definitely need one! However so far I haven't managed to break anything yet (I am so optimistic aren't I?) It is pretty simple to use so far and I am still new at this so I can't really give the best of review but for someone that has never had a sewing machine it's working great. I made a coat for a Great Dane and a lovely scarf as a Christmas present ... next project is a flannel rag quilt and some baby burp cloths. I will add some photos when I have time to work on them.
Nice machine.  Haven't quite figures out the auto button hole yet but I am sure there is something on YouTube.
Nice machine for the price.  I've already used it on a couple projects and I've had it less than a week.
Can't seem to get stitch to look right. Tried everything in directions. Nothing working
"I am VERY disappointed in this product.  While I knew this would not be a super high quality machine at this price, I certainly did not expect it to break irreparably after 1 week of usage.  I purchased this machine as a gift to my 10 year old daughter so we could work on a sewing project together.  I even took a class to be sure I knew how to thread the machine, fill and replace the bobbin, change needles, troubleshoot as needed, etc.  I used the machine for a week on a simple tote bag project when the bobbin would no longer catch or work properly.  I tried everything I could think of to get the machine working (re-threading,read the manual 10 times, look up solutions on the web, etc.).  Finally, I took the machine to a repair shop and was told that the entire inner workings are made of plastic.  The tiny point of plastic on the bobbin case had snapped off.  The cost of repairing or replacing the appropriate parts would far outweigh the cost of the machine.  I am SO upset because I cannot even return the product because I've had it in my possession for 2 months.  I would highly recommend you NOT buy this product.  Go to a real sewing shop and get advice on what machine makes sense for you.  You will probably only pay a few dollars more for a machine that can be serviced and supported and will last a whole lot longer.  Very disappointing, Brother."
I absolutely love this machine!!  It did take me a few minutes to get through the quick cheat sheet and figure out what i was doing and the purpose but I go through it!  Then... the dials are not perfectly clear but I just took scraps of canvas and practiced for a night.  I cannot wait to see what I make with this machine!!
it works.  not for beginners like me.
I am a 32 year old man that had never touched s sewing machine in his life.  I had a need to see nylon webbing for a few applications and didn't want to pay a seamstress half the price of this machine and decided to give it a shot.  I watched a few YouTube videos and was able to see my own straps within an hour.  The only gripe is the poor instructions and short cords on the foot pedals.
Nice little machine for the price.
Amazing sewing machine! Very well made and especially easy to use. Remarkable value for the price.
"First timer here! Got help getting started from a friend who has decades of experience with sewing. She commented on how ""Simple"" and ""first time user-friendly"" it is.  I felt very confident with setting it up on my own.  Lots of arrows and diagrams on the machine itself as well as a detailed instruction manual."
"If you are looking for a basic sewing machine with a few extras, this is a great machine.  I use it mostly for hemming and making baby clothes.  It took me all of about 5 minutes to figure out how to use it.  I am not someone who reads manuals; I like to learn as I go."
"This is my first ever sewing machine, and I'm really pleased with this machine! It was really affordable (most other sewing machines at my local stores were $100+), and it's pretty easy to learn to use. I'm into cosplay, and want to start making my costumes, and this came with everything I need to make anything!"
Excellent Product
"For the money, this is a very good buy.  I gave it as a birthday gift for my 14 year old granddaughter.  She was able to thread it correctly first try, using the directions on the machine and understood the directions better than I did."
Lovely machine!  Great starter machine for sewing lovers!
This is not a good machine to buy if you're looking for long-time use especially for heavy-duty projects. It works some days but most days it jams and I can't ever get the tension right.
"I had never used a sewing machine before but figured this out quickly.  We use it for basic projects, like hemming pants. Can't tell you if it would be good for crafting, but for basic household sewing, it does great."
Worked prefect.  Would buy from again.
Really good machine!
Great machine do wonders
love my sewing machine
"I really like this machine. It is just the right level for me I am able to sew jeans, curtains, other clothing garments, leather and some upholstery. It was a great price and I am not even close to meeting the potential of this machine."
It was a gift.  they like it a lot
Am delighted with this sewing machine.
Bought this back in June of 2015 and just opened the box this week.  I had a pretty big sewing job to do making a 6 person photography blind.  I expected this little machine to not be adequate for sewing through multiple layers of 900 dernier waterproof material and nylon webbing.  I am very pleased to say it handled everything wonderfully.  I love the self-threading needle!  This blind used 15 yards of 900 dernier (urethane coated nylon) with some seams as long as 15 feet.  I am pleased to give it 5 stars!
Perfect beginner sewing machine. I bought this for my girlfiend as her first sewing machine and she loves it. She watched a couple videos online and was sewing in no time. Very easy to use and great price.
Thank you......
Does everything promised. Good little machine.
amazing sewing machine
love it
"I cannot figure out how to set up my new machine to thread it for self threading of the needle. I looked at YouTube...have done everything possible.  I even went to the Sewing Machine place in Longview, TX. They said if I did not buy it there they could not help me. Is there anyone who goes around and helps people with this type thing?  Otherwise, it is just going to sit forever.  I can't use it if I can't thread it.  Thank you."
I am getting accustomed to using it. It does OK but I have more problems with the tension causing problems and need to re-thread the machine much more than my old machine.
Perfect for every day needs and projects
Very happy with my buy
great gift for our grand daughter
I took this machine to a beginning sewing class and the instructor told me to send back. The tension has to be all the way up for it to sew correctly. Also the stich length has to be all the way up to make a decent length stich. Not exactly sure if this is normal since I am a beginning sewer.
Nice
My wife (and my daughter-in-law) love using this machine. Well built and lots of features.
Solidly built and easy to operate.  I am a rookie user and this has fulfilled all of my expectations.  Great price - the money I saved by making several simple alterations in the first week of having this machine has made up for the purchase price.  Buy it!
My wife simply loves her Christmas gift.
"I am a beginner to the sewing world, and this machine is PERFECT! Easy to use, but still has lots of different options. Have not found a project I have been unable to complete with this machine. Love it, and would definitely recommend!"
The  machine is great
The total package.
Wonderful. Easy for a first timer sewer and for an experienced sewer.
my mom loveeeeeesss thisss
Great for simple projects! Easy to learn and thread. I use this for sewing my cross stitch projects and I haven't had any issues yet
"Really easy to use sewing machine. I had never used one before so good instructions were very helpful in getting started and understanding how to use it. I do wish the reverse button locked in to place which is the reason why I'm only giving this 4 star, but other than that... it's been doing a great job."
"This sewing machine was purchased for my 11-year-old daughter.  I myself do not sew -- mainly because in the past, I have used machines that were frustrating (bobbins unwinding, machine unthreading, complex threading and bobbin-winding process).  This machine is fantastic!!  It has very easy markings to guide the user on threading.  It is a good machine for beginners and seasoned seamstresses alike.  My mother-in-law purchased a more expensive machine a few years ago and said that she regrets that and likes this machine much better because of its ease of use.  My 11-year-old daughter has picked right up on using it!  Paired with the Brother sewing machine case, this is a very compact and mobile machine."
My first time ever using a sewing machine and I love it! They include a quick threading guide that was simple to understand and the manual is pretty helpful. The only problem I had was bringing up the bottom thread because the pictures weren't clear on this part but it was an easy google. Overall I'm happy with my purchase.
"I'm an amateur sewer.. by no means a seamstress, but with this easy to use machine I've put together pillows and constructed stuffed animals, repaired gym bags and hemmed pants. Even thinking about tackling my very first dress  Definitely recommend to anyone and everyone (also Pinterest is the place to go if you're looking for inspirations and ideas!)"
"I cannot say enough good things about this machine. The women from my quilting club were afraid it wouldn't be able to handle quilting very well, but my first project was a hefty puff quilt. This baby powered right through it!!"
Thank you so much awesome!!!!
"I have used a Singer Machine for 50 years, I even made my daughter's wedding dress.  I could not use this machine!"
"Perfect for a beginner, I've been using it for a few months and it was very simple to learn on."
Great little workhorse. Easy to use.
I purchased this for my 7 year old son for Christmas (he asked for it!). It was very easy to set up and begin sewing. I do stay right with him and his sister when they are sewing but this is a great little machine that will grow with him. I might even steal it occasionally - it works that well.
Nice sewing machine for a great price.
"A great machine for the price, unfortunately not for arthritic hands, the dials turn a bit hard. I would recommend it, as it sewed very well in my test stitching. Instruction books are very easy to follow and the needle threader was great."
"I've had this machine for a while now. I've used it to hem jeans, make quilts, and make clothes. The instructions can be a bit hard to understand but there are several YouTube videos that will explain the basics. I don't have any real complaints with this machine either. It's easy to use and switching the stitches is simple (I had a hard time with it when I was first using it)."
Super nice sewing machine!
"Used this a few times and had to take it for repairs, don't bother!"
"Even though the parts are plastic and the thing isn't really meant for heavy duty work, you can still go over several layers (2 layers of fleece, 2 pieces of inner lining fabric, 2 outer pieces of fabric and a zipper) if you go slow and use a thicker needle. There are several options for stitch types but you really don't need them if you're going the basics. Easy to set up and use. If anything gets stuck you can always use the knob on the side. If the layers are two thick, you can also use the turn the knob to make the stitches. It takes some time but it gets the work done."
Love the ease of use. Does a great job!
this machine is perfect. priced good and easy to use
This is a great all around sewing machine. If you are looking to hem pants and make regular repairs to kids clothes this will work very well. It has a great selection of stitches and is not over complicated to operate. It is compact and lightweight and also well made for the very reasonable price. I ended up playing around with the various stiches and all the settings and adjustments. I wanted to make sure I could dial in exactly what I wanted when I need to. I just took a scrap piece of cloth and some oddball thread colors and practiced for an hour or so. I really like this machine and highly recommend it if you want to make repairs to clothing or to do small crafts and projects.
Wonderful machine. I unpacked and was sewing in 10 mins. Even has way to thread the needle!
Thanks so much!
"Got this for my lovely grandmother and upon handing the machine to her when I dropped by at the hold house, her face was priceless! Thanks for it's reviews."
"Great machine, basic but really good for the price."
"Excellent decision , exceeds my expectations, highly recommend"
"love this machine, great price and powerful"
Gift for teen.
very challenging to thread correctly.
This machine is so wonderful. I do not regret having bought this machine. It's a great deal! Thank you.
It's OK.  Use it for Scrapbooking.
easy to use
I love this sewing machine. It's very easy to thread and use. I have used a singer sewing machine before which I didn't like it at all.
"I have only used this as a new sewer and it's been great. I have made some decorative pillows with it very easily. I watched a couple of short videos on YouTube to get the basics down and I had no problems! I'm glad I didn't get anything more expensive, I feel like this is all I need."
Great seeing machine!
My daughter loves this gift!
Good price for a decent machine.
Excelente
Good
"Great sewing machine for a great price!

I'm a beginner and wanted a simple, reliable machine that wasn't too complicated. This Brother fits the bill perfectly. I used it to make a lap quilt for a Christmas gift. Set up was a breeze and I was sewing within minutes. The self threading needle is fantastic... no glasses required! I would recommend this to anyone that's just looking to use it for relatively simple projects."
Good value
Excellent Machine.  Does everything I need
"This sewing machine works great.  And, what a value.  Love it."
Let me first say that never used a sewing machine before.  Its a little hard to setup but that just may be since I was a rookie. It took about a 45 minutes to get setup.  After practicing on strips of cloths to get familiar with the product it worked nicely.  Lightweight portable and ease of use was what I was looking for.  I would have given 5 starts but the directions were hard to read the and the pictures they were showing were not very good.  I did find a video on line from someone who went through and showed step by step on how to set it up.  Found it on YouTube.
"Bought one for Christmas for my grand daughter, she is nine, a great starter sewing machine."
"I bought this machine and had it shipped to a friend.  I was spending time there and wanted to sew.  I didn't need an expensive machine and thought this would do. I am a quilter and 1/4"" seams are needed.  Imagine my surprise when the measurement on the faceplate was to the left of the needle!  All the measurements are off and there is no way to move the needle position!  I had to use a Sharpie to mark my line.  I would have sent it back but I needed it to sew.  Should have sent it back and gone to Wal Mart."
"Lucky thing was really the best product that you can buy at this price
 The best quality is everything Shipping"
So far so good...xo
My sister has been wanting a sewing machine for a while so I decided to be a good sister and buy this for her for Christmas. She loves it. She's never had a sewing machine nor used one and she was able to figure it out and has been able to make my daughters some blankets with it.
outstanding - delivery time perfect / on time - thank you for a great product and great price
Bought this as a gift for my wife and she loves it. Can't really say too much about it as I don't use it but the wife just loves it.
"Great machine and easy to use. I love the fact that it has a hook to easy insert the thread into the needle, my mum is 65 years old and this made her life easier as she makes clothes for a living."
great machine!
This is the absolute best machine for beginners. I had a brother previously & hadn't gotten it out in years due to moving & having my boys. While they were still so small I couldn't find time to sew...I recently starting quilting & I LOVE this machine. 25 stitches....& super easy to thread & adjust & use...period. I would purchase this all over again. I do intend to buy a serger soon so anyone else have any recommendations...I would appreciate. The only concern about this machine is the same as any standard free arm machine...for larger quilts or projects...u will b doing a lot of stuffing & adjusting. Not a lot of room on these smaller machines for large amounts of fabric to fit through. I recommend buying yourself a set of additional feet from Amazon as well...a walking foot is amazing...& a darning foot or open toe foot is great for free motion quiting....u will need some gloves or a way to grip the fabric....practice practice practice. Do not get frustrated. There r tons of youtube videos to help u along. Patience & diligence & ANYONE can use this machine to make beautiful quilts or clothing or home decor...I hope this helps...as I am super happy with this machine.
Great starter machine. Easy to use!
"This is a great little beginning sewing machine. Once you get the hang of threading it (I had to watch a YouTube video), you'll love the ""self threading"" feature. It now only takes me seconds to thread the top and the bobbin and start sewing.

PROS:
Good light
Not very heavy
Comes with more accessories than the typical beginner will use
Easy to thread (once you learn how)
Easy to plug in and start, even if you haven't sewn before
MANY stitch options
GREAT price!
Works really good once you get to know it

CONS:
Directions are TERRIBLE!!!!
Getting the tension just right for your fabric takes a ton of time and practice.
Tension needs to be set pretty high
Thread falls out of the needle easily (especially if you use the thread cutter on the machine!) This is solved by just cutting it long each time with scissors.
Bobbin takes a bit of working till you have the thread in the right position for tension (see other comments here in reviews for more info.)
Using the ""self threading needle"" device takes some practice and time

In short... great machine, but don't think you're just going to jump right in and start making stuff. Take some time with scrap fabric to get to know the quirks of the machine and the proper tension."
"Great value, easy to get started sewing. Had no previous experience with sewing machines. Nice to not have to pay to get my pants legs hemmed. Essentially got the machine for free after a few months of not going to the seamstress anymore."
"I have been getting more into cosplay the past 5 years or so and so my parents got me a sewing machine for my birthday a few years ago. It was an extremely old Brother machine that didn't even have instructions and scared me. Finally I set it up and within a month I had broken a piece of metal off so it was time to get a new one. I ended up deciding on this one and I could not be happier. Setting this machine up was like being on a different planet from the older one. Every problem and issue I had getting things to work right is automated! I have been able to sew even with spandex. I came into this with literally zero sewing experience and have made leggings, hats and tops. I'm enjoying sewing SO much more and I can't wait to see what other things I can learn."
Love it...so easy to set up and use.  Perfect for beginners!
Got here super fast!! Endless fun for the family. Thank you so much
Got this as a gift she absolutely loved it had everything she needed in a sewing machine
"Well,  it was easy to put together because you only have to connect the adapter plug.  Threading the machine is where I became confused.  I've NEVER used a sewing machine before,  but convinced myself that it should be a piece of cake.  After reading the manual several times,  I finally watched 2 YouTube videos before being able to thread the machine properly. I used an old piece of clothing to practice stitching and reinforcing the stitch and figured everything out. I was intimidated, but an very happy with this purchase."
"I know that I will love it AS SOON AS I GET IT! I ordered it on December 3, 2015 and it supposedly is not getting here until January 18, 2015! That part makes me very UNHAPPY!"
Works great.  It jams from time to time but since i'm new at sewing it does what i need it to do
Loving this making my first quilt ever
Great quality! My daughter really enjoys it-it is her first machine. Easy to use!
nice machine
"This machine is great!  I got it for my 10 year old daughter, she had asked for her own machine because she was tired of always having to ASK to use mine, and know that I had to be nearby to make sure she was using it right.  She got this for her birthday, and within a couple hours she'd read the book, figured out how to thread it, tried it out, adjusted some things, got it to stitch just right, and was on her way!  I have not helped her one bit with it, she has been able to figure it all out herself.  Granted, she's good at that sort of thing.  But this isn't a ""kid"" machine, which is why I ordered it.  So many machines aimed at kids are pretty junky, they can't actually do much and they are annoyingly difficult to operate even for adults!  I wanted her to have a real sewing machine, with different stitches, the ability to make real things, but also be simple enough for her to use on her own and me not worry about it.  This fits that idea perfectly."
"This is the greatest sewing machine for the money ! I love it .. It's all Iner  for my sewing projects. And, I have no I intensions' of ever having to purchase another machine! I highly recommend!.
."
Thanks!
"Value for Money
Good Quality
Satisfied"
was what i expected and came on time
I have had this machine for about 6 months and the setting changer does not work anymore. Cheaply made I guess!
"Purchased as first sewing machine for 13-year old, along with basic notions and materials for first projects - pair of 18"" decorative pillows with zipper and pull on pajama pants. Although there are many other, less expensive entry-level sewing machines, it didn't make sense to me to ask a beginner to fight with her equipment while learning. Added used hardback Reader's Digest sewing manual. In the 2 weeks since Christmas, the child has completed projects on her own, by referring to pattern instructions and sewing manual; and she has been digging around closets for unused clothing to mend or refashion, as well as make clothes for younger sister's Barbie dolls. If she takes care of her machine, it should last into adulthood. The only she might miss is the variety of automatic buttonholes available on a more expensive sewing machine; however, I was nearly 40 before owning a machine with an automatic buttonhole feature. The Brother XL26001 has 1. I am just down the street; and my Singer has 7 buttonholes that she can use as her interest expands (come to think of it...inherit).

Should add that it was the abundance of Amazon reviews that informed my selection of this sewing machine. It is definitely the best, feature rich machine in its price range."
"I was concerned if this would have enough power to make a organic comforters and sleeping bag. Turns out that it has plenty of power to sew thicker flannel material. All the settings I have tried work great, got my monies worth with this one."
The perfect 'first sewing machine'. But definitely NOT a toy!
I got this unit to do custom tailoring to my clothes at home and it works beautifully
"I really love this sewing machine.  It is as described, easy to use and I love the automatic needle threader.  Had so much fun making blankets for all my nieces and nephews for Christmas this year so it was put to good use."
"So far so good.  Very good value for the money.  Beginner sewer here, simple controls very non-intimidating.  Seems to be holding up to everything I throw at it so far.  Broke a few needles but that's par for the course as I understand it - beginner's fumbles and all..."
"I read many reviews and comparisons before purchasing this machine. I had never used a sewing machine before and have found this to be relatively easy to thread, fill bobbins and do basic seeing. I'd love to take a class to learn about the other features, stitches, etc"
Dozens of stitches.  Bobber spool.  Good entry-level sewing machine.  Gave it to my 9-yo daughter and we've already started working on projects.
My daughter loves it
"For someone who never sewed, I love my new sewing machine. I was very frustrated with the needle trying to loop the bottom thread, I took it over my sister house and she was helpful....two heads are really better than one lol! I can not wait for future projects."
"Very easy to use, light weight and easy to move around.  Great product for a great price.  No reason to buy a pricey machine"
Great starter machine for lighter projects. Does not have many stitches and can not handle thick projects. Overall I am happy with it but will be upgrading after this machine.
"I just got this last week and I am already sewing! Easy set up, lightweight so I can move it about and sew where ever  I want!"
I am very new and this was great to learn on !!!
"I am a complete newbie when it comes to sewing - I wanted to be able to perform simple repairs/alterations on my clothes and create things for my home, such as pillow covers, curtains, etc.

After careful research I selected this machine - and could not be happier!! It is SO easy to use!! The directions are exceptionally clear; I had it out of the box, set up and was testing out all the stitches within 30 minutes.

The step by step instructions for how to thread the bobbin and the needle were so simple to follow, I didn't have any of the troubles that other reviewers ran into. (Side note - the automatic threading feature is DIVINE!!)

I also haven't had any problems with the tension, as indicated in other reviews. I did have to modify it when I used a thicker thread, but didn't experience any problems making those adjustments.

I would recommend this machine to ANYONE who wants to teach themselves to sew. The ease of use of this machine has really allowed me to make progress on the ... Read more"
"Very impressed!  Worked right out of the box with nothing more than threading and winding a bobbin.  Stitches are beautiful and even.  Seems to have quite a bit of power, especially for a beginner.  My daughter will have a lot of fun learning to sew on it."
"I bought it as a second machine to store at my sons house, because, when I visit, there are always projects.  It works extremely well.  I was surprised, because I have never had a Brother (my home machine is a Bernina) and I was not expecting it to perform as well.  It is lighter, but is that a bad thing? It hasn't been used to much (3 sets of furniture slip covers and some covers for the truck seats), so I do not know about long term durability. However, I was impressed enough that a month later I bought a Brother embroidery machine because I now know that the quality is there.  I love this new machine also."
"Great little machine. I have used it for 2 years on a DAILY basis sewing hundreds of items.
It does the trick!!!! Easy, simple, extremely durable.

Why not use this forever? I am now wanting an industrial machine.
This machine is amazing, but is not as ""extremely"" fast (it is fast though), makes noise, and with time
something gets loose inside that I need to increase the tension over time.

But again, I've used it for 2+ years.

HIGHLY recommended, get it now! specially if you're just starting."
"I've had this thing for over a year.  Still can't figure out how to even get the bobbin winder to work, or how to thread it.  I gave up.  It's been collecting dust.  (I have 30 years sewing experience.)"
"Awesome machine. We got this for my six year old daughter to grow into and learn how to sew and it is easy to use, lightweight, and quality. I have a feeling we will keep this around for a long time to come."
"This was a gift. I am a novice. I could not get the lower thread to stop looping. The instructions suck badly. I returned the unit. Now I see others had the same problem. The bobbin loading procedure is poorly described in the manual. The way the lower thread is loaded is not clearly shown or described (if the other users who have figured out the correct procedure are correct--see feedback on this subject.) I called Brother customer service and they were not helpful. They said I should take it to a service center. It's easier to return to the retailer. Overall a frustrating experience given that other people have had this same experience about the bobbin but Brother hasn't addressed it in the directions or the customer service ""experts."""
"I was looking for an inexpensive, easy to use machine for simple alterations. This one definitely fits the bill. And it has a lot of versatility for a basic machine.  Lots of stitch types, and you can very stitch length and width. It's easy to thread and wind the bobbin, and the light is a definite plus. This machine was an excellent choice."
Very good.
"I bought this since I want to learn to see. This is perfect for me as a beginner since it is easy to use and isn't too complicated either. It does have a few options for stitches, just enough to help me learn and get started."
"I am teaching myself how to sew, and this little machine is very easy to use. Loving it so far!"
I bought this for my mother for Christmas since that is all she is talking about is learning how to use a sewing machine. I think this is perfect for a beginner. The machine is easy to use and she did not get tangled up in the thread as much as I thought she would. I would recommend this machine for any beginner.
This is a great little machine...can't beat it for this price!
"Very excited about getting started with my sewing projects. Disappointed with the bobbin snagging and the tension ALWAYS being off. It's discouraged me form my sewing. I'm sure I can get it fixed, but I just hoped a new machine wouldn't have so many issues right off the bat. It's okay for the price if you have the patience to readjust everything and fix the snagging constantly."
Im satisfied with it.
This is my first sewing machine. The only problem I have is that sometimes the thread gets caught on the bottom side of the material causing the material to get caught in the sewing machine. I then have to carefully cut the thread until it's loose enough to pull the material out.
"This is the perfect sewing machine for someone who is learning how to sew. I bought this for my daughter. It is a great price, and excellent quality. It's also not too difficult to manage. She's taken apparel class in high school, and is familiar with sewing. She's never had her own machine. This is the perfect product for her. I highly recommend it!"
This machine caused my wife some headaches at first. Then we realisedan she didn't know how to use it properly. After she revamped her techniques and practiced I have many more blankets and clothing repairs to show for it. I recommend this product for anyone that needs a swing machine for small to medium projects or repairs
"Great as a first machine for anyone who knows the basics and is ready to expand. I wish it had speed control, but you can't have everything at that price."
"My xmass gift, I can't wait to try it."
Very nice easy to operate.
"This machine is easy-peasy! For someone who hasn't had my hands on one in over 8-years, I was slightly overwhelmed seeing all the stitch options and doodads. However, fifteen minutes after getting it out of the box I had it threaded and was already sewing away! The top loading bobbin and self-threader make life so much easier, and choosing a new stitch pattern is a snap. Very, very happy with this machine so far but I will update after I try some heavier fabrics/bigger projects."
"Terrible machine. I have had it  7 MONTHS.  Eats fabric, stitches knots up. I have had to take it apart 5 times to see if there was a small thread causing the problem. Sometimes it works . Wish I would have gotten a different machine or could return this one because customer service from brother has gotten me nowhere."
Garbage.  My mother in law sent me one of these for my daughter to learn on.  We had tension issues straight of the boxso I sent it back.  They sent out a new one which stayed in the box untouched for a few months.  I just took it out and the tension is still not right.  Don't waste your money.
Sure makes sewing easier and fun in the process!
Amazing machine for the price. The reverse function is a great feature
i purchase this so my mom can make me curtains in my house. my mom was able to use this without any issue.
"My girlfriend hasn't used it too much as of yet but is VERY happy with it. I'm not fluent in sewing lingo, but I understand some of the more aggravating aspects of other machines is not present with this one. I'm happy she is happy. Dont go cheap on this one, for whomever in your life could use one. For a more informed perspective as to its capabilities and cons - look elsewhere."
"This is a wonderful sewing machine. There are tons of online videos to show you how to operate it but I found the manual to be very sufficient. I got confused at a few points because I am a complete novice but after studying sections for awhile and going back I was sewing in no time. If you read the entire book that it comes with you'll be sewing in no time too! The only thing that I didn't do correctly was filling two bobbins and trying to run both of those through the machine. You don't need a bobbin for the top because you just use the entire spool which you can see demonstrated in several videos of this over on Youtube.

Edit: I forgot, I did struggle very much with the threading part. I believe that this machine is supposed to thread needles for you but I tried for so long with no success that I just manually thread needles. I don't know if I'm doing something wrong or if I just don't have the finesse but I found it completely impossible. I know others are having an easy time with it so I'm sure that it is a problem with me, not the machine. I could probably figure it out but I have an easy time threading needles manually because you get a lot of light and the thread placement once you're at that point is easy to manipulate."
This was purchased as a gift for my daughter and has not been used
Works great
"works great for outdoor fabric (sunbrella) and cottons/fleece.  for a basic machine, I am very happy with how it functions as I am a newbie at sewing."
"I'm a beginner, and I've never used a sewing machine before this. I found it very easy to use after looking at instructions from a youtube video. Still getting the hang of it, but it's super simple."
Works great!!
"This is a great little machine! I use it for general sewing and repairs and creating pieced quilts (not the quilting, the piecing). I've always had Singer sewing machines for 60 years but the price of this little beauty was impossible to pass up! I was up and sewing within a few minutes."
Such a handy machine to have around the house. It has more options than I need for my basic sewing projects. Easy to thread and such an affordable price!
"I am really happy with this machine! It is great for beginners and extremely easy to set up and start using! The instructions are very clear as to not confuse you so you can get started on your projects right away! I really like that there are so many different stitch patterns on this machine, its really fun to try them out and see what they all look like. In all I think this is a really nice little machine, its lightweight so it can be moved around easily, its easy to change the settings, and just does an all around good job."
I like it very much. Everey thing is perfect working
Love this!
Great little machine for the price!
Would totally buy it again. Perfect for all my sewing needs. I love it
Great product for basic sewing needs!
Bought this for my Mom quite some time ago and she loves it.
a gift
"this machine is a great deal, good quality, so many features for the price. I did my research before purchasing a beginner sewing machine and saw many blogs and reviewers recommend it, and now I can see why... It's affordable, very functional, includes some useful accessories, easy to use, reasonable quiet, portable (reasonable weight), even the color is nice and I think I'm love!
I'm just starting to use it and testing the stitches. I'll come back later with a real review and more experiences."
Very Good! Excellent delivery!
Easy to use!
"I really like this machine. I am a beginner and it has everything I need. Pretty easy to use, although the instructions are not clear enough, but there are a lot of useful tutorials online.
I love it!"
It is a good beginner machine but if you are REALLY going to sew spend more. I ended up with a $1200 machine that is better for me. Easy to make mistakes on this machine.
"I am 6'6"" so I have to buy everything from the ""big and tall"" selection. Unfortunately manufacturers all seem to agree that if you're tall you must also be extremely morbidly obese as everything they offer fits like a six man tent. I am no seamstress but I was able to quickly take in all of my shirts, jackets and pants to fit my tall thin athletic build using this machine."
"We've used it for a while now, seems (no pun intended) to be a pretty solid beginners sewing machine. No issues mechanically so far."
Have worked with it several hours and still can't get the tension right.
"It is a Christmas gift for my daughter, so I really don't know. But I can say that I have a different Brother machine and they have a very good reputation."
"Perfect, easy to use and a good price"
great buy
Very good machine for a great price. Exactly what I needed
"I've had this machine for a little over a year, and so far I'm very pleased with it. I mostly use it to alter my own clothes and sew various projects around the house. So it doesn't get a ton of wear and tear, but it's not just sitting in my closet all the time. It has everything I need and more for my purposes--lots of different stitches, automatic bobbin-winder, drop-in bobbin. It might not be advanced or heavy-duty enough for someone who sews for a living, but it's a great all-purpose machine for the occasional seamstress like me. And I think it's a great value for the price (I got it for under $200)."
"I was beyond sad when my 16 year old singer proved unmendable, so after much searching decided to take advantage of a great price and buy this machine. I primarily hem things and make blankets and pillow covers, so I prefer a simple, mechanical machine, and this did the trick right out of the box. I have only hemmed some pants so far, but it had no problem muscling through the seams, and although relearning threading and lifting the presser foot will take time.....reverse and presser foot are both operated with the right hand, which is awkward.....the self threading feature is surprisingly handy for my aging eyes. So far very very satisfied with the purchase, hope I remain that way."
affordable and easy to use.
Great sewing machine for the money. Beginners or seasoned seamstress will equally like and use all the features
Great value!
Amazing Starter!
works great
Works well. Threading it is tricky but fortnately there are excellnt how to video on YouTube
As advertised.  Quick delivery.
I bought this for my daughter 2 years ago for Christmas.  It has been a great little first sewing machine for her.
awesome
Well worth the money.
It works as expected
i have only used this once so far but i like it thanks and i got it delivered really quick too
LOVE THIS!
Has a lot of options and very easy to use.
"My first sewing machine and I'm in love.  I used it to upholster some foam cushions for my sofa chairs and hem some jeans.  Easy to use.  Definitely recommend.  If you're new to sewing, this is the way to go. I can't wait to make some more stuff with this.  Next project, some pajama pants!! :)"
"Works as you'd hope. Plenty of options, great for basic sewing needs"
Love it.
Bought for girlfriend she absolutely loves it she had never used one before and its super easy for her to use great product good quality.
Love this!  Just started sewing again after 20 years and this has been fantastic.  Easy use.  Lightweight.  Very much enjoying working with this machine.
Great introductory sewing machine. Enough settings and easy enough to use for a beginner such as myself.
Quality product that outperforms a comparable Singer.
"I have been sewing for many years. Just got this machine as an early Christmas present from my son. Set it up yesterday and played with it for a few hours. Today I got down to business and finished a project. This machine is so easy to use. Love the auto needle threader. I have never had one with that and it is the greatest. I can't say enough good things about this machine. It is quiet, runs smooth, is simple to use and I plan on getting a lot of use from it."
"Easy to operate, and thread"
"This is the second of this machine I have purchased, first for myself and most recently for my mother in law as a gift. For the price, it can't be beat! I have sewn hours on my machine and just love it, it's easy to use, easy to understand, easy to troubleshoot. My mother in law has only had great things to say about hers, as well."
"I've had this machine for two and a half years. It works great. I did have a few hiccups here and there, but it's a great starter machine. I taught myself to sew on it. I have just recently upgraded to something else. I will be keeping this one as a backup."
So far work well
"Very good for beginners!! Everything is so easy and straightforward!
Every detail is designed so perfect that the sewing is so precise and safe!!"
I love this machine. It's extremely easy to sue and the directions are very clear. It's a quality machine and I bought it as a first machine since I'm a novice sewer. It's perfect and comes with different feet attachments. Very easy to read and operate. LOVE IT!
Wife loves it!
"Bobbin thread bunches up.  Self threader is very flimsy.  Seems to be a cheap machine, not happy with quality."
Easy to use and easy to thread/adjust/etc.
"BAD QUALITY!!! Not strong at all, I have only used it a few times, and most of the times the strings got stuck in the machine. Very weak machine!!!"
I love my new sewing machine. Came so fast.
Awesome
"Easy to use, works great"
Perfect Sewing Machine for beginners.  Just started sewing again and love it.
I still have not figure out how thread it got work on that
stopped working
So easy
Pretty nice machine for the money!  I needed a quick machine that is light weight and portable.  This machine works just fine
Was a gift and they are thrilled.
"This machine was very easy to use and a great price. Works Nicely, no complaints."
"I read all the reviews before buying this machine.  I haven't yet encountered any of the reported problems. It is lightweight, so easy to set up and store, but heavy enough for my purposes: art projects and sheer curtains with lightweight fabrics, clothing repairs, etc.  The LED light is fine for threading the machine and spotlighting the stitching area - no extra light needed. Yes you need more light for everything else, but that was true with my old White workhorse as well. Yes it is second hand to reach behind the needle for the foot lift, but the lever is close enough to make it a simple matter move my hand and lift the foot without it being an annoyance. I've had no tension problems so far, but there are tension adjustment wheels so I expect I'll be able to deal with it if I need to.  My first project was on silk, so if there had been any tension problems I'd have seen them right away.  Also one reviewer said the foot tension was too strong, but I found no problem sewing silk, so I think it is fine.  The machine is so easy to use - bobbin filling, needle threading, and stitching is almost effortless.  I'll post again if I run into problems."
"bought this for my daughter, a beginner sewer, as an adult she just sewed by hand. She loves this machine, easy to set up and use. Made a fantastic Halloween costume for herself!!!  Great machine for a great price"
Perfect for my granddaughter! Good quality for a beginner or intermediate seamstress.
I love this sewing machine! I am a novice and this has been extremely easy to use!
"Surprised about it's performance. I bought this machine, because I have to do some car upholstery repair to do. So far I tested with several different material including upholstery cloth, Vinyl fake leather etc and it performed actually quite well on them. It will bundle up the yarn, if you sew in an area that is not covered by any material, but I guess a $10,000 machine would do that too.
I had an issue with pulling out the bobbin thread and have no idea what fixed it, since it is working fine again.
Bottom line, if you work precisely with this machine, will produce the same results, or close to it, as a super expensive one.
The 25 different stitch pattern are more than enough for me, since I really will use only straight and zig zag stitches.
If you want results with this low cost machine, you should plan ahead and chose the right needle, thread for the material you want to sew.
If you use the wrong combination, you will be sorry. At least whatever you were doing, is not going to look as you would expected it."
Living in rv we need small products that we can store this fit the bill we've only used it a couple times but seems to work well and does the job set up was easy and runs quiet
Need more instruction on automatic threader.  Luckily you can thread without using the attachment.  Excellent value.
"A great machine! I was taught to sew at a young age but I've never done anything super fancy. This machine is perfect for beginning and intermediate sewers. Easy to use with lots of settings allowing for a large range of possible projects. The built in needle threader is a dream! Really easy to use and saves so much time. It also comes with many accessories including empty bobbins, extra needles and other useful tidbits - the one thing I wish it came with is a seam ripper but they're cheap enough on their own."
"I love this sew9ing machine! My SO bought it for me for my birthday. After watching a few YouTube videos on how to set it up and use it, I began to sew my first garments. Using this machine is a breeze and I would recommend it for any beginner or expert sewer."
"Great beginners machine.  Instructions are good, but I had to go to YouTube to watch videos to understand things that weren't illustrated very well.
My mother-in-law who has sewn for years was impressed with it."
"This is a Christmas gift for my Sister-in-law, very excited"
First time sewer and I absolutely love this sewing machine. So easy to use!
Sews great!! I was a little worried about the quality due to the inexpensive price. The stitches were perfect and it even sewed on heavy pleather. Very simple to operate too.
Very nice sewing machine for the price.
"I have no experience with sewing machines at all and I am a beginner right at the beginning. I bought this machine and it came well packaged with no problems. I used the manual enclosed and followed how to thread the bobbin, and do the upper threading and then did my first straight stitch sewing on an old pillow case with no problems. I am very satisfied so far and just have to keep practicing now!"
I love this sewing machine. So intuitive and easy to use.
"I returned it.  It couldn't sew slowly, and the thread kept wadding up.  Really poorly made product."
These work good but I have to buy a new one every year and sometimes more often. It costs the same to replace as it does to have it serviced. I just chuck them when they break but I'd expect to get more than a year out of one. I do use it a few hours a day many days a week though.
"Cute little machine that I can use for projects when I'm not writing another ""Coffee, Tea or ... Murder?"" novel.
Am not a seamstress by any stretch of the imagination, but I love all the options it has.<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Coffee-Tea-or-Murder-Coffee-Tea-or-Book-1/dp/B00OW6VY44/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Coffee, Tea or ... Murder? (Coffee, Tea or ...? Book 1)</a>"
This machine is so easy to use!  I'm a beginner but the instructions for set up were simple and I was surprised it even had a setting for threading a bobbin.  I have not used a sewing machine in 15+ years (school) and I was surprised on how easy this machine set up and how quickly I was working on stitching!  The automatic threader is the most awesome thing ever (my old school machines I would spend 10 minutes trying to shove the thread into the needle).  I haven't really used all of the setting yet but this machine gets 5 stars from me just for the ease of use and it's perfect for a beginner like myself.  I cannot wait to figure and try all of the other features!
So far its working well!
"Although this machine did not cost me a great deal of money, it serves my purpose. The item arrived on time and was packaged properly. I have alread made a clutch purse with it and plan to make more."
my wife loves it so for
Very good deal
"Okay, I must make it clear that I've never used a proper modern electric sewing machine before this. So I cant really compare it with the other machines that are popular in the market today.
What I have used however, is the clunky old antique sewing machine from the days of yore. Y'know the black mechanical one that maybe your grandma used to use. Boy,was I in for a surprise!
Okay this machine allows you to go from stitch a to b at the turn of a dial. Threading is so easy. Bobbin winding is so easy.
But what takes the cake is the needle threader. I know my mother would've been pleased - 90% of the problem with sewing has always been threading the needle. Brother has resolved that.
I like the fact that it has a light too.
The only thing that I need to sort out now is the sewing speed, which is very high compared to... er... granny machines.
In short, it is everything one could ask for and more.
My mother has always been saying that Brother products are well worth their price. Now I know she is right."
Great
Perfect sewing machine
"Sewed perfectly from the very first stitch on medium weight items. Hopefully this will continue, as it was purchased as a gift for a beginning seamstress."
I bought this sewing machine as a second machine to my 30 year old Sears Kenmore.  It is light weight and has 25 different stitches.  I went on YouTube to learn how to thread it.  It came on time and in perfect condition.  I am extremely pleased with it and have already made a Halloween costume on it.
Great for home use and simple hobby projects.
works well. no issues. great for kids.
A classic in its own right... this sewing machine is perfect for beginners and experienced sewers alike!
"I got this for my daughter about a couple of years ago and she's been having fun sewing with it and making little projects. It's a great sewing machine for a starter. I'm not an expert in this but from what my daughter's telling me, it's great. I'm happy with the purchase."
easy to use at a great price
"I haven't used a sewing machine in over 10 years.  I remember how annoying it was to set up, change threads, drop in the bobbin etc.  I found 2 youtube videos showing how to thread and drop the bobbin in for this exact machine and was amazed how easy this machine is to set up.  I was sewing 15 minutes out of the package.  I have only used it for alterations thus far but it works like a dream.  The auto needle threader works every time for me (there's a youtube video for that as well).  Super value."
I love this machine! I am a beginner quilter and this works great. I read the reviews about the bobbin tension and the trick is to put a finger on the bobbin while pulling the thread around as indicated. You can hear a faint click or feel a slight snap to know the thread seated properly. I have bought a couple of additional feet not included with the machine for quilting. One CON is that there is no optional extension table for this model.
"Finally decided to get another sewing machine. So shipping was pretty good didn't take that long at all. I appreciate the packaging! I was afraid it wasn't going to come intact to my house. I'm not a newbie to sewing machines so for me this was a nice, basic machine. It is a little upgrade from my old machine, love the features it has. And I like how it came with extra parts like zipper foot, needle, etc. And of course if this is your 1st sewing machine, the manual is included & not that difficult to understand. All in all a good investment!!"
"I can remember paying quadruple this much for my last sewing machine, and not having near as good a machine as this one is.  It's lightweight and does everything you can imagine.  Plus some."
good solution to my needs
Awesome machine to get the job done that I need it for
Good inexpensive machine.  Don't like the placement of the presser foot lever inside the arch - keep reaching around the back.
Bought as a xmas gift and it still works great.
Excelente
"Love,love,love. It's a good starter sewing machine. I recently updated to a Kenmore but I wouldn't have if someone didn't get it for me because I loved my brother!"
exelent
Great beginer machine.
This is more of a beginners sewing machine!! If you are experienced you'll want more features.
Great price
Sewing machine has broken twice since I purchased it as a Christmas gift for my daughter on November 14th of last year. Seller should replace item!
Sadly it worked for a short time and now it will not feed material or when the needle is threaded it will not put stiches in the fabric.
Arrived on time and looks as advertised.  It is for a gift so won't know fully about it until I give the gift and it is used.
excellent
"Got this for my granddaughter's 7th birthday.
She uses it with her Mom all the time!!
They love it!"
Good price and works good!
"This is a Great Sewing Machine for the price, I bought one for my wife, two sister in laws, and my mother in law.
All of my relatives used my wife's machine and insisted on having one of their own.
The instruction book is well made and easy to follow.
 I was the one that threaded the machine, wound the bobbin and threaded the needle by the way which is VERY easy to do with this machine the first time no problems.
Anyone looking for a good machine this is it, just remember it is not a heavy duty machine."
love it
Love it. Made my kids halloween costumes with it. Easy to use. Watching the How To Youtube videos also helped.
Awesome machine.......no complaints from the wife so far.....
"I learned how to sew in High School but I have never owned my own Sewing machine. Even though I learned on a Singer, I have heard really great reviews about this sewing machine so I bought it. For $80 it's a great piece of machinery. I can now sew my husbands military uniform patches, my daughters costumes, and clothing with no problem. The Brother XL2600I Sew Advance 25-Stitch Free-Arm Sewing Machine is amazing.

I am going to teach my 17 year old sister how to sew, so I like that it is great for beginners. It looks just as pictured and has everything I need. It comes with all the tools, the needles, and the footers. It was easy to setup and start sewing within 20 minutes of me opening the box. You have more than enough to choose from with the 25 stitches. I have not personally use them all but I like that most are great for any sewing project. I knew what I was doing but for those who don't it does come with instructions. The instructions touch base on everything from how to thread the bobbin, drop it in place, to picking the right stitch for the fabric you're working with. I would highly recommend this."
"It does the job quite well, great for starting out, just load the bobbin carefully and properly or it will not work at all."
Bought this in April. I have only done some light sewing between then and now. It has been only 6 months and the sewing machine is not working correctly.  It seems that something may be wrong with the floor pedal. This is ridiculous as it has only been 6 months.
good machine thank you
love it
Good product
For the price you can't asl for more.  It works fine and has come in very handy.
Great machine and easy to learn on.  It does everything an entry-level sewer could need.
Bought this machine because my sister wanted me to go with her to the sewing circle when we visited. I had so much fun and now I am making a quilt. Easy and fun. I am a novice
"Good quality, affordable, easy to learn. Warranty included."
I've been sewing for 46 years and have joined Quilts of Valor. I go to sew ins and have to bring a machine to sew with. I have a featherweight but it doesn't zig zag. I saw this machine and thought I'd give it a try....what a smart purchase! It's lightweight. ..has a lot of stitches. ..and is easy to transport. Seems to be built well...had it up and running in about 20 minutes. Stitches come out excellent. Was money well spent.
"This sewing machine is amazing...I've had it for almost a year and I haven't had one issue with it..and the best thing is that it's so affordable...I would expect to pay a couple hundred dollars for quality like this...before this machine I had a singer, and I went thru two of those in less than a year because it kept on breaking down..from now on I'm not buying anything that's not a Brother.."
good quality
I'm very happy with my purchase.  It's been years since I used a sewing machine despite my passion to make my own clothes in high school. This machine brought back my love for sewing.  It's very easy to use.
"Simple easy to use machine... replacing an old singer, so a lot more features available, but more plastic...  So concerned about easy breakage of parts"
excelente producto
"User friendly, lightweight and portable"
I just needed a basic sewing machine and this fit the bill perfectly. It is easy to use and I found a number of great instructional videos on YouTube specifically for this sewing machine.
Not happy with machine.  The tensions will not adjust
Great product
VERY HAPPY with this machine. It has been years since I have used a sewing machine. And this is SIMPLE to use. I was also surprised how QUIET it was. I don't plan on having to buy another for many years...but I would for sure buy another as a gift for someone!
Highly recommend this product!
"Very good machine,easy to use,I like it,"
Excelent product!
I don't know the first thing about sewing machines this was so easy to learn already completed 4 projects dreaming up more
Great for the price
I love it so far....haven't really worked on a project with heavy fabric so i'll have to see how that goes.
"was a present for a 15 yr old and she absolutely loves her brother, GOD BLESS"
"I bought this sewing machine for my granddaughter for her birthday to teach her how to sew.  I purchased it because it was rated the highest on Amazon for a beginning sewer.  The machine sounded ""clackety"" from the beginning, and the bobbin winder did not work properly.  After about three hours of sewing, the upper thread jammed internally, and it was impossible to clear the jam.  The machine truly is a piece of junk.  This is the second Brother item I have purchased--I bought a printer several years ago with similar results.  There will be no more ""Brother"" purchases for me.  I ended up buying my granddaughter a small Singer machine.  I'm grateful the Brother broke when it did because the Singer machine is much, much nicer.  It sounds and sews like a sewing machine should."
love it
Perfect beginner machine!
Bought it as a gift for my sister and she loves it.
Sews beautifully. Easy to thread. I am worried about the bobbin frame that is light plastic  overall pleased
It malfunctioned from the first time i turned it on. Just stitched by itself with out the foot controller being pressed had to get it fixed now it works like a charm. I love the embroidery stitches.
Great so it machine
"Very pleasantly surprised by the reliability. I bought it as a lightweight, portable backup to my $3k Husqvarna machine. Easy to thread, wind bobbins, change bobbins. Only used it for basic stitches so far, but working great."
Really
great product happy wife.
I'm a 30 year old male that was sick of dropping cash on having my jeans/dress pants tailored. I ordered this machine and studied a few youtube videos on the subject. My only previous sewing experience was a Home Economics class in the 7th grade (I think a got a C). Within and hour of unboxing this machine I had a pair of jeans that fit just right! If I can do it so can you! easy set up great for beginners and it paid for its self after I hemmed my 3 pair of pants.
"I found this the perfect sewing machine for all my needs.  The instructions are easy to follow
for things I haven't done in awhile or never."
Well made. As described. Good deal. Very impressive machine for the money. Works and looks better than some much more expensive machines.
"just bought this because of the needle threader and what others said of how useful it isl.
I would love to know how to use it. I have tried and tried and just can't get it to work.
I video of how to use it would be great.
Every video I have found online so far don't use it or even mention it. I wonder why."
Excellent
"found it difficult to regulate the tension..I had  Viking machine for years..this machine is okay for what I need today (mending etc.) but if someone does a lot of sewing, I would not recommend it."
Gr8 sewing machine
Thing is sewing in reverse!! I have little to no experience with sewing and was trying to start with a new machine! I am heated because I do NOT have a clue what to do about it or the cause!  I'm practicing being very careful and the machine starts to feed away from me! Thanks for nothing!
Worked well transportation was a little slower than i wanted but it still met my needs
"Great sewing machine for a beginner!  I have mended, I have made pillows... looking for more things to sew!"
Works great. Love it. Use it for small projects and perfect for that
I love this sewing machine. It is so easy to use. There is a dvd which really helps as I am more of a visual person. I have made a few things with this sewing machine already and the dvd came in handy. I still can't figure out the automatic threader but I'll keep trying. this is a perfect machine for beginners and advanced alike. I highly recommend
excellent product
I purchased this to sew vests for my wedding. I used it 4 times and now it won't turn on anymore. I am outside of the return policy though and don't really have time to deal with repairs!
good to make one or two pillows... and then it broke.. you get what you pay for. $80 toy.
"I use this for small craft projects like clothes, bags, blankets, etc. This is the easiest sewing machine I've ever used. Based on how it suits my needs, I highly recommend it."
"Would never buy this brand again.  Zigzag stitch started skipping stitches after just a few of days.  Searched the internet for possible solutions and tried them all, but none helped.  I should have known it would be as lousy as a Brother printer I made the mistake of buying a few years ago.  Waste of money.  Would actually like to give it no stars."
Awesome machine for the price.
nice
"I haven't owned a machine for over 35 years.  I recently got quotes for some hemming, and was shocked at the prices.  So, I started looking for something handheld, and wound up looking at actual machines.  I couldn't believe the reasonable prices.  I ordered this machine and braced myself for a bit of a mickey mouse because the price was so low.  What a pleasant surprise.  I've barely gotten underway, but what I'm seeing so far is quite remarkable.  This Brother machine looks every bit as nice as the Singer I purchased for over $300 way back when."
I've only used it about 5 times and it already needs repair.
This machine has performed all my needs that I purchased a machine for. Upon getting more experienced I would like to try out all the features this machine as to offer.  I would recommend this style to anyone who is shopping for one to do projects not for commercial work.
I am very much a novice when it comes to sewing. I just do a little hemming and have made very basic curtains. This is a good machine for that. Easy to use with basic functions. Plenty of stitch options for my needs. I have been very happy with it.
This is a great value. I was able to teach myself to sew with it and this model is really good for beginners because you can always find someone on a blog or on youtube using this exact model so it's easy to find help and tutorials.
Great quality
"I have a beautiful, very special Janome machine, and though it has a handle, it is VERY heavy-- it is in a furniture cabinet as well. When I want to sew with other  hat makers or quilters elsewhere, this machine will be perfect! It is so light, sews great, and has all the versatility I need for quilting.  And the price is fantastic!"
"Excellent Sewing Machine; nice, sturdy, but light weight; easily stored away while not in use. However, thank heavens for the manual! It was the fault of the user (me) but I kept forgetting how to switch from straight stitch to various zig-zags. I used it to stitch some fairly heavy cotton belting with no problems.  The foot pedal responded nicely, except it kept slipping forward between uses.  That was the fault of the slippery floor, not the machine. Recommended."
great for minor fabric repairs. very easy to use and it's compatible with different types of cloth!
"I love this sewing machine. It was so easy to set up right out of the box and the moment I set it up, I was able to start sewing right away. It has tons of cute stitches and you can sit it right on top of your table and work from there"
Great for learning and simple/medium jobs
"Works well. Watched YouTube to teach myself, and started sewing. Happy with my purchase."
"I bought this sewing machine for a granddaughter, and have been extremely disappointed with the quality of which it performs. I have sewn over 50 yrs, I know my way around with adjusting tension, length of stitch. So I bought another machine, in fact  a different brand, would never recommend a brother to anyone."
big hit with the person I gifted it too.  She has been a sewer for years and really loved the ease and simplicity of use.
User friendly.  Perfect for a beginner.
I do love it!
"Great starter machine. I bought this for my niece, per the suggestion of my seamstress friends. It was a bit challenging for her to figure out how to thread it, but once it's set up, the machine is easy to use and it sews smoothly. I wouldn't make anything too complex on this thing or use it on heavy fabrics, but it does the job well when you're a beginner making easy items or quick repairs."
This sign machine is great. You can do all the basics functions with it.
"Dandy machine!

Once you get the hang of threading, I had to call,  really easy"
Great Starter Machine
good
"My mother taught me to sew on her old Singer electric (circa 1970) machine years ago. I decided recently I wanted my own machine for small things around the house, window valances and pillows, etc. I purchased this Brother, and it is great! I did have a problem initially with the bottom thread looping, but after reading how other reviewers solved the problem, I was able to solve that. It's smooth and super easy to use, and the drawer holds all the attachments and a few other items as well, so I always have everything I need right at the machine."
bought it for my 12 yr. old grandaughter & she is doing amazing things with it.  Very good instructions-easy to understand.
This sewing machine is great
"I received this sewing machine as a gift and it is great! It is very easy to set up and the threading instructions are very clear. I made four pillow covers last night and it worked nicely. I highly recommend this, and it is a great price!"
I cut this to replace a cheaper machine that I had to return because it would not work. I have never use a sewing machine before in this machine made it very easy to start. It has an easy set bobbin and a built in needle threaded. Within 10 minutes I was able to start sewing. The instructions are clear and thorough. Machine has 25 built-in stitches including stretch stitches. Stitches it should meet out needs for many years. I recommend this machine to anyone who needs a small compact machine.
WONDERFUL PRODUCT!!! I'd recommend it to anyone and everyone!
Awesome machine!!!  Easy to thread up and use.
"Beautiful machine, so far is the easiest to setup , threading is very easy and needle threading is hassle free thanks to the needle threading mechanism, very satisfied with the purchase, loyal customer of Amazon.com"
"I bought a cheap Sunbeam sewing machine before this one to save some money since I needed it for a project I was 95% done with. Huge mistake. I quickly purchased this machine instead and I literally have not one single complaint about it. I was worried about the speed not having different settings as that's what most of the reviews say, but it's no different than any other machine: the harder you press the pedal, the faster it sews. It's really not hard to control unless you don't have control of your legs, and if that's the case you probably shouldn't have bought a sewing machine with a foot pedal to begin with..

I recommend this machine to anybody and everybody who is just starting out. Even if you are not too keen on spending a lot on something like this, you will not regret it. Very user friendly."
"I just received this machine yesterday,  my old, old, old machine flamed out and I wanted one inexpensive  and easy to use. This is it. So easy getting it going right out of the box. Seems like a good machine ."
excellent
"Great purchase. Comes with manuals for how to set things up, like the machine and threading a bobbin (My only prior knowledge was a sewing class I took years ago) It's also lightweight and easy for move around if you needed to. I wish the light that was included wasn't so yellow."
"It arrived a day late but that was ok.  I am a beginner sewer and this machine was perfect! It was so easy to understand how to set everything up plus there is many YouTube videos about this product on how to use it. No troubles so far, will def recommend to beginner users!"
"I'm still learning the basics. The only issue that I have had is that it got stuck in reverse one night. I don't know how, but at some point it eventually went back to normal."
I bought this for my great niece's 11th birthday. She is so excited and is learning to sew with this.
Enjoy it !!
"for the price... and for a beginner, its awesome."
"Nice, light, little machine for everyday sewing.  Not fancy, but practical.  I think for the price, it is a good purchase for anyone who sews occasionally.  The thread that came with it is not usable...toss it out, as far as I'm concerned."
I love it! I can even put buttons with it!
"Great for beginners and also for more advances projects. Smooth, quiet, and very easy to use. Great buy!"
Super easy to learn and sew on. I love this machine.
My daughter took a sewing class this summer and used this exact model.  She loves it.
Excelente
"About me: I am an absolute beginner and my mother/granny did not sew. I am taking a sewing class and touched a sewing machine for the very first time there. (a 50-year old ELNA).

The only reason I am not giving this product a 5 star is because I have only used it for about 3 weeks so far and hence cannot vouch for its reliability long term.

Amazon delivered the machine in 3 days - very prompt service. The machine is easily portable and at the same time is not so light that it will trip over when working on an intensive project. Its modern and compact, and yet roomy enough to accommodate your fabric. While not overcrowded with features, it does come in with a handy set of features which will make your sewing experience simple and easy.

The manual was fairly good and I was able to set up the machine in about 20 minutes. Winding the bobbin and threading are very easy. Threading the bobbin is extremely simple (this model has the one-step bobbin threading). The storage compartment com... Read more"
"This machine is literally the best thing that ever happened to me. It legitimately changed my life, and I LOVE it.

The Brother XL2600I comes in easy-to-open packaging that seriously takes 2 seconds to open. It came in perfect condition, unharmed and pristine. The best part about opening it? It took me less than a minute to get it working!!!! This machine is SO STRAIGHT-FORWARD AND SIMPLE TO USE. I am, by the way, a first-time sewer under the age of 15 and I only had to glance at their easy instruction guide before putting my machine into action.

I am so impressed by this machine, I am at a loss for words. The drop-in bobbin, needle-threader, thread cutter, and the rest of this machine's many, many features make sewing quick, convenient, simple, and fun, while remaining to provide lots of advanced (yet uncomplicated to use) functions and features for ALL TYPES of levels and abilities

BEGINNERS WITH ZERO EXPERIENCE:
-extremely easy to learn on
-TONS of features that aren't overw... Read more"
so far so good
"it does not have proper tension and i have not been able to use it at all.it sucks,thankyou ,it will probably be sent back. POS."
This machine is just great for me. I previously sewed as a child in 4-H for many years and 15 years later have decided to come back to it. So I have some experience but forget a lot and this machine is very forgiving. Much easier to thread and wind the bobbin than in the old days. It is light and has a great variety of stitches for mending and decorating. I have used it on many fabrics without problem. Highly recommended and loads of fun!
"I too was having a ton of problems with the lower thread looping under the fabric. It was very frustrating. Finally I figured out how to fix it. Refer to the owner's manual section on inserting the bobbin for photos. What you want to do is drop in the bobbin, and pull the thread through the little slit like it says. But, you have to make sure that the thread goes into the slot in the ""tension-adjusting spring"" (this is hard to see; pull up the plastic tongue that forms the slit a little with your fingernail to see where it is), although it should go in by itself, then YOU HAVE TO HOLD THE BOBBIN SO IT DOESN'T MOVE AND PULL THE THREAD GENTLY TO SEAT IT INTO THE SPRING. That is the key. After I made sure the thread was all the way in, like magic my lower thread was working perfectly.

Aside from that I am happy with the machine. I especially like the needle threader and think that the top thread is very easy to thread. Now that I figured out the lower thread issue, I want to experimen... Read more"
I love this machine.  It is easy to use and easy to learn on.  The set up was easy.  My mom and my sister has the hardest machines to play with. I am glad I chose this machine to learn on as it was easy to figure out.  The instructions were easy to follow and easy to find youtube videos on if you need help.  My daughter is learning on this machine. It has a drop down bobbin. I would recommend this machine to anyone that is learning to sew as it was easy to use.
"I'm a beginner still with sewing, and this is the nicest machine I have used. It has made everything I've done so far a breeze. It was super easy to set up, and I learned the basics of what I needed very quickly with this machine. The speed can be increased or decreased with the foot pedal (and yes, it can go VERY slow or VERY fast depending on how hard you press). It comes with all the basics you will need (except thread). Love this machine."
good
"I would definitely recommend this sewing machine for the ""new to sewing"" or beginner (I am new to it as of 2 days ago). It is a simple machine that is not at all intimidating. I only gave it 4 stars because the manual is SO confusing. Little details that you may miss are not highlighted clearly enough. I had to rely on YouTube for help on filling the bobbin, threading and picking up the bobbin thread, before I could go on to my first project. The Amazon reviewer ""SBP"" (the top most helpful review) was also a life-saver, since I did end up having a bobbin looping ""problem"". Even after watching the awesome tutorials from YouTuber ""hbnole"". I am now sewing perfectly with no other problems. First timersBUY this machine! You won't regret it!"
Great entry level machine. Will be teaching my daughters how to make simple garments and cushions.
Great little machine for the basics and taking to classes.
grandaughters love them thanks joe
"Dear amazon, am from india. I would like to buy this lovely product in such a wonderful offer. This product is my dream one. Please guide me what i want to do to get this"
I haven't done much sewing for a while and wanted something basic.  This is a great little machine.  I have made three dresses and love the way it works.  It is easy to thread and simple to use.
Very good sewing machine for the cost.  Not for sewing heavy fabrics.  Great for anyone that needs a machine for making garments or light mending.
A wonderful little workhorse of a machine.  Love it-so easy to use
Very happy so far with this sewing machine. Simple to operate and does the job!
Cannot believe for the price this works so well and good quality.
For small project its perfect but with Jeans and other havy fabric its doesn't work
I love it .
This sewing machine is light enough to move anywhere and yet has so many features.  This was definitely a fantastic buy.
Sewing machine works okay just little cheap looking for a Brother item.
Works really well my wife loves this Sewing Machine and it does a lot of what the more expensive machines do. Easy set up and a great price on Amazon.
AAA+++ just as ordered!
Very easy to use and works well.  The only problem is the sewing deck could use being a bitch larger.  But then I don't know if other sewing machines have a larger deck either.
"I needed to replace my 40+ year old Singer machine, and thought this would be adequate, and it is. I do mostly basic stitching, but I like that I can do advanced stitches and even buttonholes. Once I got the hang of the self-threader (it took a couple of tries!), it's a great feature. I need to figure out the correct tension, as there were loops on the underside (it could be the thread I was using). The presser foot could be heavier and I had to be careful to feed the cotton fabric through, as it wasn't a steady feed, but seemed a bit loose. Still, it's a great machine for every day use, and I hope it will last many years. I had no trouble with the instructions, I just took a marker and blocked out the English part so I could see it more readily. It helps if you have basic knowledge of how to set up a sewing machine as far as threading and loading the bobbin, but the instructions and quick-setup guide were pretty good."
"Super easy machine to use. I pulled it out of the box & started using it as soon as it arrived. There are no bells & whistles, which means no complications. No technical difficulties at all. Great price."
Bought this for my wife she loves this...this is the 2nd one i bought for backup. The 1st one is still kicking.
Simple to use specially for a beginner. Exactly what I thought it would be.
Really nice machine for a beginner.
Works pretty good
great investment. altered 4 pants my I already got my ROI
Wonderful machine!!  My 14 year old daughter just loves it!!
I like this little machine for traveling.
I purchased this sewing machine for my 10 year old daughter who wanted to learn to so.  It has been a great purchases and easy to use. I have even found myself using it more than I expected to. Well worth the money
Great value and quality. I am very happy with this purchase.
Spent all I could only to get a broken machine without knowing it and it's too late to get a refund or replacement because by the time I got lessons it broke during my practice. The machine would work out of control too fast of a speed when I even poked the presser softly and eventually just snapped and smells like burned plastic now. The presser no longer works and I have to sew manually. This is ridiculous. Test before you buy it. I trusted this was not broken only to be disappointed by the time I was getting lessons to use it.
"As my first sewing machine, I didn't know what to expect, but I'm very happy I chose those machine! With some help from YouTube videos teaching about this model, I was able to learn the basics on this machine! It came wrapped securely and safely and I highly recommend getting this!"
Good machine for the price.
"I've now been using this machine for a couple years.  I'm not a great seamstress, nor do I have a tremendous amount of experience with different machines (or machine sewing in general).  I never took Home Ec or sewing in school, I don't have a big work room or table to spread out on, and I don't have a huge budget for experimentation.  What I do have, however, is a good imagination, access to cheap fabric stores, and decorating tastes that far outstrip our budget.  We live in a small New York apartment with stuff in most places, so when I start a project, it often takes up the entire living room.  Because space and money were big considerations, I researched before buying even a machine this inexpensive.  Brother machines always had a good rep (for regular home sewing) with the people I know who are more skilled than I, and this one seemed to have the features I wanted.  It sets up nicely on a ""TV tray"" my spouse uses as a desk when he's doing classwork (yes, that's all the space I have some days), and I can put it up quickly and put it away just as quickly to reclaim our living space. Over the years, I've made Roman shades, more curtains than I can count, small quilt projects, and lately lined drapes and a duvet from three coordinating fabrics for our current bedroom.  Oh, and a few wacky costumes for downtown theater productions, including an awesome foo-foo and evening gown for a 1950s woman.  This machine has met all my needs well.  It's lightweight, easy to use, and allows me the flexibility to get all my jobs done.  Bobbins are easy to wind (although you do have to unthread the upper needle, unlike some fancier machines) and very easy to load.  I've not had the ""lower thread looping"" problem some people discuss, but I'm always pretty attentive to tension and getting my bobbin seated properly.  The upper needle threading is pretty easy, too, although frankly, the needle threader device sometimes seems more difficult than helpful, (I often snag my thread, which I just don't understand).  Probably I'm not paying enough attention or not trusting the device enough (and using cheaper thread, which, I know, causes lint accumulation, but I'm trying!).  Anyway, I love my little machine.  It was a great purchase and allows me to be much faster and more independent in my decorating, gift-giving, and costuming endeavors."
"There are different speeds, some of the reviews said there weren't but based on how hard you press the pedal dictates the speed. So far made two shirts and four pants. Its awesome!!! easy to use, and understand love it!"
excellent!  Good machine
"For the price, this is a great machine. It would be a wonderful starter machine for young and old alike. It would also make a great travel machine if you have an RV or vacation home.  The dials are simple to use as is the needle threading and bobbin. Is it quite?  No, It is a manual machine not computerized. I purchased this as a spare. My beloved computerized machine is 15 years old which makes parts hard to find when it breaks. With this machine I can still make simple clothing repairs, make quilt tops or hem a pair of pants while my beloved machine is in the shop."
Good little machine for the price. This would be great for beginners. It's very easy to thread.
"Ordered this for my granddaughter to take to college: She opened it immediately and couldn't wait to get started the next day designing tote-bags from large dogfood bags; as she says, she's ""SAVING THE PLANET ONE DOG FOOD BAG AT A TIME""....how cute! This little machine is lightweight and easy to use with everything you could possibly need! Be sure to order the Brother 5300 carrying case; its perfect and still leaves room around the machine for extras, patterns, fabric etc.  I'm absolutely pleased with this little machine!"
This review is after using the machine for 2 days and I have to say I'm pretty impressed. I make dog collars and leashes. I bought this machine for my mom who I am visiting. I was afraid that I would break it because nylon dog collars can wear down sewing machines quickly but so far it's doing a great job. The most important thing is to use the right needle for wussy you're sewing and threading it correctly. I'm thinking of buying one for myself as a back up.
"Great sewing machine I used to teach my Daughter some basic sewing.  Rugged enough, but also well equipped with options.  Bobbin threader is easy to use.  Way better option than getting a 'kid' sewing machine, which we did originally and was junk in a week.  Price was barely higher than the lousy kid one too.  I really like the auto needle threader.  The old eyes aint what they used to be. . ."
"Instructions were not clear enough,should have written and not just diagram on using the features. My Shark dosen't have the threader ,but i still haven't figured out how to use the self threader on the left of the needle. All machines are different. So far it works fine."
"Perfect for my return to sewing after many years. More features than I expected actually. While the directions are good, language needs to be separate. Huge issue, made following directions hard to follow. Recommend you do you tube for auto threading directions"
time to create!
"Pretty good machine. It was a gift for my sister, but I used to make some pillows for her while I visited and it performed admirably well on some really tough fabric.  Overall works great.  Not the best Brother makes by far, but for the occasional sewing job or a beginner, this is a fine machine."
excellent value for the money spent.  Great for the day-to-day projects at home.  Definitely not for commercial use.
"AMAZING QUALITY and EASY TO USE! Best sewing machine I have ever used! It has simple controls and clean stitching! It's a little tricky to thread, but what machine isn't? Great machine for a learning or novice! An amazing price for an amazing product!"
"Understand that this is an entry level machine and you get what you pay for. I am not a person who sews but I needed some curtains made fast and cheap and my mother's 700 dollar Husqvarna Viking Classica 105 malfunctioned. Rather than paying another 200 to have it ""serviced"" I bought her this just for the auto-needle threading feature. Once I saw the video on YouTube I was hooked. When I received it and tried it... deep breath.... I would rather buy ten of these than one of the fancy expensive models."
great
Love it!!!!
"This machine has been amazing to me. It works as intended, with no issues. I ordered one for a family member and she to has had nothing but good times with this darling little machine.
It comes equipped with a hearty manual, plenty of attachments, and enough bobbins to get you started! I was happy to discover that all of my Kenmore feet fit perfectly as well, so if you have a Sears in your area, you can pick up any variety you might need!
The auto threading works beautifully, and I have had minimal issues with thread catching during heavy usage (which was an ongoing problem with both my Singer and Kenmore). My only gripe is that the retractable spool holder is too short for some of my thread spools, but I just stuck a drinking straw over it and resolved that issue in 5 seconds. The feed dogs are a little intense at times, so if you use a lot of stretch fabric, it might give you a bit of grief.
It's lightweight, streamlined and simple. This is the perfect machine for a beginner or for a serious sewer who needs a good backup for basic jobs. The price can't be beat for the quality of this machine. I would give it more stars if there were an option!"
It got the job done.
Works great and shipped quickly.
The instructions for using the needle threader are awful and difficult to follow.
"My daughter uses it all the time, sewing by itself is a tricky trade so any machine will give a new sewer a steep learning curve.  For the money its a quality machine."
"Great machine for beginners and casual sewers.  Easy to use, instructions that make sense, and reliable as all get out."
"So far so good, however I don't have it that long.  I will let you in a year how it's doing.  Susan"
Great little travel machine
Very user-friendly!
My new sewing machine
works great
It was a gift and I am sure that the person liked it.
"Thank you, my wife loves this item and I would certainly recommend this item."
It's easy to use and affordable! My wife loved it!
Very durable machine. my wife uses all the time with out any problems
Does everything I need it do
"This replaced an old  Singer portable machine I had from the 80's. I do have a bit of a learning curve for the threading procedure, but instructions are clear. It doesn't have a lot of bells and whistles, but that's fine for my purposes."
Very good
"My first sewing machine and I am so happy with it! I sewed for my first time with this and with a complex project and it was wonderful. There are even youtube videos that showed me how to load it with the thread (told you it was my first time) because the directions were too confusing for this beginner! I'll have to admit, part of me wishes I would have gotten a Singer, but only because it's been around for a long time and it's the brand you think of when you think of a sewing machine. :) But seriously, this worked great for me!"
Bought it for my daughter and she loves it. Easy to use and quiet. Not a heavy as my old portable which is nice.
perfect for my 8 yr. old grand daughter as her 1st learning sewing machine...she said it's perfect....great starter machine ....
Amazing little sewing machine for the price - and I am a professional seamstress with a business.  I would buy another one of these again over some of the computerized machines that cost 5 - 10 times more!
Nice machine!!!! RECOMMENDED
Great product
Looove my Brother XL260I sewing machine. I was new to sewing and was able to start sewing almost immediately. One of my favorite gifts....super fun trying new projects on this.
I love this machine! I taught myself how to sew on it. I had learned the very basics as a child but was essentially starting from scratch and the instructions along with some youtube tutorials have brought me up to a proficient novice status.
"This is my first sewing machine, so I'm a beginner! I'm currently learning to sew Minky Baby Blankets and so far so good! Still a little tricky but that's only because I've never done it before. But in no time I'll be making those blankets perfect!"
"This sewing machine makes learning how to sew incredibly easy. I didn't give it five stars only because sometimes the thread gets stuck underneath and it's incredibly difficult to remove it. Other than that, it works great."
I'm a beginner sewer and this machine has been great. Very easy to use and the needle threader has been amazing!
Wonderful sewing machine.  Everything I expected.  Easy to move.  Recommend this item to any beginner. (including myself).
Bueno
"I am completely sewing illeterate. I bought this machine because I got fed up of high alteration charges. I am still learning to sew but the instructions are easy to follow. I've messed upa few times but the machine is not so easy to break.
The stitches are neat. It's very portable. Gets at up in a minute. Definitely recommend it for beginners like me."
"This is basic unit but works really well, does not bog on heavy materials, this is a great model"
My wife likes it
Very easy to use; I haven't sewn in years and had no trouble getting started with this machine.
"Great sewing machine, works well. The only issue is that you have to push the knob down and keep it down to go in reverse which is hard when you need to use two hands to guide the fabric as well."
"I love this product, easy to use. "
Bought it for my wife and she loves it. Fast learning sewing machine. Taught herself from YouTube on her kindle!
Mom still can't get it to thread right
"I bought this machine on the advice of a stranger on the internet.  Best.  Decision.  EVER.

I had an old Bernette 56 that my mother-in-law handed down to me, and it was completely inoperable, so I wanted a good machine within a small budget. I'm completely new to sewing, so you can imagine how scary it was to be spending money on something I didn't really know how to use.  Out of the box, the machine was beautiful and the direction were perfectly clear.  It's extremely intuitive.  I love the easy bobbin winder and drop in bobbin case!  I also really love that there are so many stitches!

All in all, this machine is excellent for beginners.  It's easy, and extremely fun to use!  I look forward to sewing all kinds of crazy things, especially cosplay outfits!"
UNTIL NOW MY WIFE JUST TRY IT WITH A COUPLE OF BASIC STITCHES.
Very easy to use.
"I recieved my new brother xl 2600i.. Its very comportable, easy to use..Im very happy to have this.. Brother brand is the best!! I sew different  cloth. Thin, thick , jeans but they use different needle..! so, i give 5 star.."
Great starter machine. I have no experience and have learned so much with taking my machine to class. Very user friendly.
I'm a beginner and this machine works great for me.
works like a dream
"Had purchased another machine by another brand several years ago in hopes of learning to sew.  The machine was very frustrating with the bobbin and the casing continually popping out.  The machine continually jammed the material as it got botched on the bobbin area.  I attributed this to my inexperience and failure to sew.  Finally the wheel jammed and my husband encouraged to purchase a new machine.  The reviews on this Brother machine were excellent.  The machine arrived and was very simple to thread, and to fill the bobbins.  The bobbin is under the needle area and not front loading.  I have had no problems with this machine and I have realized how easy sewing can be with the right machine!"
"So far, excellent, using daily so will have to see in the future."
Way beyond what's needed for someone who is starting out. PERFECT.
"Daughter has been using for a while now, and this is a great little starter, or just having a machine around the house product."
It's light in weight but I  spent lot of time to put thread in needle but positively once I learnt it will be great . I luv this machine good to order
It works well
Complicated and didn't sew well. Returned it.
"I have had this machine for almost a month - it's been great :) I'm not an expert at sewing, but this little machine does a great job. I'm very happy with my purchase.  It isn't too noisy considering the price. I only wish I knew how to tighten the foot a little, it has become loose and I don't know how to fix it (yet) :)"
Great machine
Great products and great service
This is exactly what I was looking for. Simple to learn how to use. Perfect for what I need it.
"This is a wonderful machine for beginners and has a great price to match. I've had starts and stops with learning to sew over the years but have grown in leaps and bounds since taking an actual sewing class. Now I just want to sew and create all the time! This machine works very well for all around basic sewing but not meant for multiple layers or thick fabric. Even if you try to use the appropriate needle, the machine will jam right up and won't want to feed the material through. You can try to coax it along and help by pulling from the other end but this may or may not work. I have made pillowcases, and a shirt from a pattern that had a collar and sleeves, cuffs, a hem, and front band with buttons.  The collar gave me some issues because I had extra fabric bunched in there (my mistake), so it didn't want to feed the material through, but I eventually got it. With the shirt I had some occasional tension issues that were resolved just from rethreading the upper thread. Often times when it's jamming for me, it's the upper thread coming off the hooks, more so than the bobbin jamming. So just keep an eye out for that and make sure nothing is loose. This probably applies to many other machines. In the future I will probably get a computerized sewing machine that can handle more heavy duty stuff but for now this is all I need to learn sewing and make light to medium weight clothes, bags, and pillowcases."
My 9 year old kid just told me to give this a 4 1/2 star but I always round down.  She uses this thing constantly and says it works great.  I know nothing about it so I'm just relaying her message.
Great machine for a beginner!
Very good one
"This is my initial review. I wanted an inexpensive machine to learn to sew on - having never sewn except by hand.  My purpose is to take in the waistbands of pants and shorts since I'm a 35 and most things I buy come in 34 (too tight) or 36 (falling down).

I also wanted to learn to alter shirts since I have tiny ,Trex length arms and have to roll up my cuffs all the time  .  ;)

Following the instructions, I got this threaded and ready to go in 30 minutes and following two short videos I found on YouTube, I was able to take in 3 pairs of shorts successfully.

They aren't beautiful, but they stay up without constant retying and tugging.

The instructions are straightforward to follow. The needle threader is quite helpful.

Next up - hemming some jeans since my legs are also in the in between length of 29""."
lite & compact with all the attachments I will ever need.  I cannot leave it up so being able to set up quickly & take down is important for me.
great
Great buy.
I really love my sewing machine..I even use and review it on my blog.. www.ceceliasspot.com
Nice
Easy to use. Meet my expectations. Love it!
Simple to use
Love this machine!! Very easy sewing machine for beginners or week-end seamstress.
She loves it.
"For the price and the options you get with the machine, this is definitely a FANTASTIC starter machine. I can't recommend this machine enough. When I was kid (like 10 years ago), my mom bought a basic Kenmore sewing machine and it was terrible. I remember she used to get so frustrated with it and eventually just got rid of the stupid thing. My point is don't just buy a cheap starter machine because you want one. You really do pay for what you get so do your research. When I first started researching, I was SO overwhelmed by the amount of choices but anytime I googled sewing machine reviews, this one always made the top 10. You need to find a machine that fits what you're looking to do. If you're looking to learn to sew on a good machine with potential for growth, then this is a serious contender. And if you're just starting, take it from me... You don't want to spend tons of money on a machine with all the bells and whistles. You won't know what do with half of them and the manual will just be gibberish.

What initially drew me to this particular sewing machine was the choice of stitches. It was my first sewing machine and I wanted something basic, handy and sturdy. I also didn't want to spend too much in case I discovered sewing wasn't my calling in life. I'm happy to say 3 years later... It exceeded all my requirements (and I'm a fairly good sewer, too) and is still a great little machine. I always notice that no one talks about how the machine holds up in a couple years, which was my biggest concern, so that's why I waited so long to right a review.

The machine is pretty basic in it's offerings. It only offers 25 stitches and only comes with a couple of foot options. I bought the machine because I wanted to make a quilt (yes, my first sewing project was a quilt... a BIG quilt) and although my quilt design was pretty simply, I thought the machine handled it well. I didn't feel like I had to push and pull the quilt through while I machine quilted. Now that being said, in more recent months, I've had some issues sewing thicker materials. But I didn't really take the time early on to maintain my machine and clean it, so I figure some of my issues are self made.

In the 3 years I've had my machine, I've made 8 twin-sized quilts, 2 full-size quilts, countless clothing items and even a passport cover. Needless to say, I've gotten my $80 out of it and I feel like it's proved itself a sturdy mate for my sewing needs. I really wish I could say the same for my other sewing supplies (don't even get me started on irons). It's super lightweight and surprisingly small so storage hasn't been an issue. The lightweight design also makes it a good traveling machine (mine moved 1700 miles from Chicago to Las Vegas with no lasting effects.. and I didn't have a traveling bag or cover).

So it terms of use, I've been pretty rough on this little guy and it has been a trooper. I love it.

I like the stitch quality, it puts out a strong stitch but sometimes I find it hard to stitch in a straight line. However, I can't walk in a straight line so I don't know if it's necessarily the machine. The other stitches are nice too. I've used all of the stitches at one point in my sewing career so I can happily say they all work well. The fancy ones are pretty cool and give you a nice change of the boring stitch-in-a-straight-line one. The buttonhole feature works well too and is easy to use. However, the presser foot is plastic and sometimes seems a little flimsy.

I didn't realize it came with a needle threader until after I got it and it's been delightful. I can't thread needles to save my life so it's easily my favorite feature on the machine. My second favorite feature is the little drawing that show you how to thread the machine. I find this to be incredibly helpful if you decide to sew intoxicated or exhausted (not that I have experience in those). It's easy to thread and I'm confident any normal, sane person easily memorize it without any trouble. But the pictures on the machine are helpful.

My biggest issue with the machine is thread tension. I had so many issues with thread tension early on that I almost threw the machine across the room. And I found the manual extremely unhelpful for this part. My stitches didn't look like the stitches in the picture so I was turning knobs the wrong directions and making the problem worse. I did finally figure the problem out... the best advice I can give is find a tension that works and just leave it. Don't touch the knob! Better yet, don't even look at it. Don't even think about looking at it. Another tidbit when it comes to thread tension: ALWAYS check your bobbin first. I don't know how many times I messed and messed with the stupid knob when my issue related to the bobbin.

The bobbins are incredibly easy to make and you just use the foot pedal. I didn't really like the bobbins that came with the machine so I ordered some separately. The bobbins, like everything else on this machine, are plastic. If you are looking for a machine that doesn't have a lot of plastic, this may not before you. So. Much. Plastic.

Despite the amount of plastic and my issues with the thread tension, I have no regrets about this machine. This machine taught me to sew and I'm proud to say, I've outgrown it. I'm ready for a pretty, computerized machine with all the bells and whistles. I'm definitely keeping Old Faithful because I'd like to taking some sewing classes and this will be my travel buddy. To be honest, I will probably keep this machine forever. Everyone needs a good basic, handy, sturdy sewing machine."
"This thing is excellent. I'd never sewed before using this and after a 10 minute tutorial video that I watched, I was sewing patches onto fabric with no difficulty."
very good machine
"Solid basic sewing machine.  Works well for hems, seams, patches - all the things a parent ends up having to do for their scout.  Adjustable tension is repeatable so you can get patches sewn on uniforms without fuzz on the back.  Even handles satin surprisingly well."
"Brother XL2600I Review

Should you prefer a sewing machine that's really simple to use, the Brother XL2600I is designed for you. It's more than enough decorating stitches for light quilt-making, simple sewing, and also some hobby sewing. With a weight of just eleven pounds and priced lower than $100, it is well suited for someone who desires a sewing machine they can effortlessly move around and then stow very easily.

It's also an excellent machine for kids since it offers sufficient variety of features that will have them engaged, plus it is strong and will go longer compared to smaller sized sewing machines developed specifically for them.

Sew style

The number of the stitches that include any sewing machine regularly define its constraints when it comes to creativity plus crafting. This machine is sold with twenty-five built-in stitches plus one of the most useful combinations of stitch kinds (utility, ornamental, and antique) within this price range.

Stitch patterns include one-step buttonhole, zigzag, blind hem, 2 stretching stitches for dealing with jersey plus knits, shell tuck, flexible shell tuck, dual action, linking, plus a range of ornamental stitches.

Brother XL2600I Presser Feet

This sewing machine comes completed with five distinct presser feet. Ordinarily a common presser foot can be utilised for many of one's projects. But there will be times when you will want the fabric to be equipped to move in a number of directions, like when creating button holes.

During these scenarios is where the extra presser feet will come in useful. They'll help to make the distinctive jobs easier. The snap on the style of presser feet this sewing machine is sold with are the narrow hemmer, blind stitch, button sewing, zipper, and buttonhole presser foot.

Options that come with Brother XL2600I

With regards to sizes, the opposite lever and the option switch are really easy to use. This is another reason how come the Brother XL2600I is ideal for children. It can cope with more substantial and light in weight materials.

This particular sewing machine has been developed to be as easy to use as it can be. It's got a drop in bobbin system, automated needle threader, changeable stitch measurements dials, and an inbuilt line cutter with a decent scale reverse press button on the view of the new sewing machine.

It is efficient at dual needle sewing just like the higher priced types. But in contrast to the more expensive models, it has the twin needle addition incorporated. By removing its cover plate, you'll be able to slide pant legs as well as sleeves under the needle for free arm sewing.

The Brother XL2600I has a built in holding handlebar to transport this device very easily around, and integrated soft light above the workspace so you can effortlessly see that which you are doing. A number of different components are provided standard with this particular machine including needles, extra bobbins, darning plate, and a screwdriver. For a light machine, the Brother XL2600I sticks out as being a great option for people who want straightforward sewing quality. Please visit www.goodsewingmachines.org to discover all the info about sewing machines."
Great
Excellent
"This machine does everything and more a beginner needs, but capable of producing great results for an experienced sewer!  If you've never sewn before the manual could be a little confusing at times, but as an experienced sewer, I was able to get the machine right out of the box and take off sewing with it.  For the price, you can't beat this machine.  Lightweight, and great machine all around."
affordable and works well although I have not yet used ALL it's functions
Great machine unbeatable for the money. For most things sews as well as our Bernina.
Great machine
"Great.  Haven't used it yet, but will be great for my granddaughter."
Can't beat the price. Works good for single guys that have to repair things. Thanks Ed
Arrived on time & ideal for a light portable machine.
"Great little sewing machine, just what I wanted for the motorhome."
"So far I love it and yes, some of us do need an auto needle threader."
Very disappointed. The bulb on my machine blew the first time I tried to use it and now I'm limited in how much I can do. I am not sure yet how I feel about the over all performance. Would give less stars but delivery was prompt.
"Ok for a starter machine but if you're going to be sewing a lot or sewing thicker fabrics, invest a little more money on something else. It's a very cheap plastic feeling machine that breaks if you just show it 2 layers of cotton. I thought about taking it in to get fixed once and it was going to be almost as much as I paid for it. Fine if you are just sewing thin fabrics, are just learning, or don't sew a lot. Otherwise move up a model or two."
This machine broke after a few uses.  I ran through all the trouble shooting sections and my thread keeps getting stuck in the mechanism under the sewing plate.
Excellent machine for beginners!
"Disappointment. Too  much plastic, bobbin moves around, top thread gets caught in top guide, so the thtead rips frequently. To sew knit Jersey well is impossible, fabric gets caught and stuck. I bought this as a light travelling machine so I don't have to take my big Janome - I'd rather schlepp around the big machine than put up with this one. Have returned it after two days."
"Very cheaply made, returned and ordered the singer instead and am very pleased"
I don't know much about sewing but I can surely learn with ease with this  guy. I love it.
It is a piece of junk.  I have had it in the repair shop 5 times 3 of them in the last two months.  Still under warranty.  Would not recommend this machine to my worst enemy.
Excellent product no problems and shipped on time
Received on time---Ordered for my wife per request and she was pleased with quality!!
"Got this as a present for my daughter because she was sewing things by hand. Since getting the machine she has started to make clothes an costumes for the kids and friends. It took a little bit of time to apply the instruction book to the machine controls, but once she figured it out it was sew time. She is really happy with it so it was a good money spent."
"I need Stephan Hawken to help me set it up,  Works great though"
It work great
fantastic easy little machine. great value
Everything it is supposed to be. Works just great. Well worth the money and it arrived in a very timely manor. Very happy with it and would recommend it to anyone that does repairs or household sewing chores.
Used 3 times. Broken already.
i had always used for the last 50 years. this machine was a lttle diifficult to use at first.
Excellent sewing machine for beginners at a very reasonable price with many useful functions. I would recommend also getting a supplementary sewing kit (I purchased the Singer Essentials kit) to keep all of the accessories and whatnot organized.
Good
"I bought the first Brother XL2600i because I was impressed with the various features. However, I tried using the buttonhole attachment and it did not work. I asked for a replacement  which was processed immediately.  The second machine  was no better. I am an experienced seamstress, but I had someone else check it for me, but it still wouldn't function properly.  I returned it and ordered another brand which is excellent. I had a perfect buttonhole the first time. Thanks to Amazon for their excellent service."
Sews well for the price. I wanted a machine that was relatively simple for my granddaughter to learn how to sew on.
Could never get the tension set correct.
I love it it's great for a beginner like myself. It was easy for me to use and also easy to learn!
We bought this sewing machine for my picky mother-in-law and she said she loves it... Need I say more
I purchased this for my 10 year old daughter. It is perfect for a beginner to average seamstress. Has plenty of stich options and is easy to use.
EXCELENTE..
Love it!  I'm a enthusiastic novice when it comes to sewing.  I've been using a hand my down from my MIL that was 40 years old and always struggled but I figured that was because I was self teaching.  When it died my husband bought me this machine and it is amazing!  I one afternoon I whipped out a baby quilt that would have taken me weeks with my old machine. It is light weight and easy to store (with 2 kids under 4 I don't have a craft table or space).  It's easy to use and amazing!
For the price it is a gem.  My wife has loved using this machine.  She has taken to making clothes for people for birthday presents as well as for baby showers.  Its worked very well for what you should expect in this price range.
"The machine is beautiful, the stitching is smooth and the machine is quite.  Someone gave me a Brothers that she had for at least 5 years  and i gave it to my daughter when she was in college; 20 years later i visited her and needed to use her machine and it was just as smooth and quite as when she first got it.  I forgot how much i had liked this machine.  This was the deciding moment of returning to the Brothers which over the years has become more light weight which is nice also.  I am truly enjoying it."
"Was winding a bobbin within 10 minutes and doing practice stitches 10 minutes later. The machine was quick to assess and learn the basics and get going. The needle threading trick is wonderful for old eyes.  Was able to do some quick hem jobs and quick repair work before I i have a hard look through the manual. But really enjoy what I have accomplished with is so far (4+ hours, ha ha). I'll change it if things start going south. Was a heavy sewer in my youth, want to start up again and hope this gets me back ""in the saddle""....."
Bought this for my grand daughter but I find myself using it more than her. Love this machine
Easy to use and thread takes a bit of time to get the hang of it but I love how simple  it is
"I purchased this machine for my 8 year old niece. I've been showing her how to sew the last few weeks on my 35+ year old Viking 5710. She seemed to be getting the concepts, so we decided it would be good to have her own machine. When I gave it to her, I left her alone with it for half an hour. She was able to thread the machine, sew forwards & backwards, and even figured out the zig zag. No problem with how to plug it in, set it up, and work the foot peddle. That was as much as I'd show her so far on my machine! She was very delighted with her new machine, and couldn't wait to take it home with her.  It's very light weight, and easy to move.  While this may not be for an un-coached beginner, I would definitely recommend this machine for a novice who is ready to take it home and start having some fun.  It does not come with a case, and would recommend you get something to protect the machine when not in use. Happy Sewing!"
"love this sewing machine! As a new sewer and someone who will probably never do any big projects, this was a perfect starter and works great! Have already made some burp cloths, blankets and bows with it."
"I was using this machinefor a few months and it was working okay, then I decided to sew two pieces of fabric together and something on the inside snapped and it was completely broken and useless from that point on. I tried to contact Brother multiple times but they wouldn't do anything and ended up canceling my warranty somehow. I do not recommend this product, go with a Singer instead."
Great for a beginner like me!
"It sews ""pleather"" and all other common fabrics easily.
Watch YouTube videos for tips.
Watching TV or YouTube while sewing will make you one with your project.  And you'll get to find out how to remove sewing thread from your fingers."
"I got this machine a few years ago (2011?), and it's held up really well. I've made all sorts of things on it, including a quilt, two bathing suits, curtains, and a soft book. The only things I've had trouble sewing over were very thick fabric, velcro, and elastic. However, I was able to sew over the velcro and elastic easily once I bought some sharp needles. With the thick fabric, I just sew very slowly. I've mended jeans on it (one layer of fabric plus a patch), but I wouldn't sew, for example, a pair of jeans because the machine isn't powerful enough. I do have issues seeing button holes on it, but that's more likely user error."
Very happy with this purchase.  This was my first machine and I am brand new to sewing.  Setup and getting the first stitch was very simple. No issues with anything.  Very good purchase would buy this again!
Like it a lot
I'm not a pro but I do really like to sew. It's pretty stable and good quality
Is fine
Perfect for the beginner sewer!
Very easy to use!
Excellent machine balancing features with price. A great first machine for young and old alike. Great value.
Thank you.
"Love it, though only use a few times, very affordable. Hope there is CD with the package to demonstrate how to use it many feathers, I have to search on web to find how to use it."
Great product and fast delivery
"This is my very first sewing machine, I never used one of these before, and I like  it very much. I'm still learning and practicing, and making little progress. It is just a matter of time that I can make everything I want. It was useful for me watching some tutorial videos on youtube about this machine."
My Mother was the seamstress not me - but the machine is great and easy to use for someone like me who hates to sew...this is a much cheaper alternative for me...taking clothes to a seamstress for alterations is expensive! The machine paid for itself with just taking in 3 pair of slacks! Glad I bought it!
"Very light, but works amazing. My wife loves it. So many functions, much better than the old one we had for twenty years."
This machine is difficult to load the bobbin and to get it to thread correctly without getting bound up.  Probably not the best working sewing machine for beginners unless you are pretty mechanically savvy so you can load and work the sewing machine without the bobbin thread getting waded up.
Great
"If you don't know how to sew, this is a good firs machine. Needs better and more clear instructions for how to thread the machine."
perfect!!!!
Ordered this for my girlfriend. She loves it. It's perfectly suitable for fitting and fixing your clothes. It has plenty of stiching options and is easy to thread. Good buy.
Easy to use!
great
"I truly HATE this machine!! This machine is only useful in a very limited manner.  It is suitable for simple mending, barely, and not much else.  If you are looking to learn to sew, this is not a machine as a sewing instructor that I would recommend as it has too many limitations.  The straight stitch options are fixed stitch length as are the zig-zag options.  Realistically, the smaller available settings are useless for the most part, which only leaves about 2 decent stitch choices of straight and zig-zag.  This is a machine that if a student has chosen it, I refuse to teach them on as it is very frustrating to work with.  For a little more money (over $150 on sale and up), there  is so much more to be offered."
I am an amateur sewer and this is my first machine. It is safe to say that I love it and I am pretty much obsessed. It is really easy to use and the directions help a lot for those who have never used a machine. It does a lot of things and I am very happy with it. It is safe to say that I made a great choice in choosing this machine. I always heard Brother was a great reliable brand and now I believe it.
Excellent value.  Loved it.
Best little sewing machine I ever had.  The Bobbin quit after about a year but could be fixed.  It is so easy to thread and use
"Perfect f for beginners, I'm now gotten the hang of all the threaded and tension width and stitching."
good
The machine is an absolute blast always love having acquired amazon has the best deals
I have had this machine for just over a month. I have tried just about every combination to try to get the right tension for the straight stitch and like others have been unsuccessful.  I would definitely not recommend this machine to anyone.  I am a beginner but I even took it to a sewing machine expert to have them try.  They were also unsuccessful.  Look elsewhere if you want a stress free experience.
I love it I've got to work on learning all the great attachments
Girl friend loves it
"I purchased this for my wife. Her 18yr old Brother machine had seen better days.
She is very happy, the price was excellent, so I am happy."
so much machine for so little money.  a great investment
Everything is great! Thank you!
This sewing machine is so easy to use and has been great for me for 5 years.
The tension sucks. Has the same issues as my 13-year-old Brother. Wish i had just dropped the money on a high-end machine...or a good tailor
Love my new sowing machine!
I bought it as a gift for my mother and she loves it. Its sturdy and dependable. Haven't had any issues. I would recommend the buy.
"great machine for the price.  I have never sewn anything before, this made it easy to do basic sewing of double thick material.  I was sewing outdoor material that is twice as thick as denim and the machine handled the project well once I got a needle suitable for extra thick material.  I would highly recommend this machine"
"Easy to use, though I haven't tried the button feature yet."
I bought this for my wife and she seems to love it. She liked the fact that it had several sewing patterns and it was easy to set up. I think this machine will last her for LOOONG time. Definitely worth the price.
"With this  machine I am static, full of joy, the machine is every thing that I dream , very happy"
"I purchased this for my wife and she absolutely like it, has more functions than my machine and a threader included."
"I love it! It's really my first sewing machine, and it feels so fancy. I haven't had any issues and there are so many different stitches!"
Not the best in terms of option but a very good starter Sewing machine.
"I am glad I bought this machine. It's been a long time since I've used one. There are some stitching I have never used before, but can't wait to try. The machine was easy to thread and wound the bobbins. It is very was to switch between stitching with just a turn of a button. I am really enjoying this machine. Making Barbie clothes is much easier now. Barbie has never look so good! Can't wait to try something larger!"
works great
This is a great little machine for the price -- my daughter has been using it for 2 years and it's still working like a charm!
"It was hard for me to choose how many, ""stars"" to give this item.  I bought this sewing machine for my husband, (I was never taught how to use a sewing machine and really have no interest in learning now) so forgive me if I don't use the correct terminology.  My husband really liked the button hole feature and how it could automatically thread the needle. There were many very useful You Tube videos that demonstrated how to use the different features of this machine. The first item he made included a zipper, which he said was really easy to incorporate using this machine.
So why the 2 star rating?  Because while sewing his second item, the machine broke.  He wasn't an extremely heavy material like denim, but it wasn't cotton either, (it was canvas).
I spent a lot of time reading through the Amazon reviews of this machine when trying to determine if it would meet my husband's need.  The jury seemed to be split on whether the machine could handle heavier fabrics like jeans and canvas; some reviews said absolutely not, while others said they've sown these materials with no problems.  I ended up buying the machine with the hope that we would fall in the, ""it works with no problems"" group, however t I knew there was a possibility of him falling into the other group as well.  So I'm bummed that he ended up in the latter group, but I don't regret buying the machine because if it had been able to handle the canvas, my husband would have given it 5 stars."
"This is a nice, quiet machine.  It runs smoothly and sews very quickly.  It was a good price.  It is a good weight and doesn't bounce around on the table.  It was a great purchase.  Thanks Brother."
"This is a wonderful sewing machine! It came with everything promised, brand new and shiny! So far, I have been able to sew clothes and bathing suits with no problems. And a big plus, it's cheaper here than I could find in any store near me. I've had it for a few months now and..I love this thing!"
JUST LEARNING TO SEW. THIS MACHINE IS EASY TO USE.
"Extremely happy with this purchase. Last time I moved I lost my sewing machine and was really missing it. My last sewing machine was bought when I was a teenager in the 70's (I know, I just dated myself!) and it was such a good machine and reliable. Was sad when I got to my home and didn't have it. This one works great for me. It does everything I need it to do, and it's great to have one around again as there are always little jobs that need to be done."
Perfect
"The machine broke after about 6 months.  According to the repair people the timing was off 180 degrees.  After the repair it worked about less than 2 hours of sewing.  Since it was after 12 months the support people just laughed.  Note, the 25 year limited parts warranty only applies to the plastic case of the sewing machine."
My wife love it
Excellent quality. Excellent machine for beginners and experienced sewers. Bring lots of accessories. I bought an additional of gift to my mom.
"I like this machine a lot. A simple, cheap and dependable product. I found it easy to use and uncomplicated to switch around from one working  setting to another. Not designed for a serious experienced person ... but great for occasional repairs and regular use by regular people like me. Lol"
I love this sewing machine! It's easy to use and light weight!
"I purchased this sewing machine to do basic repairs and maybe a little project here or there.

This machine comes with everything that is needed to get started, except for thread, of course, although I did buy some extra needles and bobbins. One thing that is a real issue for me on sewing machines is the placement of the reverse button, I have used machines that have them in some really awkward locations, but this is placed well, not cumbersome at all.

The repairs that I do with it are for sewing up holes that form in the under-arm sections of t-shirts, various other things like sewing the handles back onto a laundry bag, and repairing denim jeans, Carhartts to be specific - and this unit chews through it all, even when repairing a belt loop on jeans."
"Wonderful !  I decided I wanted to return to sewing after several decades away from it.  This machine was perfect for explaining use, and although I am still learning about all it does, I have been able to use for my first few projects."
"nice machineeeeeeee!
I have already saw my first dress EVER with it!
Thank you!"
"This sewing machine was a birthday gift for my girlfriend, who is beginning  I work on more advanced pieces as a theatre technician. So far, she has loved it. I would reccomend this sewing machine for intermediate level work with sewing, and it hasn't caused a problem yet."
Never buy waste of money is not working at all.
GAVE AS GIFT - GETS GOOD REVIEWS
"Birthday gift for my grand Daughter. Just what she wanted and she was so happy she cried. Great machine, very forgiving for a novice seamstress.
Good lighting, lots of accessories. The drop-in bobbin is a dream. Follow the instruction and save yourself some confusion! Shipping was super-fast and very well packed. Zero damage. The instruction manual could be a little easier to read. They put Spanish and English on the same page. Maybe separate and in the back of the book or the front would be an improvement. I do recommend this machine. Ronpoppa"
"Perfect, my wife owns one and now everybody in the family wants to get one as well"
Good purchase for a beginner
light and easy to use.
Perfect for the price!
LOVE THIS.  LIGHT WEIGHT AND VERY SIMPLE.
Bought this for my mother and she ended up teaching me how to use it. Very user friendly
I bought this as a present for my girlfriend and she likes it but says that it isn't very sturdy and requires some adjusting to use right.  Otherwise a good value.
"We bought this machines in 2013. Right from the day we received it, it could not do straight stitches. We have been playing with the dials for almost 2 years and we have the same problem. When the upper thread goes right, the lower thread goes so loose that it comes apart. When we get the lower thread fixed, the upper one goes loose and comes apart. Initially we thought we were doing something wrong, so we had a friend look into it. After spending an hour trying to get stitches correct, she was not able to fix it either. Recently I called Brother tech support, they walked me through some steps to get the stitches right, still no luck. Tech Support confirmed that the machines is defective and informed me that their warranty does not cover it because I bought it from Amazon.

At this point I am trying to return it but don't know if the seller will take it back because it's been a long time. What a pain in the neck!"
bien
Purchased this for my daughter. Worked three times and that was it. Don't bother.
"Very good machine for the price. I knew very little about sewing before purchasing this & managed to make a few projects successfully in the first couple of weeks. I will say that the manual doesn't provide much instruction for adjusting the tension- it was really just trial and error for me until the stitching appeared to be smooth & tight. I haven't gotten too complicated with it so I'm sure to run into a few more snafus but I'm impressed so far. SO easy to thread & change needles, bobbins, etc."
"It's so cute, easy to use, lightweight, very versatile, I love it!"
"I bought 5 for my granddaughters ages 10 - 16 for Christmas.  The price was so reasonable that I expected it might be a little lacking in quality.  But to my pleasant surprise, the machines are sturdy, easy to use, and the girls are all enjoying learning to sew."
"It already needs adjustment , The bobbin is not working well and jumps.  I need professional help"
"Love it! Very simple to use. I haven't sewn since high school but wanted to get back into it. I had no trouble reading the manual, I'm not sure why a lot of people did. For the price, it's a great machine."
"I got this machine after spending several frustrating hours trying to get a Lil Sew n Sew machine to work.  After smoke started coming through my ears, I gave up and made the wise decision to purchase this Brother Sewing Machine.

I was able to complete my sewing project with one attempt.  Just read the instructions, and everything else will be a breeze.  Threading the machine was easy and the bobbin thread take up was quite efficient too.

It works beautifully and has so many features that a novice like myself will likely never use.  However, it is great to have such a great sewing machine and one that works at that.

After receiving this machine, I have been inspired to sharpen my sewing skills so that I can actually make things with it."
"Powerful enough for two homemaker. I can fix my jeans, and trouser. Love the invisible stich mode."
"Bought this sewing machine for a friend, she really likes it. I believe she had a lower model than this and had it for several years. She's hoping this one has the same longevity. It does the job well though. So that's a plus."
I love this  brother
"You get what you pay for I guess. I was hoping this would make a good second machine for classes and retreats. It was easy to use  but I found the decorative stitches to be so narrow as to be almost useless, I could understand how to use the first 12 stitches but the others were confusing as to how to get to them. The bobbin winder on top was so stiff I was afraid it  was going to break off if I forced it. It was so light that one time leaning over it it  fell over. It is unbalanced on the back side. I also found that it would not sew through many layers of fabric (two layers of batting and 4 layers of fabric). Sounded like it was struggling and that the needle might break. It was easy to return though, no questions, no quibble. The money was back in my account before I even had the box returned."
"Excellent for the money. This machine is definitely a workhorse. I sew a lot and it works well with almost all fabrics. I wish it had more stitches,  but for everyday sewing, it is perfect."
Great starter machine!
Great sewing machine to start my 10 y.o. Grand-daughter learning to sew.  Works very well and easy to operate all of the stitches...had to try all out as soon as it arrived.
"I have several Brother sewing machines and wanted a good starter machine for my granddaughter.  I have been unable to get the tension set to sew a good, strong, pretty stitch.  Looks like I'm going to have to take it to a repair shop and see if they can set it for me.  Disappointed!!!"
Excellent!
"excellent sewing machine
I have been amazed with the quality
This type of sewing machine
It is very fast"
"Easy to use, compact and overall great quality"
It will do everything as advertised
My wife loves it.
Very nice beginner sewing machine.  The price made it a great Christmas present for my 10 year old daughter who love to sew with it!
"I love it.  It works very well, and is easy to figure out.  Nice size too.  Has all the functions I needed."
"Great sewing machine, easy to use."
Only came with one bobbin.
"My mom bought and taught me to sew using this sewing machine about six years ago. I was able to pick it up very quickly with no prior experience. from simple pillows to boutique-style clothing, I've been able to accomplish everything I could dream up using this sewing machine! Last week, my dog caused my sewing machine to crash to the tile and break (the destruction was definitely not a manufacturer defect!). I knew I would need a replacement immediately and thought I might want to upgrade, so I searched for hours and hours, comparing the features of multiple machines. In the end, I went back to this one! For a beginner/intermediate, this sewing machine is just right! There's no need search any further!"
"Just a really nice product for home use. Good instructions, nice features and a really good price."
work very well
"Used it once, now the tension cannot be adjusted! Very disappointed, and it is past the time to be able to return."
This was a gift for our 12 year old granddaughter and she loves it! She had been using my older Singer machine. This Brother machine is so quiet! She remarks about it each time we sew. It's very easy to change stitches.mI would highly recommend this machine.
Good
"Bought the machine for my mom due to easy threading, smooth sewing and not too complicated - she loves it. Has nice power and speed."
"I took a sewing class almost 7 years ago when I was a freshman in high school. I decided I wanted to try my hand at sewing again, and made this purchase. I believe the reviews and the cost are what locked my sale in.

I did slightly remember how to thread the machine. No big problem there. The guide is pretty helpful, and as others have stated the English/Spanish can get pretty confusing.

The only reason I have rated it a 4 instead of a 5, is I am having a problem with it jamming, and the thread is getting all stuck and twisted underneath the needle. Excuse my newbie talk, but the grated plate underneath the foot, is where it's jamming. I'm using two layers of cotton flannel when this happens. If somebody could enlighten me as to whether it is user error causing this? I would greatly appreciate any feedback, and change the rating if so. (:"
"The product is good and arrived safely, but the box was with serious blows and part of one side was without photo printing so that you could see the old paper.
The box does not interest me at all but is a detail that should take care when selling something."
its very friendly for the beginner.
"bought it for the girlfreind..she loves it..simple to use she told me.
And now we are BOTH happier !"
Love this!! As a beginner I found this amazingly simple to use! I've only made curtains but hey!! I still love it and appreciate the simplicity!
very good
"perfect ,easy to use"
All great
VERY GOOD PRODUCT
"I am a beginner to sewing and LOVE this machine so far.  It's fairly idiot-proof and does all the things I need it to.  It's fairly intuitive to use for stitch selection, length, width, etc.  Threading and preparing a bobbin are easy and there's even a little diagram on top in case you forget.  The machine also has many super fancy things that I have no idea how to use (like the automatic button hole sewing foot).  So truly, it may be a BIT fancier than a beginner would need.  But, on the whole, I feel like this is a machine that will last me a long time, through many uses and over many skill levels.  Love, love, love it!"
For a cheaper price this is a great machine. I've used several times and it's very easy for a beginner like myself!
"I cannot say enough good things about this machine! It was a fantastic value and it has held up to so much wear and tear. I would highly, highly recommend this product. I use it for my home business all the time and have found it to be extremely reliable. There's really no need for the fancier machines unless you're doing some sort of specialized sewing. I've sewn clothing, blankets, bows, pillow cases, purses, etc., with no issue and I've hemmed both adult and children's denim jeans with no problem. A big thumbs up from me! And if all that isn't enough, it's super small and lightweight!"
Bought this machine for 92 year old mother. She loves it.
Excelente
Great machine for a new sewer.  Has just enough to not confuse or overwhelm beginners but yet can be used by the more experienced.
"This was my very first sewing machine, I had literally never sewn before and after reading the reviews decided this would be a good starter machine.  So far, I have been right.  Being a complete novice it was all new to me but I had the machine threaded and was practice sewing within an hour.  One thing that helped me A LOT was reading all the reviews on Amazon.  You have to load the bobbin correctly for proper bottom stitching and this is the only thing I've struggled with, but when I reload it it works out fine.  As others have said the manual is not the greatest but with a little patience you should be able to get what you need.  I like the needle threader but as others have said it's not really necessary as threading the needle is pretty simple.  The only drawback I have found with this machine would be that is is not capable of heavy duty sewing, meaning very thick fabrics in multiple layers."
Nice
I bought it for a friend and she likes it. It's easy to use and does the basics very well. She had a problem with the tension but it was a matter of looking in the manual. She would recommend it for someone just starting to sew or someone doesn't care about all the bells and whistles.
Nice macine
"Great starter machine for my daughter, though it can be a little loud. Our only frustration is that it doesn't not have a manual speed control, as it takes a bit for her to get adjusted so it doesn't run her pace"
Still figuring out how to use it.
I love this machine. Its lightweight and easy to use
It a good sewing machine for basic stitches and you can go through the u tube channel to guide you to learn how to stitch.
"Easy to set up and operate.  Am a beginner, but have some experience with machines.  I didn't even have to look at the instruction booklet to thread the machine."
super love the machine!
Instructions are not very clear for a beginner with the bobbin portion. First it tells you to put the bobbin in with the start of the string outside of the bobbin. Then it says to thread into needle from inside. You can't thread from the inside of the bobbin thread is outside. It's very confusing.
My daughter who is 9 love the sewing machine she has already made a simple skirt. She understands how to use the machine with ease.
Easy to use. great price! Lots of great tutorials online!
Bought this for my mom and she loved it.
We love this sewing machine!!
"My wife loves it, uses it for many projects. This is perfect for beginners and somewhat heavy users."
"Very nice machine , easy to use!"
"This little machine has all the basics, plus it is responsive and mechanically sound.  So far I have experienced no skipped stitches, no under knotting or any other malfunction.  Love it for the price.  I am considering one for my granddaughter tool"
"Brother's make pretty good sewing machines
no problems as of yet. And the price wasn't bad either. Thanks Amazon"
exelente
Excellent for the hobbiest
"LOVE LOVE LOVE this little machine!  Exactly what I was looking for!  Traditional light bulb----not the hard for me to see LED blue light, machine speed in controlled by the foot pedal and not a lever on the front of the machine the needle has multiple positions.  Very similar to my old singer that broke, the only thing I have to get used to is the foot lift lever is on the inside---on my old one it was on the back.  This machine is easy to use, manual is easy to read and it is extremely EASY TO THREAD to needle!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  I have had it for a few weeks now and am very happy with my purchase!"
"I love this sewing machine, works great. But it does have a loud noise, so if you are looking for one that's on the quieter side, I don't recommend this. The noise doesn't really bother me."
"this is a great machine, you cant beat the price!"
Easy to set up and use.  Have had a small challenge with tension though.
"Great basic machine, using it to teach my eight year olds to sew Basic items such as pillows and pillowcases."
Bought for my daughter. She LOVES it!
"Hadn't sewn in 30 years and was able to setup, thread, and sew right away.  Directions were good.  Got all my curtains made.  Very happy with the machine."
"I haven't used sewing machines very much but setting up and using this one was a breeze! It's quieter and lighter than my Singer that broke a few years ago, but still offers a variety of stitch and foot pedal options. Directions for threading the spool and bobbin is incredibly easy as well, I was sewing in no time! Definitely recommended!"
"Got this machine for my daughter, she loves it, as she is learning to sew this machine was great, clear instructions, user friendly, would buy again. 10 out of 10."
As advertised
"I bought 5 of these for classroom use. They are very easy to use, run smoothly, and seem to be durable. This is a great entry level sewing machine."
My wife loves it.  Great little machine.
:D! Now to learn how to use....
"Easy to use, Big Bang for your buck highly recommend!"
Very easy to use. Love it!
Nice machine and easy to use.
This is the best sewing machine for everyday use.
Very good!
Fabulous machine. LOVE the built in handle.
Love this sewing machine. Super easy to set up and use.
I Love it!!! My old Brother sewing machine broke after using it for well over 20 years. Found this on Amazon decided to try this out. My first project was a small quit. No problems what so every. This machine does everything!!! Lightweight and easy to use. A beginner would have no problem with this sewing machine.
"I am heavy into crafting, I have a a silhouette Cameo, a heat press, I do needlepoint, and have always been leery of sewing for some reason but with the capabilities of my Cameo, which cuts fabrics as well, I figured I would look for an inexpensive starter machine and found this. Now I have only had it less than a week and the only peeve is the diagram for threading it but I will not knock off a star for that because I have watched videos and I'm not sure any diagram for how to thread a sewing machine would be easy. So I learned that from watching videos, (repeatedly) and got the hang of it and was able to make a little cat toy then I played around more and made a pillow! I love this little fella so far! I would say to anyone brand new to seeing to just look up videos on you tube and practice. I am excited to grow this skill and I think it was well worth just under $80.00"
"GOOD AFTERNOON, WHEN YOU LEAVE THE PRODUCT OF MIAMI"
Wonderful machine has lots of features and accessories. Love it
got it for my wife she was hand sewing everything before this and she loves it
very good
"Disclaimer:  I am the ultimate beginner.  Seriously, I didn't even know what a bobbin was prior to my adventures in sewing.  I'm fairly self sufficient though, having entirely taught myself to crochet / knit via the internet and figured I could also teach myself to sew.  Originally, I wanted to just hem some pants, shorten some curtains and fix some other odds and ends around the house.

I researched which sewing machine to purchase (within a budget for a newbie) for about a week and it came down between this one and an entry level Janome.  Online sewing forums all recommended the Janome.  Janome has an excellent reputation.  However, I liked that this one came with a light, a one hole step button sizer and an auto threading needle mechanism (it really works, really well).  For the cost difference, I could also purchase some accessories (a beautiful smaller rolling case that fits it perfectly, extra needles, extra bobbins, pins, thread and some test remnant fabric) for less than the cost of the Janome.  I figured I could also upgrade to a Janome later should I ever become a seamstress (sometime between now and never).

When the machine arrived I read the manual and watched some online videos which walked me through using every aspect of this machine (winding the bobbin, threading the machine etc).  Simply google ""Brother XL2600I videos"".

Regarding the manual, I REALLY wish they would separate the English and Spanish sections completely.  It makes for difficult reading.  Doable but difficult.  I would also recommend reading the helpful reviews here on Amazon.  I did have underside looping issues and found some tips in the reviews that helped.  It turned out my particular looping issues (thanks to the newbie factor) was because I had forgotten to lower the presser foot.

Within 2 hours I was well on my way.  Since then, not only did I get my projects done with ease but I've also since created a tote bag, some pillowcases and now want to tackle a quilt. This little machine is so much fun to use and I would recommend it to other beginners.

If I can do it, you can do it.  Sincerely!!"
"Great sewing machine for my 8 year old granddaughter, who is just learning how to sew."
Perfect starter machine!
I love this machine. Easy to use and setup.
Had machine a little over a year and has had issues with the bobbin more than one time. The first time it stayed in the shop for about a month waiting on parts that were covered under warranty to come in. Smh I'm about ready to toss it in the trash!!!
I gifted this to a woman who wanted a simple machine.  She said its worked well.
"arrived safely and packaged well. I'm a total n00b at the sewing thing tho, so not much to say about the item itself yet."
Loved the sewing machine. It is a great simple sewing machine. It does everything you need to do plus more. I am a beginner at sewing but its so simple my 10 year old knows how to thread it. I can honestly say I use it everyday. Plus it has a zipper foot and come with extra bobbins and a needles.
love it .. I have been doing so much.
I start learn working with. amazing
"Awesome sewing machine' super easy to use and affordable, arrived in 2 days!!!!! Totally buying one for my sister she's gonna be so stoked on it!!!!"
Excellent Price. Very fast delivery service.
Love it ;)
Works well. My only complaint is that when we took off some of the stickers it ripped the protective plastic over the blue part.
"I'm a super beginner at sewing and bought this as my first machine to make a simple handbag as a gift. Set up was easy so that's a plus. I started with some simple little things like a dog collar, toys, etc. Nope. Not only do I stink at sewing but this machine does not sew through much. I snapped a needle making a dog collar with thin fabric and thin flimsy nylon folded over once. I also bought a roller foot and leather needles to sew through some thin vinyl and canvas, nope...one layer of the thin vinyl and one layer of thin fabric and click click click, snap! There's no way I'm going to be able to make this simple handbag with this machine. So while it's nice to at least have a sewing machine in the house, I wasted A LOT of money on fabrics and accessories which won't be used thanks to this machine. Maybe I""m doing it wrong and someone can tell me how to use this right and with what accessories...but it just seems like there's not enough power to go through the fabric....*sigh* I won't say it's crappy because it is a nice machine and does do what it says...sorta...but if you're going to try and sew through more than 2-3 layers of thin cotton, don't get it."
excelente
"I have sewn two dresses on this machine and love love love it.

I read all the other reviews about threading, particularly the caution about the bobbin. I read the instructions carefully, then reread the posts, and threaded it just fine without issues.  I had one problem with looping but it was because fabric was too thick and the thread popped out of one of the tension holders.

Its easy to use, great for a hobby or beginner.  I am not a fan of this type of drop in bobbin, but so far its working great.  I love the automatic needle threader more than I thought I would. Foot pedal has great response, just have to play with it a little. It was a bit stiff at first, but it loosened up and I have good speed control.

I have not tried the fancy stitches requiring two needles yet. I just wanted a basic simple machine to do straight and zig zag stitching for simple costuming, and this machine is perfect for that."
I love it!
"Not at all impressed. I have been sewing for 25 ywars. This machine is a peice of crap!
Update: Stitches are loose,crappy! Motor isn't as good as my old one."
Good machine. Is there a carrier for it? These make transport from room to room easier and protect the machine from dust. Surprised it didn't come with one. Brand that does: Shark's Euro Pro
Love it!
Love it!!!
"Served my purpose for making drapes.  The stitching makes more noise than expected but did the job.  Had trouble with the automatic needle
threader; was faster to just thread the needle normally. Will check it out when I have more time."
We so pleased we purchased that machine. No any negatives were fond so far.
Awesome
good
"I fought with the tangled bobbin thread for 30 years with my old sewing machine.  Have had NO problem with this design!  A few things different than my old model, but I like this lightweight machine a lot!"
"My lovely machine, I bought it and two years I learned how to sew and I am in love with it!"
This inexpensive brother machine arrived a few days ago and I used it for the first time tonight. It is extremely lightweight with an easy to carry handle. It threads up quick with very detailed descriptions and pictures to go by. It has a beautiful stitch. I wish I had more control of the speed but it feeds fabric through easily and very nicely. I like that it is a simple machine to use but still has a few specialized stitches and a button hole attachment. I am not sure how well it would hold up if used for several hours every day but for someone like me needing to do some simple sewing it's perfect and I am very happy I got it.
Best sewing machine
I was very pleased
works great
"It's cool, for the one like me has bad eyes, it semi-automatically thread way, I just love it."
"Quick shipping, affordable and super easy to use. I have only sewn once before, and this took me about 10-15 min to set up and start sewing."
I am a 87 year old male. I have used this machine successfully two times. Information provided on YouTube and the manual was sufficient to get me started. I did not experience any difficulty. As an ex engineer I can say that this machine is very good for the price. I hope to get many years of use out of it.
Pretty and easy to use
"I have had problems with the tension since I got it, not worth returning it but it stinks."
Great for beginner users! My kids (ages 16 and 13) figured it out without the instruction manual.
So much nicer than I could have ever expected.
After using several times. The machine start skipping stitches even through all the settings are correct. There are too many plastic component inside; it is not a durable machine.
"I hadn't used a sewing machine in years and I looked at the reviews of many different ones before I finally decided on this one. I didn't want to spend a fortune, but I still needed to be able to use it for many different projects. It's really simple to set up and figure out how to get going. So far I have used it to make a taggie blanket and a bedspread for my daughter. I made both of these with minky, which can be hard to work with and this machine did just fine. I do wish it had come with a walking foot, since that would make it even easier to work with minky material. That would have made it perfect. Any beginner or advanced sewer will like this machine. Just be careful with the storage door. My daughter accidentally knocked it over and the tab that holds it closed broke off."
"I have not used this item yet, but what I have seen, looks like it would be OK"
This was bought as a gift for someone - and they told me it was too light-weight to be very useful
Nice machine
threads easy does what it was made too
Pretty easy to use. Well worth the price.
Love it . This is my first one .really easy to use to
"So far, very nice machine.  I am a complete and utter beginner at using a sewing machine, and, as others have pointed out, the manual is kind of opaque.  So the sequence of YouTube presentations by Natalie Mootz on getting started are invaluable."
So happy I made this purchase.
Love this sewing machine. This is the first sewing machine. I had made my first quilt.
This is very nice~
Works great had no issues with it yet and is used often
Perfect for my needs. I sew a little and mend and hem more. Works great. Easy to use.
good basic machine am using it to teach my grandchildren sewing.  Would not recommend for heavy duty but as a general machine it works great
Did not buy it for me I do not sew  it was for my wife and she likes it.
JUST WHAT I EXPECTED FROM THIS PRODUCT.  A GOOD WORKING MACHINE.
"I did some research before buying my first sewing machine. I ended up purchasing the Brother xl2600l for a few reasons (easy to use, price, previous reviews). I have to say - I haven't stopped sewing since I got it! I thought I'd be frustrated and trash my first projects... The directions (although lengthy) explain everything - and I found some very helpful YouTube videos to help me get started. Definitely recommend for first time sewers!"
"excellent product, i recommend"
good product
It's as easy to use as the other reviews have implied.  Great value.
Love it
my mother upgraded from an older brother model and she absolutely loves this.
"Good item, easy to learn and use."
"So far, I have pieced 7 quilt tops on this little dynamo and quilted 4 of them by machine.  I have also sewed pillow cases, garments, alterations, mending.  and assorted other sewing.  That is a lot of work to ask of an inexpensive machine like this but after more than 2 years it is still going strong and has never balked at any task."
exelente
This has been perfect as my beginner machine. Any problem I've had has been easy to fix and I love using it.
"This is such an awesome machine! It was easy to learn how to sew on, and is treating me very well! no complaints!"
"I'm a beginner. I didn't even know to START the machine. I went to YouTube and searched for ""How to start my brother XL2600i"" and THE VIDEOS WERE ABSOLUTELY AMAZING!! I started sewing my first dress last night. I learned how to use this machine within 20 minutes. The machine is very simple to use. I'm in love. I recommend! X"
very good sewing machine is lightweight and excellent their seam
Great for inexperienced sewers or enthusiasts.
"Great machine , my wife and grand daughter love it"
"Loving my new sewing machine!!! I've watched the youtube tutorials cause I'm so ignorant. Operating these machine...but i think i master it already. Worth buying,good product."
what a deal! Also bought one for friend and she loves it too!!
"Sew nice, but use you tube to learn how to begin threading,r etc."
"I am a beginner, so I am learning how to use it. It is a little confusing. But I think over all it is a good product. Make sure you purchase good thread. I visited the Brother website for recommendations."
"I haven't sewed in decades, but my whole family, including granddaughters, are quite petite, I finally broke down and bought a sewing machine.  It just got too expensive to send all our plants to the tailor.  I'm still learning, but I have shortened 6 pair of scrubs, for my daughter and several chinos for.

My only complaint is that it doesn't use a standard bobbin, so I will have to stock up on their brand."
"A great beginners machine! I've never sewed in my life and since I have to teach myself, I was looking for a simple machine. I love it and have had no problems. If you are just starting out this is a great buy."
Okay purchase
Great value.
very good machine
kept getting jammed.  Spend a little more money and get a better machine.  Ended up returning it and getting a Brother 80-Stitch Limited Edition Project Runway Computerized Sewing Machine which is an awesome machine.
No idea how this has gotten so many great reviews. I did my research before buying and thought I was getting a good machine. Instead it has been nothing but feed problems and thread issues. It is barely useable. It keeps jamming up so much that the needle starts hitting the metal plating. The bobbin does not feed correctly leading to more tangles. Trying to pull the lower thread up to sew only works half the time. I am so disappointed. I will be returning it as it has given me nothing but grief.
"Bad quality. A sewing machine should not be made entirely, and I mean ENTIRELY, of flimsy plastic. This item is so mediocre that it should be sold at toy stores. What a disappointment, I thought I was getting a decent item because of the brand behind it (Brother). I sew, and throughout so many years I never thought there was a ""regular"" sewing machine so worthless. ""Singer"" is the best, to my many years of experince. Don't go with anything else but a ""Singer""."
"I just got this sewing machine not too long ago. So far it is working great for me. I'm a beginner and I feel like this was very easy to use and understand. There is quiet a few different options, so I feel like I will grow into it as my sewing abilities improve. Very easy set up!"
"This machine is a great value. I have an old heavy Singer but needed a lightweight machine.  This one is lightweight but still able to tackle all of my projects so far, including hemming jeans.  So it does work on multiple layers and heavy fabric. Those complaining it doesn't just need to use a light touch on the foot pedal and work slowly."
love my machine
Exce;;ent purchaE.  Works well.  All it needs to do is to work well andn it does.
My first sewing machine. Easy to use.
Sewing machine works very good.  The instruction booklet leaves a lot to be desired.  The section on how to thread the needle is very poor.  Had to download a video from You Tube to be able to learn how to do it.
"Bought it for my 12 year old granddaughter. She knows how to sew and has used machines before. This one is more trouble than it's worth. Wish I hadn't bought it. I think if I could trade it in, I would get a better Brother machine."
My daughter loves it and it is truly a blessing to have this product in our home.  Looking forward to her making me lot of neat items.
Very good
I adore this machine!!! It is perfect!! Now I just need to buy me a case!! Its a must buy!!!
Freaking great machine
"I will admit, I am nearly 40 and have never used a sewing machine in my life. This purchase was prompted by my teenage daughter who wanted to make her own costumes for events that she and her friends go to. Shopping around, it was a very good deal for a simple machine we we looking for.

When it came we had a hard time getting it set up with thread. This is because we have never done it before and we both lack patience. Luckily, a friend came by who has a sewing machine (not this one) and she very quickly, without directions got it set up. So, I guess it's pretty standard. Since, we have both done it a few times and once you get the hang of it it's not difficult.

Next came our very first visit to a fabric store to see what we can create with our new machine. We picked up some simple patterns for making a dog jacket and some fleece that was on sale. The sewing machine worked perfectly.  I later went back and got some more fleece to make my own body pillow and again, no problems.

My daughter has used it a few times to sew up holes in her clothes and I even used it to sew up a tear on a leather wallet. I was worried the material would be too thick but it worked flawlessly.  We are still both practicing before we start any serious projects.

So, from someone who has never touched a sewing machine before and a 15 year old we like it very much. We have yet to try out all the features but will eventually. It the few weeks we have had it, it's already paid for itself with what we have been able to make with it.

Also, as a side but not about the product. Amazon was brilliant to deal with after a delivery error with this item. They quickly resolved the issue and am quite pleased with them about that."
"Everthing Ok, good machine, delivered rigth on time."
This is a very easy to use and affordable sewing machine. Great for learners and DIYers!
I purchased this for my granddaughter.  It is a perfect beginner machine.
would not reccommend buying. Had to get two replacements and then finally just got my money back. The stitching didn't line up both times
Just what i wanted. Very effective and easy to operate.
She loves it
"It's great, not a single complaint."
I love this sewing machine for its ease of use and ruggedness. It is a bargain price.
This is a great machine! Easy set up and very easy to use!
"This sewing machine is exactly what I thought it would be.  I've used it on multiple projects and it worked incredibly well on all of them.  The buttonhole foot was a little hard to figure out, even with the instructions in the manual, but I eventually figured it out.  Does go through some pretty thick fabric, but it does make a slight ""clunky"" sound, but it doesn't seem to effect the machines stitching at all. Overall, I love this machine, and for the price, you definitely can't beat it."
This machine is very light therefore not real stable. I have 2 Brothers that are wonderful (expensive) and decided to get this for a preteen to learn on. Very disappointing and I will teach her on mine!
I bought this for my 11 year old daughter as a starter sewing machine for Girl Scouts so that she wouldn't have to mess with mine and I find myself using this one more than my own. I love the automatic needle threaded and it has plenty of stitch options for a girl that is ready to explore the world of sewing. It was very reasonably priced. I'm mainly  writing this because I do look at the star rating and comments when I purchase products and not enough good is said of products when they are. So what I say is that I am satisfied with this purchase.
Good product!
"This is a great machine for the price. An important feature, which is often overlooked by potential buyers, is having the bobbin assembly up on top, not stuck down under your sewing fabric. Much much easier. I gave mine to my granddaughter, and I want her to find sewing a fun experience, not frustration. It is a true value.

I do agree with another reviewer about the Instruction Book being very hard to read, no matter what language you prefer.  It would be better to print each section separately, English, Spanish, Chinese, whatever.  Requiring the reader to search through sentences of eadh language when looking for an answer, as it is now.... really is nonsensical.."
good for a beginner sewing lightweight projects
"Bought it for wife. It turned out that this machine makes a lot of noises when you work with it. So called Amazon for returning it. Then, bought Singer 7258 Stylist, which is much quiet."
Purchased this because I wanted to learn to sew!  It has been a great machine!  I've had it for 4 days and have already made 2 quilt tops!  Great instructions on how to use it!
"Simple. inexpensive, easy to use. Getting the thread set up can be a bit tricky with the hook position, but no problems in otherwise. highly recommend."
"I was in the middle of a project, got the machine really fast, it was easy to figure out and it runs very smooth, also LIGHT to handle, and it did everything I wanted to do. I love it."
Works perfect. Great price and product.
"Don't get me wrong, I'm in love with my sewing machine--it's my first one ever. However, this machine is not very user friendly. The manual does not provide clear steps and the pictures aren't as helpful either. I haven't used the machine much yet, but I bought it so that I could stitch my cards. I may try to sew other things with it..."
"I don't do anything complicated with this sewing machine... we sew patches on girl scout vests and boy scout shirts for our kids, and it was simple and efficient to use for exactly one year and 8 days, and then it died (yes, 8 days out of warranty - and no, there is no wiggle room on the warranty).  Very disappointing, but I am sure we are the rare case of people who rarely use this machine, and have it die barely out of warranty."
VERY NICE.
Works great
Happy with the sewing machine.
didn't last very long before it broke
"Love it!  It has enough of the basic features for me.  I also have an industrial sewing machine, but this machine comes in handy for zig-zag, buttonhole, etc that I can't do on my industrial machine.

The only con I have with this machine is that when I sew kind of fast, the machine starts to bounce around on the table.  I'm not sure if this is just something that happens with all machine that are not actually built in to some sort of table."
this machine is junk! do NOT waste your money...
Excellent product!
Would have been nice to get a Manuel  on how to run and take care of this machine !!!
excellent product fulfilled all the expectations as it was a gift for my mother and I am delighted
My daughter-in-law loves the sewing machine.  It was purchased as a gift for her at a price I couldn't pass up.  She was ecstatic and has used it successfully since the Christmas holidays.
"Great machine for my wife, she does light duty sewing. Runs a lot smoother than a different sewing machine we purchased for around the same price. We returned that other one. Great deal."
excelente producto
"I am a complete novice when it comes to sewing with a machine. I did some sewing when I was a pre-teen (I will not disclose how long ago that was!) but nothing at all since. The first thing I decided to create was a cover for my Kitchen Aid Stand Mixer.  I admit, this project was perhaps a bit ambitious, however it came out great!  The Brother XL2600i was a breeze to operate.  I had a few issues with the thread tension and bobbin winding, but this was my fault.  Once I read over the directions again I had no problems.  I researched many machines before I settled on this one and I am not disappointed. I found it to be very easy to operate.  I would highly recommend the Brother XL2600i to anyone learning to sew with a machine.  My experience was so positive that I'm going to continue experimenting.  Next up is a simple skirt with an elastic waistband. Baby steps! So far I have only used the straight stitch but I am really looking forward to trying the buttonholer and the other more advanced stitches.  I'll update this review once I've completed a couple more projects, but so far I am very pleased with the Brother XL2600i and it's performance.  Bottom line: A great machine with great performance at a very reasonable cost."
"I love Brother Machines!

It's a really nice machine for basic stuff and more.

 I have sold some brothers machines ( models ES-2000 and XL2600I) in my country and i didn't have any complains about it. Some details in heavy works but the rest i consider this machine is a good one for basic and intermediate levels, and the quality is great, also the durability is  a good point on this machine."
Bought for my 11 year old Grand daughter.  With a little instruction she is able to use with easy.  Great machine for any sewing skill.
well satisfed--thanks
"Love it.  So much quieter than my last machine, which was also a Brother and more expensive.  This one is some sturdier and the manual is written so it's easier to understand.  I've been sewing for years, but sometimes, you still need to look at the manual.  I would recommend this machines for beginners as well as someone who's familiar with sewing."
Good machine for a great price.
Can't handle basic operations such as feeding fabric straight or sewing in reverse without getting tangled. Infuriating machine. Spend your money on a better machine.
Paid for itself in a few hours.  Works great and easy to use
Easy to understand set up/instructions.
Very happy with this purchase
My granddaughter loves it.
Yes I have done an exhaustive review of the Brother sewing machine and could see that all its appliances are alright. Thank you.
I only gave it four stars.  I thought it was going to be easy thread.  It is still wicked hard to thread the needle with my tired eyes.  I actually use a NEBO to see the hole on the needle with a magnifying glass.  Otherwise it is a good machine and is far superior to the older machine that we retired.
Good
Good
"Outstanding machine.  I took it to my Mexican house and my girlfriend (Mexican) has been making dresses, curtains, and fixing my shorts and shirts with it.  She set it up easily, and went right to work.  She is an outstanding seamstress and loves this machine.  Lightweight and easy to use is the name of the game.  The brother case I purchased is a nice combo.  We even used it to reinforce the stitching in rugs we purchased."
Love my machine
good machine - great price
Spent hours researching a good basic sewing machine at an inexpensive price.  This Brother XL2600l had consistent positive feedback on many many sites.
"as a beginner so er, this is a fantastic machine! Pretty easy to set up and user-friendly"
"For the price, this is an amazing little sewing machine ($80!).  I haven't tried out all the functions and stitches yet, but I quilted a baby sleep sack for a friend's baby shower and this easily went through 4 layers of hemmed quilting fabric (so 8 layers total), and two layers of batting when I was putting the final product together.  I haven't had any major problems with fabric bunching or tension issues like other reviews have mentioned (although I was stretching some of the thinner fabrics by hand when they were going through), and from what I've done so far the stitches are very good and hold together well.

Summary of what I consider pros:
-lightweight (especially compared to my mom's 20 year old sewing machine that I learned on)
-fairly small (I store it in a cupboard above my refrigerator), also easy to set up and use and put away
-seems well built, easy to thread and learn on, and no problems so far
-the 25 different stitch types really come in handy for hemming or quilting
-auto-threader (a little hook that pulls your thread through the needle), though a little unwieldy at first, is very accurate and fast once you get it
-thread cutter on the left side
-compartment to store extra bobbins and accessories
-comes with a summary instruction book with diagrams and pictures; also key pictures are printed on the machine itself indicating where you should thread what

The only con I can think of is that it comes with a mini-light where the needle is, which is very convenient, but gets pretty warm after being on for a while and there is no button (that I know of) to turn it off without turning off the machine.

I have another set of projects coming up which involve faux leather and cosplay costumes!  So I will try to update afterwards."
"I love this machine. It is super light, which is great for me because I move it around a bit. Comes with pretty much everything you need. Word of caution, if you're not familiar with how to use and set up a machine, this doesn't come with easy instructions. I looked a few things up online for clarification that the manual wasn't clear on.
Otherwise, this thing has so many settings and is fun to use."
"Purchased for enthusiastic 9 yr old, didn't take long for her to figure it out. Does not come with carry case. Fairly straight forward. Good Purchase."
exellent
it was a gift
Met expectation -- given as a gift.
just got it today. box was a little banged up. no issues with it yet beside 2 jams
"Super easy to set up and use right out of the box. My first project needed a stretch stitch and the switch was simple. I had no bobbin problems like some reviewers, but I did read the bobbin loading directions carefully and made sure to feed the lower thread through as instructed. I love the self-threading needle. Great price on Amazon, I'm very happy with my purchase."
Love that I was able to pull the machine out of the box and start sewing. It has great step by step directions for getting the machine threaded and ready to go.
Tried it out but have not actually sewn anything yet.
Great sewing machine
excelente
"Pile of crap. Not worth even at the low price. Constant bobbin issues, even after troubleshooting and reading the suggestions in the reviews."
"My 7 year old  daughter received this for  Chri stmas.  After a  lesson on how to use it, she is able to set it up and sew all on her own.  Great first sewing machine!  She has made pillows and wallets."
excelente producto
A bargain!
exelente
Bought as a gift.
I love it. Very easy to work.
"I got this for my granddaughter, it will be good for a life time."
Great product and great price.
"I actually purchased this machine in 2010 and just unboxed it due to health issues. I am so pleased. Instead of using the regular spool holder, I used the secondary one. It's easy to set up. Needle threader is great. Also, the you tube videos by Brother for the machine were excellent. Great value."
"I am a very beginner sewer, meaning I didn't know how to set up the thread or what dial does what. I was able to set it up by watching a few videos online, just search the name of the machine and there are plenty. I had a friend who was more experienced in sewing come over and show me a few basics as well. Just needed to be shown once and now I can do basic hems. It is very easy to use once you figure out how the moving parts work."
Great Product. Daughter's first sewing machine. Awesome Christmas Gift. Great Price....thanks Amazon.
Very happy with both the machine and the shipping.
"thanks, i love it"
"Very easy to use and its quiet, I Always had singers in the past but  I had lots of problems with them, so I wanted to try a different brand."
"Well I read quite a few reviews on this machine before I purchased it. What I really need a machine for is little things like hemming and mending. A couple of the reviews said it wasn't heavy duty. Well I just hemmed 2 pair of Levi jeans and it went through triple denim like it was flannel. I think this machine will be perfect for what I want it for. It was very easy to learn how to use it, which isn't always easy when you have used the same machine for 30 years!  For me I wouldn't hesitate to give this machine 5 stars.  I have used it several times with ease, the jeans being the most telling on how it will handle thick heavy material."
"I have only used two brand of sewing  machine since I started sewing in my teens. This is the second brother machine I've bought and have not had anything but trouble since I have had it. I ordered this sewing machine in July 2014 but just recently started using it.

I can only put the bobbin in one way, the needles doe not  stay down automatically. once you release the pedal, the feed dog  runs continously while I am threading the bobbin. I read the manual to see if i was doing something wrong but I was not. I hate to have it repaired because it is new sewing machine and the repairs would cost more than buying a sewing machine. What are my options tpo return to this sewing machine.?

justfab55@gmail.com"
Wife loves it
Sewing machines always frustrate me but this one is simple- I've just never became fluent in them.
Bought for a sewing daughter whose Singer had died.  She is happy.
This is a good little machine for the money.  It's very light so I can put it away when I want to store it.  This is not a super heavy machine and the tension can be a little cranky but certainly a good starter machine.
Having some trouble with the thread catching on the inside of the sewing machine.
I love the drop in bobbin feature. This little guy works great and very easy for new sewers
perfect
"Wife loves owning it, has not used it yet"
I buy this sewing machine for my 60yrs old Mom. Her hobby is sewing. she loves it.
"Great product, low cost.  I used this product a lot on a recent project.  Easy to use, reliable, workhorse and great value."
"so disappointed in the machine, so cheaply made.  I had a Brother many years ago that was just the most wonderful sewing machine ever
that is why I bought this one.  Nothing works well and so hard to load the bobbin.  I guess you get what you pay for."
"Love it! I am horrible at sewing, I have tried before and couldn't even thread the machine. I watched a couple youtube videos, read the manual and was sewing fairly easy. I've already made a blanket, a pillow, a plastic bag holder and now I am about to attempt a quilt. I would suggest buying a walking foot also if you are going to do any thick fabric or a blanket with batting (I just kept the presser foot up, I know not the way to do it but it worked). I like that it has a needle threader and all the different stitch types. It is also very quiet. Great machine for a new sewer like me."
product as described. Received on time.
I love my sewing machine and its sew very well wonderful machine
"I am a old man, 73, use to repair some small things and make a occasionally small cover, the needle threader works great, just utube this model and they show u how to use the fast thread and needle  to say the least, not your grama's sewing machine, user friendly  ."
Great gift for my mom and it works perfectly well!!
Awesome.  I really love my new sewing machine. Leaning how to use it every day
good for the price. I should of spent more and gotten a better pone.
Very nice
my niece wanted to learn to sew to make clothes for her kids
My daughter loves it and my wife commented on how well designed and well made it is.
"Excellent machine for a beginner like me. Didn't take long to figure out how to use this from the owner's manual provided. The pre-set tension is great, have not needed to adjust any settings for a basic straight stitch. The machine runs smoothly and has not jammed on me and I've made two small quilts with it. Great price and it arrived in just a few days."
EXCELENTE
"I don't sew anything fancy or complicated; basically, I put patches on my uniforms and similar ""easy"" tasks. I've been doing that by hand for years and always assumed a sewing machine was beyond my skill level. However, I had a bunch of patches I needed to put on and decided that, for the price, this one was worth the risk. So far, it's worked great. Given that I've never used a sewing machine, it did take me a while to figure out all the ""options"" and how to thread the thing. I also had some major issues with the thread looping like crazy on the bottom. Once I got that figured out, it's worked fine. I've used it to put some thick patches on heavy nylon material, so it'd say it's fairly heavy duty. I'd give it 5 stars but, like others, I found the instructions to be a bit difficult to read. Overall, though, I'd say this is a good machine for someone that just needs basic sewing and doesn't have much experience."
"Amazing machine, I'm a beginner and this machine is super easy to use. I've made many small projects with it and I absolutely love it. Will be passing on to my daughter when she's old enough to learn to sew"
Didn't like the mailing company but I love the product
Excellent product
"This machine has proven to be a great buy, and I've put mine through the wringer with all the projects I've been doing. I've hemmed jeans and tailored shirts with this, and I've been able to create fine detail in plushie projects as well. This is an all-around performer machine, and really great for beginners to start. It has quite a few stitch types and tension adjustments for those that need a little more control, but it's not so overwhelming that a novice couldn't learn easily how to work all the bells and whistles. I would highly recommend this machine to anyone looking for a first (or second) machine, and the price is great too!"
Excelente
So easy to use and at such a great price!!
Sucks.
A lot of features for a lower priced sewing machine.
Great product. So easy to use
Just perfect for my granddaughter to learn on!!!!!
Very easy to use. My 10 year old daughter has been using it and has had no problems.
"First seeing machine for my 12 year old-she likes it, and it's pretty basic and easy to use."
Work's great for the price.
But had to return it as I received one for Christmas from my Son
FANTASTIC..MADE ALL MY DECK PILLOWS..WE ARE LOOKING GOOD....
"Bought this for my 8-1/2 year old granddaughter. It's perfect!  Simple, but easy to use. Sturdy and solid machine. One wheel only needed to select stitches. I think many of these machines are just too complex and too many stitches varieties takes away from the overall performance of many  machines. This is definitely the perfect beginner (ad/or easy to use) sewing machine and performs well. I would consider myself an experienced seamstress with over 50 years of experience, and I would definitely recommend it to professional plus Pro!"
"Hello I  must say I purchased this machine as a gift for my daughter, it seemed to be the perfect beginners sewing machine she loves it so far, I'm waiting to see some of her work.
So far so good!"
"Bought for my granddaughter.  She loves it!  Her grandmother has helped her make several things with it, and now she is making projects on her own."
"I fought with it for hours and could not stop it from looping in the back, there seemed no way to adjust the bobbin tension to prevent it , so it was returned."
"Awesome machine, bought for my daughter, works like a champ."
"So far, so good. It gets the job done and the price is great! I have, however, broken one needle already, not sure if it was my fault or if there may have been too much fabric, but there were extra needles that came with it and it was easy to replace and so far the replacement has been doing good. Overall I'm happy with this purchase and I have high hopes that this machine will last for a while!"
Girlfriends christmas gift and she really enjoys it! it's just perfect for her. No gripes that i know about
My very first sewing machine! I love it! I did have to read the entire manual before I used it but it glad I did. I learned a lot and it's very easy to use. The patterns are cute & can be customized in width and length.
Wife loves it. Its all that matters.
"LOVE IT!
This is my first sewing machine ever and wanted to get something that was simple to use and without a big investment. I didn't need all the fancy stitch settings and such, just something to keep busy with during the long winters in Michigan with a few projects.  I read the instructions front to back a few times, and found the instructions manuel was not very thorough and informative.  After viewing a You Tube video, it walked me through everything and I was off.  This machine is very easy to thread and it does what you want it to do.  I had a few problems with what I thought was tension at first however it turned out to be needle sizing (I found that information out on You Tube and Google).  Wish the thing came with a CD for those folks who never thread a sewing machine before, and some trouble shooting tips!  I had a lot of fun last winter making a quilt, coats for my dogs and altering some clothes. So glad I chose this machine!"
"Thanks, delivery was fast, there was no setbacks"
love it
"For a cheap sewing machine, it's what I expected & it's fine."
bought this for my daughter for Christmas.  She loves it.
"I love my machine and am getting familiar with all the features. What I don't like is the instruction manual has the English and Spanish right next to each other instead of in different sections, it's very distracting. That is my only complain."
"Excellent product , I recommend , easy to use with perfect designs"
Great product easy to use
my daughter loves it
Use for alterations
"I didn't get to use this until after I have moved, but it didn't take long for me to find out that this brother sewing machine eats fabric, breaks needles and makes a grinding sound.
I hope to find someone in my area that fixes sewing machines and hopefully get it in good working order."
I loved this machine while it worked.  Twice it failed in the past 6 months.  The second time we couldn't fix it.  Now it collects dust and I bodufht a Janome.
Yes very easy to use.
"I bought this as a gift for my daughter in law, she is a beginner, and so far I think this will be what she needs."
Surprisingly functionable. I bought this machine for my 9 year old granddaughter. I thought it was best to try it out and set it up for her. I was impressed with the excellent operation and great stitches. I feel confident it will last her for many years .  It is  a very good machiine. She loves it!!.
"Very easy to set-up and start using, still have more to learn but it works great, bobbins easy to thread and insert. Another very good product from Brother."
"I love this machine. I have had it for three years and used it occasionally, and it still works great. It's very easy to use, and if you don't understand how to use a feature (like making button holes), you can look on YouTube."
Bought for my granddaughter and she likes it a lot.
Love it
I got the machine but couldn't sew with it so i took it the place the brother co.suggested and left it there cause they said it would take 2 wks to get it fixed so after i got home i was thing that it had to be something simple to fix so the next day i went back and got it took it home and within a few min.i fixed what they said was going to be 2wks. It sews very well am pleased with it
"Machine was working great until two days before 1 year Brother warranty expired when the bobbin winder shaft pulled out of the machine. Now it won't wind the bobbin and Brother's customer service centers are 3 hours away from me. I have to pay for expedited shipping to get it there before the warranty expires, plus return shipping, so its not even worth the cost. Impossible to use the machine unless I find another way to wind the bobbin. I personally will not buy a Brother machine again after this."
"I bought this machine a year ago based on its great reviews, and at the time I'd never sewn a stitch in my life before. I ended up taking lessons on beginner sewing with the xl2600i and since then I've tackled a few small projects. I'm really quite happy with it.

As a beginner, my point of view may be different and I might appreciate different things about this model than those who are more seasoned in the craft. This is a mechanical machine and I like that because it won't do anything that you didn't specifically tell it to do and when you're learning, it's nice to be forced to learn from the nitty gritty. You control the speed, you control needle position manually. Now that I have fumbled my way around and know what all the dials mean, I don't mind a computerized machine doing it for me, but for learning, I think this model suits beginners best.

Comparing my limited experience on this machine vs. a ~$600 Pfaff that I used in class from time to time, yes, the xl2600i definitely has its limitations. The bobbin thread/tension that many other reviewers mention is a bit fussy, but I've learned to work with it and eventually it's less of a problem. It does have a tendency to lose the top thread if you cut the thread too short and then resume sewing. The xl2600i does have its limits on the amount of fabric you can push under the presser foot because it doesn't go very high. You'll have to make sure your needle is sharp and you might have to tug your fabric sandwich a wee bit to help the feeders along if you try to stuff many layers through. But in terms of doing what it's advertised to do -- this sewing machine performs as well as you would want it to and for the money, you really can't get anything close to the performance of this model.

I haven't had to use any of the decorative stitches but I've done plenty of straight stitching of various lengths, zigzagging, and even tried out some blind hem stitches. The machine cranks out perfect stitches. I've had jams that made monstrous noises which made me think for sure I had broken my little $80 machine, but to date all of the jams were all my fault (newbie mistakes like bobbin placement errors, threading mistakes, using the wrong type of thread, dismantling the parts underneath the cover and reassembling the parts incorrectly...). The machine was forgiving and once I corrected the issues, it continued to chug away flawlessly. A friend of mine who is also a beginner, has the same machine and the very first thing she did on her machine was break the needle into 4 pieces over her zipper foot. Well, no worries, the machine continued to work once we replaced the needle and adjusted the stitch width setting. From what I can tell, the machine, though an economy purchase, is built to withstand a beating from beginners,  and built to last.

I highly recommend this machine for anyone who wants to take up sewing. It's not a ton of money to invest and you'll get a quality machine with all the essentials you need to do quite a lot."
"Works great, the price was fabulous! I'd buy it again. This is my second Brother sewing machine and I've been more than pleased with their products. My first machine still works, I've had it for 15+ years."
"The needle broke when my daughter was just trying it (without any fabric though) in the first 60 seconds.
I thought it was because she may have used it at high speed without any fabric. However, I just replaced the needle and when I looked at it 30 minutes later, it looks bent. Very Strange.
When fixing the needle I also observed that the needle is almost touching the sides of the opening in the bottom plate, and it is not aligned properly.
Have just logged this issue in the 'Brother' support site now (remember to enter the serial number without the hypen/dash) and hope to receive a quick response."
Bought as a Christmas Gift for my sister and she loved it!
"I wish to thank all those who left me comments when I asked if this would be a great gift for a dear friend.  She absolutely loves it and says it is the very best sewing machine she has ever had.  I am so happy to make her happy.
Thank you so much for your input.  :)"
this was a gift
Very good for the price.
"The product was shipped and arrived ahead of the scheduled time during the holiday seasonal rush. The sewing machine had quality features equality to sewing machines selling for much higher prices. Item was purchased for new entry level sewer, but would serve nicely for more advanced level sewer. Totally pleased with purchase."
Works great!!
"wife  loves  it  ,, great for  doing repairs  ,"
Great product for the price
"easy to use, very good"
It's a great machine.  Good for home products.
Great!
very nice machine for the money. I was totally happy with the deal I got through Amazon.
Perfect simplicity for my 11 year old granddaughter.
"The sewing machine is OK but the instruction manual leaves a lot to be desired.  You Tube has some helpful videos for this model machine.  Without them it would be very difficult for a beginner to grasp the essentials.  Brothers should hire a literate, English sewing teacher to re-write the manual."
I bought this sewing machine for my 9-year daughter for Christmas (she took some sewing classes at a summer camp and got hooked). I was amazed at how easy it was for her to use (she told me it was not the same kind she used in camp). This machine has lots of options and it's affordable.
very happy!!!
My daughter in law loved it!  She said we are all getting quilts for Christmas next year.
"The last sewing machine I owned was more than archaic. The machine would jam on every corner of my rug hooking. This, however, this beautiful machine sews like butter. It might even be good enough to actually sew butter."
"Love this machine! (But it's easier to not use the threader.) Just skip the two confusing steps of pulling down looper,  looping thread around it & pivoting it into the eye of the needle. When threading, just follow the instructions until you get down to needle, then thread needle from front to back & turn the wheel to catch the bobbin thread. Works perfect that way."
"Had to wait awhile as this was backordered. From the box the machine was in excellent condition. I had read that some customers had trouble with the manual and threading. They also have the manual electronically at Brother so you can print the pages out ahead of time for threading and stitch instructions, I taped a couple pages to the wall as reference. I have used electronic machines for years and years, so I knew the manual dials would take time to get used to again. If your a beginner, get the sewing basics first. READ the manual first. I had absolutely no problem sewing with this machine. Its a good starter machine for any age group. I bought it to sew tons of flannels that I didn't want to run through my expensive to maintain Bernina. This one did the job. It is very noisy, granted its an inexpensive machine. The pedal ran smooth and the stitches were straight and correctly adjusted (with factory settings) better than the Bernina believe it. The only problem I had was that I couldn't get the buttonholer foot to work with the stitching correctly. So I scrapped it for now until I have more time to play with it. Instead I used the following settings after marking the length with a pencil and use a small piece of interfacing tucked inside for strength:
Bartack: Stitch dial#3  Gray dial#1  Width dial #4 (do the bartack)
Side stitch lengthwise right side: Length dial#3  Gray dial #2 or 1.8  Width dial #2  run tight zigzag length wise
I used a needle down turn and repeat the side bars so you have double the stitches. Then repeat the last bartack as above. Then use a seam ripper to open. Do some sample buttonholes to practice.
I did this on pillowcases and flannel pjs and it worked just fine. The needle plate has seam measurements and the best part is the giantic reverse button level you can't miss it. On my other machines you have a small round button and you have to stop sewing to look for it, making it easier to get to is fantastic.
For the price this machine is terrific. I had no problem on the first try getting the bobbin threaded, READ the manual first follow the directions and arrows. Happy sewing."
Great price for a fine product
Great machine but not sure it was suitable for a nine year old.  She appears a bit intimidated by it.
Perfect for a beginner sewer my granddaughter loves it
Bought as a gift. Seems to work fine and haven't had any complaints.
Machine works much better than our old one!
Great product for the price.  I had it up and going in less than 5 minutes.  Super easy to use.
"Easy purchase, no issues."
"Terrific machine.  Bought for my GD for Christmas.  For a beginner, she's 8, it is easy to use right out of the box.  Side note, wish machine makers would supply preloaded bobbins with white and black thread."
"great machine!, so versatile and intuitive!

would highly recommend!"
"As a beginner sewer, this machine is fantastic. Clear guides ON THE MACHINE on both how to load your bobbin winder, your thread, and even how to load the actual bobbin into the machine itself. These guides are massively helpful for me, and I'm sure any beginner would do very well with this machine. The arm actually slides off as well, to the front, instead of falling off at a touch like my old machine. I also LOVE the top loading bobbin instead of the side loading!

All in all, a fantastic machine and I am in love :)"
daughter loves it said it was easy to thread
easy to use and is great for beginners to advanced.
Extremely satisfied with sewing machine.
Very nice sewing machine.  Very easy to thread.  I can not figure out the automatic threader but not a problem.
"I think it is a good sewing machine, but the instruction book is not good to use, I still don't understand how to use those functions by combining those wheels and adjustments."
"Got this for a great deal on cyber monday and it works fine. The only thing that bothers me is the foot guide switch is to the right of the needle assembly- like under the material pass through (so I have to use my right hand to raise and lower the foot guide). All the machines that I've ever used are on the back behind the needle assembly, so my habit is to raise and lower with my left hand. So it's a bit irritating to have to use my right hand. I guess it's like when you get used to driving a standard car, then switch to an automatic and keep stepping for the clutch and grabbing for the shifter. Otherwise I like the machine for the money I paid."
A superb machine for the price.
This was a gift for my daughter-in-law. She loves it.
"I've been using a hand-me-down Singer sewing machine ever since I started sewing a few years ago and decided to look for a new sewing machine because mine was totally worn out and could no longer handle simple tasks. I needed something inexpensive, durable, and easy to use and that is EXACTLY what I got with this machine. I love it! I have been using this practically every day since I purchased it months ago and so far I've had no problems. Mostly, I've been using this to sew through light-weight fabrics but once in a while, I'l sew through leather or other heavy weight fabrics like denim, and I've had no issues. For the more heavy weight fabrics, I do suggest changing your needle to one that is more appropriate, but even without doing so you should be fine. What I love about this machine is how easy it is to use; I've even started teaching my younger sister to sew on it and she loves it. Also, the noise that comes out when I'm sewing is so tolerable, not like any other machine I've used. For the price, this is definitely a GREAT product especially for a beginner or someone who is sewing with light weight fabrics. I love it."
"Was purchased as a gift. I want one myself, but she LOVES it!!!!"
"I purchased this for myself for Christmas and have been learning the new machine and it works great, easy threading of the machine and bobbin.  Great buy....."
"I bought this machine for my 8 year old granddaughter for Christmas, and I am teaching her to sew. She has already made herself a skirt to wear to school. This is a fine beginner machine, and I just bought 2 more for 2 more granddaughters! I'm looking forward to sewing weekends at Nana's :)"
Great and easy to use seeing machine. I love it!
great
"Bought this for our daughter.  She says that
her home-ec class in school has the exact same machine."
Bought this as a Christmas gift for my mom and she loves it!
Perfect for my 11 y.o. daughter.  My mom was impressed with the machine as well and she has sewn for over 40 years.
Been wanting a small sewing machine for a couple of years. Now that I am retired am going to start quilting. Looking forward to purchasing all the attachments. I find it easy to use. Well worth the dollars spent.....Sandy B.
Not suitable/returned for refund
Very easy to use my daughter loved her Christmas present.
I got it for the wife and she loves it
It works good
Met expectations
"This is my back up sewing machine and I LOVE how light weight. So when my neighbor and I get together, it''s the one I'm taking! LOVE to sew and quilt."
The item was great!
My daughter loves it!  Picking it up quite quickly
Impressed a lot
"I bought this machcine about 18 months ago when I wanted to trying my hand at sewing. I had some experience but not much. First time I tried to use it, I could not for the life of me, get it to thread right. Even though I was doing it EXACTLY like I was supposed to. No matter what I did it would not thread right. Eventually it started threading right and for the last year, minus a few times where it wouldnt thread right, everything seamed fine. Until last night. Ran out of bobbin thread and now it won't thread right. I have tried EVERYTHING. The first 3 stitches are right, so I'm threading it right, but after that the bobbin comes unthreaded and I'm back to loose stitches. I don't know if it just wasn't up to my projects, but I'm done fighting with it."
New to sewing my 8 y/o LOVES this. Once you figure out the machine it is so easy. It is worth every cent
Great price for a very good machine.
Received on the day promised and every thing that was as advertised.
I bought this for my 8 year old grand daughter who likes to sew with her mother.  This is not a toy machine.  She will be taught the safe use of it and will have to use it with supervision until she develops good safe habits but she will be able to grow in her skills and probably even take it to college some day.  She learned quickly how to thread it and fill a bobbin and is learning how to sew.  Very happy with this and it was very reasonably priced for a real sewing machine.
"I love this sewing machine. I use it to make my custom drag queen outfits. And from what I understand it's the same machine buffalo bill used. It's going to be perfect. ""It puts the lotion on its skin"""
Easy to use- not a lot of power- Don't try anything to thick- or heavy fabrics
my gift looking forward to using it
"Excellent machine for church youth group.  Very durable and user friendly.  A great buy for beginners, general sewing and a great portable machine for advanced seamstresses."
Love it.
Great sewing machine. Really well built. .
"This has worked great for me for just light sewing.  It struggles only occasionally when I sew through a couple layers of elastic or Velcro on a fabric.  Sometimes it has problems sewing on certain silky fabrics.  Not sure why.  Otherwise, it's been fantastic for a lightweight, inexpensive machine.  Had it over a year."
good..my wife loves it !
"Perfect starter machine that can be used well past the starter phase.  I bought this for my 30 year-old daughter, last year for Christmas, and she has REALLY taken off with sewing all kinds of things.  She loves it and will probably move on to a more advanced machine sometime down the road."
"For years I hated to sew. I had my mother's 40 year old sewing machine which I could never thread or get the tension right. It made me want to scream. I started a new hobby of making mittens out of old wool sweaters, the old machine had to go. I read many reviews and finally decided on this one as it wasn't expensive and had high marks. I love this machine!!! It literally takes me 1 minute to thread, the hardest thing putting the thread through the needle. It is very simple to use. I read in other reviews about the bobbin issue but I have had no problems. As long as you put it in correctly it works fine. The only issue I have is that when sewing sometimes, the thread gets pulled back in the bobbin but I think that is my fault as I don't pull enough out when I start to sew. If you are a beginner and need an easy machine, this one is for you. p.s if any sewers can give me advice on why my thread gets pulled back sometimes in the bobbin area, that would be great. -kraftykristen on Etsy

Update: I took someone's advice on here and looked at some you tube videos about threading the machine. Just found out that there is a self-threader on this machine! The directions included with this machine are a little difficult to follow and somehow I missed that!"
Perfectly as described!
Easy to sew!
"This is the perfect sewing machine for someone that hasn't sewn anything in years, 20+, like me.  It's easy to use and has just enough bells and whistles without being too complicated and confusing.  My only complaint is I wish they would rearrange the manual so the different languages are separated, ie English, then Spanish,  then Korean and so on and so on."
"It's okay. Works fine for my needs at the moment doing simple straight stitching. Bobbin tension likes to mess up out of nowhere when it is going along just fine on the same stretch of fabric and seam. Eventually untangles, but kind of a nuisance when it bunches up for no apparent reason. Have to take out a section of seam nearly with every use because of that."
"WOW!  If you don't love this machine as a beginner sewing machine user, then you are doing something wrong.  I highly suggest you go to youtube.com and follow any of the step-by-step directions for setting up the machine.  Speaking for myself, and probably others like me, I get in a hurry to start using things before I am fully acquainted with how they work.  This time I didn't do that.  I started with the youtube video  for ""unboxing"" the Brother XL 2600i Sewing Machine.  I know it sounds silly, but I became so familiar with the machine, that by the time I sewed my first line, it was beyond perfect.  I understood how to thread and load the bobbin, thread the top thread, combine the upper and lower threads to go under the foot, and how to set the tension, length, and width for each stitch before I ever really got started.  Let me just say, also, that the needle threader is WONDERFUL, although it took me a couple of times to get the hang of it.  Please give this little machine a chance.  If you are a novice in the sewing machine department, like myself, do yourself a favor and get to know it before you start.  I am not a spokesperson for Brother, or any other sewing machine company.  I just couldn't help posting my experience in hopes that it will help someone else who is trying to figure out how this thing works...given that the manual stinks."
I love this sewing machine ...its so easy to use ..treading the needle is the most easiest ever ..
Very nice and easy
Awesome
"It worked well for a year, it is most definitely my fault that it got messed up.
Really good starter machine."
good and cheap
I received this as a Christmas gift and used it yesterday for the first time.  I found it easy to set up and operate. I am pleased with it and would recommend it for any novelist who sews on occasions or for repairs.
Simple and good machine.
Great first sewing machine!
"It had all the parts that came with it, easy to use but the tension is hard to figure out, since I don't know if the left is the top or bottom tension and vise versa.

I love this machine and I got it for Christmas!"
love to use this machine !
"Unfortunately I ordered this item Sept 9th in an effort to be organized for Christmas. Stored it until Christmas Day.  My daughter was thrilled to get it for Xmas present.  She used it Xmas Day only and by Dec. 27th it was broken.  The spool under the needle is out of place and the machine doesn't work.  It looks like I can't return or exchange it because I bought it more than 30 days ago even though it has been used for one day only. Any suggestions from anyone????  If I could give negative stars, I would give 5!"
"I returned the machine as it was too noisy, and I was looking for a much quieter machine. It may be okay as a child's first machine, but I was looking for a secondary machine I could take to classes."
Bought as gift. No complaints heard so far.
My daughter loves it. Good sewing machine.
"I love this sewing machine! I cannot sew and do not know the first thing about sewing machines, other than I had one years ago and could not work it to save my life...until getting this new Brother XL2600i !!! OMGosh.. I threaded the bobbin on the first try, and threaded the machine on the first try and actually was able to sew several things right off the bat without wanting to throw it out the window! It also has several bells and whistles to it, which would be great for the more advanced seamstress. I have not had any problems. GREAT MACHINE!!! :-)  I would definitely recommend this sewing machine for anyone. And I'm definitely going to learn more tricks with this one.

My sister, who is a super sewer with her own fancy machine came over to try it out and loved it. So that says A LOT coming from her.
That's all I have to say. I AM VERY HAPPY WITH IT! 5 STAR!"
great machine very easy to use. i've had it for awhile and still find new things it can do.
100% recommended.
Good
THE PRODUCT IS GOOD
Easy to set up and get sewing.  My only concern is that everything seems to be plastic
"Very friendly user. Nice looking machine. Easy to transport, and does not need much space to store. Already did a pair of hems."
I just love it.
"Great machine for beginners! I am a total novice, and have used this to hem and take in the sides of dresses. I was so tired of taking my clothes to the tailor for such easy alterations. I also hemmed a couple of jeans without any problems. I only use the simple straight stitch, but I've definitely gotten my money's worth by not having to pay a tailor over and over again. There's a nice YouTube video online on how to thread the machine and bobbin, just Google ""how to thread a Brother XL2600i sewing machine""."
awesome
Best sewing machine ever!
Great item!
returned  the  machine
"I purchased this machine after having a basic Singer model that was flawed from the start- thread constantly snagging and then the bobbin just stopped catching. My grandma has a Brother and she highly recommended the brand, as hers is still running strong and has gotten her through many projects. I wouldn't call myself a beginner at sewing but I don't do anything too intricate on my machine. Since having it I've made a baby blanket, two roman shades, two bench seat cushions, a handful of pillow covers, ten bandana bibs and two dozen flannel baby wipes. I've used a variety of materials ranging from linen to heavy fleece and I've had absolutely no problems with this machine. As long as you read the manual and adjust as necessary for your project this machine is very reliable."
Thank you.
"Just a listed. Simple, but does the job. Exactly as needed."
good
Great beginning sew machine... It got stuck a few times and I've learned the best way to handle this is to use the knob to begin stitching a bit before using the foot pedal. Seemed to work fine after that.
"Just received this machine from my son for xmas, I couldn't believe the gift wrapping from Amazon, it was really nice.  But back to the important stuff.  I haven't sewed in years, I have always had ""forward and backward"" machines, I find this machine extremely easy to work with and I have been practicing most of the afternoon.  I believe I will have many happy afternoons sewing on it.  The weight is great, I'm used to 2 ton tanks  for a sewing machine.  The instructions are easy, just have to get used to the layout. Its easy to thread, make bobbins, I have been practicing on upholstery fabric and its had no problem handing the weight if the fabric.  My first thing is going to be bedroom drapes for my 10' victorian windows...it will get a workout."
"Arrived on time. Works as advertised.  Plesently surprised by all the features for the price.  You won't get more for your money. Seems well built and solid. I honestly don't know why the price is so low.  Would have been a great value at $100.  I just sew a few articles a year, like when I need to repair a crotch in a $200 - $300 suit.  This machine paid for itself the day I opened it up!"
"A cute, easy to use sewing machine. My granddaughter loves it!"
This sewing machine is a great machine. I am new to sewing and found it easy to use!
Workied
"I'm a sewing newbie. This is my first sewing machine &  I wanted something lightweight that I could set up & take down easily because I don't yet have the luxury of a craft room. I'm pregnant so I needed something I could easily tote around from to room & this machine is perfect! It doesn't take up much room which is vital. Our current home is so small we can't fit our dining room table so I actually sew on a TV tray, ghetto but functional. I purchased a sewing case so I could keep all the necessary parts & books together and it makes moving the machine from room to room even easier. At first I was frustrated with this machine because even though I followed the manuals instructions & YouTube videos I was still having tension problems. Upon further internet searches I realized it was human error, not the machine & now I'm a sewing madwoman. I even broke the original needle & at first thought I'd be benched until a replacement came but then I remembered among the things that come with this machine comes are 3 replacement needles & a mini screwdriver. Replacing the needle took less  5 minutes. I'm sure once I become a sewing diva I will upgrade to a fancy digital machine but for my newbie self this has been a good purchase at a great price (cheaper than Walmart!)"
"Aaahhhaa!! My daughter will be so surprised !!! Great product !! Good,sturdy. quality ."
I purchased this as a first sewing machine for my 8 year old.  She is going to love it! I'm an experienced stitcher and Brother is a trusted name for machines.  I was impressed at the quality of this machine at a great value.
great product great value!
"This Sewing machine is the best. Easy to operate, The first thing I sewed was chair covers, and I quilted them with this machine also. The second thing, is I made a twenty foot long valance for my front porch out of thick vinyl. It sewed it three layers thick. I was impressed. The only thing about it I found a little awkward is that the pressure foot lever is inside on the middle instead of in the back. I'm left handed and I had to use my right hand to lift or put down the pressure foot."
The machine is in perfect working condition but I have a difficult time threading the bottom to sew correctly. It would occasionally jam because of it.
"This is such a great machine!  I was pretty much sewing challenged and figured this out from the get go.  The instructions are pretty clear if you read them carefully (which I think is most peoples problem.  Pay attention!).  I use it mostly for small repairs to household items and making a few aprons and what not.  I've sewn through 3 to 4 layers of fabric no problem with this, just go slow."
"I love this machine! I'm a beginner and it is easy enough to learn on, but also is growing well with me.
Great value for the price!"
Need to use more but it's great and exactly as described.
"This is the best sewing machine I have ever had and at my age, had many. SO easy to use, it threads itself and the bobbin etc. Just a really nice machine for the money."
Great easy to use sewing machine !!!
Good quality
"Arrives in original box not inside a shipping box. Original box slightly damaged on its corner and also was a gift, which is now not a suprise. Way to go."
I am very glad that bought the sewing machine and all advise
"For a novice male sewer, I am having trouble adjusting the tension on this machine. It is not worth the cost to take it in for adjustment. I am using it on 4 layers of medium heavy fabric and the wrong tension is making loops on the bottom stitch. I have adjusted it according to the manual, maybe it is just me. I just want it to easily adjust and work. Again, maybe it is just me."
works great I love it
Bought this as an early Christmas present for my wife and she loves it!  She is a beginner/intermediate sewer but she absolutely loves this thing!
"low maintenance, easy to set up and store."
"A very helpful and inexpensive tool for repairs, etc - its nice to have it at home even ""just in case""."
Great value.
"Love it! Just wanted a nice basic machine and this is super easy to use, works well and does a lot more than I was expecting. Use it several hours daily and it's still going strong, never had a skipped stitch or needle issues. Would definitely recommend"
"Maybe I am unlucky but I totally expected better customer service
After 2 times of using it, the threads got stuck and I could hear something getting broken
Tried to email and call the seller with no answer so I ended up with useless machine"
this product excells when it is used
"I haven't had it too long, but it has already sewn a bunch. Pretty easy to use once out of the box. Not much set up needed. A few little tweaks of difference from my last Singer machine. But the singer machine failed on me after a couple of years, so I decided to give Brother a shot after reading good reviews. The drop in bobbin case is new to me, but if you follow the instructions it works great and much less hassle than front loading. The foot lever location is a little new to me. Ive always had them on the back of the machine, but its not in the way, just an adjustment for me. Great little machine for the price."
This is a great sewing machine.  It is lighter than my other one.  It is easy to use.  I would recommend it to anyone.
very nice product.and very fast shipping
"I'm a beginner when it comes to sewing. I was looking for a good but inexpensive sewing machine. So I bought this brother machine and I been having it for a month already. Works great, easy to get use to it, and it hasn't given me any problems. I have made scarves, bags with zippers, and other items. Great buy for a good price. Good for me being a beginner."
excellent
I ABSOLUTELY LOVE THIS PRODUCT - THIS IS THE 2ND BROTHER I'VE PURCHASED OFF AMAZON.  I HAVE A HEAVY WEIGHT SINGER - BUT IT KEEPS GIVING ME PROBLEMS - THE BROTHER SEWING MACHINES ARE ABSOLUTELY THE BEST I'VE EVER SEWN ON.  I CANNOT SAY ENOUGH GREAT THINGS ABOUT THIS MACHINE.  IT'S QUIET - VERY EASY TO USE - EFFICIENT - THE LIST GOES ON & ON -  I'M SO GLAD THAT I DECIDED TO GO WITH THE BROTHER MACHINES.  IT HAS MADE MY SEWING EXPERIENCES SO MUCH LESS STRESSFUL - THANK YOU SO MUCH. I NOT ONLY SEW FOR PERSONAL USE - BUT ALSO I HAVE A SMALL BUSINESS AND TRUST ME IT MAKES SEWING A SHEER PLEASURE - STRESS FREE
Have not sewn in years so this is great for a new start.
Great!
It arrived with a couple scratches and the plastic protection peeled off part of the label!  But other than that it works great.
works great
my wife loves the sewing machine very happy with it.
Used it less than 5 times before the unit shorted out. Light works but the machine doesn't work. Out of warranty by 2 months. Very cheaply made machine.
"I'm a beginner-sewer, so I wanted a machine for simple sewing (hemming pants, making curtains, etc) and this fit the bill.  It's easy to thread and simple to use.  Very happy with this purchase."
"Very good for beginner, as it is easy to use and understand."
"This is my first time ever sewing ANYTHING, And it's a very simple machine you figure it out."
"""Should I buy this for DIY/MYOG outdoor gear projects?""  YES!

This is the prefect beginner machine. The setup and operation is very simple and it comes with a lot of accessories. I bought this, having never sewn anything on a machine, and I've already made a two hammocks, a tarp and a million stuff sacks."
AAA++
"I've been deliberating about a new machine for several months. I have a vintage strong-as-an-ox Singer, which I still love but only does straight stitch. I wanted a good machine to sew fleece, jersey and stretch fabrics. I'm not a super serious sewer, and am budget conscious, but wanted a good machine. My  sewing savvy daughter-in-law thought this one might do the trick, and with Cyber Monday pricing, I thought it was worth a try. I'm thrilled so far. The manual very clearly explains the 'how to's' of the machine, as well as what stitches work best for what you want to sew. I've spent the day sewing, and i'm very happy. Great product. Great price."
Good starter sewing machine. Does what it says and does it well for a little thing. Very happy with the purchase
"I ordered this machine because I was looking for easy portability.  It is described as 12.3"" x 7.7"" x 9.6"".  It is actually 15"" x 12"" x 7"" - which is much larger.  It may be a great machine, but it is not what I expected or wanted."
Easy to use! Love it!!
Having a lot of fun with it!
"Absolutely love it, especially for the price. So user friendly even for beginners."
"Easy threading? My seamstress neighbor and I have been at it for an hour. Forget it.
The directions? Well, finding your way through to the sections written in English is interesting, and then the instructions themselves are worthless.
Never had a chance to find out if it's ""easy to use"" because setting it up requires a PhD. Really a waste of our time.
This will go on Craigslist in the morning. Twenty bucks, new with the box.

Just do what I did - find a great tailor and have things made. Easy!"
broke in the next month
"Love it! Great price! Have not had any troubles!!! I am a beginner sewer (taught myself on this machine) very sturdy!!! It clearly isn't an industrial hardcore machine, but if you are a beginner this puppy is a dream!!

I see some are saying the petal is cheap and breaks ... It does feel cheap BUT it doesn't take much to make it go, so these people must be 500 lbs jumping on it or something.... +PLUS my toddler thinks it's hilarious to stomp on it and toss it around when I'm trying to sew AND the petal is still going strong!

This was a great buy and I would buy again."
"christmas gift for granddaughter, but I liked what it offered.  Grandma"
This really is a great machine for beginners. I was able to thread this up and go. They make plenty of YouTube videos to help you figure out how to work this machine if you're like me and learn better by watching things get done than reading about it. So far I've sewn up tons of old towels that I've upcycled into inserts for cloth diapers and the machine worked through it nicely. I love this machine. My only problem is not having enough fabric to sew!
"Consistent problems with thread tension. It just does not create smooth stitches at all regardless of how many times I re-thread the machine, replace the bobbin, and change the tension setting. It does not like to turn corners: it will not create sharp corners and the tension does weird things if you do turn a corner. It eats knit fabrics. Literally just sucks any kind of synthetic knit into the feed dogs. I just can't sew anything without fighting with this machine. I got it before I actually knew anything about sewing so at first I thought the issues were due to my inexperience, but after using it on and off for about a year and now having gained more experience sewing through my university classes/work, I've realized the machine is pretty much useless."
"Started using it the day it arrived. Love it. Works wonderfully. Would definitely buy another one. Especially from Amazon. Price was great. Delivery  was fast. Definitely recommend it and Am a,on."
not a very good machine.
"works great, very light machine"
"i absolutely loved this product! It's worth every dime I would repurchase this product and I highly recommend it, its y firs time sewing so in my opinion I think its a great starters machine as well for those who are unsure this is the one I would go far!"
"I love my little sewing machine! It's small, lightweight and yet sees like a dream. Price is fantastic, esp with all the built in stitches. I've yet to come across a material that I couldn't see perfect stitches. Even with the thickness of sewing and repairing dog collars. I would definitely recommend this and would purchase again."
Present for my wife she loves it great price quick shipping
Works as advertised. Very functional.
"I don't sew heavy duty things. Most of my sewing is jersey but this thing crapped out on me after a couple of months. It would jam with literally every stitch. When I took it to a repairman and he took it apart in front of me, I saw that everything in it was plastic. He told me that over time, the plastic had warped so that the timing was off. He also told me that it was the cheapest machine he had ever seen."
Back into sewing after 30 years. Good little machine. Well worth the money.
I love everything about my Brother sewing machine.  Easy to learn instructions.  The buttonholer is awesome!
ok
"I bought this for my grandmother who was used to her older machine. It broke down so I got her this one. She said it's more complicated for her, but she's getting the hand of it. It's smaller and lighter so it's great for her. She can do everything she used to do on this machine."
I use this for basic projects a few times a year.  No problems thus far.
Yeah! Love this sewing machine. My mom and I made my first pair of curtains for my new home. She has an older brother and was very impressed by this one.
"Our mission team took 8 of these machines to Nicaragua to give sewing lessons. We had 3 1/2 days of classes totaling about 30 students. Most of these women had never touched a sewing machine, although a couple had used a treadle machine. The machines were easy to operate and ran trouble free, only having the normal sewing issues.  Brother should have documented this event. The women successfully created several projects including hats, tote bags, sun dresses and skirts. The depth of their gratitude was overwhelming.  It is of great benefit to their self esteem and potential financial situation to have this skill and these machines. The machines were left behind at several locations.  Good little machine for the price."
"About half the price of any Singer machine I ever owned and far better sewing then any Singer machine I ever had1- Great job, Brother!"
Great
I'm a beginner. Great cam hone for getting started.
for beginners
Pleased with purchase.  It was a gift for mid- teen. She said its okay.
"Great little machine.  Very portable, great for basic repairs and regular jobs.  GREAT, GREAT needle threader - although it takes patience to understand the instructions.  Very good for the money."
"I didn't use all available futures of sewing, but anyway I am satisfied with quality of this item."
The machine is just what I needed. Works fine.
This replaced a cheaper brand name machine that quit functioning after very few uses. This machine is worth at least twice it's cost. I have sewn many different fabrics and it always performs flawlessly. It is so simple to set up and use even I could do it without pulling any hair out. I would recommend this machine to anyone and everyone.
just what I wanted. only do mending and small projects. was easy to get started on. nice and lightweight
Best for the beginners.
"love this sewing machine. have been using it for two years and its amazing! really good functions and good speed. not for HEAVYDUTY things, but really good for small sewing projects"
"Excellent purchase! I bought this machine about 3 months ago so I have had time to use it on several projects and I am so glad I bought this machine.  Simple to use yet has all the features available that I could possibly need (I bought the 25 stitch).  I love the self threading needle.  Took a few tries to get used to it but now I do not know how I ever lived without it. Great value ($79 Amazon Prime).  I am a recreational seamstress - hem my own pants, make curtains and duvet covers, etc... and the occasional halloween costume.  Taught myself so I am not the most experienced seamstress, but I really think this machine would be the go to for most anyone unless you were sewing with very thick, heavy material. You can't go wrong!"
"Great machine!!!!  Enough stitches to get the job done, simple enough to figure out and very affordable!"
meets my needs
Excellent
"Being as I've never sewn anything in my entire life, this machine was easy to take out and get going. Threading it took me a while, only because I was making it harder than it is. The many stitches to choose from are great. There are ones for stretchy fabrics as well as other tricky faberics. All in all, I'm glad I purchased this machine. Great for the price and easy to use."
Love it great value
This was my first ever beginner sewing machine and i must say i love this thing! gives quality product!
"Wonderful, great machine for the price. Sews beautifully"
Casual sewer and this machine does exactly what I need. Easy to operate. I had this same machine before and it lasted me 10 years. For the price and quality I'm satisfied with that.
"Works great. Great for patching and applique. Also, does buttons really well."
My mother gave up trying to help me use a sewing machine years ago. I'm not sure what it is but I've always had so much difficulty threading them and getting a steady pace. This has been so helpful. It really is very easy and does a great job. I am still learning what in the world each of the stitches do and how to steady my hand but I have finally been able to sew with a machine. Definitely worth the money.
"Gift for Granddaughter, to start sewing for her girls !!"
Girlfriend loves it.
Arrived right on Grand-daughter's birthday!
I couldn't wait for this to get in! It works great. The instructions are easy to read and it's a great machine. I named her Lola...we will make great fashions togther!
"I really like this machine.  It sews very neat stitches.  It is quiet, easy to thread, and easy to move around.  I've only had it one month but I'm glad I bought it.  I need to learn how to work more of the custom stitches.  I've used the zigzag already and I liked it."
"I bought this as a gift.  The thread doesn't stay in the needle.  Otherwise, it was very fast to ship.  The price was good.  Seems like nice quality."
The box was all tore up but the machine worked fine.  This was purchased for a gift
"Love it!  So easy to use.  I don't sew much, but it seems to have a lot of different stitches and settings for such an affordable machine ($60 between Thanksgiving and Christmas).  I bought an older version of the same machine a few years ago and was happy with that one too.  Gave the old one to a friend whose machine broke, and traded up."
Ok machine with the exception of the misrepresentation of how the various stitches actually turn out.  They hardly resemble the stitches in the manual or on the machine.
Great item.
I bought it for my wife. She won't stop making stuff now. I guess that means its a good machine
"This was my first sewing machine and I got it to make some quick projects for a christmas present. I have to agree with some people who say that you can spend time fighting with it on occasion, but I find that if I am going slow and taking my time I am less likely to mess up or get a jam."
"I was so surprised how quickly I received this machine.  I bought this for my granddaughter, she seems to like it, she is 12 and still is unsure about all the gadgets.  She is learning in Home Ec."
I love this sewing machine.  This was my first sewing machine purchase and I have been very pleased.  This machine is very affordable and easy to use for beginners.  I have even taught my 9 yr old daughter to use this machine.  She has already made 3 quilt tops and quilted 1.  If you are a beginner looking for a nice affordable machine I highly recommend this one!
"Worked perfectly upon arrival, no problems. I had a slight issue threading it ( due to my inexperience with sewing machines ), and the teeth/feeder that helps move the fabric along got some of my fabric caught in it, but after working through the issues and learning how everything functions, it seems to be working perfectly! Great buy."
Very light and cute. I can definitely piece quilt on this machine. Perfect for the motor home!! I am an obsessive quilter and needed a light small machine that could do my piecing on and this was perfect. It's a tough little machine and certainly a wonderful starter for a lucky boy or girl.
"Good machine, especially for beginners. You REALLY have to pay attention to getting correct tension with this machine though. I have run into tension issues with various Brother machines, but it was exceptionally messy with this one"
Practical machine very easy to operate.
great machine at a great price
Consumer Reports recommended. So Do I - Best value out there for beginners and pros.
"Only good for light duty sewing. It bogs down with heavier type of material or 2 layers of cotton. Wouldn't buy this for major sewing activities. Good for sewing seam openings, tears, etc. and that's basically all it does well."
"Very nice sewing machine but i'm still trying to get the stitches adjusted,can wait to get it going. Money wise was a great deal!!!"
Poor quality broke in less that a year ! Was told it wasn't worth fixing!
"Competitevly priced, good features. I purchased three to donate to the adult day care center for their craft activities. Should do the job well."
"Great little sewing machine.  I bought it for my daughter who wanted to learn to sew.  It works wonderfully and has been easy to use.  It has more stitches than my machine, and was a great price!"
Love my sewing machine! It is for lighter weight fabrics which is what I wanted it for; but I've also repaired a pair of jeans for a friend. The machine is also lightweight and easy to set up and put way.
"This sewing machine is very poorly made. Every piece on it feels flimsy and cheap. It is constructed almost entirely from plastic, very thin plastic. The metal parts are all stamped from flimsy foil-like sheet metal. Sewing is impossible as the tread just bunches up and flies everywhere. The few inches of seam I was able to get out of it were loose, crooked and inconsistent and pulled apart with very little effort. I returned it and replaced it with a Singer 4411 which works like a dream."
"Perfect for me. Nice size. All the stitches I need for new prijects, mending and quilting. And the wonderful needle threader!"
The machine sews well but its not good for hemming denim jeans
"Disappointed my daughter who used her savings to purchase this machine.  Unfortunately I think it is a simple case of trying to offer too many features for a low price and having the quality be bad.  When the machine arrived at home, she used some basic fabric to test the stitches.  Couldn't even get through all of them without it jamming.  The bobbin jammed up so badly that I had to remove the needle plate cover to get to the bobbin.  Yes, this is a common thing we must deal with when sewing, but my concern is that the needle plate is separated into two pieces, half metal, and half of plastic (I am not talking about the slide cover for over the bobbin, I am talking about the actual needle plate).  The pieces were difficult to remove and put back in...felt like that plastic half was just asking to be broken.  So we returned it and purchased a Janome 2205 which cost a bit more and had less features, but as expected the quality appears to be better (everything seems nice and sturdy and no plastic where I don't expect to see it).  She had good luck with all the stitches, which came out very nice....so that machine at least arrived in proper tune, whereas this Brother machine definitely did not."
Great price shipped quickly.
Excellent
Very easy to use!
"I absolutely LOVE this machine!! No problems with the bobbin thread as some others have mentioned, and it's super easy for a beginner (like myself) to thread this machine. I was able to start using it right out of the box!! As some others have mentioned, the Quick Start directions can be a bit confusing due to the alternate translations - but this can be overlooked, and from a ""shoe on the other foot"" perspective, I think that it's rather nice that they offer more than just a Spanish translation.

MINOR ISSUES:

  - I did have a problem with one of my daughter's shirts getting caught in the feed dogs; however, I am sure that this could have been easily avoided had I been more experienced and able to recognize that there was an issue. I was able to easily correct this by using the provided screwdriver to remove the plate and carefully remove the jammed fabric. The machine is still working smoothly after it's ""surgery"".

  - I have had some thread breakage problems whilst making a skirt for a loved one's Halloween costume; however, I will note that I was sewing PVC Vinyl material without a walking or teflon foot, and so I am pretty positive that this is merely an issue of fabric vs. presser foot. Apart from the occassional thread breakage, the machine did sew the material beautifully and I am very happy with the results given that this was my very first attempt at making a skirt.

All in all, I am very happy with this machine and am officially addicted to sewing. I keep asking everyone in our household if they have any clothes that they would like repurposed. lol!! The Brother XL2600i is an EXCELLENT value for the price, and I highly recommend it to anyone who is a beginner or aspiring seamstress."
"Bought for my mother in law, who then had a friend teach her how to use it.  Seems very easy to pick up.  Good machine."
Loving this machine so far! I'm a beginner and it is easy to use! Works like a charm.
"Nice machine-well made.
Has lots of stitch selections and also attachments."
Perfect beginner sewing machine!  Ibought it for my daughter and she loves it...easy to use.
"Am very happy with this purchase, It works great and have already been making things.  AWESOME"
"I gave myself a few month or so before I reviewed this product. I will likely make an update later. So far the Brother XL2600i (or Tammy as deemed her last night) is both my best friend and worst enemy. Which is why I only gave 4 stars because you will have to troubleshoot some it's not a fancy automatic sewing machine. I read plenty of reviews before my purchase. they had my prepare for the worst and I hope for the best. I am very happy I went ahead and bought this brand. I needed a sewing machine that wasn't too expensive but of good quality so that I can get used to sewing again. Tammy has done just that. The problem everyone mentioned about the instructions...BS... anyone with a brain can read through the instructions just fine. I hate when people give reviews and just complain just to complain. Next time you want a machine of any kind go and test it out first people. It's called showrooming, learn it, embraces it, love it, then buy it on Amazon. (Now back to my review)
If your looking for a easy to use machine that will help you get into the swing of things, and also keep you on your toes. This is the perfect machine for you. Over this past weekend, I decided to sew some baby stuff for my nephew who is due in a month. I started the project off on Saturday, and only had to top stich the next day. Boy oh boy did Tammy almost get thrown through a window. While switching to a decorative stich the tension was thrown off which lead me to troubleshoot for the next 5 hours. This isn't Tammy's fault it is mine because I am out of practice. (see what I did there people who complain about everything and blame a MANMADE machine? It's called self checking.... Learn it, Love it, Embrace it) Well after hours of cursing and removing stiches and trying again and again (while reading the manual). I stopped for a second and read the manual again. I decided to unthread the entire thing, bobbin and all, and start over. I moved the tension back slightly and as soon as I decided to use a scrap piece of fabric Tammy decided that she was ready to act right..... Really.... Problem solved.
I don't use the threader thing because I wasn't taught that way. I just thread it myself. Maybe on my update I'll be able to tell you guys about that. The machine works great and now I believe I can fix any tension problem that may come up and I think I am getting back into the swing of things.

Oh I will mention that there are a few things I don't like, I was taught how to sew on an older machine. The little cutter thing was right next to the needle not on the side of the machine like this one. The machine needs labeling just to make it more user friendly (I'm getting a label maker today to do it myself) and the storage door. I have been spoiled by my mothers. It is a box that slides on and off simply and it can be opened while on the machine as well. I don't even use the storage part all my supplies are still in the bag in the drawer on my sewing table. I know this may of confused you but it will make sense when you buy the machine.

All and all great machine. It is doing exactly what I wanted. Helping me get into the swing of things, and making me brush up on troubleshooting. I hope this helped."
"I have a much more expensive Singer, and I realized that this machine costs less than repairs for my fancy one. This has almost all the features I wanted. I probably won't bother fixing my other machine for awhile, because this one does the trick."
"This was a gift for a younger person. It's important to teach them these type of skills. I myself am fairly new at it but once one gets started it's impossible to stop! This would make a great little machine for a beginner. The speed is good, the stitching is good, I have zero complaints. My recommendation is to thoroughly read and familiarize ones self with this before doing anything. it makes a world of a difference."
"A solid basic machine. Stitches are balanced and straight. It is easy to thread, stitch selection is easy, bobbin is easy to wind and install. Light weight, so I will use it for travel and when I go quilt qith friends, but it stays on the table without bouncing around when I sew. I purchased this to teach my 8 and 10-year-old granddaugters to sew and still have my machines free for my own projects.  Might have to get another one. They are loving it!"
Great for the price!
"1st new machine in forever; things have changed; still getting used to it but, love the possibilities"
"I bought this for my granddaughter for her birthday. She has been showing an interest in sewing and I have worked with her several times. She is interested enough to want to use my personal sewing machine on her own...sorry, no! But this machine is just right for her. I used the machine myself in helping her to learn to use it and I was very impressed. It is a great beginner machine! Also, very helpful, there are several You-tube videos which pertain specifically to this machine...threading the machine and the bobbin and loading the bobbin. So great for beginner sewers!"
"I am new at this, and it was easy to use!"
Nice nice
Couldn't ask for a better starter machine. It has really helpful diagrams printed right on it and the straight stitch is no joke strong. I didn't know how to use a sewing machine at all and I was really anxious about learning how to thread a the machine and the bobbin and get all the settings right. But the manual walks you right through it and its really easy to use. The machine feeds the fabric through and you don't have to work super hard on making sure its straight as long as your not going too fast (for beginners. Im sure super advanced sewers can speed right through :) ) And its a great machine for the discounted prime price. This machine will last me a long time and I feel like it really does have all my basic needs met and then some!
It broke the first time I used it.
I like it
"This is my first sewing machine and it was the first time I using sewing machine. I changed the waist of a little pant with this machine. :) the work was not perfectly down, but at least I did not make disaster."
"I read the reviews about people having problems threading this machine and how it didn't work properly, so I was skeptical, but ordered anyway. I am an engineer by profession, so I have *very* little experience sewing, let alone using a sewing machine. I didn't even know what a bobbin was (by the way, order the extra 10 pack with this if you purchase the machine). However, I can read, understand and follow directions very well.

I followed the picture guide showing how to load thread onto the bobbin, install it in the lower compartment, and setup the upper thread. After following the directions and setting it all up, I've had zero problems with the few things that I've sewed. I've used both the straight and zigzag stitches and was able to fix 3 pairs of shorts and a pair of pajamas that all had small to medium size holes. I've loaded several bobbins and threaded this machine several times now and can do it in less than a minute. This machine is easy to use and seems to have plenty of features, although admittedly, I will probably never come close to using them all. For a nonchalant sewer like myself, this machine fits the bill perfectly."
"I have never sewn before in my life and this machine was very easy to use, comes assembled! Unfortunately it was stolen, but its a definite must have. Replacing it right away. Worth the money :)"
"It's a decent sewing machine for the price, a great basic machine. Very easy to use and thread. The quality of the materials is not fantastic - the peg that holds the auto-stop for the bobbin winder broke off of mine very easily, luckily this isn't a necessary part, the machine works fine without it. The accessories come in a ziploc style bag, which is a little flimsy, and the included screwdriver has already punched a hole in mine. The included extension table does hold the accessories, but it doesn't have any sort of closure, so you do want to store the accessories inside the ziploc bag inside it, so when you pull the extension off they don't spill everywhere.

Overall I got exactly what I expected, it's pretty good."
"A great little machine for moderate use by a novice sewer. This is a vast, vast improvement over my bottom of the barrel Singer! The bobbin is very easy to wind and set up, and the automatic threader ACTUALLY WORKS! I like the mechanical stitch selection, as I am nervous about digital machines (and their cost). There is a good selection of stitches, although I wish there was a greater range on the length of the straight stitch. It will stitch very tightly, but you will still be basting by hand, as the longest stitch setting is still very close. It seems to be a tough little machine; I am using it to stitch two layers of suede together for a handbag, and while it does tax the clutch and you would do well to give a manual assist at times, I am really surprised at how well it is handling that much material.

The cord and foot pedal could be longer, but they are no shorter than any others you'll find out there. (Just a peeve of mine.)

There is a good assortment of attachments (feet), needles, and other odds and ends that come with the machine. You will be sewing the day you receive it.

This is a great machine to introduce anyone to sewing and sewing machines. It is really terrible to get a bad machine and get turned off of the whole endeavor. /This/ one will not disappoint!"
"So far, wife likes it."
Satisfied with product.
"I really like my new sewing machine, it works well and I enjoy it"
"Very easy to use, great."
Thanks for the deal - very easy to use. Also was cheaper than fixing my old machine
"WORKS SEAMLESSLY (pun intended)
It is very efficient, great infographics on the machine for ease of use and feels VERY stable.
Great bang for my buck!"
Clear directions and lots of options; fun to use.
I don't know how to oiling it. But it's a nice and good size machine.
great deal
This is a great machine for the price. It is much larger and more heavy duty than I was anticipating. It operates like a workhorse at a fraction of the cost of larger machines with more stitches.
"I *really* wanted to love my little Brother XL2600I sewing machine! I'm no seamstress, but wanted a VERY basic machine just to do the occasional repairs and hems - nothing fancy in the least. So when I bought this machine last June, I considered it a bonus that it came with 25 stitches plus the ability to sew stretch fabrics. I LOVED the size and weight, but it does not come with a hard-shell cover even! Plus, the user manual is not absolutely intuitive, nor does it come with a demo DVD. For a beginner like me, I ended up going online to Youtube and finding a few basic videos to show me how to thread the machine, spool the bobbin, and do very basic functions. However ....

The very first time I took this Brother out of the box, threaded it up, and practiced on a piece of old pillow case (not thick, not special material at all), I was annoyed to see that the tension was clearly OFF. I fiddled around, but not being a mechanic, dared not do too much. I should've taken that as a sign and sent the machine right back. But I persevered because I had a small pile of repair work: re-stitching the hems on towels. That's when I re-learned the old adage: ""You get what you pay for!"" I'm talking about standard - NOT plush - bathroom towels and THIN cotton kitchen towels. The feeder foot is so weak and pathetic that it would not even deal with the ends (where the material is double thick). The foot simply does not LIFT that high even! So I'd stitch across the towel hem to the edge, then take it out of the machine and HAND-SEW the remaining 1/2"" through thicker material. Ow.

I could only get the straight, single-thread stitch style to work with the tension gears. Turns out, the gears are PLASTIC. It didn't take any time at all for them to be completely out of alignment (might have even happened in shipping?). Cuz from Day One, the tension simply was never, ever right.

The other day, I had a simple jersey PJ that I wanted to shorten the sleeves on. But once again, that darn tension and lame feeder foot conspired against me. The jersey bunched up like a hair scrunchie cuz the foot simply was not big enough or designed well enough to draw the fabric through. And the tension! YE GODS. I tried straight stitch, zig-zag, and every other conceivable hem-binding stitch, using the regular foot and the narrow blind hem foot to no avail. I was almost in tears with frustration. It isn't the MONEY. It's the utter cheap, pathetic construction of this machine. You can take it in to have the tension ""repaired"" but with plastic gears, it's just going to crack, warp or get out of alignment in no time. Given that the tension and feeder foot are two of the most important things on a machine, I'm just so disappointed that Brother would make such insubstantial parts.

If someone tells you here that you can sew through multiple layers of cloth, do denim, towel fabric or ANYTHING but hanky linen, believe me when I say, ""Not with my Brother XL2600I you won't!"" I was so utterly disgusted and irritated with this piece of plastic garbage that I actually GAVE it to my local sewing machine guy, sighed, and plunked down several hundred dollars for a machine that: 1.) actually works 2.) you can change the stitches on it, and the tension will do what it needs to do 3.) is built to last a few decades 4.) is hardly bigger than this Brother (or heavier) 5.) has more stitches to choose from 6.) also automatically threads the needle 7.) uptakes bobbin thread like magic 8.) operates with or without a foot pedal with continuously adjustable speeds, and probably 10 more things that I'll find out as I take a class and put my new machine through its paces. Um, it's NOT a Brother, but no point is digressing here. Brother: I am SO done with you."
Excellent product thanks
"Foot feed controller doesn't work.  I bought this machine for my 9 year old daughter's birthday, and Brother will not pay for shipping to repair it.  It's just the principal of the thing, they should pay for shipping to fix their defective merchandise."
Perfect i love it for me it have 10 star. Excellent. Very good sew.
Not very powerful
Love it
"Pretty good, but the reverse mechanism is somewhat awkward; you need to hold down the button to keep it in reverse.  If you don't care about reverse much, then it's a good machine."
"I am not a seamstress. Before buying this sewing machine, I had a really nice, expensive one that I gave to my niece after it developed a tension issue that I was too lazy to figure out. I've sewed armholes shut when trying to make shirts. The only successful projects I've done before this was sewing block quilts on my mom's Singer. So I'm not someone looking for an amazing machine that can do a million stitches.

This sewing machine is great for the person who just wants to sew something simple. I want to do Halloween costumes and such because I now have a son. I've done a Jake and the Neverland Pirates vest. I've done an adult Woody vest for my husband. I've sewn ric rac and doodads on a tshirt to make a Jessie shirt for me. I've sewn chaps for Jessie. It went really well.

The most difficult thing has been getting the bobbin thread to come up properly. You really have to get it into the little groove. (Search online and you'll find some good tutorials on You Tube for threading the top and the bobbin.)

Getting the thread on the bobbin is easy. I've been really happy with it.

Complaints:
1. I hadn't realized how much muscle memory I had from using my mom's sewing machine as a child. I keep going to the back of the machine for the switch to flip the foot up. The switch here is in a weird location in the arch and just not ideal. You have to really take your hands off the material to get that flipped up.
2. The bobbin thing could be better and every once in while, it will grab the top thread and get knotted up. Being patient gets it out and I usually realize it was because I didn't have something threaded completely correctly. But a couple times, I think it just decided to be difficult for no good reason.
3. The foot pedal could be heavier. It slides around a bit and is just not as sturdy as my mom's old Singer. (But then again, her Singer was a NICE Singer that is now 40+ years old and still in use by a much more talented older sister of mine). I'll be happy if this machine lasts as long as I need it to to make costumes for Halloween for my son the next few years. I think it will."
I love my new sewing machine. I especially love that I did not have to spend a ton of money. I can't wait to start on my wardrobe for next spring now that it's here. By the way it shipped and arrived at my house extremely fast as well.
"Had it for 4 years, no issues.  Just wish Brother could have Americans build their stuff as they used to."
Thank you! a perfect gift!
I've never sold anything before in my life however this machine is very easy to use even though I have nothing else to compare it to I did however sew my Halloween costume by using this machine and watching YouTube videos. That's the only reason why I bought the machine now I will save extra money by learning how to hem and straight leg my pants!
Cheap
Nice one with all the advanced and extensive features.
The machine is great but the instruction manual is very confusing.
"I didn't know it had to be put together. It is still in the box and I'm
waiting for some help. After it is up and running I can revise my review."
Great value! Very easy to use and sewing very well.
its perfect for me. its easy to work with. especially if you are a beginner like me.
"Great buy!  The automatic threading takes a little getting used to, but it works great!"
"Easy to use. I purchased this for my mom but I've used it more than her! Makes sewing very easy. Sewed all my ripped boxers, socks, shirts and pants. Lots of different features that I have yet to learn about. Great purchase"
"Terrific little machine for the money and delivered in two days for less than what I can buy it for in a local store! It does everything I would want for minor sewing.  I bought it for my out of town family who didn't have a sewing machine and don't sew at all, not even buttons!  I use it when visiting to make kids costumes and to do general repair, hemming etc for the family.  My 5 year old granddaughter is fascinated with this and wants to learn how to sew. She loves fabric and everything about sewing.  I let her run seams while sitting on my lap and keeping her fingers away from the needle.  Two negatives:  There is no case available and the one standard case costs about 40% of the price of this machine and it's just a plastic hulk.  Also, I wish there were a needle cage available as an add-on like there is standard on the 3/4 size machines made for kids. The Hello Kitty machine has this but costs quite a bit more probably because of licensing."
"Great for beginners.  I watched YouTube videos to learn about setup and using the machine.  It's easy to thread and I've sewed a variety of items with it.  The only downsides so far are that it doesn't have a clear presser foot (which would help with applique) or a walking foot (which would help with quilting).  Otherwise, it has had all the basics for my beginner projects."
"This is for newbies maybe, any attempt to use this thing more than a few stiches led to some major problems. Actually returned it for a refund it was so bad."
good for my beginning skills
"This sewing machine is more than I expected.  It is the first time that I buy one and I do not even know how to sew, I just like it and is my first sewing machine and I love it, is easy to use and the job is great, I  have had no problems and I am getting better and better just reading the manual, Great buy!!!! 5 stars definetely!!!!"
Arrived fast and as described.
"Works great.. the instructions on how to weave the thread through was a bit confusing but once i figured it out, it was easy"
Great product at great price! Thanks for your services!
this arrived right away. Affordable as this was a Purchase for a 12 year old and this will work for her for many years.
"I am very satisfied with this Brother sewing machine.  I have been using it for one month.  It is easy to learn to use, has an automatic needle threader, which is worth its weight in gold to me, a bifocals wearer.  I wanted a mechanical machine that I could carry to my sewing group, and this is lightweight, yet sturdy.  It came very promptly, in only two days.  I couldn't be happier."
yet to try it
Loaded with features and so far seems to perform quite well. I'm not a tailor by any stretch so I cannot say more at this point. Found the repeating instructions in different languages at each step in the manual too be very annoying and distracting. The bobbin loading was not explained very well which was the most challenging aspect to master before I could assess whether or not the machine performed well.
I was very disapointed as the machine does not work at all. The repairman I took it to said the timing is not right and would need to be taken apart to be adjusted. I decided not to have it fixed but to return it. The needle breaks every time you use it and I do not intend to spend any  more on it. Too bad as all other purchased items from Amazon have been excellent.
Great product. It's easy to thread and is hard to mess up. I'm an amateur seamstress and I've put this little machine through the ringer and it keeps spitting out great results. I like it a lot.
"I've been using this machine for several months and I'm very happy with it. It performs very well, and it's very reasonably priced. This is a great machine for beginner or casual sewers."
Great product butt I return it cause missing some parts ....
"I had some trouble with the drop in bobbin not threading right, but it works perfectly now.  If it weren't for this, I would have rated this 5 stars."
a regular work horse
"Easy to use, accurate, smooth, high performance. Many different possibilities for sewing garnments and other crafts, easily. Delivered on time, perfectly packaged and handled.  I love it!"
Excellent I like
Used for over a year now keeps up with all my projects.  Although it seems to unthread the needle often could be my fault too
Great product easy to use and light weight
"The machine arrived on time and was delivered in the sewing machine packaging.
Inside the machine came with a simple cover (with material much like the reusable grocery bags).

This specific machine does not have a carry handle. Also, it does not have a utility drawer that is attached to the machine.
Instead, the tools that come standard with the machine are in a removable pocket in the front end (where the drawer can typically be found). Also the tools are in a ziplock bag. I must have missed reading about that in the product info and the reviews but it's not very convenient once the zip lock falls apart with use. Please fix this Brother."
"I haven't touched a sewing machine in at least 15 years (since I was a kid), and I had no trouble whatsoever getting this machine going. It's easy to use and the manual is easy to read. As a beginner, I'm totally happy with this purchase. It wasn't a huge investment, and it seems to do anything I want to do. My friend who is a more experienced sewer is jealous of this machine!"
"Bought last year for sewing my Hallowing costume.
I love it so much! It's light, precise, and have different stitches.
I totally recommend this product."
Never ever have I spent to little for so much quality and ease of use. I bought this for my 12 year old daughter and with 20 minutes of looking at the manual we made a bobbin and she was sewing it is great.
"Was and am pleased with my new sewing machine. I am not the best sewer, but the Brother is just what I needed. And it came quickly and w/o any damage."
Best machine I've used in years. My friend would loan me her Brother machine and I liked it.  I have not been able to figure out the self-threading part though. No problems with it whqtsoever.
I've had the machine for about 1-1/2 years and only operating for the last month.  The bottom thread kept bunching up so I had to take it to a repair shop to get it fixed.  It easy to use and good for beginners but it's not a durable machine.
Self threaders does not work well.
Brother machine make me very happy is a very good machine
Awesome sewing machine!
"I have had this machine a little over a year, I have used it may be 5 times. As I was sewing fleece tonight I heard a loud bang, I mean LOUD, it almost made me gall out of my chair and then a rattling noise. It just stopped working. The only things I have sewn with it were very light fabrics, strictly fleece and cotton. Buy another machine because this one seriously blew up with almost no use. Whatever snapped was deep inside the machine. I have always used correct thread tension and appropriate needles when using the machine and only very small light projects. Highly disappointed and dissatisfied with this machine. I am happy whatever broke didn't come flying out of the machine, the bang that it did make was terrifying."
"This machine is very easy to learn and use.  It is light weight with a built in grip type handle that was not mentioned in the description.  It is quiet.  The optional feet and fancy stitches were plenty for me.  It is easy to thread, especially with helpfu needle threader.  I have been sewing since middle school Home Economics class fifty seven years ago.  I am delighted with my new machine and it's modest price.  It is the first Brother I have had.  It has been a good introduction to the brand."
A fine little unit.
"I am super happy with this sewing machine. I would say I have average sewing abilities. I wanted a sewing machine to work on some craft projects, etc that would not be a constant headaches, with breaking needles and getting thread all knotted up like other machines I have owned. So far this has been great. It's easy to thread and wind/load bobbins. The only trouble I have is remembering to raise/lower the presser foot on the right behind the needle instead of left. I still go to do It on the left every time! Otherwise, not one problem...This was shipped very quickly from Amazon and packaged very safely."
perfect daughter loved it
It was great untill it started skipping stiches. Im just happy it happened with in 30 days. amazon let me return it
"Bought it for Mom - she's in her 90's and can still do all my alterations!  She was able to get it set up and running without any trouble.  Help is available via an 800 number, but she loves reading the directions and working things out.  A great little machine!"
LOVE this machine!! Great price great sewing machine
Fantastic!!!
"Works great but am a beginner at sewing.  Instructions for tension and stitch width and length could have a few more directions for those who are clueless.
Is there a SMART sewing machine that auto selects everything you need?"
"Buy this. Buy it, then return it so you can buy it again. It's that awesome, and AMAZINGLY cheap."
excellent product
Absolutely love this sewing machine. Instructions are easy to follow.
Great for basics & more
"My little granddaughter is going to be so surprised for her birthday.  It's a great machine, & a great price.  Thank you"
"This is the best purchase I have made in a LONG time.  Great for beginners and for advanced sewers-
For the price-point! You will get NO better deal. Unless you sew for a living... you don't need anything other than this machine. I am thrilled with it."
"It was everything they said it was, very easy to use"
"This is a great little machine, I'm very impressed!  I recently took this machine to an orphanage in Haiti and used it with the children, it ran perfect.  The children had such a great time learning to sew.  Would love to have left five more of this machine with them.  I consider myself a sewing machine snob and was so surprised to find a machine of this price range to be so efficient."
I absolutely love this machine!  I'm a self taught sewer and this has helped me learn so much more already.  Very easy to use and works like a charm!!
It works perfectly. Absolutely no complaints. I can repair my work and casual clothes in minutes.
"I am a beginner at sewing, but I actually find this machine easy to use."
Great price and it works great.
"Cheap junk, broke with much haste."
worth every penny!
This isn't a review about performance since I have yet to use the machine. I just opened the package and it appears that the tape holding some cardboard in place during shipping made the label on the front of the machine bubble. It wouldn't be a huge deal but it's a gift and doesn't look brand new.
Easy payment. Fast shipping. Works as advertised.
Good machine for the price
wifes present seems ssatisfied
excelen
"I have used a sewing machine only a few times in my life, and not recently. I needed to do a project for my granddaughter's birthday party, which was way to much to do by hand. After reading the reviews on this machine, I decided to try it. I was afraid the threading of the machine would be confusing. Much to my surprise it was simple. The machine sews very well, and was so easy to use. The bobbin threads without a problem. This is a great beginner machine. I'm so happy with my purchase."
"I've been sewing for over 50 years and my brand of choice is Janome but I needed a second machine for my second home. I wanted something under $100. with a few features but definitely a light, self threading (eyesight is getting poorer), and reverse. Janome had nothing in my price range so I went to my second company, Brother. This machine is rated very well and I finally ordered it. It arrived today and I've used it in all it's capacities. The light is as bright as most other non-LED lights. The self-threader works well, just follow directions carefully the first time. Threading and bobbin winding are simple if you follow the schematic and directions. The size is nice, not flimsy or too light weight and it comes with several popular attachments. I expect to be making aprons, curtains, Halloween costumes, appliance covers, maybe clothing. This should work well. Today I doubled a piece of quilted fabric and it sewed very nicely. I will be extra cautious about sewing over straight pins as it will probably mess up the tensions. If it lasts a few years, I'll be happy. If you're interested in quilting, the next model XL3750 is not too much more costly but had lots of extras for quilting use."
"my daughter is enjoying her machine, the entire family is benefitting from it"
This is a great value.  Both my wife and daughter were able to use it right out of the box.  The instructions were clear and understandable.
Worked great. Speedy shipping.  Surprised with its robustness.  First project was a 10 foot ripstop nylon hammock and a 10x10 tarp. No issues.
Love this sewing machine...so easy to use...have been able to sew like never before. I would recommend this machine to anyone who needs to do mending or easy sewing...it has an embroidery function but I haven't learned that yet. Also has some finishing stitches.. was a great buy!
I still cant figure out how to use this machine. I had a factory machine back home was so use to it. But this is giving me the hardest time
simple and easy to set up and sew. Way better price then the big box store.
"This is really everything you need for a basic sewing machine. Everything worked and I received it in a reasonable amount of time. Has the ""just came from the factory smell"" but works.  One downside I would say is that when the pedal is pressed gently, it doesn't go and just hums. When you push down on the pedal enough to get it to go, it takes off like a rocket. I would prefer a more sensitive pedal."
Perfect first machine.  Even my 7 year old granddaughter can use it.
"I've been using this machine for a little over a year now. I taught myself how to sew/quilt on this machine off youtube videos and it has served it's purpose and been amazing. I haven't had a single problem but I have found myself desiring a few more features higher end models have (mostly an automatic needle stopping position.)

I make sure to clean the machine between each quilt because it does get a lot of lint. This being my first machine I am not sure how normal that is but I certainly haven't found it to be a problem or nuisance. After a year I have made close to 15 quilts and this machine feels like it could make a couple more years worth.

To be honest though, I have had to purchase a free motion quilting foot but only because I quilt. Also, it isn't the quietest machine but neither of these are worth knocking off any stars for the price. I highly recommend this little guy!"
My daughter bought this for herself and she says she is very happy with it and she uses it all the time. She did not know how to sew with a machine before using this so you don't need to know anything to use it. She just looked up directions for things on youtube and basically taught herself.
"I used this product to produce a one of a kind bed comforter.  It worked without flaws, and is easy to store."
great
"Havent used it yet, looks nice."
"Very easy to use. I had never sewn anything previously to buying this machine, I bought it to make burp clothes etc for the arrival of my LO.  I learned that it is a super easy machine and even changed the foot to a walking foot to handle sewing minky fabric. So glad I bought this machine - great for beginners!"
Great sewing perfect 4 small thing
"I have only used it to sew some straight seams, but it is not noisy and seems to work quite well. I definitely think it is a wonderful dollar value. I was also pleased with the delivery."
My wife and GGrandaughters loved this machine. A very good basic machine. And the price was right.
cool one
It's a beauty
"I've never really sewed before, so I'm still learning all the ins and outs of it.  So far, I really like it. It works great. It's easy to thread. I'm sure once I've used it for a while I'll love it."
Great price
It does what I need to do.  Good.
"This machine is AMAZING for the price! I used it pretty much everyday for 5-10 hours a day for 4 months now and it has held up great. I did have a little trouble with the bobbin thread getting tangled up every now and then but that's the only problem that I've had so far. This machine is great for beginners and just sewers in general who are looking for a decent machine, but are also on a budget. It's very easy to use and loading the bobbin is a breeze."
Perfect for me has just the necessary to make just about anything you like
"Excellent product, as far as quality, however, have not use the product. Waiting to purchase a cabinet for the machine."
Easy to use!!!  I've not gotten into using the various stitches & tensions yet.
"I am very happy with this machine. The the self threading device was a bit odd to figure out, but once I figured it out it has been a great option. The  machine comes with an easy to follow quick start instructions that picture the steps to get started. I couldn't be happier!"
Love this sewing machine Works great I highly recommend it
none
good!
The directions for this are very confusing. I still cant figure out how to make me thread not get lose and make loops while im sewing with this. Makes me quite mad. But it does sew alot faster than doing it by hand like ive always done. Maybe get something easier for beginners.
I received this as a present almost two years ago I believe.. Ive used it once. I will be taking a class to help me! hahaha does come with a very detailed manual!
No complaints. Love it.
Very unimpressed with how it was sent. It was sent in it's display box which arrived at my door pretty beat up. Otherwise I'm pretty happy with the machine
"This was my first sewing machine. I had taken a sewing class many years ago and liked the idea  of being a ""self sufficient-ish woman"" so I got the machine.

One star is taken off because of the instructions. The way the spanish and english flow together makes it difficult to sit down to read all at once.

I was a little confused at the drop-in bobbin after reading the reviews. There are videos on Yoo Toob if you search under ""Brother XL2600I"" of a lady showing you how to wind the bobbin, how to load the bobbin, etc. These were very helpful and I refer to them often when using the machine (which I have used frequently enough and consistently enough to remember how to use without using a reference)

It comes with a nice variety of feet and some needles and other accessories.

All in all, I think this is a great machine for a beginner like me. It's fancy enough to not be basic, but not so overwhelming as to be intimidating. I've had it for over a year now and it's still going strong, although like I said, that is with intermittent usage.

I wish it came with a case so I could take it to sewing classes easier."
"Got it as a birthday gift. she loves it! apply the thread was super easy, and there's indicators on the machine of the order to use the device, very user friendly!"
My mother loves it. She is 80 and has problems with her hands. This is simple and easy to manage for her.
as supposed who brought accessories and a lie! there was no accessories.
"The sewing machine jammed and the thread continued to break. The mechanism that connects the thread to the needle stopped working! I've ONLY had this for ONE day. I was devastated because I was so excited. I will be returning. Waste of money, anticipation, and time."
good
No problems with the machine. Comes with a handful of bobbins and needle options. I'm a novice so all the troubles I've been having I can only blame myself!
"Very easy to use.. I never even read the instructions but I did watch a youtube video about how to thread it (easier to watch than read).  It's super simple once you know how.  I don't recommend even looking at the instructions.. just go to youtube and watch a tutorial video there.

Machine is solid, not a toy and has an easy threader for the needle.  Lots of different stitches that I have no idea what are for but I'll eventually learn.  I just needed a simple stitch to sew fleece puppets and clothes for them.  It's perfect.  This is a great starter machine for anyone and is still quite affordable and not a piece of junk like lesser priced machines in the 60$ and below range.  Again, it's a starter machine, but well build and solid and not a toy like cheaper machines.  You can actually do some good work with this."
price is good!
Love my sewing machine. I have had it for two years and have had no problems! Does all the basics and then some. It also is lightweight and easy to move around. I have made hundreds of items on it and don't know what I would do without it. Great buy!
A good price. A little shoddily built. The dials are really stiff and feel like they can break if I'm not careful. It does strain a lot even on lighter fabrics so would only recommend this if you do occasional sewing say... once a month.
Perfect for the little sewing I do!
"I bought this for my grand daughter she wanted to make costume for Cosplay. My machine was over 30 years old so I thought she should have a new machine. Well we made her costume and loved the machine. It's easy to use. Came with bobbins and other fittings. Easy to thread. She went on line a couple of times to watch video to thread. That was sure handy.
This machine made it easy for her to learn and she enjoyed using it.
Thank you so much for making her first item easy to make. Now we are looking at pattern for shorts.

Pat"
"Nice little machine, bargain priced"
I haven't used it much so far but it performs well so far. No problems once I passed the learning stage. Seems well made and light enough to easily tote around.
This is a great beginning sewing machine. I gave it to my granddaughter for her birthday. We've had it for six months and absolutely no problem. Good instructions and easy to manage.
"I haveNEVER touched a sewing machine before, but at 29 years old with a 19 month old and another on the way, I really wanted to learn how to sew to make them blankets and my daughter pillowcase dresses because I think they are cute. When it arrived, I left it in the box and began reading the manual. I was still too intimidated to touch it so waited till I went to visit my mom. Within minutes, she had the machine ready to rumble. I told her that once the bobbin thread ran out, I wanted to try doing it by myself. I was able to do the top and bottom threading with little difficulty. We started making a rag quilt and it has had no problem sewing through three layers of flannel. It has been a little champ so far!"
Working great... Light weight and easy to use...Thanks
I am not someone who can sew by no means.  It's not a God given talent.  My mom is always wanting me to sew something for her so I needed a sewing machine that someone like me could use and this is the one.  It's incredibly easy.  Especially dealing with the bobbin's.  What a struggle I used to have on her old machine.  And you have so many choices.  For a non sewer this is one machine I can use.
I've never had a machine with the needle threader...super useful!
"very good machine for enthusiasts and professionals .. I recommend .. is very complete and light

muy buena maquina para entusiastas y profesionales.. la recomiendo.. es muy completa y liviana"
"This is my very first sewing machine of my own! It is a very easy machine to learn how to sew on. It is a great gift for a beginner who is interested in learning to sew! Has many different types of stitches, and is super easy to thread the machine!"
Great little machine!  Doesn't work for designs or fancy stitches but sews great.  Really good for beginners.
Exceellent. Works like a charm!
Durable for a person who is not an expert
LOVE IT I CAN'T BELIEVE THE THINGS I'M ABLE TO DO WITH THIS. I CAN'T WAIT UNTIL I CAN EXPLORE IT MORE
Need more practice it's ok
Professional
great little machine
Great price and quality. Easy to use.
"I'm a wood ship model builder, and I purchased this machine for the purpose of sewing sails for the ships I'm building.  So far, this machine is up to the task.  For the price, I feel it's an exceptional value for my purposes."
"This is/was my first sewing machine. Very easy to use, and it has multiple stitching options. I was happy to see it came with extra needles. Great for beginners that don't want to spend a lot of money."
Great little machine for a beginner sewer.
perfect
great love it
I'm a beginner and I'm sewing already! Easy to use.
Works great
Perfect machine for a beginner.
"Arrived on time in perfect condition.  Sews nicely, great value sewing machine"
Perfect!
"Purchased this machine and the sewing arm would not move at all. The motor would run, but nothing would happen.  Very shoddy."
Bought it for my wife who wants to make some little things for the children. It took a little while for us to figure out how to use it. We never used a sew machine before. It works well. One thing I would complain about it is the cables are too short. Especially the cable connects to the paddle. We wanted to put the this thing on a high table in order to avoid hurting the kids. But you can't use the machine since the cable is too short. That's why only give it 4 stars.
excelente producto
So pleased from start to finish.  I know I will be very pleased with this machine.  User friendly and very clear instructions.  You tube has a tutorial which is very helpful for this model #.  Machine sews great.
This thing is great for a first time sewing machine user. Good machine.
"Remarkably good, excellent for the price. We decided to go with this instead of fixing our other sewing machine, and this has exceeded our expectations."
"Absolutely love this sewing machine. I purchased specifically for a t-shirt keepsake quilt for my young daughter. I haven't sewn in many, many years but this machine was relatively easy to set up and use. It's a far cry from my mother's old, heavy machine which I used back in the early 80s.

I love the needle threading feature although it's just as easy to thread by hand.

I wish there was a ""guide"" for ensuring you keep your item perfect and straight when sewing, but I suspect that comes with practice.

Would highly recommend."
"Love my new sewing machine. Didn't take long to learn how to use all the different stitches, threading the bobbin is easy. Would recommend it to anyone who is looking for a new sewing machine."
"Delivery was in time, and i love this machine. I had a cheaper one before, which one wasn't good at all, i wish i would order this Brothers earlier. Easy set up, and easy to use too. I highly recommend it."
"Learned how to sew at 32 with this machine. I made my third baby's room decor, my second kid's comforter, burp cloths, quilts, blankets, etc. super easy!  No problems. (And I hated to sew anything)"
This sewing machine has performed well.  The only issues we had was that sometimes the tension would get all messed up in the bottom part.  Luckily it is warrantied by Brother so we were able to get them to repair it for no cost to us.
Very good for the money. Lots and lots of stitch patterns. Comes with a couple feet and needles too.
I bought this to teach my 12 year old how to sew. So far it has been easy to work with and performs very well. The instructions are good enough to get me through it and I have very little experience. Glad I chose this one
Great little machine that does all the basic functions and is light-weight.  I bought it to take with me to various functions because my Janome weighs a ton. The package of sewing feet and bobbins that I bought for my Janome also fit this machine.  This has worked out really well.
Do not get if you want to do any shirring. Brother machines apparently won't do shirring because you cannot adjust the bobbin tension. Good for straight lines and zigzags.
Great for a first timer!
"the tension was broken. bought 2 just to see if it was my first machine. but nope, but machines the tension was broken and all stitches were too loose"
Very  hard time getting started and I have been sewing for 50 years...........cannot slide the two pieces of the needle plate cover together no matter what I do!................It is 4th of July weekend and I will not be able to use your 800 # until Tuesday..........frustrating
"I think I got a lemon...sewing machine will jam at the drop of a hat. Most of the time it will have too much or too little tension, causing the fabric to pucker. Adjusting the tension does not help. I have found that if I change the stitch settings a few times and then go back to the stitch I want to use it will sometimes correct the tension. But most times I just have to give up. Unfortunately I did not return it in time and am stuck with a sewing machine with a mind of its own."
VERY NICE
We love it so far....
"Great machine for the price! It took a bit to get used to how it works compared to the old Singer I had been using, but I needed a budget friendly machine for diapers, dresses and other misc. products. It works great! Easy to thread the machine and bobbin, LOVE that automatic needle threader. I do wish it worked better for heavier fabrics, but I wasn't expecting this to be a heavy duty machine so it's not a huge deal. All the extra stitches are wonderful too, I just need to figure out a project to use them on :)"
"When I start useing , its skip the stich"
Good quality and fast shipping service. The grand-daughter loved it.
I bought the sewing machine for my daughter to do a quilting project on and she loved all the features on the machine.  She used several stitch settings.  It is easy to thread and fill the bobbin.  The machine worked great. She is now working on another project.
"Beautiful , Never really encountered any problems buying"
Nice machine for people like me who don't really sew.
"Great so far.  Haven't had any trouble.  But I am just starting to sew, so we'll see what comes up."
"LOVE this machine!  Works so well, easy to use and set up.  Great quality, good price!"
So far has worked great.  Have a little bit more to learn since it is different from my old one.
"Absolutely impressed with the quality and features of this machine.  Especially the automatic needle threader.  Almost stopped sewing, because I couldn't thread a needle.  THANK YOU."
Excelent machine sew the button hole and the button itself automaticly. Perfect gift for my mother in law she enjoy it!!
Now I can do repairs and shorten pants and jeans! I've been talking about getting a sewing machine forever and now I can finally take on that pile of clothes that need fixing!
"I had this machine since 08/2011 and was great deal for the money. Versatile for many sewing jobs and fabrics. I had some trouble adjusting bobbin tension, but nothing wrong with the machine, good manual to learn and support from brother classes and network. I did do jeans seems, heavy fabric work, and light fabric as well and by using different, appropriate needles, stitches as instructed in the manual - simple to the point as it should be."
"The machine works great, the button holes on this machine are soooooo easy. I am a beginner machine sewer and this was the perfect thing for me. This is a wonderful sewing machine. The sewing machine was what I expected and a little more. I was in the process of reupholstering a boat and the fabrics used where heavy. I had no problems also, the controls set up is very user friendly."
I was able to sew within 10 minutes of set up and the needle threader is great. The only thing that could be better is where you lift up the foot guide to move the fabric is in an awkward spot on the inside of the machine instead of the back so you have to reach around the back of the machine and kind of loop your hand through the middle to get the foot guide up or down.
"I was using my moms ancient JCP sewing machine that I had to google how to use every single time I pulled it out.

My husband bought me this based on reviews and it is a great machine for my needs. I am a very beginner sewer, but I make rice bags for my business so I needed something easy to use, lightweight and affordable. This fit all of that. It was basically read to use right out of the box and the manual was also easy for me to follow. I would recommend this machine to anyone!"
"it's a good product but the real pain is when every now and again the sewing machine get stuck and sews in one place messing up the fabric. Also, threading is very hard if you don't have either petite fingers or if you are advanced at threading needles and things of that sort. This is my third sewing machine and by far the best. I am a beginner machine sewer and this was the perfect thing for me."
"This is my first machine and it is simple to uae.  I need nothing fancy.  The only problem I have is that when I reverse it to finish off a seam, the bobbin snares, so I just quit doing that."
"Even though she is not an avid quilter like me, our daughter needed a reliable sewing machine. She did not need all the bells and whistles...this was the perfect choice, and an amazing price. Will consider buying again when the granddaughters start to sew."
"This is a wonderful sewing machine. I am using it to teach my 11 year old daughter how to sew as well as re-teach myself. It works really well for everything we have tried so far. It does seem to complain a bit with the thicker layers of fabric but it didn't mess up or miss any stitches. Be sure your thread the bobbin correctly the tension on that is easy to miss. It took me a minute to set up and start sewing and I find that I can do just about any project with this machine fairly easily. So far I have made two doll dresses and a supper fluffy ruffled skirt for my toddler. It stiches evenly and the decorative stitches are fun. I defiantly recommend this for beginners and anyone else who just wants a good sewing machine.

1/9/15 I wanted to add that I have used this to sew a heavy corduroy and it does handle it rather well, gets slowed down with the thicker layers but all in all it did stitch rather smoothly and I am happy at how the garment turned out. I did use a heavy duty needle with it as well as stronger thread and bobin to prevent breaking."
It balked up today as I sewed so I'm not pleased with it.
"This is a great machine.  I am not a beginner sewer but I wouldn't call myself an expert either.  I grew up sewing with my mom and grandma but hadn't done anything since I got married and moved out.  I had a couple projects I wanted to do so I bought this machine and it is great!  Good price, easy to use and small to put away!"
"I gave this to my granddaughter for Christmas. She was surprised and uses it for her 4-H and summer projects as well as mending and tailoring some other clothes. As a beginner, she really likes this machine and it has all the accessories she needs at this time."
"The sewing machine was what I expected and a little more.  I was in the process of reupholstering a boat and the fabrics used where heavy. I had no problems also, the controls set up is very user friendly."
The stitching is good but I find the instructions poor. Of course they have English than Spanish together instead of having English in the front of the book than a section for Spanish and any other language.  I just don't find them easy to read. . The sewing machine sews great.
"Update:
I've had this machine over two years now and it's still going strong! I use it often and I've made two quilts on it with no problems! I sometimes think about buying a more high-end machine but this one really does everything I need.
--------
After struggling for years with a very old, very moody SInger (complete with drop-in cams to change stitches), this machine is a breeze! I found it very easy to use. I took it out of the box, checked out the manual to make sure I knew where everything was, and started sewing right away. I have used a variety of fabrics, from thin cotton to duck canvas, and haven't had an issue (I even sewed Barbie clothes and didn't have any problems). The self-threader is so nice! As is the simple drop-in bobbin. Makes getting right into my project so much easier. If you're used to using a more high-end machine, this may not have all the features you're used to, but it has everything you need, in my opinion. I use this along with my Brother Serger and have made some very high-quality items because of the pair. And as with most items, your personal skill level can be a very important factor in how well your items turn out with a particular machine. I recommend some practice stitching and techniques on scrap fabric before starting a project with a new machine you haven't used before so you can get used to the tension, stitch length, and how the feed dogs pull the fabric."
I haven't sewn in over 20 years. This was a good price for starting out again. I would recommend it.
"I was unsure about ordering this machine since I had previously owned two Singer machines. I was pleasantly surprised by this machine. It was easy to set up and use. I was having a hard time at first because I was over-complicating the process. I mainly needed the machine to sew a skirt, so I did not need any complicated stitches. I had not been on a sewing machine for almost 5 years and this machine made me feel like a pro! All I really needed was to thread the bobbin, and the machine (using the quick user guide included) and I was off to the races. One thing I did run into was the thread. I thought I had destroyed the machine, but it turned out to be the stretchy thread I switched over too. I switched back to the polyester thread and all was well! I need to test the other stitches at some point, but so far I am satisfied with this machine."
I got this to replace an older Singer machine I had and it has really been good and easy to use.  I'm no seamstress but for everyday mending and little things it has been great!
This sewing machine is excellent.  I teach sewing and this machine is easy to learn but has all the qualities of an expensive sewing machine.
It is a very modern sewing machine that combines a lot of options with simplicity. The book helps a lot to learn how to used.
"I happened to find this at a super sale price after researching sewing machines thoroughly.  I've owned it for more than a year now, and it's never let me down yet.  I've been able to zip through everything from hemming jeans and sewing fake fur costumes, to working with delicate fabrics.

It sometimes has taken me a little longer to perfectly adjust the thread tension when changing fabric types (compared to the Singer I grew up with) and I'm not a huge fan of the threading set up - but it's a great little machine for the price and isn't hard to learn to use.

I would certainly recommend this machine to anyone looking for a great basic sewing machine."
"I owned an industrial machine (Sailrite) for 6 years, but bought this for smaller projects and lighter weight fabrics, like cotton. What a beautiful machine for the price! The reverse button is convenient, the presser foot is nice and even. On my Sailrite, I can never get the machine to go at an even pace. I now try to do as much as possible on my Brother Machine, in fact, I just finished making some cushions for our boat. I had no problems with breaking thread, the correct tension, presser foot attachments falling off, all issues I have with my $900 Sailrite machiine."
i use this sewing machine for many tasks.  the main reason i bought it was to sew patches on my motorcycle vest.  I have a denim vest and my wife has leather.  This has worked flawlessly for the task.
"Great simple little machine. Outweighs the price of others for regular pricey machines. Threader option kind of sucks, but that is more of a bell and whistle. I am very happy as a novice to be using this machine that treats me very well."
"I bought this from Amazon in August 2012 and have loved it until..... until it would sew a few stitches and then get stuck on something. Bobbin thread gets doubled and breaks but machine is still threaded. Spoke to Brother customer service. Warranty is good for one year. They said the only thing to do now is get it serviced. That will be a minimum of $35.00 where I live and that's about half the price of the machine. Also feed dogs do not drop, you have to cover them with a plastic piece in order not to have fabric travel for embroidering or quilting. And that makes pressure foot too tight.  No adjustment possible.

I'm afraid to buy another model Brother, but under $300.00 what do I expect?"
Love it!  Great machine for a beginner.  I just started sewing and this is really easy for me to use.
My Wife loves it. So far no complains on it. everything work like it should! I would recommend this product.
It works perfectly . I give it ten stars
"This machine is a great buy for the price. It does one step buttonholes, sews through heavy material (jeans) and has a nice selection of stitches. Just don't try to open the plastic enclosing case to oil all the parts inside yourself--I did, and I broke the tension beyond repair."
"This is my first sewing machine ever.  I did not know how to put the string in the sewing machine or anything, but they have arrows on the sewing machine and numbers showing you step by step how to string it.  Then if you do not understand, there is a tutorial by Brother on Youtube!

After stringing, I was sewing in seconds.  My complaint was that I wish they made the cord to the foot longer.  It gives you plenty of different stitches, they are nice and strong, easy adjustments on the tightness, and everything.

If you are a beginner or you just want a more simple, yet good quality sewing machine, then this is the right one for you!"
"This machine was a Christmas gift for myself  and I was VERY excited. It seemed to have good reviews, but this one came broken. We  took it to the dealer to fix it and had to pay more. After 5-6 months, it started having threading issues and poor stitch quality. Very disappointed. Next time I will get a better machine."
"Don't let the price fool you. This machine is as good as any of the two Singers or the Kenmore that I've owned within the past 46 years at a fraction of the cost. It is lightweight, easy to use, holds steady when sewing and I had plenty of light and room on the arm. It threads easily and handled multi-layers of material without any trouble. The enclosed, easy to follow directions answered any questions that I had. I would not hesitate to recommend this machine to a beginner or an experienced seamstress."
"This sewing machine is perfect! I literally took it out of the box and sewed a baby quilt for my niece who is on her way! I have some sewing experience but this was my first quilt and this machine handled it like a champ! I like that the needle is off center from the foot as I can have more control and see closer to the edge, especially on the binding. Love this machine!"
"I ordered this machine after reading multiple reviews while swooning over the affordable price and attractive features. I was worried that the bobbin would give me difficulty after reading other reviews but the threading of the bobbin is pretty straight forward and you just drop it in place. The problem I had as a novice was not realizing how bring the lower thread from the bobbin up through the machine. Once I watched the youtube video [...], it was incredibly simple and I was sewing in no time. I love my new machine!"
"This is the cheapest machine out there, and it's totally worth the price! It has tons of options for sewing types, and it works perfectly. No snags and sews well. No regrets!"
"It was time to replaced my old sewing machine.
This one is light and really enjoy the automatic needle threader! I wish it came with the carrying case and storage.
Very happy about this purchase."
"As I am not anywhere close to a seamstress and just needed to sew seams together, this machine was perfect for me. However, I think it does much more. Easy to thread and use. Instructions were clear and concise. Brother also has a good website if you need further clarification."
I'm just learning how to sew and this machine is great! It threads itself and has easy to read instructions.
"It is a great beginner sewing machine. It can handle some heavier fabrics than expected, such as leather and denim. It doesn't have to many fancy features, which I don't want anyways. Does come with a nice selection of stitch patterns. The light on it is nice and bright making sewing that much easier."
"Love the machine.  It works great!  However, it came a little banged up and broken on one side.  Still works fine, so I opted not to go through the hassle of returning and everything."
keeps jamming up but over all pretty good product. Works well for making personal projects but as a fashion student I prefer the industrial machines.
"Love it! There are so many cool things you can do with an inexpensive basic sewing machine, and this Brother XL2600i is easy to use and has given me no problems. It's not made for sewing 6 layers of heavy denim/leather but anything else you throw at it, it can handle."
This machine is something I have wanted for a long time and I got it in record time and the fun is now starting.  I can't wait to try all  my ideas and this beauty will get me there.
I decided to start sewing at the age of 31... completely clueless and I snagged this up on a deal... AWESOME DECISION!!!  I love it!!
Easy sewing machine for beginners. I used it right away and I have sewn an infinity scarf and I made a blanket in less than 2 weeks.
"I rate this a 5.  Love it and easy yo use.
The brother XL 2600i is an excellent machine n it was delivered tely"
"I ordered this for my adult daughter's birthday.  When she started to use it, the feed dogs did not move the fabric.  It was completely defective.  The nearest service center is 1 1/2 hours away.  Shipping will cost $25 each way."
I purchased this as a birthday gift for my daughter.  We reviewed feedback on a number of machines and this was most highly rated for the price. My daughter has only used it a few times but so far she likes it. It arrived quickly and in good condition.
"I needed a new machine quickly, because I was in the middle of a project and needed to finish. Nice even stitch quality. Threaded it in less than three minutes after a opened it. Already finished two pillows and working on a second pair of pants. I would not recommend this machine for button holes. It's just not equipped for them. I tried several times make them. I would suggest spending about $80 more and getting one of the computerized machines for the button hole feature. Having purchased quite a few of them in the past, that's what I'm buying next. But other than that, it's a good back up machine."
"I really struggled about letting my old machine go, but once I did, I was very well pleased.  I love the self threading feature.  I did initial each knob and dial to remind me what it was for because I had to constantly pick up the instruction manual to check.  The stitches are all tight and even, and to me, that's the most important thing"
I got all my granddaughters one of these sewing machines.  They are all learning a lot and happy with the product
"Great machine!! Does everything it claims, great for learning on !! I bought for myself and daughter and after several months we love it!!"
"I love this sewing machine! I hadn't sewed since some basic classes they made us take in highschool, and that was over 15 years ago, but I had no trouble getting back into it and figuring it all out.

The manual explains how to do everything and I've found it very helpful. Threading the needle and winding the bobbin is very straight forward. I've only had the machine a couple of months and I've hemmed jeans, made 2 baby dresses (with buttons and buttonholes!!) and made a memory quilt so far and it's a lot of fun. For someone like me, that just wants to do simple projects for my kids, this machine is fantastic (and very affordable!)."
Works like a charm. I am not a great seamstress by any means but it is fun to practice when I get the time.
Easy to sew.  Do not have to struggle with the threading of the machine. Very light and easy to move around.
This is great for an all around fix 'em up and save some cash machine!  It has not let me down yet.  It is easy to use and seems very well built.
"Bought this for my granddaughter and had it delivered to her door 300 miles from here.  She was excited when it arrived and it arrived well packed and in excellent condition.  She began almost immediately to sew.  The instruction book is easily understood.  I had also purchased everything a sewer would need to start sewing projects, so together, she began an exciting hobby and has sewed several projects already."
it was easy to learn although I was used to a singer. Very smooth running. The ONLY thing I cannot master is the self threading process
Absolutely Love it! It honestly was more then I expected for the great price. It does everthing I needed and more!
I ordered a used sewing machine it arrived broken and it had a unappealing smell. Its unfortunate that it set me back from doing my final project for school.
"It's simple and enough options for my level. I am not a professional tailor but I enjoy making stuff for myself or the kids, simple ones. My friend recommended and I purchased from Amazon. I am happy with my purchase."
"This is my first sewing machine since Home Ec in the seventh grade. My first project is a quilt, and I'm very happy with how this machine is doing. It's easy to thread and does the job well. I haven't been doing anything fancy, but for my purposes it's perfect. The materials are good quality, and I'm pleased."
I really like this sewing machine.  It works really well and the price is just right .  Can't wait to start sewing my own clothes!!
I'm new to sewing and got this cause it was very reasonably priced. I've used it so much and absolutely love it. It's perfect for me!
"I grabbed this machine because it had the right features for the right price-point for me.  I'm a novice seamstress, and I wanted something to learn on that wasn't too expensive.  I tend to drop hobbies, so I didn't want to invest too much in case I lost interest in sewing.  Since owning this machine, I've had the opportunity to use some higher-end machines ($1200+), and it goes without saying that those are far preferable.

My main complaint with this machine is that I wish the space under the arm was more spacious.  Aside from that, I think this is better for a beginner than a more expensive machine.  I noticed that those machines don't really have a ""slow"" setting -- you're going to go moderately fast even if you're trying to take your time.  This machine has the ability to go at a snail's pace, and that is great for me!  Sometimes I really need to go stitch-by-stitch because I'm not a confident sewer, and that's helpful for me. Maybe I'll trade up one day, but for now, I'm satisfied with this machine."
"My wife got this set up and took a long time to get stitching properly.  It seemed touchy.  After a spell it was working OK.  Wished I had bought her a more expensive machine with less issues, but this was a decent one for this price"
"i got this machine a few months ago as a birthday present and, although i very much appreciate the gift, this machine is terrible. the bobbin tension is way too loose for any upper thread tension setting. other than that it worked ok for about a month then all of the sudden the stitches stopped looking right and started getting skipped. I cleaned out all the lint and rethreaded and many more steps and still no good results. bad bad bad bad bad"
"Amazing!!!! For me, a beginner, definitely worth every penny spent!!! I love all the features!!! I am sewing like a pro!"
"Easy to use with great functionality, i.e. needle threader & drop-in, top-loading bobbin. Highly recommend for novice to intermediate users with basic to mid-level sewing needs. Very reasonably price!"
For the price the machine is great!  Simple to use....nothing more to say...just using up your required words.  Blah blah
This is the perfect machine for beginners or anyone just wanting a basic sewing machine.  I say basic but it has more features than I will ever use!  I love that you can purchase additional attachments such as the quilting foot so your crafting projects are limitless.  My 10 year old niece has tried a few projects of her own and has now added this Brother to her birthday wish list!
item was a gift and my daughter was excited over it in the beginning... after using it for sometime... she got even more excited! its a great machine. they all love working on it!
MY WIFE COULD NOT BELIEVE THAT I GOT SUCH AN ADVANCE SEW MACHINE WITH SO  MANY FEATURES FOR SUCH PRICE. THIS IS A PERFECT AND ECONOMIC GIFT.
"I did sewing as a kid, I wanted just a basic machine to get used to it again.
I have sewn through three layers of denim with no problem,.
It goes as slow or as fast as I wish.
Needle threading is a cinch.
What else could you ask for"
great  machine!  great price!  i love this machine it  does everything  i want  it to.  I would  recommend it  to others
"I love this machine, it is just what I needed for small projects.  I made the cutest baby blanket with it."
"I was excited to get this machine for the price and the high marks from the average customer review. I am no stranger to a sewing machine, but this was the first time I had one of my own. I used it casually and had great success with altering clothing and even creating my own garments. Then, one day about a year later, it refused to pick up the zig zag stitch and tell pension as off. I have never jerked it around or broken a needle, I had never had any notable incident until it just decided to not work properly anymore. I hear it costs a great deal to maintain these machines and it hardly seems worth it. Of course this happens right around the time the warranty expires. I will be purchasing a metal bodied janome next and perhaps become a self taught sewing machine mechanic! Very disappointed."
"really good, small and easy to use. I love this sewing machine ! also it is so affordable. I am glad I found it !"
I purchased this for my daughter and had it shipped directly to her.  She was ill at the time and her machine was broken.  I wanted to cheer her up and keep her busy during her recovery.  I have been impressed with the Brother products and that is why I chose this one.  It has passed all expectations and my daughter calls me frequently expounding on the virtues of this sewing machine.  She is delighted with its performance and I'm a happy mother.
"I am not one for instructions but you definitely need to pull out the instruction manual for this one.  maybe I am just not used to all the dials and options but so far so good! This is really user friendly and I have already made two quilts using this!
This machine can handle all of my Pinterest projects so for that it gets a thumbs up! Hopefully I will get many more years of use out of this baby.  Great product for a great price."
"Nice machine, really, but has limitations. Last one I had was made in USA, but I gave that one to my daughter.

This is a small-ish but powerful machine with a lot of choice for different stitches. I will never use half of these stitch styles, but the price was right. This is good for sewing non-large projects. Comes with reasonable attachments, and one needle already installed.

The bobbin replacement door is a nice innovation over the last Brother I had. Bobbin now installs from the top of the sewing bed.

However (Cons):
-1: If you are a quilter, this might not do terribly well for making big or fluffy quilts. There is not a lot of distance between the bed and where one would have to feed the clipped and rolled-up quilt through. They made it so nifty-looking that they made it less versatile. Check the pix --they didn't need to round it in the middle so radically. Meanwhile it has the power for bigger projects, just not a lot of space to feed bulky stuff through.

-1 because Cheap clear plastic film or decal on the Pattern select dial bubbled in 4 days (it's been up to 84 degrees in here because of sunny weather). This is a 1/2 inch by 1/8 inch bubble which appeared on the face of the dial. Couldn't they PRINT the markings on this dial? Or ARE they printed, but there's a plastic film that I'm supposed to know needs to be removed (does anybody know?)? Doesn't seem so, and I didn't dare try too hard to remove whatever this film is supposed to be, in case this film is what the markings needed to know what stitch we're selecting are on. But gee willikers, 84 degrees is hardly a high temperature.

I bought this from another place, because the price was a little better + free shipping + promised delivery 2 days after order placed, which happened. But it's the identical machine."
"I bought this machine for my 8 year old.  It's perfect for a beginner sewer.  It's very simple, the instructions are easy to follow.  The bobbin just pops in, which is a plus.  I highly recommend!"
"I got this for our young daughter who was constantly asking me when she would get her own machine. I would have her ""help"" me often, and started doing sewing lessons with her. As I looked into getting her her own machine for her birthday, I was originally just thinking about getting a kiddie machine. However, after learning how worthless they are, my husband and I decided to spend an extra $50 and get her a real machine. One that would last. It was well worth it. It's nothing special - very basic, but it does what it's suppose to! It runs smooth, has basic stitches, and the reverse stitch is easy for my young daughter - you just pull the lever down with ease. The dials are easy to change the stitch length/width. Easy to thread, and the small size makes it easy to store when not in use. This would be a great beginner machine for all ages.

My daughter just loves to sit on my lap and sew on her very own machine :). We've had it for almost a year, and still no problems."
great gift
This machine has done all of the small sewing repairs Iv'e needed. As a single man with no sewing experience it is a life saver!
"This machine is great for a beginner like me.  I have yet to use all the features, but it is very user-friendly."
I actually bought two of them.  My granddaughter immediately broke hers . I love mine except for threading the needle. Extremely hard to do.  Any tips
perfect
"This is my first sewing machine that i purchased to make cosplay costumes. it works great and not too complicated to set up.

The guide book may be a little difficult to understand, I recommend you find a set up video on youtube.

Everything work perfect like I expected and loves it!"
I don't get to use it much - but it's there when I need it and have the time.  Works fine.  I follow the directions.  That's the best advice I can give --- READ THE DIRECTIONS FIRST.
"I almost didn't buy this machine, because people were talking about it wasn't good enough for seasons people, and they bought it for their young kid.  Well just let me tell you, whether you are a good seamstress or a beginner it doesn't matter. This is a good machine.  I have never purchased a brother before I always buy singer, but I am sooooooo glad that I got this one, it is definitely well worth the money.  If you are in for a good running machine and don't have to sew complicated, tripped out, things this will work for you.  I have sewn or rather taken up jeans and you know how heavy that is around the waist in particular, the machine had no problems at all sewing this.  So, I'm having fun so far and glad I took the leap and bought this machine.  I'm having fun and again if you aren't trying to sew heavy leathers or upholstery you shouldn't have any problems at all.  Basically, I do think you may be able to just by changing the needle.  Worth the money and have saved me so far."
I don't know much about sewing machines but this one seems to do what I want it to do. The price was too good to pass up on a black Friday deal so don't mind my review much.
"I saw some previous reviews that were positive and few negative ones too.  Well, I am all positive.  Works slick as can be.  One unusual aspect is that it needs to be oiled frequently.  Directions for oiling and for sewing are really clear.  I ordered the bobbins and Brother carrying case too.  Satisifies 100%."
Does everything I need it to do for my basic sewing needs. Very easy to set up and use. Would recommend.
"If I were able to give zero stars, I would.it started showing problems a month after using it. The upper threading was too tight and the manual instructions didn't help. Unfortunately I didn't return it immediately as we were able to fix it ourselves by randomly pulling the threads.
Now the low threading is looping and we can't fix it ourselves. Hope to use warranty.
Total no-no."
"Like the other 1 star reviews say, this machine has major lower thread issues.
At first I thought i was doing something wrong, but after reading the manual a 1,000 times I finally realized the machine was just crappy.
It now makes a crazy sound in the bobbin compartment too.
Simple sewing projects would take me hours and hours, i needed to rethread so many times.
It really made sewing a pain."
"this machine has helped me to star a new sewing proyect, is all i thougth it was and more, very easy to use, very frendly with diferents tipes of fabric. very usefull accesories and beautifull finish."
"This machine is light weight and easy to use.  I love the needle threader, it makes it so easy for me. I am not much of a seamstress, I only mend.  I would recommend this to anyone for small jobs."
"The Brother XL26001 sewing machine lived up to, and exceeded my expectation.
It has tons of features, is fairly lightweight and easy to operate.
Glad I've made this purchase."
Have had a great time sewing with this machine. Have had no issues and would buy this machine again if I needed another one.
"Firstly... this machine is a no-brainer. It's light, portable, and has many options. It comes with a picture guide that makes setting up and threading the needle very easy. You quite literally can't go wrong."
"Don't bother with this piece of junk. After less than a year of occasional sewing, it no longer would pick up thread from the bobbin. Repairing it would cost as much as the purchase price. Really a waste of money."
We need one sewing machine so we took brother brand. It is very good one and cheap and best . It is easy to operate  my wife like this lot
complete waste of money - thought I could fix it and ran out of time for returning - never could get it fixed - now it's a heavy piece of junk. Went with a company that had a years full replacement warranty.
"Excelent machine for the money, only problem was the print on the instructuins was too small to read, so I downloaded the manual and can read it on my ipad"
"I'm the envy of the rest of the women in our extended family.  From someone that did not sew, I have
quickly become a seamstress - I complete projects in 45 minutes, such as a pair of pajama pants,
in the free time that I have between work and home, and it relieves my stress like magic.  I like the
light weight and the many convenient stitches.....  got to go now, I have time to fix a skirt before
breakfast."
"My daughter has had this machine about four months now, sewing children's clothes and costumes, and hasn't had any problems with it.  I was concerned it might not do very well because of the low price, but she was in the middle of a project when her other one broke so it was a bit of an emergency replacement.  She has been able to sew all kinds of unusual costume fabrics very well with it."
I love this machine! It's easy to use and set up. I have used it on a few projects so far and have loved how it performed. The only thing that was not clear in the instructions was how to get the second set of stitches. All the instructions said was to turn the knob but that's not all. You pick your second set of stitches ( ie # 28) and the setting has be on SS. It took me the longest time to figure that out. But other than that I love it. It great for beginners and people who are advanced. The drop in bobin feature is awesome!
"Cons: So noisy, jumps on the table, the light easily burns out
Others are great, so useful. Most of my relatives bought it"
"Absolutely love it.  Delivered so quickly I couldn't believe it. If you are a beginner sewer don't hesitate, it's so simple to use you'll be a novice in no time."
"My son lives alone and does his own mending.  I bought the machine for his birthday.  He reported that it met his needs, but that the tension appears to be off.  The underside of the zigzag stitch is not as it should be.  He continues to try to adjust the stitch."
"I needed something for 'easy' repairs around the house.
Pant hems, dog beds, pillow cases...etc.
I was skeptical at first because I paid UNDER $90.  I am extremely pleased with this machine!
The manual is very detailed and very easy to follow.  It has more than enough stitch choices for me.  I am no seamstress by any means but if I felt so inclined to up my game, there are something like 25+ stitches, which is plenty!
Cotton, cotton canvas, iron ons, felt, piece of cake!
Sews threw them all like butter.
If you see if for under $90, go for it!"
"Works great for beginners or novices.  Great price.  Convenient storage compartment to hold needles, bobbins, presser feet, etc.  Has lots of sewing options for the price."
"This is a nice and affordable sewing machine. It's very basic and easy to start sewing with right away. It appears to be well made and not very complicated for basic projects. The only real down side I've experienced with it as of yet is that it is very light weight. This seems terrific if you have to move it however, part way through my projects I realize that my sewing machine is walking away from me across the table as I work. It would do well in a sewing table as opposed to on a crafts table."
I'm a self taught sewer I had a hand me down machine and it was good for basic things but I was ready to move on and get a good machine that could do a bit more. I'm still learning and this sewing machine is great for my level of learning. I got this as a gift and I'm so blessed to have gotten it sooner than I thought I'd get it and I'm so glad I have so many projects I could get done now with confidence!! & Now I can hand down my old one to my daughter so she can learn as well!! I would recommend this to any self taught sewer who is a beginner or even for small things for the advanced sewer!! :)
"Prior to this purchase I had only laid hands on a sewing machine one other time; and the results were not good.  After years of saying ""I can't sew"" and getting tired of paying for simple throw pillows and outdoor cushions I finally decided to learn.  I opened the box around 8:15 p.m. and by 9:30 p.m. had sewed my first pillow cover.  Instructions to thread the machine were very simple and the foot pedal is easy to get a feel for; meaning that when you press it doesn't take off at full speed.  It's not loud and doesn't vibrate my table.

Between this machine and the book ""The Complete Photo Guide to Sewing"" (also purchased on Amazon) I feel fairly confident in my abilities to sew all the home decor items I desire."
"Great product for the money, good beginner sewing machine.  Did have to watch youtube videos to see why the bobbin would would though.  Other than that minor inconvenience, not a single issue."
"I decided to learn how to sew, along with my six year old.  This machine was so easy to set up and the directions were so clear.  I can see us making good use of this machine.  And for the price, it can't be beat!"
"I have had this sewing machine for almost a year. I ABSOLUTELY LOVE IT!!! I got this machine in hopes to pick back up sewing after 5 year of a hiatus. I honestly didn't think it would last very long due to the inexpensive.w HOWEVER,  I have been practicing new techniques,learning new skills, and working with fabric I have never worked with before such as leather, wool, chiffon, twill, etc. The Brother XL2600I last through a lot."
My very first sewing machine ever. Never used one before and this is fairly simple for an absolute beginner like me.
"I am a novice sewer; beginner level. I hate sewing because of bobbin, tension adjustment, threading needle.  I had to sew miles of material for curtains due to the unusual size of my bay windows which I had to sew on a very thick sound proofing material. I was not looking forward to getting the sewing machine ready for 3hrs so that I can sew for 10 minutes.....

BUT, this machine made all of these very very easy! The needle threader is FANTASTIC, and the tension is easy to adjust because you hardly need to adjust the tension. Hooking the thread onto the hook for the bobbin is very easy once you figure out what it is that you need to do (hold the thread, pop in the bobbin, press down the bobbin whilst you hook the bobbin into the hook). The machine is very well made, sturdy, and the dials are easy to use.

Sew now (pun intended) that the sewing machine is fast and easy to set up, and the curtains was a cinch to sew, I decided I don't mind sewing, so I sewed curtain ties, pillow cases, and cushions. I am SOOO happy that I have taken a chance and bought this sewing machines thanks to all the reviews I have read prior to purchase.  Saving ALOT of money by making these things myself, and I strongly recommend this to someone like me."
"My daughter's birthday present could not have been better.  Perfect choice!  Easy to use out of the box, well constructed, and lightweight for good portability."
The sewing machines were given to my sewing students as they open them I'll be able to see for sure but they seem all okay. Thank you.
"Great machine for beginners and arrived in perfect condition! I bought two machines for family members and we sat down, put the machines together, threaded both, and were sewing within an hour!"
"For an inexpensive machine, this baby does a heck of a lot. Plenty of stitches to choose from, easy to operate. And I love the drop-in bobbin compared to the Singer bottom bobbin situation. This is much easier to deal with, and it was a buying consideration for me. I'm a complete novice at sewing, but was able to build myself a costume with relative ease. The top thread/bottom thread tension gives me some problems, but that's my fault, not the machine. If you're looking for something to get the job done and is easy to operate, this is the sewing machine for you."
Arrived even before I expected...Love the ease of use and would recommend this to anyone who loves to sew. Also..very easy to carry from room to room...
Great price for this sew advance sew affordable free arm sewing machine; will put great use to this machine! Alas!
"I have been sewing since I was 10 and I'm over 60. I've made may items - clothes, prom dresses, quilts, drapes, bedspreads with the Brother that I've had for over 35 years before it stopped working and I had to buy a new one. This is easy to use and has all the features that anyone from beginner to expert would want."
"This is a terrific sewing machine for the money. A nice feature is that its light and easy to pick up. I should say that I was a Manager for a major sewing machine company for ten years so I know sewing machines. The most important thing about sewing machines is that folks have a tendency to thread them improperly which makes for big globs of thread underneath the fabric. This unit shows you how to do it easily. It sews on heavy and light fabric. The best feature is the Free Arm that allows you to stitch on pant legs for hemming them. The Zig Zag is invaluable and accomplishes many things. Sewing on buttons, making button holes and since the ZZ has many different types you can overcast a fabric edge so it doesn't shred and many more things. Depending on the amount of usage you can easily take the bottom off, clean it out with a vacuum cleaner, spray it with WD-40 and your good to go for many years of easy use. Enjoy!!"
"Received this brand new and could not get the bobbin to loop to the upper thread.  After several attempts to fix problem, finally shipped it back to amazon for refund.  Next will be a Janome."
Got this for my wife for you birthday. She has used it a few times and loves using it for her sewing projects.
"Perfect for a beginner! Although my moms brother has this little duck shaped stitch I wish this one had, alas has everything else I need!"
"I needed a machine at our second home in fl and this is perfect. I was able to mend items, make cushion covers.........it is perfect for the jobs. It is light weight and easy to use. Love the extra stitches!  Price can't be beat."
"So this isn't the world's best sewing machine, but I've had it for years and it works great for me."
"Holding back on a 5 star rating because I don't know what I don't know.  However... I have never sewn before this evening.  I got the machine out of the box, set it up and I have already done some minor alterations.  The instructions are fairly easy. The simple illustrations help.  The machine is, obviously, not heavy-duty but for a beginner's machine it more than fits the bill."
This is a really nice machine for the price.  I picked this one because of all the great reviews.  Easy to use.  I have another more expensive sewing machine but this one works just as well for small sewing projects.
Pretty good machine :) not perfect but for a beginner its great. I only occasionally have issues with the zig zag stitch but other than that its great
"I needed an inexpensive sewing machine since my main machine ended up in storage half a continent away from me.  I needed a machine for light to moderate sewing, including garment construction, and mending.  That's all I've ever really done anyway.  This machine has all the basics and then some.  It has a heavy plastic exterior (as opposed to metal), but it feels very sturdy.  It has clear instructions (yes a little harder to read with the Spanish interspersed, but clear with good illustrations).  With 25 stitches, it has more stitches than I'll probably ever use.  I tried it out today.  It threads easily and the needle threader works great.  The bobbin is easy to wind and install.  I love the clear bobbin and cover that allows me to easily see how much thread is on the bobbin in the machine.  It comes with a nice selection of accessories and feet.  Changing the feet is extremely easy.  I haven't tried the buttonholer yet, but even my expensive older main machine does not have the automatic feature that this machine has.  Adjusting stitch width/needle position and stitch length is very easy, as is adjusting tension.  The reverse button is big and easy to use.  I do not wear shoes with any foot pedal -- I like to feel it, so I don't know how it would be with shoes.  Without shoes, I had no problem controlling the speed.  There are lots of handy labels, so that once you learn the machine you will rarely need the manual for any of the basics.  I like that it has a handle in back, making it every easy to carry. This machine is not too heavy and can easily be transported in a car for those times you want to sew away from home.  To me this machine hits a ""sweet spot"" as far as affordability and features go.  I really can't say enough nice things about it. This is a cost effective machine that will do all the basics and then some. This machine will delight with the many things it can do and do well.  It would also be great for learners who are not sure how much machine they need or will use.  Even when I'm able to move my main (expensive and fancy) machine, I'll probably keep this one as well for quick, everyday jobs. It is that nice. This machine is cost effective enough to be a starter, a spare, or an everyday little workhorse depending on needs and budget."
"Highly recommend!! This was my first sewing machine that I could call my own. It's not too heavy and does not feel cheap. I love it! I don't have any regrets. This machine is very nice and if you are creative, you can make almost anything! It's better than a basic beginning machine.

It's also very affordable. Don't let the bad reviews scare you. I've had mines for 2 years now and everything works perfectly fine."
"I am a professional dressmaker and bought this machine as an additional studio machine.  It offers me a choice of stitches (stright, zigzag, multizig, left or right blindhem ) that I use most often & any other stitches are a bonus.  I can control width, length and tension for stitching & I like the option for double thread stitching.  It is easy to thread, change needles and change feet.  This is a great little machine for the price."
"I received this sewing machine as a gift when I was in college.  At the time, I did some very light sewing- pillows etc.  After college, I used it more frequently to sew nursery bedding, curtains, pillows, baby blankets etc.  I have always loved this machine.  It is easy to carry around to/from classes, people's houses etc.  It has several decorative stitches that worked well on baby blankets.  It is easy to thread and easy to use.
10 years later, my machine finally died.  However, I neglected it- rarely cleaned it and never had it serviced.
Nonetheless, I consider it a good value machine.  I can't complain about $9/year for a machine that got quite a bit of use, especially over the past few years.  I have used it for cotton, flannel, fleece, dress pants, knits, fairly heavy upholstery fabric etc. And many of these with several layers of fabric.  Never had any problems with the machine's ability to handle the fabrics.
I would recommend this machine to anyone doing light to medium sewing for themselves/gifts etc.  It is a great machine to learn on and has served me well over the years!"
"My wife has used a Brother machine for decades before she purchased a PFFAF . This is a good reliable , quite machine . We bought as a first sewing machine for our granddaughters . Simple operation beginners and advanced hobbyists will love it ."
I chose this sewing machine because of the brand .I was wrong ! this  is the third machine in 6 years .I will never buy another Brother  brand !!!
It's a good machine however I was doing some serious sewing and it being to stop back stitching.  Great self threading
"I have been using my mom's Singer Simple for a while now, and decided to get my own machine. I found this one with amazing reviews where everyone seemed to love it. I was terribly disappointed, however.
The thread running through the take-up lever constantly winds around the lever until it breaks. I played with the tension and various settings for HOURS to no avail, the problem couldn't be corrected. I even checked the booklet thinking I messed up when threading the machine! (which I didn't)
Not only that, the bobbin sounded like it was going to break frequently, and would jam up more often then I found acceptable. The machine also shook a LOT and felt as if it was going to fly apart at any second. Glad I was able to return it to Amazon!
Going to stick with Singer as this machine seemed like a piece of junk, and a huge waste of time."
"This machine is wonderful. Have bought two, and love 'em. Let's me think for myself, not the machine. Love it. Marilyn"
"This machine works really well and I've had it for about a month now and it has been wonderful for my extreme beginner skills. I noticed right away though, that there are a couple of scratches on it which aren't a big deal at all but just thought I might mentioned. Great machine for a great price."
This is one great little power house of a machine I couldn't be happyer brother has done it again well worth buying this one.
I purchased my Brother because it is lightweight. I like to take quilting classes and I don't want to take my heavy computerized machine. I can lift the Brother with no problem. The machine performs well and I think I got an excellent machine for the money.
"This product didn't function properly from the time it was taken from the package. I tried using it to get by for a little while, but constantly had problems. Now it will not pick up the bobbin thread. Everything is installed properly, but that doesn't seem to matter."
I really like this machine. I'm a newb at sewing but it is very easy to use and it also can do bigger jobs with thicker material like jeans.
I bought this for my mother and it's was the best gift I could give her. She enjoys it and loves it. She loves the way it works and thanks me all the time for it! Thank you Amazon!!!
"I got this model, after reading favorable reviews,  for my wife for Christmas.  She is a beginner & taking sewing lessons.  He instructor complimented her on purchasing a good machine for a beginner yet features and build quality to last.  She's very happy with it and eager to learn."
"My fiance wanted a sowing machine and I didn't know where to start. After LOTS of research and time, I discovered this one. It has plenty of options and features, that makes it an excellent machine. She has used this machine for awhile and it still works flawlessly! This is a machine that goes beyond the beginner level. It has helped her start a new hobby and will carry her into more advanced projects. You will get your money's worth and more! We highly recommend this machine to anyone!"
"I do not plan to do a lot of sewing so I needed something to hem pants and fix seams.  I also do a little bit of costume creation, but nothing intense.  The machine comes with a double sided quick start guide if you are familiar with sewing machines, and covers the differences between this and other machines.  The automatic threading is wonderful and works like a charm (I had to read the directions to figure out how it worked though).  All the stitches seem to work great, the feet needed are included, and I heard from a friend (who got the same machine) that the one step button hole system is amazing.

Two small reasons I don't 'love' it.  The outside is plastic, so I don't know how much abuse it will take, and the extra components are in a baggie, so the baggie falls out when you open the slide."
"I bought this for My daughter, but my wife uses it too. it is simple and light enough for my 10 year old daughter to set up and use herself,, with tons of room for advancement."
"I got this for my daughter who moved into her own place recently.  It's small, fairly light comes with all the parts you need and has the basic stitches.  It's certainly no Bernina but it's a solid little starter machine for occasional use."
I had this machine threaded and was sewing 10 minutes after opening the box. The quickstart directions were very easy to use and it seems to work really well!
"I purchased this and a pink flowered tote for my granddaughter's birthday.  Her mom can't keep her off the machine practicing with her paper stitching patterns.  Her older brother also enjoys practicing on the machine.  It is a perfect beginner sewing machine, but has enough power and stitches to get her through college!  I must add that it was her 8th birthday, so it is also user-friendly enough for a child's sewing needs."
"I only used a couple time in four months and when I went to oil the bobbin and put the pieces back together, it made a click klack noise. I called customer service a couple times and they tried to help but were unsure of how to repair it. If I wanted to get it fixed I would have to go to a service center. Thats no big deal unless the service center is like an hour away. I am very disappointed in brother. I would recommend not getting this machine."
I am new at this and this was a great and easy machine to begin with I had a singer simple and it never worked right so I got this one and I love that is tell you what each stitche is for...if you are new this is easy and great
"An excellent, small lightweight machine. Many how-to instruction videos available on the net for this model. Not built for commercial use, but more than acceptable for home, private use. Bobbins are a easily broken, but easily replaced with higher quality, after market bobbins. Again, for personal, home use..... QUALITY product.

As of 6 March 2014, Amazon incorrectly lists the suggested manufacturers price as $149.99 - if you check the BROTHER USA website, they have the price as $99.99 with free shipping.

Yes... the Amazon price is cheaper - IMHO, Amazon should not inflate suggested manufacturers prices to make theirs look more attractive.  If you are a long-time, regular Amazon shopper, you would already know that Amazon is usually the best ""deal""."
"Bought this machine to use to teach my 8 year old granddaughter the basics.  Turns out I love the machine too.  I have a big Brother sewing/embroidery machine but choose to use this one for quilting class.  It is compact, seems sturdy, and sewed beautifully right out of the box.  Very nice stitch quality.  The 8 year old has made her first pillow using this machine and we are both  thrilled!  I was actually surprised to receive so much machine for so little money."
"Truly portable, which is what I was looking for.  Even though my main machine is 'portable' I don't like taking it from the sewing area.  This one is perfect for  sewing get-togethers, or taking along in the travel trailer.  Little bit noisier, but I assume it's because the gears aren't steel.  Very nice basic machine."
"I love this sewing machine. I was a starter, haven't sew'n since high school. This was soo easy to learn and a really good machine. I have made about 4 outfits and about to start making bikini's. I love this machine. Great price! Shipment almost forgot about shipment. I ordered one day and got the machine THE VERY NEXT DAY!!! THis was amazing. I am truley proud of my purchase... as you can tell. lol :)"
The instructions are clear and it's easy to set up.  I love that it comes with a needle already in place.  Great for a beginner like me.
"my husband and i wanted to learn to sew and ordered this machine to begin. it's easy to use, compact enough to not be in the way or to try to move, and we are both relatively proud of how well we're doing so far. and, most importantly, it didn't break the bank. score."
Got this for my daughter to start her off on sewing.  She likes it a lot and even my 5-year-old grandson is enjoying learning this as well.  I don't think you can go too far wrong with this as a starter unit!
I was using a singer sewing machine ( not dis-ing singer here) that my mom had from highschool . It still worked but it would jump threads and I would have to re thread it a million times. I love this brother machine it's easy to use and it runs very smoothly
the product is very good for this price. I did not expect something better. I am using it six month  and i am very satisfied.
"We picked this up at the '13 Black Friday sale and my wife has been sewing steadily with it since then. A few things she's noted: When making buttonholes, you *must* follow the exact instructions in the exact order. Otherwise, it won't work.
When inserting the bobbin, be sure to pull the thread tail all the way back in the slot - ideally until you hear a little click.

Read the manual - you should be fine. This is a great little machine."
I love it. Now I will be honest. I don't know much about sewing. I am still learning. I do know that I am having fun learning on it. I think it could be easier to run the thread..but besides that it is a great machine.
Perfect machine for beginners works great sews nice very light weight. Love the different stitches easy to uses well recommended
I could not believe how lite it was. This was a good thing for. Me getting older and problems with lifting things.
"I chose to purchase  Brother Machine because the price was affordable.  But
have now been very unhappy with this purchase because the  tension is very hard to
get set so the thread will sew even stitches.  Instructions hard for me to understand too.
Have not been able to get the machine to thread the needle.  All in all I am not impressed
with this Brother Machine."
I bought this machine as a starter machine for my granddaughter.  The tension on this machine top and bottom is bad.  You sew along and it gets all balled up on the bottom.  Unfortunately it was bought as a Christmas present and we were just now able to sit down and check it out and it operates like a toy.  I'm very disappointed.  I thought that with the name brothers it would be better.  Unfortunately I'm not able to get a refund even though it is brand new.  Won't buy another product of this degree on line.
"I've been very happy with this sewing machine, and consider it to be a very good buy. I use it mainly to mend and alter clothing."
I love it. It works. Good job... I hope you will buy this. You'll enjoy. Please read reviews first. Thanks.
"I bought it to make some drapes. It had no problem powering through multiple layers of lining and upholstery fabric.

It is easy to use and even better, makes threading the needle effortless! My eyesight is not what it used to be and I was concerned about threading those invisible holes in the needles but this machine has a needle threader built right in and it works perfectly every time.

It had been a number of years since I had sewn anything so I was concerned with the learning curve but the instructions for threading the machine and using the different setting were very easy to understand and follow.

It is light weight, reasonably small and a great price. It has enough different stitches to keep me occupied for years. It does button holes (comes with the button-hole presser foot), which I have not used yet. I am sure there is something that I could button-hole if I search ling enough.

The one thing I would like to change about this sewing machine would be the upper limit to the stitch length. I wish I could have set the stitch length a bit longer. I think it would have made the drapes hang a bit looser at the seam.

I would not hesitate to buy it again or recommend it to my expert, novice, or beginner sewing friends."
I am just learning how to sew so I didn't want some fancy machine that could do everything under the sun. I just wanted something simple and this machine is definitely simple. They have pictures along the top and by the needle to show you exactly how to set up your thread which is great if you for some reason forget. There are many stitches still available so I figure this machine will still work even as I become more advanced in sewing. It is light weight and easy to carry around if need be. The only thing that I would change would be the length of the power cord. It is rather short which makes it difficult if your sewing machine isn't near a power outlet.
Had no problem threading or with bobbin.  I have made my first quilt on it and turned out great.  No compliants.
Great sewing machine for beginners. Bought this for my nine year old and the whole family has loved using it. There are videos on line on how to use it.
"Got this to sew some costumes. Didn't even last a week before breaking. I think the motor went out or something. The warranty translates to: mail it to brother at your own expense, hope for the best. Not buying a brother again."
Met all expectations for a beginning sewer. Easy to set up and nice speed on pedal. My 8 year old is learning with me and doing fine. Great machine for great price!
Bought as gift for my daughter and she loves it. Has made several baby blankets and a dress for my granddaughter already as a beginning sewer.
my husband got this as a Christmas present for me and I was very impressed overall its a nice machine :)
I've had this sewing machine for several years and I get mad every time I use it. The bobbin gets jammed all the time and I have to take the whole thing apart to fix it.
"very pleased with this machine, excellent quality and price, works as good as some of the really expensive models I tried."
"I am completely new to sewing, so i honestly don't have much perspective in order to compare this machine to others. What I do know, is that stitches come out even, clean, and perfect every time. It's simple to use and I'm so excited about all the projects that we will make together :)"
"Solid machine. Easy thread loading. More than expected. Easy to follow directions made it easy to plug in, load thread, and sew."
somewhat difficult to operate but I am a stroke victim so probably expercted too much.  do not regret purchase.  will occasionally be of help to mre.
"This machine is a little ""stiff"" compared to my other, much older one.  Could be that I need to work it harder!  Learning to wind the bobbin and thread the needle was tricky at first, but I'm sure it'll be second nature before long.  Sure beats doing by hand/eye."
Am very happy with the purchase of this sewing machine. It is a 2nd machine as I have another one at my other home and it suits my purposes very well.
"I love this sewing machine

This sewing machine is a good one.

Yes,  it's does get lose in threads ,but love it.

It's good for sewing ,if you sew a lot

Student sewing machine"
"I have had this sewing machine in my possession for about 3 weeks now and absolutely love it!  I haven't tried sewing since using my mom's old machine (about 40+ year old machine) many, many, many years ago and it frustrated me to death!  But, I figured it was worth trying one of these newer models for my purpose of making household goods: specifically curtains, pillows, duvet covers, etc.  I found this machine to be so easy to use!  The directions were perfect and once I ran through a trial run of how to thread the bobbin and the machine, I was able to use the ""cheat"" sheet as a refresher the next few times I used it.  Now it's simple!  I have made lots of curtains and pillows in the short time I have had it and have no issue with the various stitches or any part of using it so far.  Granted, I am a novice sewer and have not attempted sewing clothes or any truly intricate patterns, but it's given me ZERO issue to date.  If you are a beginner to sewing and want to sew home projects, then this is the machine for you!  Maybe I will decide to delve into clothing in the future.  And if I do , I still feel this machine would work perfectly.  Love, Love, Love this Brother machine!!"
"I got this sewing machine for Christmas and I couldn't be happier! I am a beginner and asked for this machine because of the good reviews. I have to say that my experience with this machine has been great. T he manual is confusing so I went on YouTube and did a search of the make and mmodel. I found several helpful videos that show how to wind the bobbin, threading, inserting the bobbin, etc. So the set up was very simple. Sewing with this machine is great! I have not sewn on another machine so I can't compare it to another. But I highly recommend this machine for beginners."
"Love it, sews smoothly and through thick jean material also.  The auto threader is not very helpful, but does work if you have a lot of patience! :)"
I had no problems with the set up and use of this machine. It worked well for me. The price was also very affordable. Saw similar product in the store for almost 3 times the price. Love to shop Amazon as I get great prices here.
"This machine is very difficult to thread.  Would only be good for stitching light weight fabrics and maybe  mending.  I will have my old machine (metal inside and out) reconditioned to be able to have an all purpose, all fabric
machine.  Take my advice and spend more money on a heavy duty machine."
"I bought this a week ago to replace an aging White Dressmaker 310B from the late 60s that my mother gave me.  She made everything with that machine.  She could make it do whatever she wanted, but I was not as lucky with it.  The bobbin wouldn't feed, and the upper thread regularly pulled out of the needle, or everything snarled together in a big balled up mess along with my patience.  After about five years of not being able to sew anything, no matter how simple, I started looking.  My mother recommended Brother stating that they were good machines, and I found this one.  Reviews were good, it looked easy to set up and use, and it had a drop-in bobbin (I think I would've purchased it for that feature alone) along with 25 different stitches.  It seemed like a great little basic machine to do the regular things anyone would need to do.  I mean, I don't make slipcovers or anything big or complicated that would require a lot of heavy duty time or accessories, so this was ideal.  I just want to do some mending or create something that doesn't need an Act of Congress to make the parts work.  I got this with my Prime two day shipping and in the same day was able to finish the pillow covers that I started three weeks ago and stopped because of the old machine.  Took me an hour from initial out-of-the-box setup to finished product on the pillow.

I love this machine!  It's quiet, the stitches are neat and even (only used the basic stitch so far, but it's a good ""gauge"" (sewing joke haha) of things), and the bobbin is just the simplest thing to set up.  The manual is relatively easy to follow, but some of the pictures might be a little confusing.  There were a couple pictures that I had to look at once or twice to make sure I was setting up correctly, but I was successful in no time at all.  In fact, I remember sitting back and thinking to myself ""wow, that was easy!"".  This little machine is pretty lightweight at 13lbs; a far cry from the hulking tank of a machine that I was used to.  It doesn't take up a lot of room and it has this handy little storage compartment with tools and extras in front of the needle.  You can remove it to stitch sleeves or tube shaped items, or you can leave it on to stitch other things.  Don't know what it's supposed to be called, but I like it whatever it is.

I see myself making a lot of things with this machine.  It's basic enough that it won't frustrate someone new to sewing and it's (at least to me) packed with just enough advanced settings to be creative without seeming ""basic"".  A good combination of features for the price."
daughter loves it. very easy to use. still learning how to use all the stiches. threading the bobbin was difficult.
"Outstanding machine: Able to make new dodger for sailboat
Flawless!!!! Did not experience a single problem: Able to sew through several layers of material."
"I purchased it to make curtains, some light clothes alterations, and possible sew/create a custom sofa. So far so good!!!"
"I had this exact machine for 8 years, and I put the poor thing through quite a lot in that time.  It's a great little workhorse, with basic (and some slightly fancier) stitches, and it's pretty easy and intuitive to use.  I bought this one for a friend who is a complete beginner, and they were cranking out stuffed animals and hemming things in no time.  I never had mine serviced in the years I had it, and it worked like a champ with very few hiccups.  I think the only downside is that when mine finally needed service, it was going to be more expensive to fix it than the value of the machine, so I had to replace it."
I love me Brother XL2600I. I have found that it is more useful then what I planned to use it for. All the different stitching are great. I may not use all of them now but I might in the future.  It is very easy to string the string through the machine and needle. I have used it for a good 8 months now and never had it jam on me. It is easy to restring the bobbin too.  The owners manual will be your savor. I keep it close by just in case I have trouble with a stitch or the bobbins.  It has pictures on how to insert the bobbin and string it. Also the pictures of the different stitches help and what they are used for. Its a great beginner machine or someone that doesnt have the space for a larger machine.
I chose 5 sars because this machine works just as good as the electronic version. Easy to use and understand the functions. I highly recommend this machine.
We bought this as a Christmas present for our daughter; it's her first sewing machine. It's very solid with a lot of features and yet easy enough for a beginner to learn.
"The instructions for setting up the machine were pretty vague, but so far I am loving the machine. Great beginner machine at a good price."
The instructions for this machine are a bit complicated for an oldster to understand.  I needed assistance to understand how to operate it.  I am still learning
I never use computer cam machines. They're confusing and awkward and if you turn the machine off for a second you've lost all your settings so I like a good simple dial cam machine like this. My only complaint is that the bobbin mechanism slips sometimes so you may have to reset the bobbin a couple of times before it takes the stich. This is a good bargen for the money.
"I purchased this sewing machine, because it was so affordable.  Did not expect much.  But to my surprise  it is easy to work and very light easy to handle."
"I started as a beginner sewer and now I have a business in which I sew about 1,000 + items a year
and so far this year I have sewn it all with this machine.
My first machine was an expensive (back when a bought it for a few hundred) singer machine those that had the
metal bobbin facing on the front.
This Singer machine would get stuck very often, it would break my needles and one day when sewing fast
(because I had to sew so many items) it just crashed completely.
I thought it was because of me and because oh well I was sewing ""too much"".

I bought this machine and figured if it breaks I will just buy another one (since they are so cheap) until
I learn more about them and can risk paying for an Industrial machine.

Well ...well I bought it because of all the reviews and for 2013 I sew absolutely every item with this machine
hour after hour (not worrying how much I press the foot pedal!) and this baby is still with me and working perfectly.

It is SUPER easy to use
Super durable and strong
sews perfectly (but I only sew straight or zig zag)
I have sewn canvas, very thick canvas all perfectly

I wanted to write this review for those that were like me searching for a good machine that won't be difficult to learn and
that also would be very good quality.

This is it!"
"""I Love This Sewing Machine""!  I'm learning how to sew and this is perfect for me.  I wish I would have learned years ago!  This machine has everything and is sturdy and nice!"
This is a great sewing machine for beginners.  It was easy to follow the directions and begin sewing.  I also like how light the machine is and the handle at the top for easy transport.  It sews very smooth.
"I bought this as a gift for my daughter. She usually hand sews and is good at it. I wanted something more than a beginners sewing machine. This machine is perfect. Gives her basic sewing ability for her bigger projects, and gives her some fancy stitches to try. She has tested it and is very happy with it."
After struggling with a inexpensive Singer this was a complete joy.  It is now fun to sew. I would recommend it for beginners.
"Sewing machine is sturdy and works well. I love it, I just got it yesterday and find it so easy to use!"
quiet and just chuggs along.  wonderful machine  I would recommend it to young and old alike its just a good little machine.
Easiest sewing machine of all time. I had never set up a machine before and was nervous to thread it and all of that fun stuff. I read the instructions and the machine has very helpful diagrams and steps on it. Also it has a needle threader that works perfectly. I had no issues with tension or it getting snagged/tangled. I am really glad I went with this machine it is perfect.
"replaced my old brother with a more updated one. Very nice features, and the price was right. Got here in no time, and was packaged very well. would recommend this ."
"I absolutely love this machine. I am a beginner and was able to pick up sewing using this machine with minimal help.
I highly recommend it!"
"I just received the sewing machine and it arrived in excellent condition.  This is the first time I've had a machine with an automatic needle threader, and a top loading-drop in bobbin.  So far I have LOVED both features! It was easy to understand how to thread and sewed like a dream!  If it continues to work well, it is the best buy ever."
"There is no grip in the dog feed. It drove me absolutely crazy!
It also always jammed up.

It would be a great machine for small home projects but not recommended for any projects using light or silky fabrics or people wanting to do clothes.

(If you are in design school and looking for a affordable home machine to get you through the long nights this is not the one!)"
I like the sewing machine.  It is a good value.  I have had some trouble getting the stitches to run correctly.  (Either too much or too little tension.)
I absolutely love this machine. It is not an overwhelming size- which is great because I don't have much room. I love all of the options. It works well and is easy to use. I am a beginner and was able to pick up sewing using this machine with minimal help. I highly recommend it!
My ten year old was able to set this up and begin sewing within a few hours.  She had very limited sewing experience so the easy set up was remarkable.  She has been tearing up stuffed animals and making pillows.  Guess we need to buy some more filler.
"Bought this machine mostly as a toy for my kid-i guess it's OK for this purpose.  I wouldn't buy it if I was serious about sawing.  If you are, invest a bit more and buy a better quality machine."
"This was my first sewing machine ever, and used it to make a backpacking quilt for my first sewing project.
After a few practice runs on some scrap fabric and making a quick beanie, I hammered out the quilt in  a day.

The finished project can be seen here: [...]

The machine is really easy to use. I did have some issued with the top thread jamming in the bobbin area early on, but I think that was just user error as I haven't had any problems when making some wind/rain pants and down balaclavas."
"It is holding up really well after about two years and sews nice and evenly.  My only complaint is how the bobbin threading is set, you have to pull the thread through a guide on the top side, it gets easier with time, but completely different from any other machine I have used."
"Could not be easier to use - haven't tried to sew since Home Ec - which tells you how old I am!  I've always been afraid of the bobbins - I remember them being hard to set up and since you're changing them often, I thought I would never be able to sew.
Well - go for it w/ this one!  It is WONDERFUL!  I am now sewing!!!  It has the thread setup right on the machine so you don't have to try and figure out what goes where.  AND, most importantly, the bobbin is a piece of cake!
I love this little machine.  (and it's super lightweight which makes it easy to move)"
"I don't actually know how to sew, but a friend recommended Brother for a first machine and I'm very impressed with it so far. The instructions have been easy to figure out and I was SUPER EXCITED the first time I managed to sew an actual line. Now I'm eager to MAKE ALL THE THINGS. This machine probably does more than I need it to for a first timer, but I can hardly wait to fiddle with all the different settings. :D (The needle threading thingy is BRILLIANT because it takes half a microsecond to thread the needle. Awesome.)"
It is all that I expected and then some.  Works so easy and easy to set up. I love it.
This is definitely not a machine I would use for major sewing but it is light weight and can be easily taken out for a quick mending project.
"this machine was just as expected;  easy enough to use with just enough special stitches.
I am no fancy experienced seamstress,  but can use this machine with confidence and ease.  the helpful instructions on the machine itself even allows my husband to be able to sit down use it. This machine is well made, and lightweight; so that we
can set it up anywhere in the house.  we love it."
I had never used a sewing machine before but I was able to use this machine without any issues. The instruction manual is easy to understand.
this is a great gift -its very easy for the beginner but also has some extra features to make everything you sew look like an expert did it from the very start-
"I can't say enough good things about this little wonder.  I bought it after reviewing many machines as a first machine for my granddaughter.  I read that it was difficult to thread the bobbin,, but we have had no such problems with it.  I think I paid like $85 for this a couple years ago (sorry I'm so late on this review) and I can't believe how cool it is for the money.  Okay, it doesn't have all the bells and whistles that a more expensive machine has (like OMG....I really need a needle threader and this one just doesn't have it!!!), but once again, it's inexpensive.  It has several zig-zag and decorative stitches on it, maybe 15-20 with adjustable stitch length, width and thread tension.  I think you should get extra pressure feet straight away and extra bobbins.  I don't think you can beat this machine for the money unless someone just gave you one.  Easy to clean and maintain as well."
"I bought it to have a sewing machine at my son's house when I visit. It's a trooper. It had nice even stitches and it did well on multiple layers of drapery fabric. I particularly liked the big ""reverse"" button. I thought the seam width scale was hard to discern--metric and inches too close together."
Good for moderate use & projects. I hemmed 3pants with ease on the lite weight pair but had to go slow & assist with hand wheel for thick seams on jeans. Correct needle & thread size is very important!
"After only using it a few times, it's easy to operate.  Love the needle threader.  Love having a blind stitch for hems.  I do mostly repair/alteration sewing and this machine is perfect."
"Not bad for a first sewing machine, but it does have a knock. Easy to operate, but by the sounds of it I'm concerned it won't last very long. I was hoping for a machine that would last my daughter several years, however by the sounds of  the knock, she may just be able to learn on it and have to upgrade in a couple years"
I bout this for my Fiance who is a beginner. She absolutely loves it. Easy to use. Can't tell you how many pillows we have now.
Great price and I have started sewing again with ease.  Thanks.  This is so easy to use and got such a great price too
"I don't sew a lot and don't know how good this machine for someone professional, but for me it's perfect - easy to use, enough setting and it's not expensive."
easy to use. features are great. drop in bobbin and self threading! seems to be well made. good brand name.
"I am ashamed to admit I haven't used this sewing machine, even though it arrived several months ago. (Got caught up in the holidays.) But I have used the same machine at a friends house, and know it to be a good basic workhorse."
I got this as a starter machine for my neice hoping she would like it enough to take up sewing. Worked like a charm! The machine has lots of different settings but isn't too complicated for a first timer. It is also free arm which is definitely a plus! RECOMMEND!
"The sewing machine is excellent. I'm a beginner in sewing, and I'm lucky to choose the right machine. It is easy to use, and multiple stitches can satisfy my needs."
"We have this as a gift to our niece. She's just learning and we thought it would be good for her to have a regular machine as opposed to a child's machine. Brother makes nice sewing machines that are easy to use and gives good results. There are plenty of machines out there but we liked that this one had a great price, drop-in bobbin reduces jams, a nice pack of additional feet, and lots of stitches but not too many that it's overwhelming. We have a (different model) Brother at home that we've been delighted with so we thought it would be perfect for her."
"not as easy to use as proclaimed.  I am not the best seamstress....probably more mechanical, so a little disappointed in my initial use of the machine.  will try to exchange for another sewing machine."
I taught myself to sew using this machine and i am very impressed. It was very simple to learn to use and i was able to find detailed tutorials for this exact machine online. Since I am only a beginner Im not sure if it has advanced capabilities but it is perfect for m needs!
"Quick delivery, and a very nice machine for the price. Bought for my granddaughters who are just learning to sew, but suspect they will be able to use it for years to come."
"I bought this for my granddaughter so she could learn to sew. It is easy to understand and works very well. Many stitches are right on the machine. I took the instruction book apart and placed each page in a clear sleeve and put it back together in a binder. I figured she would be going back to that book many times, since she was only 9 and it had to last. Bobbin winder is easy. Easy to thread. Lightweight but stable."
"This machine is perfect for me, it will do everything I want it to and I'm sure more, i woul suggest this to any and many of my friends looking for a resonable machine."
Bought this and a load of accessories for less than it would cost to have 6 or 8 pairs of pants hemmed. The machine has already paid for itself.
"I love this machine. I am a self-taught, at best average, sewer. I only sew for craft purposes, so all of the options offered on this machine are just bonuses, because I now intend to learn how to use them! Couldn't beat the price that was offered as a daily deal."
"I bought this for my 10-year old granddaughter.  After spending about an hour orienting to the machine and doing some practice together, she took right off on her own and made some ""freelance"" doll clothes.  It is lightweight so she can carry it easily and basic enough for her to learn and not be frustrated.  As an experienced seamstress, I could also use this machine for much of the sewing I do."
"Although she has only used it once, this gift for my daughter is wonderful. She is happy and I'm thrilled with the quality so far for the price I paid."
I bought this for my Granddaughter.  It arrived on time and she was delighted. I told her if it wasn't what she wanted I would exchange it but after Christmas when she had time to use it she was delighted and is keeping it.  Thank you
"Ordered this for granddaughter to begin learning sewing.  It is noisy, but seems to sew well.  Cannot speak to durability as it has been less than a month since purchase.  Easy to thread and use."
"Not worth the headache. Kept on jamming, wasn't able to sew anything. The disappoint I experienced with this product will make me steer clear away from this brand."
I am having trouble with the thread tension buggering up.  It all snags up and then the thread it all in bunches at the back of the material.  I love the self threading feature.
"sews well and is certainly an excellent machine, especially for the price.  it really could use a table to which it could be attached."
"I've sewn on multiple machines over the last 51 years but this machine is the most enjoyable one I've ever used. The lighting allows one to work without shadows, it's easy to thread both the machine and the bobbin, and the bobbin is a snap to pop in and out. I've tried out all the stitches by following the directions and was amazed at how smoothly they ran through the fabric. I especially like the convenient placement of the reverse stitch. There is ample work space around the pressure foot and the markings on the guide are easy to read and follow. I am enjoying sewing like never before. I never needed a fancy machine so I am delighted with the ease of using this one."
"I have enjoyed this sewing machine very much.  It is not complicated to use, nor follow it's instructions.  I really recommend this to a beginner for it's ease of operation.  I have been sewing for at least 40+ years, and I wanted one without so many dials, move this, add that;  and that's what I got.  A simple machine to operate, but it has numerous different stitches.  Love it."
awesome machine! works great!!
"This machine was purchased for my daughter for Xmas.  She has not used it yet.  As a result,  I am unable to provide any info.."
A gift for my 10 year old daughter. Both of us are new to the sewing world and used a YouTube video to thread the machine. This was inexpensive and all the other reviews stated that it was a great beginners model. so far I have to agree.
I broke my sewing machine and it was brothers so I decide to stay with the same brand and im very happy with it. Its not the most expensive machine but it does the job and it was very easy to set up and follow through. I will say im not crazy over the postions of the bobbin I like the bottom release this one underneath the needle its self to you have to be careful taking it out and putting it back in.
"We purchased this for our daughter for Christmas since she has shown an interest in getting into fashion and we though sewing would be a useful skill in that industry.

Some of the things that were hard for her (and her father) to follow along with were how to thread the upper thread.  Sometimes, the needle threader attachment doesn't seem to work and we find it easier to manually thread the needle versus fidgeting with the needle threader.

The kit doesn't come with any thread.  It might say so in the description, but we didn't notice and we were hoping to be able to open this and play around with it on Christmas morning.  After quick trip to Jo-Ann fabric we were situated, but this was the day after Christmas.

As far as I can tell, you have to thread both the upper and bottom portion.  This might seem obvious to a more advanced sewer, but for a beginner, it would have been nice to have that spelled out in the manual.

Still, my daughter loves this machine and she has been patching up her dolls clothing for the past few weeks and she is happy.  That is all that really matters for me (at this point).  Next step will be trying to sew on patches to karate and boy/girl scout uniforms."
"I've sewn on a few machines before and just needed something basic for simple projects like clothes, blankets, and other household items, and this sewing machine is perfect for the job! Easy assembly, runs smoothly, and the biggest pro is that it is not difficult to disassemble in case you experience any snags and want to fix the machine yourself. If you know how to use a sewing machine pretty decently, then this one works just as well as the three- and four-hundred dollar versions! I will be maintaining and preserving this machine for a long time to come!"
"I Bought this as a Christmas Gift for My Lovely Lady, and She is Absolutely Delighted!!  Price was perfect and Shipping time and Condition were Great!!  She took very Little Time familiarizing Herself with it's functions, and Immediately put it into Service!!  Great Product and A Good Buy!!"
"Purchased for 9 year old.  The fancy stitches holds her attention.  Well worth the difference between buying a mini (straight and zigzag) and this.  In first 90 minute session, this new sewer has mastered threading upper thread and needle as well as changing the bobbin, selecting which stitch to use and sewing a straight line."
"I bought a brother machine at Walmart 6  years ago, at a cost of $165.  It finally gave up, and since I had such good luck with it, I would replace it with another Brother.  It would have cost more to get my old one fixed, with a 90 day warranty, so can't go wrong by buying this machinee.  It works well."
This sewing machine was intended for my young daughter who is interested in learning how to sew.  It is very easy to set up and has a lot of great features.  My mother has a very expensive machine and is jealous of what this machine has to offer.  She is having a great time teacher my daughter how to use it!  They've already made several bags and other items. We couldn't be happier with this machine!
Not sure how it works as it was given to my mom but she seemed happy with it. A simple machine and for the Lightning Deal I purchased it from I feel I got a good price for it.
"We upgraded to this machine and it works quite well.  It is user-friendly and the resultant stitching is good. since it is primarily for repair, we are satisfied."
Great sewing machine for beginners. Gave to my daughter and she learnt how to start sewing right away. I would recommend
"I have used all of the features of this mechine, but for a person that hasn't sewn much this product is easy yo use."
"Absolutely love, love, love this machine.  I have never set one up and although I'm a fairly fast learner...it was so easy to read the instructions, beautiful machine.  This is my first sewing machine and for the price I couldn't be happier.  My first project was a cover for it and I was so impressed on how easy it works.  Recommend this to anyone wanting an inexpensive machine as a starter.  I'm sure this will last me for years to come."
This was a nice choice for beginner sewing machine. Simple directions made set up quick. So far so good. My daughter is enjoying the machine.
"My granddaughter loves to help me make quilts and I got her this
sewing machine for Christmas.  She loves it and says it is the best
present she has ever gotten."
"I'm glad that I bought a sewing machine because I'm finding it just as essential for maintaining clothes as a washer, dryer, iron, clothes shaver, etc... but if this is the among the best of the new machines on the market, I'd suggest researching and buying a high quality vintage sewing machine that was made in USA.
This machine is very fragile and several parts have broken in less than 15 months. The plastic and metal parts are brittle and they break or bend very easily. When it works, it works great for basic clothing maintenance but it not dependable and very complicated to use because of the problems that come with it.
I have wasted many hours trying to get it to work, because it seems like half the time when I try to use it I can't because it is always jamming, breaking parts, leaving loops on the fabric.
The advice in the manual on how to use it and how to troubleshoot it is very simplistic and of limited use. For example, the manual says to change the tension if it leaves loops on the fabric yet no matter where you set the tension, it still leaves loops on the fabric. I had to take a long drive to drop it off for warranty repair to ""reset the bobbin"". I probably could have done that myself in 5 minutes if the manual explained how to do it.
Now that I've had it almost 15 months, it is out of warranty and I have to take that long drive, drop it off again, and pay for repairs this time because 2 more parts have broken and now the needle is pulling to the left, jamming the machine, and leaving multiple breaks in the thread as it loops on the back of the fabric."
My grandaughters like it.  It is easy to thread.  The bobbin is a litttle tricky and can make the stitches too loose.  We spent 1 1/2 hours trying to get the bobbin to seat correctly.  When it finally went in correctly I have no idea what we did differently.  This machine would not handle heavy fabrics.
"Got this at a great price in warehouse deals from Amazon.  I am just a utility sewer, not a tailor by any means.  Just fix broken hems and ripped cloth, etc...  Love the easy setup of this machine, and yes the threading the needle device is a real plus, and does NOT get in the way of any basic sewing projects.  Machine is solid and manual helped me to find my way around the stitch adjustments.  Took some moments to get the settings figured out, but working with the midrange tension and length settings,  it managed the heavy and light clear polyester thread quite well.  Had no problems loading or setting up the bobbins.  Only complaint is that Brother did not make a simple hard case for it,  which I think should be a requirement for any portable sewing machine. Aside from that I am very happy with my purchase"
I bought this for my 10 Yr old granddaughter. We have only done one project so far but it seems to work good. We made a pair of pj bottoms. We have only used the straight stich so far as she is a beginner sewer.
"Works good. Haven't had it for long, so don't know a lot. seams to sew fine so far.  I think we will like it."
Arrived in new condition with all pieces & works well. A beginners sewing machine with the capacity to last through more advanced projects.
Great for a 1st time sewing machine!!! Easy to use. Got for my daughter so she can learn to sew...
Bought this for my niece for Christmas and took advantage of the holiday pricing. This machine is an excellent starter machine that will carry her into adulthood. It has everything you need to do basic sewing and then some. I gave her her first lesson after Christmas and she was very excited to have made a pillow for her room. Brother has always been a fantastic company.
"This is my second Brother Sewing Machine. The last one had a few extra stitches, but not ones I really ever used. When the old machine quit working, I ordered this one. Works great for crafts and minor clothing repairs and alterations. I have had some minor problems if the fabric gets too thick, but overall a good machine for the price."
A good investment. This is my first sewing machine. I did not know how to use sewing machine before this. But I learned pretty quickly and did a good job!
"My  daughter has the same machine for crafting and really likes it, so when I saw the machine on Black Friday I just could not pass it up..."
CHRISTMAS PRESENT FOR MY DAUGHTER SHE WASN'T EXPECTING A SEWING MACHINE. I ORDERED IT AT THE LAST MINUTE AND RECEIVED ON THE MONDAY BEFORE CHRISTMAS.. VERY HAPPY
i got this for my mom for christmas and she likes it she makes alot of stuff and haven't had any problems with this yet. and it came really fast and well pakage.
I bought it as a gift and She liked it. It is a good machine for simple things. When she get to uses it more often I'll make a better review.
"She has made a stuffed animal, doll clothes, and a skirt for herself.  It was easy for her to pick up the controls, and she loves using it.  Had some struggles with tension, but we were both beginners and figured it out eventually."
"This is a great machine. It works perfectly. Obviously you cannot sew the hips part of jeans, but I sew jeans, pants in general, shirts, everything and it works great."
"This machine is of very poor quality.  Save your money.  Better yet, splurge and get something that works. I have."
"Seems like it is built rather cheaply--plastic parts--but the price was great.  So far, it works well and is easy to use.  Will come back after I've done more sewing and rate again."
"My wife, I believe qualifies as an expert sewer (she is Past Pres. of her chapter of the Sewing Guild).  We were looking for a sewing machine to give our 11 year old Granddaughter for Xmas.  My wife loves the features on this machine; especially the button hole attachment.  She went over the machine every which way possible, and loves the ease of use.  Her conclusion.... it is Approved.  You would be hard pressed to find a machine (for a new sewer, or a portable/backup, for a Pro that can beat the price."
I love it! Does a lot for me at home always. You should do sewing as I have done always.
I love it it does the job that I needed it to do I would recommend it to everyone I know
"I'm 18 years old and I wanted my first sewing machine. I decided for this one because it had a excellent price that I could afford and because I love the color. When I opened the box, it was Incredible... and after a few uses I still love it. I recommend this machine,  has a good price, is easy for begginers and their color is great."
Gave this as a starter machine for a 9 year old.  She is thrilled.  Now she will take lessons and she is very excited.
"This is a step down from an older machine I once had but I am still pleased. The ease of use is a nice benefit. It has all the necessary functions that I use regularly and there are some special functions that I am pretty sure I won't ever use. This is certainly a great starter machine for anyone. Simplified buttonholing, decorative stitching, easy threading. The instruction booklet is well written as well. The only negative I could think of is that it would have been nice to have had a cover come with it. I don't like my machine gathering dust in between uses and needed to find an appropriate cover for it."
"Mom wanted a beginers sewing machine, this is exactly perfect. It has more options then its competitors. Great machine for the price."
It was a gift to my wife and she loves it. Simple yet advance enough to get the job done
"I had this item on my wishlist and I received it as a gift. I was very excited to try it out. I took my daughter to the fabric store to pick out fabric and get some other things I would need. Then got home and took the sewing machine out of the box to set it up. Now, I have not used a sewing machine in about 15 years (since home economics class). So I had to spend a good chunk of time looking at the instructions to get it set up. Most people have no problem with the instructions they have now, pictures with arrows telling you what to do. But those just don't work for me. So, I searched for a you tube video showing me how to set it up and get it going and then I was up and running in 5 minutes! I had no issues what so ever with the lower threading as some others have. That was really easy. I've made my daughter a couple things with it so far and it's working like a charm. I'm loving it and very happy with it. Once I learned how to get it set up, it's been very easy to use. Perfect for a beginner like me!"
"My 10-year old daughter loves, loves, loves this sewing machine! My wife does too. It was a little complicated to get it threaded, but my wife and daughter had created a stuffed animal (~sock monkey) from scratch within hours, including whiskers, button eyes, arms, legs, tail, body, and head. And, it turned out actually quite awesome!"
"Great Machine comes complete with most accessories. Easy to follow instructions. The needle threading device is fantastic, no more trying to thread the cotton through the eye of the needle."
"Bought this for my 17 year old niece who seems to have a talent for sewing. She absolutely loves it! Easy to work and handle. She's a little better than a beginner, and it was the right way to go for her."
This was the big gift for my daughter for Christmas and it's shipped in the Brother sewing machine box not a brown Amazon box. It was just sitting on the front porch with shipping info stuck to the side of the box. Was really disappointed.
"I bought this for my Mom who loves the light weight, but very versatile machine that she can move from project to any room she feels like working in. The multiple stitch programs allow her to do anything and she loves it."
"I decided I was going to learn to sew so that I may make garments for my family (Cheaper that Way). I didn't know where to start, well I thought I wanted a computerized machine which they are very nice but not for me. I kept coming across this brother xl 2600i and I was sold. It has wonderful precision and the stitching looks very professional. So if your're unsure of what machine to start out with I'd go for this one you will not be disappointed."
I bought this for my daughter for Christmas and she loves it.  It is a good little machine - not fancy by any means - but it does the job.
"good machine easy to use and good instructions, I do like to sew with this machine I do recommend this."
"I absolutely love this sewing machine.  It has so many features, but they are all so easy to use.  It is a very welcome addition to my clothing/craft projects."
This thing is complete junk. If I could give it negative stars I would. The lower thread looping is ridiculous and incredibly annoying and unfixable (yes I read the other reviews and after taking this hunk of crap apart and replacing the bobbin a hundred times and wasting hour of my life I can never get back it STILL doesn't work and loops the lower thread).  Even if I could get it to work (which I can't) it should take a damn hour to properly insert a F****ing bobbin. This thing is a joke and I'd love to go office space on its a** and smash it to bits. Instead I'll return it and buy a sewing machine that isn't trash.
This is such a fantastic buy and such a small price. I am giving it to my daughter for Christmasd but i have the same machine only with a few more stitches.  It is easy to use and the variety of stiches allows for all kinds of mending and seaming along with a few deco stitches.  Unbelievable value
The sewing machine arrived in better timing than I expected and was just as was described online. The only thing is it was a Christmas gift and was delivered in its own box and I was not home to receive it.
"I am quite happy with my purchase! This sewing machine works really well for someone like me who only works on a couple of sewing projects throughout the year. Since I don't need a fancy machine nor do I have a fortune to spend, this sewing machine seemed like the perfect match. And it was. it's a very smooth machine especially compared to my family's old machine that was about to die."
"I just got this the other day and I used it for the first time. I bought the suggested bundle of sewing machine, thread, and bobbins. The 1 pager contain the important information to get started and it's very easy to follow. It's not that different from other sewing machines that i've worked with. Just be sure to get sewing threads that are not too tall (2 inch or less would be good) since the thread holder on the top doesn't extend too far up. The suggested thread works well with the sewing machine. On a side note, the bobbin of the sewing machine is plastic, if anyone is concerned about that. It came with four initial bobbins. Overall I am very satisfied with the sewing machine and I would recommend it."
I am sure I will like this as it looks like a good one for me. I cannot give much review as due to illness I have not as yet used it. I plan on using ot soon.
Got this for my mom who has never had her own sewing machine. She loves it and says it is super easy to thread. Works great for making her quilts and is easy to use.
Got this as a gift for my fiance at her request. She loves it and has really taken to it as a hobby. Works really well and seems to be great for beginners.
"Bought this machine as a gift to myself to learn to sew on. Not knowing if I could accomplish this or not, I figured I had not wasted too much money if it was a no go. It was so easy to use and get started on. Love the stitch patterns and ease of use this machine offers. I have made several things on this and it has been a great purchase to have and use."
"I got this after having such a hassle loading the bobbin on my old, inherited sewing machine. It was "" portable"" for its time weighing in a light 40 pds. I nearly threw a disk in my back dragging it out to sew. I eventually became so fed up, I stopped sewing. My daughter recently jumped on the sewing band wagon I had been searching for a replacement for a while when this happen to go on Black Friday sale. I was super excited that it had the self loading bobbin.

I love that the machine is light weight! I can pick it up with one hand!
I also love the bobbin and self threading needle feature- what a time saver!

My 9 yr old already has the hang of doing everything herself, which is awesome!

My only complaint is the thread bunches up under the fabric sometimes while sewing. Its a minor inconvenience, but maybe it has to do with the type of thread. I am really happy with this machine and glad I bought it."
"A useful portable, light,but stable, and able to do more than zig-zag. My wife uses it for the myriad of 'mini-jobs'."
when I have a problem and need assistance whom do I call. I really like the lightweight of the machine but there is no handle for moving around
"This little machine is perfect! While it is not as complex as the new ones, it did the job for me and I love it. I still use it for my easy fixer-uppers and such. Great buy."
"Basic machine, does what it is meant to do. Nothing fancy, good price. Works good with regular clothing. Difficult with stretch material."
"Wife Likes the auto button hole feature.
Machine has trouble handling heavy jean material.
Great Basic machine for beginner or someone that just need a no frills machine."
"December 2013: I am a beginner, and didn't want to invest too much in case I gave up/got bored/etc.  I am glad I bought this one.  The instructions were very easy to follow.  I was able to make my Halloween costume with very little issues.  I am most glad that I still use it from time to time - I have used it to hem a few pairs of pants and make Christmas presents.  I expect it to last a while, and am happy with my purchase.

Update December 2015: I still have / use / recommend this machine."
"Purchased this as Christmas gift for my daughter who has taken an interest in fashion.  Seems fairly easy to operate, we'll see!!"
Delivered in perfect time and the machine is the best I've ever used! Several stitch options that I have never used before...BONUS!
This is a very easy to use sewing machine. It is user friendly and has so far been very reliable. Great machine with lots of features at a great price point.
Very nice but just to learn it. I have to got to learn more it will takes about a month to see how am I doing.
excellent
"This sewing machine is for my daughter. Until now, I haven't had any problems whatsoever. I thought it was going to be light weighted, but it isn't. I'm amazed with the shipping and delivery, very excellent. Thanks Amazon!!!!"
I was pleasantly surprised to receive my sewing machine second day after order without expedited shipping. The machine is light enough to move around for use and storage. It works well and I especially enjoy the ease of bobbin winding coming from my thirty year old classic. I use the machine primarily for alterations.  The only negative has been the hit and miss adjustment of underside stitch tension; for now I practice on extra fabric with hopes that time and usage will solve this problem.
"The manual is so terrible, totally not logic. Waste time and money. I will never buy any  Brother products any more."
"I purchased this machine for my daughter who likes sewing as a hobby. This machine has more than enough stitches for beginners, easy to use and the most important, the price which is the best compared to other brands with similar functions."
Nice machine for my beginner needs sewn 2 baby quilts on it might upgrade eventually but for now I'm very happy.
It was a gift for my daughter.  She loves it and finds it easy to use. Making scarves and gloves for extra money is easier now.
LOVE LOVE LOVE  No issues with this machine at all!  Easy to use for a beginner!  Super simple!  I will be able to learn to sew myself.
"I had been sewing with my Singer, but it kept jamming and the bobbin casing did kept coming up out of the machine. Plus, it was always a fight to keep the tension correct between seems. I'm not talking about different fabrics on different days- I'm talking about the same fabric, from one side of hemming to the next. My mother has sewn with the same Brother for years and years, and told me (after I brought my Singer to her multiple times for her to fix) that Brother was much more reliable.

So I gave up on it and packed up my Singer. My sister loaned her Brother to me, and I was surprised at how easy it was to sew with it. I finished a lot of projects, and happily sewed away... until she asked for it back (3 years later). So I started searching and found the one she had for about $75. Then this one came up on a black Friday deal for less expensive than the simpler Brother, so I snapped it up. I was able to pull it out of the box and sew immediately- the stitching is smooth, solid, and effortless. I'm so relieved to have such a nice machine again."
"I bought this machine for my grandaughter (8 years old) who was just learning to sew.  It was extremely easy to set up and thread with the automatic threader.  Of course, I or her mother is supervising when she's sewing.  When I told my daughter (42 years old) what I'd bought her neice, she wanted one.  Guess what she's getting for X-mas?  Great machine for young or old.
One note, however, when unpackaging the machine, be very careful when removing the tape from the ""pattern selection dial""."
"This machine arrived way sooner than expected! I needed it for an after school class that I was teaching and the machine works extremely well . I'm am pleased with the speedy service as well as the quality of the machine .  I will definitely order again!
Thank you !"
"Great little machine for a beginner. This machine is definitely geared toward apparel vs other craft projects. Not a huge price tag so its not a big commitment when buying. Loved all the additional features that usually don't come with a machine in this price range such as the button system and automatic threader. The manual is great and incredibly easy to use. Great cross referencing. I was able to go over many layers of lightweight fabric with this machine but didn't try sewing anything heavier. The amount of accessories that come with this machine is outstanding! If you google the price of all of them as attachments, they will add up to just around what you're paying for this entire package.

The only issue I had was that I couldn't figure out how to use this machine for free motion quilting after buying an additional foot for it. At that point I upgraded to the CS6000i. However, I didn't really expect to do anything besides the basics on here as that is what the machine is suited for."
Easy to use. Great for basic sewing projects. Lightweight. I had an old White that weighted 60lbs and it was time to replace it.
"Great purchase!!!!  I love it! No problems at all so far! If you're looking for something inexpensive but dependable, I'd highly recommend this machine. Plus, there are YouTube videos posted for this model if you need any help!"
My girlfriend loves it! She's already sewn 2 dog beds back together and several dog toys with know problems. She mentioned threading was very very easy too.
"I read all the reviews and thought this would be a good machine for my mom to start learning on, but I sure was wrong.  The quickstart guide (all pictures) is good if you've used one of these machines before; but if you haven't, don't waste your time with the quick start guide, open the manual instead which has worded instructions with the pictures.

Once we finally got it threaded (took 10 minutes) we tried sewing a couple of lines on some old t-shirts and struggled to get the right tension even after turning the dial over and over it just seemed to never get right, you would see the loops on the top or the bottom and the fabric wasn't tight together.

Next we had problems with the thread getting tangled underneath the fabric and inside the bobbin case.  We spent more time untangling stuff than sewing.  After an hour we realized that this wasn't going to work, it was going to cause more frustration that it was worth.

We had bought this one blind based on reviews, so we decided to take a look at some machines at a store.  We saw the Singer One machine and had a chance to try it out and it was so much easier in all aspects.  We then ordered one here at Amazon for $229.99 (The store was $299.99), if it was $20 more we would have bought it there but for a $70 difference we ordered it here. (We have Amazon Prime) so we used the $3.99 one day shipping option.  When we got the machine delivered the next day were up and sewing in 10 minutes.  Our first task was to hem some of my son's jeans before he goes back to school on Monday.

Below is our experience with the Singer One:
#1. The threading is really simple, it's pull it around a couple of hooks, and then there is a slide down lever on the left side and it pulls it through easily.
#2. The auto-tension is great, you just set it to auto and it makes the stitches right and tight.
#3. It's computerized so you can just pick one of the stitches on the front panel and it does what it's supposed to do.
#4. the needle it comes with looks stronger than the one that came on the brother, looks slightly thicker.

I'm sure this Brother XL2600i is a great machine for the money and for what it can do when you know what you're doing, but if you are just starting off, you may get frustrated with it like we did.  I hate the cliche, you get what you pay for, but at about 3 times more than the Brother, we're really happy with the Singer machine as it's much easier to use from a beginner's point of view.  My mom is semi-retired and she just wanted to take up a hobby, and now she has one.

In conclusion, if you've never used a sewing machine before, you may get frustrated with this one.  If you are a parent who is getting one for a child, and you have never used a sewing machine before, you will both probably get frustrated.  If you are going to get one of these, make sure you have a friend who you can ask for help, or buy it somewhere that has employees that can help you, because otherwise you'll probably get frustrated."
This is my first sewing machine I've ever owned.  It's great for beginners- very straightforward.  And there are many YouTube videos for how to use it.  Lightweight and easy to use.
It came with a fast cheat sheet for threading bobber and machine. Quick and easy! One of the easiest machines!
1 day.  10 curtains hemmed.  Why?  Because this little machine cranks out thread like...well...a machine!  This was my first sewing machine and the bobbin was a pain in the rump but I guess that's typical.  I had a house full of curtains to hem and this little baby got the job done perfectly.
I have had this machine for about 3 months now. It has been great for the basic sewing projects that I purchased it for. It seems to have some issues going though multiple layers or thick fabric. I really like the needle threading feature. Overall a great basic machine.
"I got these awhile ago, it works great and very easy to set up. Very easy to set settings and change tread.  The only downside is, it gets duaty in there fast so you have to take it apart and clean it out. Its kinda hard to clean out, need a toothbrush or something small. Thr instructions are very easy to follow and can walk you through all of that. Over all I am very pleased. I make a lot of stuff! Great for the price!!!!"
Just what I was looking for.  Its a really nice machine.  Once I figured out putting the bobbin in correctly its worked perfectly. I've only used it a couple of times for mending and hemming pants.
My mother recommended this because it is easy to use and smooth running. I just do simply things so didn't need an expensive 'do everything' sewing machine. I have already repaired some slacks and made curtains for a window.
"This sewing machine works great for me. I'm by no means an expert on sewing, but this sewing machine has been getting the job done for me! I mostly use it for hemming pants, or other simple alterations/mending."
"This machine is literally the best thing that ever happened to me. It legitimately changed my life, and I LOVE it.

The Brother XL2600I comes in easy-to-open packaging that seriously takes 2 seconds to open. It came in perfect condition, unharmed and pristine. The best part about opening it? It took me less than a minute to get it working!!!! This machine is SO STRAIGHT-FORWARD AND SIMPLE TO USE. I am, by the way, a first-time sewer under the age of 15 and I only had to glance at their easy instruction guide before putting my machine into action.

I am so impressed by this machine, I am at a loss for words. The drop-in bobbin, needle-threader, thread cutter, and the rest of this machine's many, many features make sewing quick, convenient, simple, and fun, while remaining to provide lots of advanced (yet uncomplicated to use) functions and features for ALL TYPES of levels and abilities...

BEGINNERS WITH ZERO EXPERIENCE:
-extremely easy to learn on
-TONS of features that aren't overwhelming
-can be used without touching any of the features if necessary
-can be used without adjusting settings and dials all the time!
-sews steadily, quietly, and not intimidatingly
-can be used at whatever speed you feel comfortable at
-will meet your needs continuously as you gain experience
-simple directions written ON the machine
-easy to thread, easy to prepare, easy to wind bobbin
-very forgiving and durable machine that DOES NOT break every 10 minutes
-HIGH QUALITY unlike other ""BEGINNER"" machines (which are cheap and break a lot. NOT easy)
-No, you will not sew over your fingers! It's really hard to do that!!!
-great for ALL ages of beginners!!! (Children may need some guidance, as with ALL sewing machines)
TIP: This may seem a bit overwhelming at first. To tell you the truth, sewing in general can be. There can be a lot to think about, but just take it step by step. Watch some Youtube videos, ask some friends, OR go to your local craft store if you need a little help. Or, you can always ask questions here at Amazon.com. But don't worry, once you get the basics down, there is SO much to discover, and so much fun to be had. Plus, once you get going you will never stop. The more you play around with things, the more you will learn and the more you use the machine the easier everything will seem! Don't worry about doing things wrong. Machines may SEEM scary at first, but TRUST me; there's nothing you can do wrong. Just GO for it and HAVE FUN!!!!

INTERMEDIATE BEGINNERS:
-Simple functions, easy to use
-Lots to explore
-you will have so much fun playing around with settings, stitch patterns, stitch widths and lengths, and even different feet!
-you can make anything on this machine; from clothes to quilts to curtains to stuffed animals. Anything!!

INTERMEDIATE AND ADVANCED:
-although this machine is easy to use, it is not OVERLY simple for more advanced users
-provides all the necessary stitch patterns for more professional sewing projects
-can go fast, has some speed to it (if necessary)

The manual is good, but I found it helpful to go through and outline the parts in english with a colored pencil. (Half of it is in spanish, and there are a lot of some-what-unnecessary precautionary things, but it's still very easy to read.) I don't really have to use it often, because the machine is extremely straight-forward and easy to use, yet not overly simple for advanced sewers at the same time. I do really like the detailed pages that provide clear information on thread, stitch size and width, fabric, tension, needle, and foot combinations. For instance, if you were sewing stretchy fabric, you would look at the chart and it will tell you what tension, needle, stitch pattern, etc, you should use. Very convenient.

The ONE THING I found slightly confusing at first about this machine was that it seemed as though only half of the stitches were accessible. I then realized that in order to access the second half of the stitch patterns on the dial, (13-25 the little numbers on the inside of the dial), you simply have to turn the stitch length dial onto 'SS' (stretch stitch). Problem solved.

I had SO much fun playing around with all of the stitch patterns. There are 25 in all, and I think it's the perfect amount. It has all the stitches you will ever need, and there is something for anything you could possibly sew. There are simple stitches (like straight stitch, zig-zag, etc.), there are stitches for stretchy fabrics so the seams won't pop while being used, and lots of gorgeous decorative stitches that I found EXTREMELY IMPRESSIVE FOR THE PRICE.

And speaking of the price, I am BLOWN AWAY at the quality of this machine for how much it costs! INCREDIBLE. To tell the truth, I was almost a bit concerned that the machine would be a bit on the cheap and beginner-ish side. I was worried that it would be a bit toy-ish or overly easy-to-use. NEVER WOULD I IMAGINE the OUTSTANDING QUALITY in this machine. I SERIOUSLY CANNOT TELL YOU ENOUGH how amazing this machine is. It's almost like they're giving it away for free. In fact, I know a lot of people who own machines that are extremely expensive and advanced, and this one beats them all by miles and miles. It's unbelievable to me. This is the best purchase a human being could possibly make.

I love my machine SO much. Whether this is your very first sewing machine and you have little to no experience, you are a sewing-mom who needs a speedy and durable machine, or a professional sewer who wants an extra machine around to put a specific foot on or to use as a portable machine (this one is very light and easily portable), or you are the average sewer looking for a new machine, the Brother XL2600I is perfect for EVERY NEED, EVERY LEVEL OF EXPERIENCE OR CAPABILITY, ANYTHING YOU COULD EVER DESIRE.

Thank you, Brother, I thank you millions."
"Nice machine, great price.  I do struggle getting it threaded.  Threading through the pull up arm is hard - why not just have the arm come out of the casing enough to see?"
Perfect! Super easy to use and at a great price. The needle threading feature alone is worth the price of this machine!
It is sturdy but light weight and works just fine.  I bought it for simple sewing and repairs and it well exceeds my needs but that's ok. Maybe I'll learn to use all those stitches!
I love this machine. It's easy to use and practical. Great value for your money. I look forward to creating many wonderful things!
"I got this for a Christmas 2013 present so I haven't opened it yet, but just looking at everything on the box it looks exactly what I wanted/needed! I cannot wait to try it out :)"
User friendly -- especially if you have prior experience with sewing machine. Directions are very clear and easy to understand. A great product for the price.
It is a nice little light machine .  Good for taking to classes and also for a new beginner of sewing.
"I am a complete sewing novice and have never done anything more complicated than hand sewing buttons, hems and small and simple craft projects.  I only borrowed my mom's sewing machine on occasion and only to use a straight stitch.

I bought this machine because:

1) Seriously, look at the price tag - for a little more money than what you'd pay for one of those mini toy craft machines, you get a proper Brother sewing machine.

2) I don't have the skills to do anything complicated right now, so I wanted simplicity and minimal functions, but enough features that in the event I decide to learn more about sewing, I wouldn't have to upgrade straight away.  This fit the bill.

3) Whatever I got, it had to be small, relatively lightweight and portable.  I live in NYC and there is not much room.

Long story short, the machine arrived very speedily and worked like a charm.  It comes with a quick start reference guide so you don't even have to open the manual to get sewing.  It came with an impressive amount of extra accessories that I didn't expect.  12 hours later, I finished my project which turned out pretty good.  Since then I've made various other small bits and pieces - it's quick to set up and pack up and so far so good."
This machine is replacing my old machine and I wanted a more basic machine and this one fits the bill perfectly.
Works great - Thanks so much.  Easy to operate.  Good Instructions.  Love the one stich adjustable button holer foot attachment.
"Not new to sewing, was hopeful this would get me by until I could afford a better machine again.  Seems to need repairs every 2-3 projects.  JAMS easily.  Any bobbin besides the rather pricey brother brand will jam it up.  Sewing 3 layers of fabric instead of 2 jams it, It is also picky about which needles are used.  Flannel jams it up no matter how often it is cleaned.

While I did not expect a wonder machine at a wonder price, I did expect it to last longer than the 3 skirts I was able to make before it turned into a pile of junk.  The warranty is useless as well."
Can't go wrong with so many other great reviews!  Purchased for my 7 y/o and wish I would have bought this months ago instead of repairing and fighting with our ancient one.
"I purchased 3 of these machines to add to one I already had. I have a sewing school, and teach children and adults. These machines have been little workhorses for 3 years. No mechanical issues at all. Threader hook might get tweeked, but only after a young student tried to thread it using heavy buttonhole thread! I recommend this machine to my beginning students, as it's a small investment to get started with, if they want to move up to something electronic, they have not spent tons on the first machine. I am very pleased with this machine!"
It had everything I needed for the simple sewing projects I was doing.  Nothing hard to use or learn to use.  Wish the cords were longer.
"Much has been written about this and I'd say that the positive reviews were correct.

Pros:

25 stitches, great for simple projects, great price, great self-threading and bobbin switching. It did better than expected on thick fabric, like raising the cuffs on blue jeans and going over the folded over side/seam which is pretty thick.

Cons:

The tension setting took a little work to get right, so that's a little of an art."
Great machine for the money!! Durable and easy to use... I don't think you can beat it for the price.
"Worked well out of the box, and fairly easy for me to use, light enough to store on a upper shelf. I don't do heavy sewing, just repairs and occasionally some pajama's."
Lovely machine just perfect for the basics.  I purchased two for my school's quilt club.  The students are learning the craft on these machines.  Very affordable.
"After making several ""no-sew"" curtains for my home, I decided to attempt machine sewing to tackle the pillows and other dcor. This one had great reviews on Amazon, so I ordered it. I took a sewing class in Jr. high school about 25 years ago but really don't know how to sew. I watched the video on how to thread the machine, read the Quick Start Guideline and was quite impressed with how easy the initial set-up was. My first project was to sew a 20x20 pillow cover. It looks amazing (except for the side that I hand sewed!). This sewing machine is easy to use, great for beginners and has lots of features that a beginner needs. My 10 year old daughter watched me several times and already knows how to wind the bobbin and thread the needle and sew! I'm amazed. My 8 yr old son has toyed around with it and sewn some scraps together! I highly recommend this sewing machine."
Fantastic machine. I'm new to sewing but the machine was easy to set up and use. Just follow the directions carefully for threading the bobbin and I had no issues with tension for a few basic hems I did last night. Can't wait to try more projects with this machine.
"I think this sewing machine is a great product.  I had no idea how to sew, and though I am not a great seamstress (not by a long shot), that's not the machine's fault.  It was easy to learn how to thread the bobbin and needle, and I've had fun playing with the different settings.  If you're looking for a good machine to learn how to sew on, I would definitely suggest this one!"
"So far I'm loving this little sewing machine.  It's great as I learn how to sew and so far haven't had any issues.  If you don't feel like reading the manual and are new to sewing, there are a couple great videos on YouTube by Natalie Mootz on how to set up the machine: Here's one on winding the bobbin: [...]"
"I love this sewing machine!  I've always wanted to learn (my mother sewed and always just ended up doing it for me rather than teaching me because it was quicker).  So, I bought this for myself (i'm in my 30's) and got ready to teach myself how to get started.  This sewing machine is so easy to understand, use and be comfortable with.  The user's manual is very informative and i've been able to answer any questions that I had by thumbing through the book.  I've also found a ton of youtube video tutorials that walked me through how to load the bobbin, set it up for getting started, and even walked me through thread tension and other great tips.  I've just finished my first quilt and i'm so proud of it!  This sewing machine arrived really quickly and was packaged perfectly!  Since it's my first sewing machine, I can't compare it to any other machine, but I can say that i'm glad that this is the one I chose to start learning with."
I gave this as a gift to my friend.  She loves it.  It was easy for someone who has limited experience with sewing.  We did a few projects with it.  good value for the money
I AM IN LOVE THIS IS SO WORTH THE MONEY AND SUCH A GREAT MACHINE. I BROUGHT THIS FOR A PHOTO SHOOT AND THIS WORKED PERFECT. I WILL BUY AGAIN. GREAT PRODUCT. THANK YOU SO MUCH.
"Wow. Am extremly pleased with this product. Am a beginer sewer and this model is very user friendly, with lots of easy to understand more advanced options that will take me to a more advanced sewer without having to buy another machiene. Strongly recomend this product!"
"I am not a professional but having this machine at home saves a lot of money. Works very well. Simple to use, good quality machine.
I would definitely recommend this unit."
"Wow.  I'm a terrible seamstress.  Like most women my age (50s), I learned to sew in home ec in junior high school.  But I was bad it at (for the record, I would have been bad at ""shop"" too - my hand-eye coordination leaves much to be desired).  So once that year was up, it was no more sewing for me.  Inevitably, however, one has to sew sometimes.  When the seam in the duvet cover rips, when the curtains need to be shortened, when you have to hem those khakis, sewing must occur.  So I've become a huge user of various kinds of fabric glues and tapes. They work after a fashion, but they don't make it through the wash unscathed.  At last, as I stare old age in the eye, I broke down and bought a sewing machine.  And good grief, but it's easy to use.  I still am completely uncoordinated, but that duvet cover was repaired in no time.  Can shorter curtains be far behind?"
"Sturdy machine, able to change stitch easily and adjusts well, the threading is simple and easy to do, no problems  with attachments. Great starter machine!"
This is just what I needed.  It performs exactly as advertised and I am well pleased.  Actually look forward to using it up in the future.
"My 9 yo daughter needed a machine for sewing club. Singer brand has always been a go to brand for us, since my parents worked in the garment district. This machine met all expectations: easy to use, safe and awesome features for the price."
My wife is just now taking up sewing again after many years.  This was not over complex so easy to learn again.  It is also sturdy enough to hand most materials.  It handles most material weights.  It is light enough to easily move when you want to put it away.
"We got the machine in just a few days it was packed well seems to be all there but we
Have not had the time to sew with it later on that."
"My wife loves this machine for ease of use, great features and trusted quality. We highly recommend this machine for beginners or professionals."
"She likes it.  My wife likes this machine.  Set up was a bit confusing, but then she found instruction videos on YouTube which explained clearly what to do."
"Just getting use to it. So far it work perfect, for my sewing needs. It's not noisy like other machines I owned in the past."
"I am learning to sew and on a machine that only cost me $70, no matter what it can't do or has a hard time doing, the fact that it only cost minimal fee, does what I need it to do until I am comfortable enough to buy a deluxe model."
Not all the flash and technology of some of the other sewing machines but it does the standard work just fine.  perfect for simple sewing.  may work for more complex sewing as well.  I just haven't put it through that test yet.  Simple curtains and hems.  I will say that the threading process is much easier on this machine than my old one.
I tried three different brands of sewing machines but Brother is my favorite. This is a simple machine but it has all the functions I need. I use it almost every day and I love it.
"I bought this for my wife who always wanted to learn to sew, but for some reason a little intimidated at the thought of making clothes. While her projects have been pretty basic so far, the fact that she was able to use it right out of the box with minimal sewing instruction culled from YouTube. Her very good friend who has sewn for years was impressed at the range of options this machine has: easy, and abundance of stitching options, light weight, etc.. It's a very good machine definitely for the beginner, but it may be useful for someone with experience, as well."
"Again this was a gift for our granddaughter, and I think she likes it, seems like a good started machine for a young girl."
"My mother is an actual Seamstress and she has several high end machines. After 47 years, I am FINALLY learning to sew! I wanted an easy starter machine, so I purchased the Brother XL 2600i. All I can say is, WOW! As my mom was teaching me, she couldn't believe the speed control and the smoothness of the machine. - she loved it so much, that she bought 2 more of these ""entry"" machines for her and a friend, just because she loved it so much! - oh yeah....and I like it, as well. But, of.course, I have nothing to compare it to! LOL!"
"After my electronic 35 year old Singer went out I did not want to spend a fortune on new circuit boards and repair. Also I did not want to spend a lot of money on a new electronic one. I checked the ratings on both the non electronic Brother and Singer machines to see which would best suit my needs in the price range I was looking in. I found the BrotherXL2600i had the best reviews for the money in my research. I decided on the Brother XL2600i and I love it. It came in just a few days and the packaging was in perfect condition. It took me only a few minutes to unpack and get set up. I like the simple adjustments and the easy use of the machine.
  I highly recommend this machine.

R.B."
"i sold my high class sewing machine to downgrade, i got this and i don't regret doing it one bit.  it is easy to use, of good quality, and light weight ."
"I love this sewing machine!!!  It has been probably thirty years since I have sewn but recently decided to get back into it and needed an inexpensive, easy to use machine.  This fits the bill perfectly.  When it arrived, I let it sit for a couple of days before I tried it, thinking it would probably be a chore learning how to thread it and set up the bobbin, etc.  But I was pleasantly surprised.  It was so simple - the instructions are diagramed right on the machine as well as in  the user manual - and I am thrilled with the needle threader (being of that age when my eyes aren't quite so good for close up work).  I have used it for several minor mending projects, and just completed a halloween costume.  No problems at all.  The machine performed beautifully.  I am very impressed with the ease of use, functionality, and price."
Unfortunately I had guests visiting my missionary assignment and were unable to bring because of its size. But when I explained to Amazon they immediately sent return label so that I could have it sent back.
This is a great machine for the price. I've made several little projects and it performs well every time. The instruction manual was easy to understand and helpful with teaching about different stitches. Easy to thread
"My niece took Home Ec and enjoyed sewing. I bought her this machine because I wanted to get sturdy, low-cost machine that she could use for decades. I also wanted to get her a drop-in bobbin because I've found them so much easier to use. So far she is enjoying this machine, she was very happy with it."
i recnetly bought this as my first sewing machine. great features and great value. would highly recommend this to a friend !  love the the needle threader
A great find///was so pleased with the quick delivery and the price of the machine...I needed it badly..a great machine..So easy and fun to use.thank you
Like the brother machines. Easy to use and figure out. Has enough stiches to be creative and create but not so many that it's confusing.
so far its good...i saw you tube video tutorials to set up the machine and it was much easy than I imagined!!!
The machine came missing power cord and foot feed and bobbin cover. I am 82 and handicapped so I had to have help getting a replacement and returning the one. I can't rate the machine yet because I'm learning how to use it.  hope it's worth all the trouble I went through to get it.
This item was purchased as a gift which has not been given to the person yet.  It was received on time and in good condition.
Got this for my 12 year old for Christmas. Now hers is better than mine! It sews great and is simple enough for a beginner. We love it!
This machine was for my wife and she hasn't had much time to use it yet. She was pleasantly surprised when she found that it has an automatic needle threader. It's very lightweight and easily stored. Great bargain!
Wonderful.  It's my first sewing machine.  My first project with it was a success (window valances).  Good machine with a good price for beginners.  Note:  instructional demos on YouTube videos were great for the initial setup.
"I pondered for months before buying a sewing machine, having not sewn anything for over 20 years, I was slightly nervous.

I didn't want to spend much in-case it ended up not being used. I read a lot of reviews on a lot of machines.

It was easy to set up, I got the bobbins threaded in about 5 minutes and then set up the spool, but the instructions are slightly annoying with the English/Spanish translations being after each step, it would be better if one half of the booklet was English and the other half Spanish, so it flowed better.

I had tension issues, but found a great review about how the bottom thread has to go through the little notch to keep the tension, and after a few trials on scrap material, I figured out which tension was right.

It's nice and light, I have a toddler and cats, so I store it high on a shelf out of everyone's way, it's easy to lift up & down.

Great price for a great little machine."
I bought this as a gift for my 28 year old daughter. It was a great price and it works very well and has lots of features.
"excellent, light, and works the way it should. i only use it to make my daughter some simple basic clothes and blankets and decor for my home. it is perfecct for that."
"This is a great little machine, especially for the beginner. It is easy to use and has several functions. I bought one for my daughter-she loves it."
Excellent machine for the intermediate sewer. Altering and simple covers are all I sew anymore and this machine does that and more!!! Great price for the quality.
"Being as though skirts these days are either in a pattern I like and too short, or, the perfect length but in a pattern that I don't like, I decided to learn how to sew.

This is by far the easiest machine to use for a beginner. Having a technical writing background, I don't think the instruction booklet is clear in explaining how to set us and use the machine. I highly suggest going to You Tube and searching for how to set up the bobbins, it helps to actually see it vs. reading it. Once you practice a few times, setting the machine up is like a breeze.

The machine is very lightweight and easy to carry around. If you don't have a dedicated sewing area where you can keep your machine, you'll have no problems carrying it around."
"Using this sewing machine as a first timer.  It's been great.  Everything works well, it's simple enough yet has plenty of options and settings.
It's a little heavy, and still a basic machine - but nice."
"Basic, but good machine for beginner and experienced sewers . Good price, easy to use, the auto needle threader are  awesome."
"I used to sell Montgomery Ward sewing machines in the 1970's.  I hurt my back lifting these machines and suffered several decades with back pain.  You don't dare lift them with one arm.  The Brother is so much lighter in weight.  It can be lifted with one arm or both if necessary.  My first project was to hem an old pair of Wrangler jeans.  It did pretty well in the heavy denim, but I will avoid tripling and quadrupling the material like the manufacturer does.  They use heavy duty machines where as the Brother is better with thinner materials.  It can handle doubled denim.

It takes a little getting used to raising and lowering the foot.

I think it is a great machine for beginners and advanced sewers."
"I had to buy a new machine because the yard sale one I picked up didn't come with instructions on how to thread it and I could never get the tension right. This is super easy to thread and wind the bobbin. I love that some of the directions (arrows etc.) are imprinted on the machine for threading. I was also impressed that it has a needle threader and sews backwards. So far I have  used this twice to sew heavy patches on to shirts and it worked great. I was concerned that heavy fabric would break it, but it worked fine for my needs, which is periodic use. Finally as a novice I was horrified that as soon as I opened it my pre-schooler messed with all of the knobs, but it was very easy to reset the stitches and the tension. Whew!"
This is a sewing machine for the beginners and experienced sewers. Easy to use and I love the different sew patterns. I only wish a instructional dvd came with it.
"Fun and easy to use. The handbook was helpful, but sometimes difficult to navigate since instructions are alternating in English and Spanish (presumably to save paper). I wish they'd included an instructional DVD. Thankfully, there's this thing called the internet; I was able to find a general Brother instructional video on YouTube (bearable to watch, even with the strange narrating voice).

As other reviews have stated, in order to stop the lower thread from looping, just make sure you get the thread into the tension-adjusting spring underneath the plastic tongue.

Great for the price. I highly recommend this to any beginners."
"i wanted a basic, starter sewing machine, as i've never used one before.

you have to follow the instructions to setup the thread and needle, if you've no experience.

i was referencing both the detailed manual and quick setup guide. the pics on the quick setup helped and the detailed explanation helped from the manual.

looking back, i would have bought the next model up for the over-locking stitch because, i think, that's the common looking t-shirt stitch, but again, i'm just learning on the machine so i'm not 100% sure.

but the machine works, it's what i bought, i got what i expected and am happy with the purchase."
"It works really well considering the budget price, but is a little heavier than I had anticipated though so I don't look forward to pulling it out to use it. Have had it for a couple of months now and cons so far are that i have already lost the cover on one of the knobs, the seam ripper was missing from the included tool pack, and I had a constant problem with the thread tension early on too no matter how i adjusted the settings, following the manual. I figured out that the bobbin needed to slide in upside down. If I slid it in opposite to how the picture guide shows on the actual machine, that's the only way my seams are right with consistent tension on upper and lower sides of the fabric. Found that tip online on someone's blog thank goodness."
"It was bigger than what i expected it to be, there is a previous review about how other languages were mixed in with the english and I agree, it can be confusing.  I had a hard time threading the thread, but then again, I'm not exactly used to doing this time of thing.  I bought this item to repair scrubs that I wear for work, I keep tearing the pockets off.  After taking about an hour to set it up, it took me 3 minutes to repair to different pairs of scrub pants, doing both sides of the pocket.  So far the pockets have held up really well."
"bought this to learn how to quilt on, once i started reading the handbook it was very easy to learn to do basics and then go on to quilting a bit"
"I bought this machine because Consumer Reports rated it highly for price/quality and wanted to be able to do repairs to work pants and hem denim trousers.  This machine does those things and comes with a good users manual which provides my training into an area I have absolutely no previous knowledge.

The foot control provides good, infinitely variable speed control from barely moving, to slow stitching, to flying along.

I messed up a couple times with this machine causing it to stall when slowly sewing gobs of denim together so I had to go back and reestablish broken thread etc.  The auto needle threading widget is a great help - especially if you attempt to sew gobs of denim with inappropriate settings.  Once I rethreaded it and continued, the machine worked fine - with all the talk about cheap plastic machines vs. very costly metal frame machines I was initially concerned that I may have damaged it."
my granddaughter wanted a sewing machine to make things for her baby  so I got this and had it shipped to her ! she loves it
"I like it, very easy to use, good for home sewing!
delivery is very fast!
4 stars, one start missing for little bit high price"
"I purchased this machine for the zig-zag and the button hole feature.  This based on my past experiences with Brother sewing and serger machines.  This is a great machine for the money, it is easy to use and really a breeze to thread.  If you are starting out this is great starter machine, as usual Brother comes through."
"My first sewing machine and I thought it would be a little daunting to use. Fortunately the sewing machine came with a great instruction manual and there are friendly indicators on the machine itself. Thankful to have one, no more long hours of hand sewing!"
I Love my new sewing machine. I haven't used any of the features yet but I'm super excited to! YAY!
"After reading all the reviews (good and bad) I decided to buy it, and I have to say im pretty impressed so far. Although, I did just get it i have used it already and it was fairly easy to figure out. I will update my review when as I go along but for now im happy with it."
when i got this i read the reviews and thought what have i gotten myself into.  no worries came fast quick youtube vid on how to set it up and have done quite a few patches on my motorcycle vest.  thanks
"I've had this machine for about a month now and so far I like it very much. My favorite part is the bobbin. It's very easy to change, removing a step altogether compared to older models, and is placed under the footer light.  The best part is it's clear, so I'm able to see how much thread I have left. No more running out of thread when you least expect it! I'm an intermediate-advanced sewer and I've used this machine mostly so quilting so far.  It's done well with the thick fabric although the thread tension has been a little wonky (not sure if that's my fault or the machines yet). There are lots of stitch patterns, but only for stitch lengths. My one wish would be 5. All in all it seems to be a great machine so far. I would rate 5 stars if I knew yet how it's going to hold up over time."
"This is a great machine even for the first time users. Instructions easy to follow. And very easy to thread. I have been using it every
since I received it. Very quite and smooth. Love it."
"This is the first sewing machine I've ever used and I was able to figure it out without any guidance. The instruction book is not the greatest, but as soon as you get the basics down this machine becomes very simple to use."
"this is my first sewing machine and i love it ! not too many doo hickies to bother with , my mother has always owned Brother , so i specifically was looking for a brother brand."
"I only used this sewing machine twice so far, but it was easy to use and I was very happy with the sewing job that it did. I also like the helpful needle threader on the machine because my vision is poor. I just want to say that I am pleased with this sewing machine and I would recommend it to anyone who likes to sew."
Very easy to understand & run this suing machine. Good price & great feathers. Very satisfied with purchase. Finally I found it.
"This machine work great,I it in time,because I am in a drapery class and it help me sew fast,neat and in a professional way. Thank you once again."
The machine works well for the purpose it was purchased for.  It is light weight and sews well.  Have not tried the other stitches other than the straight stitch.
"Overall I like it a lot. The directions for button holes are unclear. I ended up watching a YouTube demo before I realized what they didn't describe well in the manual. But, YouTube helped. It's reasonably priced and I'm enjoying it."
"I bought this machine for a niece and had to borrow it recently to finish a small quilt while my machine was being repaired. This is a great machine for a beginner. It has plenty of stitches to play around with, and is pretty easy to change the settings. I was able to use my Brother walking foot on it just fine, although it is a basic machine and has limited throat space. The bobbin winder works well and is fast. The top loading bobbin is super easy to load and I love that it is easily visible so you don't run out of bobbin thread.

I gave this 4 stars because if you do not hold the top thread when beginning to so, it will unthread the needle. Pulling the top thread a little long seems to help as well. I am not sure how the needle up verses down works, but it seems to be random.  The very easy needle threader makes all of that tolerable because it works well and saves time."
"Great for the level of projects I do, simple to moderate in detail, although the wedding dress my daughter wants might test both machine and mother in more ways than one!"
"I love my new brother sewing machine, it works very well
it makes a nice even stitch and I use it for making lap robes for our soldiers"
Bought this for my sister for Christmas to replace the broken Brother sewing machine she had for over 20 yrs. She absolutely loves all the features on this newer machine!
This is a great sewing machine.  Easy to set up and I was able to start sewing with it within minutes of receiving it.  I have no previous experience with a sewing machine and I'm not crafty.  The directions that come with it are helpful but I found it even more helpful to go to youtube.com and find tutorials on setting up this specific machine.  Simply type in the machine brand and model and you will find step by step video tutorials.  I love this little machine.  Can't wait to do even more with it.
"I was suprised to find a good sewing machine at such a reasonable price.  My singer sewing machine had some parts that broke. I had an estimate of over $100 to fix it.  At age 81,  I only mend things so didn't want to spend that much on it. The only problem I Have with my Brother machine is learniing to use it,so I am glad to have such a good manual to refer t"
"Time after time I have used this Brother sewing machine and I have yet to be disappointed.  It is very reliable and heavy duty, great for a diy beginner like me.  I have been making clothes, covers and many other diy projects with this sewing machine and the results have been fantastic!  It comes with many foots that are great for sewing zippers, rolled hems, buttons, etc...  I love that I can control the speed perfectly, not too slow yet not too fast.  I recommend this machine to any aspiring sewer!"
"I was fed up with paying for having pants shortened from 30"" to my size 29"".
Learned quickly; there is ""nothing to it""!"
"I was looking for a ""starter"" machine for my daughter, it was $77, thought it was a ""kid version"" as there are the toy machines for close to the same price.  No, it is a full blast machine.  I do not sew, but it is very intuitive and easy to use.  I am not sure how durable all the 25 stiches are, and it will take some figuring out, but so far, it has performed really well.  At this point, the main focus is sewing straight lines, so just order it!"
"I am a novice sewer, and just started sewing basic clothes. This sewing machine has definitely met my expectations.

Pros: The machine was easy for me to use, and the instructions for threading the machine and bobbins were easy for me to figure out (I appreciated the pictures). The needle threader is very convenient, and it has all the stitches I need for my projects. The stitches are consistent, and it can handle a few layers of fabric. I have not tried heavy-duty fabric like denim yet. The price was great for what you get. I plan on using this machine for a while.

Cons: Like others, I sometimes have problems with the lower thread looping under the fabric, but it doesn't seem to compromise the quality of the stitch all that much. Also, the pedal has a bit of 'give' to it before the machine starts sewing - I wish it were more responsive.

Overall, though, this is a great beginner sewing machine, and I plan on using it until I figure out which 'bells and whistles' I want for my next, more expensive machine."
"So I have no clue how to sew, but this was the trainer sewing machine.  It does everything that I need like make alterations to clothes, make a stuffed animal, make window valances, etc.  No problems with the thread jamming or anything like that.  It was surprisingly easy and I'd not expected that.  My favorite feature is that running new line is super simple.  The 'back-threading' is just the giant button on the front so easy to remember to do that.

Overall I'm happy with this and think it will last me several years since I don't foresee my outgrowing it based on my current sewing capabilities."
"I am satisfied with the machine, but have not used it much as I need it mostly for mending, etc."
"Setting this up took me a little longer than usual because I got stuck on the very last step - I was overthinking. Once you use the threader, just pull the thread through the needle. For some reason I thought it was supposed to be double threaded. Anyhow, it was otherwise very easy to set up. I liked the little compartment with all the accessories and I'm glad it included bobbins because I didn't even know what they were, much less how to pick some out. During the first day using this, I set it all up, learned how to use it, did some practice runs and made a jacket the very first day. Can't get much easier than that. I'm very happy with this purchase."
Love this machine.  It does everything I need it to do and more.  Easy to use and to carry.  Good value for the money
"I ordered this machine to use as a backup for my Singer.  I like the fact that I can switch machines when I need a thread change without rethreading the Singer.  I found that the bobbin winder is much better than that on my Singer machine.  The Brother sewing machine is a bit more noisy and doesn't have all the features that my other machine has, but so far it has done a good job with the things that I've sewn on it.  I checked out all of the embroidery stitches, many are the same as the Singer, but there is one that is different and I will use it occasionally.  For the price that I paid, this is a good little machine.  This machine is more like the older machines that I've used in the past, but I would recommend it for someone who is beginning to sew."
"I haven't sewn in over a decade and this was a great machine to get myself back into it and teach my daughter. I use it on heavy military fabric and it has no problems. Absolutely a great buy. The shipping was incredibly fast, I got the machine in 3 days and I live in Hawaii so that was a big plus. I would recommend this product to anyone looking to buy a sewing machine for beginners or even advanced sowers that just need something to get the job done around the house and could probably work for a small business also depending on your needs. Enjoy."
So far so good. I just needed a simple sewing machine and thats what it is! Doesn't work the best sewing through layers of fabric but that's expected.
Very easy to use and works well with any type of fabric..  Easiest bobbin loader ever!  Great machine for any beginner.
"I bought this machine in March hoping that it would give me a few years but it seems it won't. My aunt's 10 year old Singer machine works better than it right now. The top thread gets tangled and everything gets stuck somewhere by the bobbin case. So I look up the problem in the troubleshooting section. Lo and behold troubleshooting tells me never use a bobbin case that is scratched. I've never taken out the bobbin case so why would it get scratched or have a burr? Simple. It's made out of plastic. Please Brother could you at least make these machines a little stronger? Now I have to buy a new PLASTIC bobbin case which may last another 2 months before it gets scratched up again.

I gave it 3 stars because it worked well up to the 5 month point. Edited: I have reduced it to 1 star because I decided to give it another go but yet again the bobbin case has a problem. I'm looking to buy another machine right now.

My dresses will just have to wait another year to be sewn. No motivation now.

Update: got the new bobbin case from distinctive for an additional $29. I suggest that you invest in a machine with metal parts they last longer because it looks like I will have to buy another machine if I have to keep putting out $29 every 5 months."
"I love this sewing machine. I had an old Singer before I bought this one - the Singer was clunky and was not as smooth as the Brother. I primarily bought this model because of the reverse lever and its size/weight. I intended the machine's primary purpose to be sewing on my scrapbook pages. It is very easy to use, the pedal allows you to really slow down or speed up as you get more comfortable with sewing. I've used it to adjust some shirts as well. HIghly recommend this product!"
"Or someone who just wants to quickly put something together.
Easy to follow instructions. Lightweight and yet durable.
Easy for my daughter which makes sewing an enjoyable pastime for her."
"So far I've just used it to mend some seams, but it sews with no problems.  I've used the straight stitch to sew a seam followed by a zigzag as an overcast stitch to keep the edge of the frabic from fraying apart.  I've also used the stretch straight stitch to mend a seam, as well, and I think that results in a stronger stitch since it puts in three threads for each stitch.  All of the instructions were easy enough to follow and setting the machine up was no problem.  I'm looking forward to making some curtains for my apartment."
"Easy to use , didn't have to look at instructions. Stickers and pictures on the machine was helpful. Great for the price"
"Bought 5 of these for a sewing club I was starting at my school last January.  Haven't had any trouble with a sinlge one - and they got a workout this year!  Wish that the machine offered a blanket stitch, but everything else is so good I can't really complain.  Easy to thread, easy bobbin filling and loading.  Most of my kid can use the threader without trouble.  Even had a kid knock one over - stil works!"
"Seeing that I am a novice who has only repaired a few sewing machines in the past, I am unable to compare this machine to others when it comes to actual sewing.  However, I find this sewing machine to be very easy to use, wherein the past, the machines I repaired, were quite a bit more complicated especially with threading, setting the tension and loading the bobbins. Actually the Brother XL2600i is extremely easy to use and with very little practice I was making different fabric repairs needed around the house.  My wife and I had to depend upon family members in the past to make alterations and repairs to torn clothing.  If I had known how easy the Brother XL26001 was to use I would have purchased it when it first came out.  It is well worth the money."
"I got this machine because my previous one broke and I had to finish a cosplay in a couple days. It works just as good as the previous, no problems so far, despite the fact that I bought it refurbished. Since it only cost me fourty bucks, it was well worth the price.

EDIT
I've had this machine for About five or six months, and it was running fine. However, there was a sudden snapping noise, and the needle stopped moving completely. The knob still turns and moves the needle, there are no threads caught in the bobbin, but when you press the pedal, it only makes a whirring noise and nothing else happens. Pretty sure that the band connecting the motor to the sewing arm snapped... Disappointing, since this was otherwise great and easy to use. No warranty, either... Should've expected this to happen...

Edit #2
I repurchased this machine NEW, and after a year, it stopped working. Would not recommend."
"...but I'm a guy (and a sexist to boot?), so I failed to manage the whole threading process. My wife, who used a Singer machine decades ago, came a bit closer to success, but fell a bit short as well. So we called in our friend Leslie who's a seamstress whiz, and she set our machine up in a heartbeat. From there, my wife took over. She says she loves using the machine now. But even though I'm a whiz in the workshop and at using all kinds of computers, I'm afraid this little mechanical marvel has me quite thoroughly cowed. I still won't put hands on it. Maybe I need to take a course in tailoring or some such."
"I love Brother sewing machine, every time I buy a new one I upgrade.  Buy a Brother you won't be sorry"
"Price attracted me, affordable
Various functions of basic enough for ordinary families
I have other friends to recommend this product"
"I've sewn on a few different brands of machine and this is my favorite. I didn't expect it to be so wonderful because it is on the less expensive side of machines, but it is sturdy, doesn't skip or bunch the material, and works great!"
"this item was exactly as described, good quality and i would highly recommend.  What more can i say about it?"
This sewing machine works well and exceeds my needs.  I purchased it for small projects and repairs but I have been using it for bigger and better things.  I would highly recommend this machine!
"I like this machine better than my Janome 9000, which cost 10 times the price of this machine.  My favorite part is the automatic needle-threader, which saves my aging eyes a lot of time; instead of trying to thread a needle for 10 minutes, I push a lever and it's done!  My least favorite part is the way the sewing guidelines are marked--they are not clear, and are in mm instead of in inches.  I purchased a seam guide from Clotilde, which solved that problem (it is simply a guide that you peel and stick; it measures seam up to five inches).  Can't wait to explore all the features!"
"I bought this sewing machine for my wife after doing a lot of research.  The research proved correct - my wife loved it.  It does almost everything she wants to do, all except surging.  Best machine for the money!!"
"I was pleasantly surprised by the performance of this machine. The first one I bought was for a beginner sewer. I was so impressed with the way it sews and the ease of operation that I bought another one for another beginner sewer. In many aspects it's just as good as my Bernina. In fact, I'm using this machine right now to sew a quilt because I don't have access to my Bernina. The one thing I do not like about this machine is the flimsiness of the foot pedal. It is much too small and lightweight and moves around on the floor. Yes, something put under it to create friction helps. I find that the small size causes foot fatigue. The most recent machine I purchased was three years ago.
This machine is great for either a beginner or a more seasoned sewer who wants a backup."
"Replaced a 25 year old Singer, love this!  25 stitches, easy to use. Auto needle threader is so cool! Lightweight!"
Horrible sewing machine.. please don't buy it.... I tried everything but unable to correct the stitches... Extremely upset with my purchase..
"I bought this for my wife as a starter machine to see if she would like it. It broke the first or second time she used it. For the price, I would have expected this machine to last at least a year with light use, but a couple of times is unacceptable"
"One extreme bargain.

I can't wait to get to sewing all my little projects and gifts and things.

It's easy to operate and perfect for a beginner.  I haven't sewn in almost 10 years and I picked it right back up, too easy almost :)"
I have used this for a handful of sewing projects and it works perfectly!! And you couldn't ask for a better price!
"The first time I really got to use it (besides playing around) I made my son a vest for his wedding.  He loved and everyone asked where he bought it :)  Easy to use, My last sewing machine was a brother and I was going to take it to be cleaned and serviced but it was going to cost $75.00 just for the cleaning. That's when I decided to get a new machine. I checked out a lot of reviews for machines and this is the one I chose. For the money and reviews this is a great machine. I would recommend it to anyone."
This is a super easy to use machine. Especially like the easy needle threader. What a great feature. The removable storage box makes it easy to hem items. I use it for simple repairs and hemming pants etc. Perfect compact size. Light weight and easy storage.. I sent the carry case back. It is too bulky for this machine. Not really a custom fit. You will not regret buying this machine.
"is a perfect size for small jobs in the home, is light and beautiful, and the most important thing is good quality, I recommend it."
"received it , the machine works wonderful, but having a little hard time learning about different buttons
but  it's great"
My grown daughter wanted a good beginner sewing machine.  We compared the ratings of the Singer and the Brother.  The Brother got higher ratings.  It has a free arm- great for sewing sleeves.  The one step button hole maker is the same type that is on my expensive high-end sewing machine.  It even has the stretch stitch.  A great machine !
"i bought this for my wife several years ago.  well, she bought it on my amazon account and neither of us ever got around to leaving feedback.

everything was great about the sale and the item keeps on ticking.  it outlasted our marriage, and i still have it as she didn't take it when returning to europe.  thank god for AC differences as now i have a great machine to tailor my clothes with now that i'm single and thinner!!!!!!"
"I don't have any experience with sewing machines, but this one is great for small sewing tasks.
The manual is not really helpful."
"Got my machine really quick and in great condition. Difficult for an amateur to initially set up, but once it was done, worked like a charm. Now several pillow cases and sheets later, I continue to use it and it works like a charm."
I am very pleasantly surprised with this sewing machine. I love the threader and the 25 different stitches. It was an easy set up.
I only used it once so I really can't give a fair rating and haven't checked out all of its features.  I only purchased a Brother because I asked my tailor what was a good sewing machine and she said a Brother.
I replaced a high end singer sewing machine with this Brother sewing machine.  I'm not a seamstress and only need a machine for simple projects so this is perfect.  It is simple to use and more importantly simple to thread and thread the bobbin!  Instruction booklet was easy to read.  I had read reviews that said it had instructions in too many languages but I have not had any problem using the index to find exactly what I need.  Great buy for my needs!
"I have been sewing about a year and when I bought this machine I was really torn whether to drop some big coin or start here.  Glad I saved my money.  This machine is fabulous and a great machine for a beginner.  I was a bit concerned that my machine wasn't heavy duty enough for jeans or leather, but my sewing teacher told me that it was all in the needle!  So, I'm happy to report that with the purchase of a variety of needles, I have successfully worked on denim, leather, suede, and some heavy canvas. Thanks Brother!"
"Had an old sewing machine from Montgomery Ward from many years ago.  It finally died. Did the research on Consumer Reports and this was highly recommended.  So far, it's great for simple, basic sewing.  Highly recommend."
"I haven't sewed with a machine for years and wanted to start back up again. My last machine had so many bells and whistles on it that I just wanted a simple machine for the simple projects I was going to use it for. I love the drop in bobbin, very easy to get going! The threader tool is supposed to be easy and I am sure it is, it just took me a couple tries to get it because the illustration in the booklet isn't great. It runs very quiet, not loud like I have read of other machines. I would definitely recommend this product!."
"Very simple to operate and get the job done.  Basically, it's everything I wanted and expected and it didn't cost too much."
This was my first sewing machine and I've learned a lot on it. It's a great educator for a new seamstress.
"I've gone back to sewing in my retirement years and find this machine fits my needs.  It is lightweight, not cumbersome, yet it is sturdy and well made.  Threading is super smooth and has plenty of stitch styles to choose from. Oh, and couldn't beat the price!"
"I ordered this for an employee of mine to take home and use on take-home projects. I wanted an inexpensive machine, so it didn't really matter if something happened to it, but it still needed to perform as I insist on quality in what I sell. Anyway. I won't spend this whole review comparing it to my personal $500 sewing machine because as you're reading this, you likely aren't trying to decide between this and a $500 sewing machine. All I'll say is that my more expensive machine does have some more power, but I think this one puts down a nicer stitch.

So, you're likely comparing this machine to other machines that cost around $100. I have had my own personal experience with some entry level machines, and being an avid basic sewer, I have had a number of friends bring inexpensive machines to me to look at when they aren't working properly. They are junk, plain and simple. Let me be clear on some advice:

****IF YOU ARE COMPARING THIS MACHINE TO AN INEXPENSIVE SINGER GET THIS MACHINE!!!
****DO NOT GET AN INEXPENSIVE MACHINE WITH A VERTICAL BOBBIN, GET ONE LIKE THIS WITH A CLEAR COVER, DROP IN BOBBIN!!!
****NEVER. EVER. BUY A SHARK BRAND SEWING MACHINE!!!
****CONSIDER THIS MODEL BECAUSE IT ISN'T COMPUTERIZED, SO THERE'S ONE LESS THING TO GO WRONG!

I can't tell you how many cheap machines I've seen that don't work from the get go. There is something horribly wrong with the bobbin function and all you get is a huge nest of ridiculous thread and wind up breaking needles. It's not a simple tension issue, it requires professional repair right out of the box. Singer should be ashamed of putting their names on such junky machines! I had a Shark that did the same thing and even professional repair couldn't fix it. I don't buy anything Shark brand anymore.

The 2 little hiccups with this machine are the size of the sleeve arm with the front case removed, it's still a little big, and the design of the spool post is strange and flimsy. It works fine during normal sewing, but will fly off during bobbin winding. This can be fixed with a $5 thread stand from your local fabric store. I mean, seriously Brother? Was it expensive and difficult to put a competent thread post on this machine? But, if I have to choose between a sturdy thread holder and a machine the functions and stitches nicely, obviously I'm going to choose the latter. Just put your finger on top of the spool while winding the bobbin, or you're likely to have yourself a nice little projectile when it flies off your machine!

I will say that if you want to sew a bunch of layers of heavy fabric, like 4 layers of denim, you might want to consider a more powerful, expensive machine. For the basic, entry level sewer, though, this should work quite nicely for a neat little price!"
"Very easy to set up and use, and this is coming for someone that had never used a sewing machine before. now i am making gifts for my family and adorable stuff for my kids!"
Make sure you hook onto both the metal part and plastic part when you hook the bottom thread in or else your sewing will be loose.
"I am a newbie. Together with youtube, I was able to sew a new dog bed for my puppy! Excited for my next project! If you are new to the sewing game, you will love how easy this machine is to thread!"
"I bought this after my mother's 1970s workhorse machine finally stopped being repairable, and I'd promised my daughter a certain major sewing project for her birthday.  I was quite nervous buying a lower-cost contemporary machine -- made of plastic overseas as they all are.  I'm NOT a serious sewer, to be clear, but rather use a machine like this for household items (making curtains, hemming, select projects) -- and mainly wanted something that was going to last decently long, and not be overly complicated.  I read through an obscene number of Amazon reviews of various machines before picking this.  I have been, in short, very pleasantly surprised.  The project I got this for involved sewing multiple layers of that fluffy fleece fabric (the kind that sheds like a monster when cut into), and I'd been warned by sewing sites online that it was really hard to work with. Not with the Brother -- I didn't encounter a single issue the whole time, and was basically able to do everything I needed to do after spending maybe 15 minutes reading the manual (on top of my 7th grade Home Ec class).  Highly recommend."
It is so nice to be able to buy good and affordable machines these days.  Bought it for my granddaughter who is learning to sew at 9 years of age.  She loves it and loves the fact it can do so many things.  Very easy to thread and use.  Have had to make no adjustments and sews beautifully.  You do not need expensive machines today when you have these great machines available that you can afford.  I have been sewing for over 50 years and I love it!  Cannot say enough nice things about it.
This machine does exactly what I bought it to do and is easy to use and rather dependable.  It's not fancy but it gets the job done.
The machine was easy to set up and use.  The needle threaded is a wonderful option.  The price was just right.
"I fine the directions confusing- switching from one page to another and trying to find the ENGLISH . Would have been better to have had the other languages separate.
My first machine was a brother, and I made all my son and daughters clothes. I was a grandmother when I got another machine and frankly I didn't like it. So in my old age I went back to a Brother."
This machine is what I expected and more.  Easy to use.  Love it.  Easy to set up and store.  So far it is great.  I just use it to sew simple things.
"I bought this last year actually, based on numerous positive reviews and a great price point; it was purchased so I could make some custom drapes for a new house as I had initially done in a previous one (after getting 3 quotes of around $6000 to do what I wound up doing for $600). And then, as often happens, life intruded and this went into a closet unopened along with the fabric... Well, finally, I had the time and ambition to tackle the project so got the machine out, unwrapped it, and sat down at the table with the instruction book to see what this baby can do. As it turns out, quite a bit. I started by testing it on some scrap materials of different thicknesses and it had no issues. Then I tackled the drapes and am still working on them, but sewing down 13 foot long panels went very well with no bunching or jams - flawless so far. If all goes well I should be enjoying my creation by this weekend, and from what I can see this machine is a keeper. Perhaps by now there are newer models out there, but I'm really happy I picked this one and believe it'll serve me for a long time."
I love this machine. Great price and works great. It is so easy to use and thread. Light weight so it is easy to move around. SInce getting it I have used it a lot and I have not had any problems. The stitching is great and many different stitches. I am planning on getting one for my granddaughter too. For everyday sewing this machine is great.
It is an excellent machine fine and durable though it would be much better if it is stronger. In general it is worth the money.
Nice weight for taking to friends homes for sewing projects. Has lots of nice stitches. No very good for making button holes.
"great entry level machine. I never had a problem with the threader unlike a lot of people who wrote reviews here. its simple, solid, good weight, strong arm and has diagrams all over it for new sewers."
"Good sewing machines though difficult to thread initially. I like the product. It does what it says, arrived in good condition and able to use it for my purposed."
"Looked at several sewing machines and Wow, these things are expensive. We are ""more than delighted"" with this product.  We had only limited plans for it but after using for awhile, We have expanded our use.  This machine is so simple to operate and of course has specific and very easy instructions to follow.  While price was important easy operating instructions may have been even more important.  Since this purchase we are more open to other Brother products."
"Love it, Love it, Love it.  Light weight, easy to use, good price.  For a novice this machine is great.  Movability a big plus."
"I'm a full-time upholstery seamstress and I normally use an industrial sewing machine but for thinner fabrics and decorative stitching I needed a machine like this one.  Since we rarely do thin fabrics or decorative stitching we decided to get this entry sewing machine to get us by.  I was excited to use it, but the excitement quickly wore off when I realized this machine always has something going wrong with it.  If it's not the bobbin jamming then it's randomly making a loose thread every 2"".  It also cannot handle layered fabrics or even medium weight fabrics because it will jam the machine while just trying to start the run.  I spend more time fixing the machine then I actually do sewing a project and on top of that it has a very slow stitching speed.  I gave this machine 4-5 projects before I decided that I just couldn't take it anymore.

If you are a novice seamstress who does not do a lot sewing then it will probably do the job for you, BUT if you want a professional looking project and you don't want to waste your time fixing it all the time then I would not get this machine. I will be getting a higher end sewing machine that I can rely on to get the job done right the first time.

PROS:
Price

CONS:
Bobbin Jams Frequently
Slow stitching speed
Cannot handle Layered Fabrics or Thick Fabrics
Randomly does loose stitches every 2"""
"Okay so originally I bought the cs6000i. I took it back to walmart because I'm a BEGINNER sewer and felt it was too high tech. So I purchased this MESS from my beloved amazon  thinkin it'll be better. OH HOW WRONG I WAS!! This ugly bootleg machine is loud as heck, my practice cotton fabric kept jamming in the feed dogs, the foot pedal starts off too fast for me, the reverse was acting weird...the whole machine is a nightmare!! I'm not over exaggerating! I was better off keeping the cs6000i because it was much quieter, I loved that you could control the speed without the foot pedal, plus the bobbin on the cs6000i was easier. I have no clue as to what machine to get now but I'm so happy I can return this cheap machine. Only reason I give it two stars is because the fast free shipping was quicker than I expected."
"I've had a lot of fun with this sewing machine.  I have never machine-sewed a thing in my life and everything I learned, I learned from YouTube.  Pulled this baby out of the box, got it all threaded up, and went to town on the nearest piece of fabric I had.  I've made a million mistakes and it has dealt well with my tugging and pulling.  I haven't had my Brother long, but I have loved it well."
"I wasn't able to get it to stitch at all - I tried everything in the manual, read online reviews and forums.  I was disappointed because half the reviews gave it such high praise - mine will be in the other half of the reviews."
I got this in the mail and it took me a few days to finally open it! I'm so glad I did..this machine is awesome. It's light but packs a punch. I'm an intermediate seamstress and I truly believe this could be handled by a beginner or a pro with ease. Best purchase so far.
It was something I purchased for my husband.  We both love it! It is so simple to use and easy to operate.
Needed a new sewing machine and this fit my budget.  It had everything that I needed and was extremely easy to use.
"I've had this machine about a week so cannot determine durability.  I only sew curtains, hem pants, and make small alterations, so I only sew occasionally. I did find some differences between this machine and others I have worked on;

The presser release lever is not in the back of the machine (behind the needle) as I am accustomed to, it is to the right of the needle.  It actually is more convenient there but I keep reaching to the back.

As far as I can tell, it does not hold the large 3-4 inch high spools of thread.  The thread holder is upright and only holds the typically 2 inch high spools.

It does the blind stitch perfectly (without) the blind stitch foot (which is included).

The automatic threader works best if you control the movement instead of snapping it into place (my old singer had a release that snapped the thread through the needle).  This threader has the thread guide, then it has a tiny hook that goes through the needle so you must continue the thread in front of the needle once you get it on the guide.

I found when trying to change the presser foot, the machine light was blocked by my hand making it a bit more difficult to see.

Overall I think it is a good value for the money I spent ($85).  It is lightweight and has many functions.  The drop in bobbin is very convenient.  Not sure how it would hold up for heavier continued use but fine for casual user."
"I love this sew machine,took me 10 minutes to use it,very easy,very lite.and work very good.it is perfect for me"
"This is my first, brand new sewing machine that I've ever purchased.  I've done very limited sewing in the past, so this is a totally new venture.  Right out of the box, this machine is easy to use.  The bobbin winder is great, and the threading of the machine is fairly intuitive.  I love the needle-threading device...what a great time saver and sure beats trying to do that part by hand!"
"I ordered this machine because I wanted to start sewing. Yes, I started seeing all the cool things you can do on Pinterest and it got me excited! I've only used it once to hem a skirt, but it is super easy to use... even for beginners like me and when I say beginner I really mean it. Ive never touched a sewing machine before except for maybe in Home EC class in the 8th grade.

The manual gives you step-by-step instructions on how to wind the bobbin and how to thread the machine. However, I didn't think the manual for very good at the instructions because I had a hard time threading the machine. The manual was pretty hard to follow. However, since this machine is so popular, there were tons of tutorials on YouTube. I ended up watching a few YouTube videos on how to thread the machine which were very informative, but it definitely took me a while.

The only suggestion I would have is to order more bobbins. I bought mine re-furbished and the bobbin was not included. However, if you buy it new, I think it comes with 1 bobbin. You could always use multiple bobbins for different colors, so you don't have to wind it each time."
I have been trying to thread this thing all day.  The manual shows images of machine parts that differ from what I actually have.  Written instructions contradict the diagrams.  So much for being a great machine for a beginner!  Will probably return this.
"My wife needed a new one and this sewing machine does all that she needs.
It's easy to use and at a good price.
I recommend it."
"I just got started with cosplaying and making my own outfits this spring. After watching Youtube videos and tutorials extensively, I've been able to pick up sewing with this machine.

What I like:
--bobbin winding is easy and drop-in bobbin is useful beyond words.
--lightweight, IDEAL for this college students
--free arm makes for a really nice sewing experiences

What I don't like:
--feels a little cheap
--lots of stitch settings - can get confusing and feels like you're paying for all the stitches instead of a better product
--bobbin thread bunches very often
--doesn't do well with too many layers of fabric/fabric that's thicker than average
--doesn't come with a lot of presser feet

I really like this machine though, and for a first machine, it's done a great job of teaching me how to sew and make my own things."
"This was bought for a 10 year old.  Once we showed her how to use it, she hasn't stopped making really cool things. She is now 11 and gets this out and just sews away.  Highly recommend this sewing machine."
This is a great machine for everyday sewing and craft projects. It's simple to operate and so far I've had no stitch or bobbin issues. It worked great out of the box and after making two pair of trousers with it I have found no problems.
"product is good, service extremely good, but no accessories. I got parts from Brother company and they are very helpful.  I would recommend this product bur customer is better to ask the seller if accessory attached before placing order."
"If you are in need for more than just the basic sewing but don't need a professional machine then this will do. Everything worked, quick setup, started to sew in 30 minutes."
I used the machine for the first time last week. Easy to follow instructions but it did help to have experience sewing. Once I got the tension correct the stitch was great.
"So far, I am delighted with it.  I'm a beginner & I know I have a lot to learn but so far, whenever I get stuck on something, it's not the machine, it's me being inpatient.  I've found that by taking a short break, reading the instructions & trying it again, it turns out perfect all the time. It's a great buy.  I just wish it came with a cover."
A good beginner sewing machine for the price. Threading instructions a little difficult to understand but works well for a cheap one.
Bought this sewing machine for my daughter.  She had trouble operationing it from the get go.  Hard to understand stitch dial and the bobbin thread kept getting bunched up.  Sent it back for a refund! :(
"The machine is very simple and easy to use for a beginner such as myself.  The only issue I have with it is that the bobbin gets a bit gummed up now & then.

It's lightweight which makes it very portable.

I like it!

Also got it pretty much right away after ordering, The price was more than affordable."
This Brother sewing machine is perfect for what i wanted to use it for.  it's easy to use and the self threader works great.  good price.
"Bought for 80 plus year old Mom to help her continue to enjoy quilting and sewing. The needle threading option took a while to learn to manage. With some coaching, she got it. It's a must with her poor aging eyesight. The machine is the basic sewing machine system she knows well. Reliable, easy to manage, produces good results. She's very happy with it."
"It has all the basic functions that I need for sewing at home.

The only thing that took me days to figure out before I almost returned the machine is that in order for the thread to feed from the robin properly, I have to pull the thread hard to a position that hold the tension.  This was not mentioned anywhere in the manual.  I almost gave it up until I accidentally pulled the thread really hard at my last attempt.  The seller should really note it in the manual."
"Learning to sew has become a necessity and I wanted a sewing machine that was easy for a novice to use. The Brother XL2600I fits the bill. There are a number of information videos on YouTube on how to use the machine. I reviewed how to wind the bobbin, how to load the bobbin, and how to thread the machine.

Winding and loading the bobbin were fairly easy. Threading the sewing machine, especially the needle was a little trickier. The automatic needle threader is great. I can't see myself doing it by hand.

The sewing machine is also light and portable so it can be moved from room to room easily. I am completely satisfied."
"Bought it b/c I know how to sew, but it had been a while. I was afraid threading would be hard, but not with this machine - only a matter of seconds! Finished my curtains in minutes! Recommend this for anyone who wants to do a little more than basic stitches."
Does everything as advertised. Bought as part of mothers day set/kit and mom loved it. She likes the multiple stitching options and the lightweight of the item. Had an old one that weighed a ton and really no stitching options. Much improvement.
My ex wife took our big unit when she left but this one works just as good but doesn't have all the fancy stitches. It also DIDN'T cost anywhere near what the other one cost. For the money it's great!
I love this sewing machine its everything I need and asked for.  Comes with needles and bobbin which was nice
"I only recently purchased this machine as moving from Europe I needed a machine that works on North American Voltage.  I am an experienced sewer and so far am happy with its performance.  Threading the bobbin thread to get proper tension takes some practice which was mentioned in other reviews, so I've taken care over it.

I was not interested in a complex machine, straight and zig-zag stitches would do it for me usually.  However I was quite impressed with the one step buttonhole function which uses the actual button to measure the size and it comes out very neat."
I am very disappointed. It was not I expected at all. The seller said it was like new but it arrived just thrown in a box with little packaging and a main piece to so any type of sewing was completely broken off and another piece was nowhere to be found. I will never purchase anything from this seller and highly encourage others to avoid dealing with them as well. Not worth the time.
"Less than 2 years old. I think I have sewn one dress, several tops, and that is it besides small repair jobs.  It now only sews backwards.  Will cost almost as much as a new one to fix it.  A total waste of $$$.  I learned the hard way not to go cheap."
"The machine is easy to use. Bobbins wind evenly and smoothly, threading is simple. The drop-in bobbin is nice. The stitching on this machine is beautiful - nice even stitches. Machine is noisy, but doesn't bounce around or anything like that. My main concern with this machine is that the HOOK is plastic. I don't have a problem with the bobbin holder being plastic, but the hook? I am not a beginning sewer, I bought this thinking I would teach my granddaughters to sew and they could have their own machine, but the plastic hook made me change my mind. This is a part that should never have been cheapened like that. I just finished a queen-sized quilt top (255 squares) with it, the stitching was lovely and piecing was easy. The machine handles well and it's easy to change and control you stitching because you can adjust the length and width of your stitches. With many entry level machines you can't do that, so this is a plus. Just be aware that the hook part of this machine is plastic and that part can easily be damaged almost more than any part of the machine, and it's the most critical part other than the needle."
"I would highly suggest if you want to buy a decent machine and really get into sewing you should go to a dealership and expect to pay between minimal - $400. You'll get the support you need and the warranty. If you are looking for a quick fix for light mends, this may be the machine for you, but I would not expect it to do large projects with multiple layers. It's not designed for that. The guts are made of plastic not metal, so the weight of the machine will not sustain heavy weight fabrics."
"I like it, straight forward machine.. As a beginner it's user friendly, I purchased the highest level used machine. It had cosmetic flaws (peeling stickers on the machine) but other then that, it was fine."
So far the machine performs very well. I have had no problems with it.  I like the compactness of it.
this item was actually bought for my husband who prefers to mend his own clothes instead of paying a tailor. . .He loves it!!
"Can't sew on it yet, no time, but like it and packed well.  I am excited to try all the different styles of trims."
"I have been sewing for most of my life, I started when I was young and I am 60 years old I have always used a singer the offer was too good to pass up.  Great machine and packed carefully cause everything arrived in tacked.  Sews great"
"For starters this machine is perfect for sewing small items. I brought this for my sister because she said she wanted one. Made with poor quality material, but you get what you pay for! So far she made bows, mini felt plushies, and fabric wallets. The machine is not high tech enough for making good quality clothing since the needle is not strong enough to go through tougher fabric such as, jean fabric and fleece. Sometimes it gets glitchy and skips a few stitches with no reason at all. Overall good starting machine for beginners."
"This is my first sewing machine. It easy to use, has multiple stitching options. Comes with extra needles. Great for beginners that don't want to spend a lot of money. Feels sturdy plus very practical size."
I buy this sewing for my project to sew a cycling cap never have use a sewing machine before but this sewing machine is very easy to use I recommend to any one to buy this sewing machines and good quality to
"This is an amazing sewing machine!  The best machine I have ever used!  Love the needle threader, and the way it sews through thick cloth is awesome.  I am in my 60s and have used several sewing machines in my life but this machine is the best I have ever used.  Well worth the money.  If you want a great machine get this one - you won't be sorry you did!

I would highly recommend this machine to anyone!"
"Loved the price, Brother was a recommended make and so far it is just as I hoped.  I am a beginner."
"I've always been exposed to the Singer brand but this Brother brand fits the description that caught my eye.  The price is very reasonable and it has multiple purpose use especially, the different types of stitching, and it's so light weight.  I would recommend it to others."
"This is a great beginner's sewing machine. I love it, I've had mine since 2013 and it's still functioning well. I was a beginner sewer when I bought this product and I realized that I'm now an above average sewer thanks to this little guy. It's easy to troubleshoot and I have yet to have a problem that wasn't created through my own ingenuity."
It is light enough to move around and is fairly easy to use for a beginner.  I did learn some basic many years ago and this machine was pretty easy for me to operate based on my previous experience.
I have never owned my own sewing machine until this one. I could not be happier! Glad I snagged it with such a great deal too!
"I needed this sewing machine to sew something specific, almost solely in zigzag.  Wouldn't you know it's the only stitch that wouldn't work.  It showed the perfect zigzag only on the under side of the item I was sewing.  I needed this to be perfect zigzag on both sides.  I would start sewing and the zigzag was great for a few minutes, then would switch to a messed up stitch on top and was not able to figure out what went wrong.  I got rid of it!!"
"I was expecting more in the line of an inexpensive, powerful machine with out all the bells and whistles.
What I got was a machine with to many bells and whistles and not enough power."
I purchased the sewing machine for my wife's birthday later in the year so she hasn't used it yet.  The box that the sewing machine and case arrived in was crushed.  The sewing machine box had two damaged spots.  I looked insinde and the machine seemed ok because it was surrounded by styrofoam.  Since my wife has not yet used the machine I cannot really give an accurate rating.
"Seemed like timing was off or something (kept bunching up), but I just did what the manual said and then sewed on scrap fabric to make sure it was better. Works like a charm now! :)"
I am 54yrs old and my eyesight is getting bad so it helps me a lot with threading the machine.
"The only problem I have had with this machine is threading through a couple areas. Otherwise, I love this machine. It's easy to to use, to refill bobbins, and the directions are very understandable.  I have been sewing with it for several weeks making quilts and it is performing with no problems."
I am a very experienced sewer.  I could not get the bobbin thread to stop bunching and knotting.  I had to return the machine.  Thanks Amazon for your easy return policy.
"I haven't sewed since middle school so I was a little intimidated to figure out how to thread the machine. Videos on Youtube made it so easy! A little tip: if you are having trouble getting the tension right, make sure your bobbin and your upper thread are threaded correctly. My upper tension knob is set at 5 and the tension is now perfect."
I just wanted a simple machine for basic sewing projects and this fits the bill.  Easy to set up and use.  Would recommend it .
My first sewing machine. It was so easy to use! Great tutorials on youtube for beginners with this machine! Can't wait to sew some more!
"I'm a big fan of NewDressaDay.com. I've altered half a dozen outfits of various fabrics with this, and it's going wonderfully.  Great machine for a newbie or someone who only needs a straight stitch."
i am a part-time sewer so this is a great machine for me.  easy to use and light weight. great price as well.
"I got this for my wife to replace her aging machine.  When my mother came out last month she used it daily for her quilting projects.  I know it is not made for quilting, but it had the stitches my mother needed and it worked like a charm.  Yes, my mom did have some issue, but that was mainly operator error and not the fault of the machine.  Now if I could get my wife to use it!!"
"I purchased this for my daughter because I have one & LOVE it. More than just the basic stitches, but user friendly for a beginner."
I am a beginner and this machine was perfect for me. The instructions and diagrams are easy to understand and I got started in no time. The first thing I made was a cover for the machine and now I am working with patterns. I love this machine.
"I've had this machine for 3 years now and I have no complaints. It has held up very well and the only ""problem"" I've had with it is having to change the tension sometimes. Obviously I really like this machine."
"Very good machine for a young sewer just beginning.
 Lots of abilities for an advanced sewer!
Also very portable!  Thank you."
"My fifty-year old Singer gave up the ghost, so I went without one for about a month, paying a good seamstress reasonable rates for mending, but when I saw this Brother for sale, I bought it.  It is easy to thread and works beautifully.  I saved the box in case I had to send it back, but it works.  I'm doing my own mending and I am going to make a new bed for my dog out of leftover fabric.  He won't sleep on the one I bought at the pet store."
"I saw it for less locally so i wish I had seen it first and saved on postage.  It seems quite a straight forward machine.  I filled some bobbins, but forgot how and waiting for a quilting group to show me how to thread it."
"Thee Brother XL26001 sewing machine is lightweight with easy, understandable directions.  the price is wonderful and I completed the binding of my quilt(4 layers of cloth and 1 layer of fiberfill) with no trouble at all.  My sister promptly bought one for herself."
"Well I had never sewn a day in my life prior to receiving this puppy. Let me start with the threading is super easy. There is literally a diagram that has arrows with numbers to show you the way. Moving to the self threader... Threading the needle is a breeze it's so easy. So much so that my mother bought this same machine. She's been sewing for years, and her sight is getting bad. So the self threader helps her tremendously. The only negative is it took a while to figure out why my stitch was loose and the book wasn't extremely ""user friendly"" in that arena. Once I take a couple of classes ill be great! Love this machine"
The reason I bought this machine was the cheap price.  I got it to make a quilt and did pretty well with it.  It is a small machine though so I would not recommend it for quilting purposes.  I also have had issues with adjusting the tension of my thread but I know you get what you pay for.  It has been a great machine for sewing basic items and I love it.
"I was excited to get this new sewing machine, but then the light burned out. I had only used it for a few days, so I wrote the company. Apparently it tell me on page 14 that this machine cannot be used with a power strip or extension cord. I must say, what kind of poorly designed design flaw was included with this machine that a power strip or extension cord cannot be used? A home sewing machine such as this one uses no complex electronics or computer parts, it is basically a simple system of gears. This is like to telling me that my television or computer cannot be used with a power strip, except that those items are infinitely more complex and sensitive and yet, somehow survive extension cords. My sewing room i snot set up to plug the machine directly into the wall as required. Do I now need to re-arrange my home to suit this equipment?

I had been using my Mother's singer regularly, including sewing semi professionally, since 1988. In all those years, I used an extension cord continuously and somehow never replaced the bulb.

Also, the tension goes haywire randomly. I have to readjust it constantly, even though I am sewing on the same material. Wasting and materials. boo!"
Gave as a birthday gift for 8yr. old.  She finds it easy to use and is doing well with it.
I bought this machine because it was supposed to be a good beginner machine. I did two small projects with it and it worked fairly well. Then when I started my third project it started having problems. I took it into a repair shop and the repairman told me in blunt terms that it was a just a bad machine. It now jams every few inches and I have yet to finish my third project. I'm so disappointed!
This does everything I wanted it too. It was purchased for a child learning to sew and she does very well with it. No frustrations. Lots of stitches to play around with.
"I'm so glad I chose this as my first sewing machine. I've always used my mom's, which is from the '60s and much harder to thread. Very affordable, and while I've only tried out basic stitching (made pillow covers and a few sets of curtains), it is easy to set up and very easy to sew with.

I imagine I'll try a more complicated project at some point--the machine has far more capability than I've tested it on. Definitely recommend this to someone looking for a reliable, affordable machine. Even if you don't use it all that often, the cost doesn't make you feel too guilty!"
"I took a sewing class when I was 12, I am 31 now. I wanted to get an easy beginner machine to play with, hem curtains, sew pillows, etc. This machine was super easy to get moving on. The directions are a bit confusing but filling the bobbin and threading the machine was SO much easier than I remember from sewing class. Within an hour I was playing around with stitches. The only thing I wish it had would be clearer tension and dial labeling, as I needed to constantly look at the instruction manual to get the tensions correct."
"LOVE THE MACHINE==IT'S LIGHT & VERY EASY TO THREAD.
  BEV. MARZOLA
P.S. FITS MY NEEDS AS FAR AS SEWING GOES."
"Im a guy with no sewing experience what so ever.  I hate paying $13 dollars to shorten every pair of scrubs I buy.  I went on the web looking for a sewing machine.  This one was recommended by many sites.  So I go here on amazon and I see the ratings matching up with the recommended buys on other sites.  I look at the amazon used wherehouse deals section (I look for ""like new"" status) and bought it.

After my purchase, I go on youtube and holy crap... women make it all complicated.  Closed my browser and just waited for it to arrive.  It comes, I read (its all pictures) in the ""quick setup instructions guide.""  Follow it exactly step by step and then go to page 41 on the manual and it will lay out how to do simple stitching (it will tell you what settings everything should be at).

Just follow what I said and it will be a cakewalk.  I practiced on a old piece of clothing before I did my alterations (4 pants so its almost paying for itself).

A great buy, simple instructions, lightweight, easy setup.  A good solid purchase."
"Incredibly easy to use (beginner sewer here...with no one helping/teaching me)--the instructions are good, it's easy to find what I need in the booklet.
The actual sewing machine itself is set up well/conveniently...the light is nice, the thread-cutter is nice (I don't use it a lot, it doesn't produce ""clean"" cuts, which is a pet peeve of mine--plus I am used to hand-sewing my whole life, so scissors are natural for me anyway).

Overall, this sewing machine is great for anyone!"
"great machine, great price. I got a singer at more than 150EUR before, can't say my singer works better than this brother machine"
I read the reviews and there is one I agree with.  It does have a problem with thick material.  I broke 2 needles until I figured out that if I go SLOW (like turn the handwheel slow (not recommended for long projects but does okay for short stretches) it will do the job.
"Great item, great price! User friendly and works great! I really really like my sewing machine!! I would recommend it."
"I don't sew much. I do repairs and make kids costumes and a great many princess dresses. This machine does all of that admirably. I'm sure it would do a lot more if the urge to sew ever overcame me. It is light weight so no big deal to set up or take down. The box it comes in has two form fitted hunks of Styrofoam that just come appart. They fit the machine perfectly and fit into the original box easily so I felt no need to buy a storage box for this machine. I LOVE the self threading needle. I like this machine so much i bought another for my daughter. It is just a good, practical machine that will do most anything you need it to do. I also like the fact it doesn't cost an arm and a leg."
"I bought a new sewing machine so I could do button holes and for the life of me, I can not get it to work. Even called over my neighbor who sews and we could not get it to work. I haven't called customer service yet, but will try that before I give up all together. I've noticed that the bobbin has to be perfect, especially towards the end, or it jams up the machine. Over all, it sews nicely, just a few bugs to work out."
"I have been sewing for over 20 years, using my mom's ancient Bernina. However, when I wanted to purchase a machine of my own I didn't not want to spend a lot of money on it. Based on the positive reviews I decided to purchase this machine. I haven't had any problems with it and it has actually surprised me how well it works. I've owned the machine for about a year.

I have used it to make clothing for my children (think lots of frills and ruffles), make pillow covers with heavy home decor fabric, and a few bags. For the most recent bag I made, I sewed through 6 layers of fabric (home decor weight and canvas) and heavy interfacing, using a walking foot (purchased separately)and while it was a tight fit under the foot, the machine itself handled the thickness perfectly.

I have used the buttonhole function and found it a bit futzy, but it still works. However, to get it to work I have to add 3 layers of fabric stabilizer under the fabric I'm working with otherwise the fabric simply does not feed. Even with the stabilizer it sometimes needs a bit of a pull to get things started, but then it works fine. I've used the twin needle without problem to sew on knits and it works great.

The only thing I'd mention as a problem is appropriately setting the bobbin. When you set the bobbin in the compartment and go to pull the thread through, there is a plastic piece and a metal piece which the thread must go under. You can't see the metal piece under the plastic piece, but if you don't get your thread under the metal part it will not thread properly. Threading the top is not problem at all.

Overall, great machine and I would purchase it again."
"I'm a professional seamstress and sewing teacher.  This is the machine that I recommend to my beginning students. They have had excellent experiences with it.

Obviously it's not going to last 60 years like the old Singers and Kenmores that I use in my own work.  (Note: my students who have bought modern Singers have had TERRIBLE luck with them.)  But this Brother is inexpensive, easy to use, and does the job.

My one caveat would be that a certain percentage of the Chinese-made machines, of all brands, are broken when they come out of the box brand new. Buy your machine from a store that allows easy returns, and keep all the packaging and receipts. Getting these machines repaired is not realistic.

In response to a few comments other reviewers have made:
- Incorrect tension on the bobbin thread is virtually always caused by threading the bobbin incorrectly.  Two common mistakes are putting the bobbin in backwards and not getting the thread into the slots on the left of the bobbin case.
- No modern sewing machines have adjustable presser foot tension.
- I've never seen a machine that came with an invisible zipper foot.  But since these feet cost less than $3, this is not a big problem.
- You don't have to use bobbins manufactured by Brother. The machine uses standard Class 15 bobbins.
- If you want to use cone thread, get a thread stand. No home sewing machine can use cone thread.

In sum, this is a great machine for a beginner.  By the time you outgrow it (or it breaks) you'll be ready for a vintage machine."
at first i was fustrated im a beginging sewer and i couldn't figure out how to raise the presser foot ... the manual sure didn't help -_- but i figured it out after alot of playing around then of corse i had other issues with the machine ... the thread wouldnt come threw i think most my issues are partly because i don't know how to quit work it but i made a dress yesterday so im getting much better. great machine =)
"I have never in my life touched a sewing machine. I decided to just dive in because I have been seeing all of these sewing projects on Pinterest over the last year and realized I have a whole board dedicated to sewing projects when I have never sewn a day in my life.

I purchased this machine based on the reviews and for price. I purchased a 'used' option because it saved about 1/3 off the price. It arrived within two days of me ordering and in perfect condition, the only thing wrong was there there was a couple small dents in the packing box, no damage to the machine whatsoever.

The machine was very easy to set up, including step-by-step instructions in the manual. Me saying 'easy' means just that. Before this arrived on my doorstep, I had no idea what a bobbin was.

A few reviews that I saw were commenting on how it feels somewhat 'cheap' compared to the heavy, metal machines. I am glad of the weight of the machine. It's very easy to set up and put away, which is nice because I have a small house and have been using it on the dining room table. I am loving this machine and can't wait to start some real projects.

For anyone new to sewing, I also purchased the book called 'Me and My Sewing Machine' and that has been extremely helpful."
"This was the first sewing machine I've ever used, I was a little worried at first but I am so glad I bought it! Threading it was just the easiest thing! I have a friend with a singer who was warning me about how awful threading the bobbin. With this machine it was the easiest thing! The machine is so easy to use and works like a charm. I love this machine and will stay with it I recommend it to any beginner or even someone who has experience. It's worth it"
"It was listed as refurbished and I have no idea what might have been done for it to qualify for that rating.  It looks and seems to be just out of production.  From the information provided, I 'assumed' it was going to arrive as it did.  Far exceeds expectations!  I have been a customer and frequent buyer in Amazon now for about 15 years, and with the exception of one minor incident, I've not been disappointed.  Thank you so much for your continued dedication and determination to provide quality merchandise and service!!"
what i was looking for. I have an industrial machine that handles all my canvas and leather and needed something for the more delicate costumes. An inexpensive solution that does exactly what I need
"This sewing machine is not like my mother's huge monster one. It is the perfect size for doing any sewing project and the fact that it is small enough for easy storage wins me over. It comes with a simple and very helpful manual and also 25 different stitches. I haven't been able to use it a lot, but so far I'm loving it. And the fact that it was in my budget made it a even more worthwhile purchase."
"I had to return the first one due to the bobbin being defective, but the replacement works fine. It is a little light, but I do not do heavy duty sewing. Just repairs, hems, and small projects."
"Got this machine two years ago and it's going strong. I love having it around to make quick mends to clothes - definitely has saved us money to hem pants, etc."
"My husband wanted to learn to stitch patches on his uniforms.  He does not like to read instructions manuals, but he got into it right away.  An hour after he first took the machine out he was sewing the patches onto uniforms like a pro.  The only thing he said was ""What else can I sew?""  It's great as a starter machine.  It is hardy enough to sew through thick patches/fabric, and I love that it has the embroidery option AND button hole stitch.  I have not tried these two, yet, but I will!  :-)"
"This sewing machine has done flawlessly everything we have needed it to do so far.  I think for the price, it is hard to beat."
"I bought this for my granddaughter as her first sewing machine.  It does everything a beginning sewer needs to do, but also is suitable for a more experienced sewer who doesn't need a more expensive, high-end machine.  I just finished a beautiful Chanel type suit: 2- piece sleeves, interlined, lined, and with trim on the jacket, and the machine worked fine.
I sew quite a bit, and have owned everything from computerized machines and overlocks to basic machines.  for the price, this one is a winner."
I have never sewn anything before and this machine is so easy for the new user.  The user guide is easy to follow and helped me alot.  I have already made pillow cases and throw pillows.  I am now creating a baby quilt.  How fun.  I never ever thought about sewing till I had grandchildren.  Thank you for this great new craft.
I love that it is strong enough for hemming jeans. Definitely worth the price! Instructions are easy to following for a beginner like me.
"I hadn't sewn in many years and didn't want to buy an expensive machine just to do a few projects.  This was the perfect buy. I was skeptical that such an inexpensive machine would be worth buying but I've made several quilted tote bags, purses and appliqued table runners on it and it quilts better than my mother's much more expensive machine.  It's very easy to thread the machine and the bobbin and doesn't give me any problems.  I love the simplicity of this machine.  And it has a whole variety of different stitches that I wouldn't have expected on a machine that cost so little."
"I have no prior sewing experience, and this machine is very easy to work with.  couple hours after opening the box (reading manual and watching couple youtube videos), I started my first sewing project without any problem"
This machine is easy to use and lightweight. It works great and the stitching is beautiful. Great for a beginner or more advanced user.
This machine seems to be capable of each task it has been tested with so far - and the first one we have had with reverse (a big PLUS) no more turning and turning again -- so far SO GOOD !
"Unfortunately the last sewing machine I had was metal and computerised.  I don't sew so much now so I bought this machine when my last one went wrong.  I have used it very little so far but it seems very plasticy and slow.  For the price it is very good but, oh dear, I wish my old one hadn't gone wrong.  Of course I will persevere and I expect I will get used to it.  Good machine for a beginner."
"Finally treated myself to a new machine,i don't need alot of  fancy stiches so this one was perfect,its so light weight and easy to move if i need to. It is so easy to thread and it even threads the needle. This has been so easy to use, it has a power switch on the side so when i am done i just turn it off and walk walk away the bobbin case in in view so i know when it needs attention,i don't sew a mile and notice i didn't have bobbin thread. thanks ."
"Arrived on time and worked better than expected. Love the portability and the low weight.
Very easy to use for day to day sewing"
I bought this sewing machine for myself.  I am really a beginner and it was very easy to use out of the box.  My mom however is a really good...I had her do some projects for me and she was totally impressed by this machine...she couldn't believe the low price and how well it worked.  Would definitely recommend.
Great quality and very nice looking. Accidentally fell from table and works like a champ. Would defiantly recommend. Good for a beginner or pro.
"I was getting tired of borrowing my mother-laws sewing machine so I decided to buy one. I wanted a very simple machine that I could use to create baby blankies, hem and halloween costumes. I LOVE this sewing machine! I bought it in 2012 and have used it multiple times to do small sewing jobs. It is easy to use and figure out. The pedal is a bit touchy, but you are able to figure out how much pressure to use after a few times of sewing. I would recommend this sewing machine for any beginner who wants to learn to sew."
"My daughter purchased this machine for herself. She wanted something that was not too difficult, but still had many options. She loves this machine. Although she has not been able to use to too much as of yet, she has her first sewing project lined up and she is anxious to use it."
I love this machine because it is easy to use and helps you thread the needle with almost no effort.
"Now if I only knew how to sew, it would be great.  Haven't really used it to due anything major yet.  Wish me luck."
It seems well made and so far does all it was described as being able to do. However there seems to be a bobbin issue as I noticed in several other reviews before I purchased. The price is great and fast shipping. Well worth the effort on the bobbin issue.
"My Brother machine arrived quickly and the packaging protected it perfectly. The case is very durable and attractive. It sews beautifully. This machine would be great for a new sewer because it is easy to use. I've been sewing for 50 years and I use it for sewing for the house, tailoring, kids clothes,and crafts. I'm so glad I bought it!"
"I just bought this machine to begin my new hobby of sewing. I've only used it twice so far, but it seems to do the job! It's a good simple machine that seems easily approachable for beginners.

The only complaint I had was that I wish there was a little more variety of sewing foots provided. I attended a class and had to borrow a foot from my friend who has a slightly fancier Brother b/c I didn't have the one for the job (or so the instructor said).

So far, I really love my machine!"
"Mas feliz no podra estar con mi compra, no soy costurera profesional pera me defiendo muy bien con mi maquina de coser, ya no compro muchas cosas porque ahora las hago yo misma"
"When my old machine suddenly expired, I had no idea what to buy as a new one. I wanted one that was light enough to be portable but was well-made and reliable so I can use it on lots of different types of sewing, from hems to craft decorations to full-out sewing of articles of clothing. So I checked both Consumer Reports and Amazon ratings before buying this one. I'm really happy with it. It's been very easy to learn how to use it and every project has turned out beautifully. I especially like how nice the guides are - it's such a help in keeping all the sewing lines straight and even. The stitch selection will be just great for the type of sewing projects I do. And the free-arm works better than I expected."
was the perfect gift for christmas.  Easy to use.  bought for a niece 9yrs old and she is enjoying it
"It did what I expected. Easy to use instruction, I have no problem at all and give good result from the first time I started using it"
Esta maquina es bastante practica solo con el manual mi esposa esta aprendiendo .. es muy eficaz el envio mucha responsabilidad y puntualidad gracias.
"I took it out of the box and started to sew with some reading of the instruction which were easy to follow.  I am an experianced seamstress, so that is what I expected.  It would do well for those not experianced."
Bought this for my sewing novice girlfriend for Christmas and she loves it! She has learned how to sew up clothes for our little doggy butters!
"I'm new to sewing and looked online for a recommended beginner machine. this machine is easy to use, has a good variety of stitch patterns, is lightweight enough for little me, and it gets the job done. I use it for crafts and repairing clothes. it comes with some needed tools to help get you started: extra bobbins, small screw driver, extra needles, different kinds of presser feet.
it's a freakin awesome machine. i can't stop making and fixing things."
I bought this for my daughter who wanted to learn to sew and was always using my machine.  It is a basic machine that easy for her to learn on.
Appears to be a well built machine for the money. Easy to set up and the auto-thread feature is nice once you do it a couple of times. Sewed well right out of the box without fiddling with it.
"I bought this machine for my daughter, she had a Brother before, I still have mine. This is a good quality sewing machine. If you want good use and longevity out of making good clothes, easy to use, stores well, and easy to keep clean then, Brother...............is your answer to it all!"
VERY EASY TO THREAD AND USE.  I HAVE DONE MENDING WITH IT AND THE STITCHING AND TENSION IS AS ADVERTISED.
She loves it! Very simple instructions so she could learn without much help. Great for first sewing machine. Would recommend.
"I've had this machine for a little over a year, and it was my very first sewing machine. I have a small business, and use this machine daily. I'm convinced that the majority of 5 star reviews are from people who had just bought this machine, or don't use it very often. This is a fine machine for a very basic sewing, or for someone who is just starting to learn. It's very easy to use.

Here are my problems with it:
1). Tension. I've had a lot of problems with it. It will be working fine one day. And the next day it's completely out of whack with the exact same thread and fabric.
2). Top thread gets jammed a LOT, creating a big mess out of my project. Most of the times wiggling the hand wheel a little gets it loose, but other times the mess is so big, I have to completely redo everything.
3). Top thread spool pin doesn't stay in securely. If you go too fast, it can just pop out, which had happened to me a few times.
4). Automatic needle threader stopped working after a few uses. I fixed it myself, which isn't hard, but it just kept breaking over and over. So, I just gave up and started threading my needle manually.

Like I said, a good machine for a beginner--inexpensive and VERY basic. It'll teach you a lot of patience and problem-solving. I'm currently shopping for a new one."
Had the same problems as other reviewers.  Unable to get thread tension right to make a clean stitch.  Constantly having to stop and adjust.. Straight seems are also a problem fabric guide and stitch consistency poor.  Should have paid more attention to reviews but the price was main reason for ordering.  Realized to late to return.  My girlfriends frustration with this machine made her request for a better one justifiable.  We got the brother SE 400 combination embroidery sewing machine.  My girlfriend loves it.
"I am a beginner and I received this machine as a gift, after only a couple of days with the first one, the bobbin kept ""bird nesting"" and skipping stitches.  My daughter told me that its probably the top thread that is causing the problem so I made sure that I threaded the machine correctly. I am making small pet beds and hammocks using fleece and flannel. I have been very careful not to use anything very thick as I realize this is a low end machine.  However, while I was completing a cozy cup rat bed today it all of the sudden made a loud noise and the needle will no long move. That is the same thing that happened to the  first machine as it was if something on the inside of my machine snapped and started grinding. The needle no longer moved so I sent it back.  I have now ordered a Singer machine and hope I have better luck with it!  Buyer beware, unless you are sewing thin material projects and don't plan on using this machine daily (I sew every single day!) Do NOT purchase this machine!  It's NOT meant for heavy material of any kind (even two pieces of flannel!!) and not meant to be used daily!"
"I'm not a advanced user but this is going to be a lot of fun . love the auto. bobbin thingy too.....I actually bought this for the sewing foot acc.with turns this wonderful machine into a serger....well it's been 3 months and I've fallen out of love :( it's claws where the needle goes up and down were sticking up too high! I've broken it trying to bend them down, I can see the imperfection with the plate and the bobbin cover....I guess you get what you pay for"
"Total novice here, but happy after 2 months and quite a few projects. I didn't expect this machine to be able to stitch several layers of denim, faux fur, felt, or corduroy, but it does. I bought a ""denim"" rate needed and it's worked great on a fur coat, jeans, gloves, pillows.. I even sewed some patches onto a wetsuit, 2 layers of 3mm neoprene, and surprisingly this machine did it.  I don't know anything technical and I have nothing to compare this to, but I like this machine for the price. SOmetimes the stitches come out sloppy or too loose, but it may be user error."
I am a minimal sewer. I shorten pants & curtains and make simple slip covers. This machine has many features I may never use but there does not seem to be a way to get a quality basic model. I've used it for one project and it performed well. My only problem with it is that it tends to go much faster than I intend. It is a challenge to get a steady pace I'm happy with.
"I bought this machine for my daughter as a beginner machine in April 2012. She used it very little before it hung up and the wheel got stiff. Took it in to a Brother Authorized repair shop. They were able to repair it, but the repairman informed me that it is a lower end Brother model and only meant to be used a few times a year on lightweight fabrics. Fortunately this repair was covered 100% under warranty, but since it is coming up on a year old only parts will be covered in the future. I was told that it WILL break again. Disappointing. As a side note: I purchased the 6000i model for myself at the same time. I did a lot of research before deciding to buy these machines. They work well when they work, but due to design, break easily. We are not careless users and were very mindful about properly winding bobbins, using the correct bobbin, threading the machine per instructions, etc. Buyer beware...both of these machines are a gamble."
"This arrived very quickly and was well packed. I haven't used it very much yet, but have some wonderful sewing projects that I am looking forward to making. A great machine!"
"I was suprised when I received. It looks bigger than I thought it would be. It looks very beautiful and expensive. I tried and it worked very nicely at the first try. For the price of unber $100, this is a very good deal!"
"I don't do a lot of complex sewing projects, so this machine is far above and beyond what I'll ever need. That said, I do love all the features and parts that it comes with. It's very sturdy and I'm quite happy with this purchase.  Instructions are clear and it's easy to use."
you can keep it almost everywhere and if you want to use just plug in and start sewing so heplful
"After struggling trying to understand the self threader instructions, finally got it, but would love for the people who write these things to do a better job.  Even having a better illustration would have helped.  I have some experience with sewing and that was definitely a plus.  I wanted just a basic machine to do simple stitching for repairs and home decor projects.  I might attempt to actually sew some clothing, but that remains to be seen.  This machine works fine for what I want, and the price was excellent.  Don't know if it would hold up to heavy use, but if you need a machine for occasional use and nothing too fancy, this should do the job."
"once i recieved it, i was glued to the manual.

i prefer reading the manual before you even decide to touch this sewing machine.

im a new sewer and this sewing machine did its magic.

after reviewing the manual i was able to start sewing ASAP.

no issues yet will keep you posted."
"My wife had been struggling with an old clunker and I got tired of watching her fighting the machine more than she was sewing. She also doesn't like all the gadgets on those computerized models so I went with this and I'm glad I did.
It's NOT for sewing through heavy material and even though it does do some neat stitches I found she doesn't need them, she does basic sewing.
She still gets frustrated but not nearly as much and the machine is much quieter, lighter, and easier to use than her old one. Now she can actually sew more than fight a machine which is why I purchased it."
"We have not used the machine yet, so I have no idea how it is going to work.  The shipment was very fast, we bought it with a prime account.  The reason I am rating it with 3 stars is that the knob came with scratches."
"I owned my previous Brother sewing machine for over twenty years (purchased the month before I was married - at my mother's suggestion) and just recently realized that it would be more cost effective to buy a new one than have the timing belt in my ""old"" machine repaired.

This machine is very straight forward and practical.  I sewed several medium weight fabrics and several patches on a scout shirt (that is fairly ""heavy duty"" - just short of a denim weight with both shirt and patches combined) today, and it did great.

I had no difficulty threading the top or bobbin.  In fact, there is a ""quick start"" instructional page that gets you rolling along in five minutes.

One other note about Brother, that I found with my previous machine and greatly influenced my decision to buy this one:  They have very helpful customer service and sell replacement parts for a fair price.  This is (unfortunately) becoming a rarity with so many companies.

Happy Sewing!  :)"
"I bought this machine to replace a toy Alex machine for my grandaughter.  This is easy to operate and understand, very quiet and our eight year old has even made pajama bottoms.  I will probably buy another for my daughter-in-law."
"I am using my new Brothers mainly for repairs.  It took me an hour at first to thread.  It has a beautiful
stitch and is easy to move around.  I am enjoying its use."
"I am absolutely in LOVE with my new sewing machine. I have not sewn in 18 years (since home ec, in middle school) and I was able to take this out of the box and start sewing immediately. Great helpful manual, super easy set up, etc. I thought the threading tool was silly at first, but I use it all the time. Saves my eyes, for sure.

I have not had any troubles with this machine yet, which is shocking because I really have no training. In the 2 months of owning it, I have sewn scarves, pants, pjs, a dress, stuffed animals, all on a variety of fabrics ranging from faux fur to knits."
"I am very happy with this machine. It is a real ""powerhouse"" for the price. I have been using it as a take along machine to work on a church quilting ministry (making quilts for the wounded warriors in military hospitals and the Fisher House). It is light weight and easy to use.  I have been sewing for 50 years and have used Singer, Kenmore and Phaff. This machine sews as well as all of those.  I have not had any tension probems. The bobbin is easy to fill and insert. The stitch selection are all stitches that I will use in the future.  I recommend this machine for anyone from a beginner to a veteran sewer."
This is a light weight portable sewing machine that's easy to use.  It has quite a few decorative stitches that would add a nice touch to any item you're making.  The item was received in excellent condition and earlier than stated.  I would definitely deal with this seller again.
My wife just HAD to have this thing. All I can say is it looks okay sitting in the corner. She used it once and didn't seem happy with it. Now its something else she doesnt dust.
"I did not know anything about sewing before I bought this machine. Between the manual and youtube videos about sewing, I have learned how to use my machine. I have had it for a year and have not had any problems at all with it. I would definitely recommend this machine to any sewing beginner. Just know that it cannot sew thick layers of material. You will need to buy the heavy and large needles. If you try to sew jean material or thick layers with the needles provided, they will break. You can find ""jean"" needles at walmart for only a few dollars."
The girlfriend wanted to start quilting so I picked this up for her.  She loves it and has yet to let her down.  It has various functions and abilities that allow her to keep going with her first ever quilt.  The only negative I have heard her say is that sometimes the bobbin gets wound to tight or to loose.
its easy to set up and easy to use. what more can you ask for? i haven't had any problems with it yet. its perfect for me and can be perfect for you.
solid and built to last this thing works great and is small and compact plus quiet and looks great my girlfriend loves it i recommend this to anyone the price was right to
"I am a novice sewer and the instructions are very easy to follow, if tedious. I am enjoying my new machine and would recommend it to anyone looking to start out as I am."
"Its been 2 months since I bought this and it hasn't broken on me yet. I sometimes have trouble winding the bobbin but it is not frequent enough to bother me or my stitching.

I wish the manual was a bit more detailed like how to adjust the tension on the machine. Fortunately, this model is fairly popular so a quick search on the internet provides not only the details you need but even some youtube-specific videos on how to use the machine.

Hence, while I wasn't completely satisfied with the support that came in the box, the model's popularity online more than makes up for that lack of support."
"great beginners sewing machine. Easy set up, came quickly, not much else to say besides it works for me for all my sewing needs!"
"The tension does bunch, but if you sew for a couple of inches then go back a few stitches and then continue sewing, that resolves it (I find). I bought it because the biggest complaint from others was that the needle threader did not work. Mine works, but it is nothing like the diagram in the instructions. You just kind of have to figure it out. I cannot explain it and here there is no way to draw a diagram.

Another thing is, you have to carefully wind bobbins according to instructions. When a bobbin is more than half empty, this seems to jam the machine as well. Loading a freshly wound bobbin seems to prevent jams and bunching.

Cheap thread shreds and breaks and may cause other problems. Use high quality thread and read the instructions very carefully. Will update when I have done more sewing."
"I have had nothing but trouble with this machine since I purchased it.  Due to a serious illness in the family, I was not able to try it when it was delivered.  When I did start a project, the fabric would not feed and even seemed to go backwards.  I wrote to Brother and they said to take it to the nearest Brother dealer.  The closest dealer was over an hour away, but I took the machine there and the first thing that they said was that this was not really a Brother sewing machine.  They finally agreed to have someone check out the machine and when I picked it up they said that it had a defective part from the factory.  I have used it for about 6 hours since then and in the midst of a project, it's doing the same thing again.  I do not recommend this model."
"the machine runs very smoothly, and it is easy to set up; although, the way the manual was constructed was not good enough and need to be re-written - for example, instructed in English, then followed by Spanish should not had been like that. I recommend writing half pages of the manual in English first, and the rest half pages in Spanish."
"Great price for a great machine. I only sew at home, not professionally. I could not have purchased a better machine for the price. Thx again."
"I use this machine for my mixed media pieces and love it. It is excellent for use with canvas, paper, fiber-art, pockets, art journals, etc. LOVE LOVE LOVE"
Poor quality product. The machine began to make noises and would not work after being used twice.  Returned product for refund.
"I am still learning how to use this thing, but I love it TOTALLY :) I can't wait until I am able to get going and be able to use it like a professional :)"
"The drop in bobbin and easy threading, idiot proof sewing - with a readable instruction book makes this machine a blessing.  It does more than the average repair person needs..perhaps spuring you to more advanced projects."
"good price and enough function for a beginner, I used to buy expensive one, when it was broken, the repair fee cost me much more than this new one.  And it only lasted one month and broke again.  Buy this one is a good choice!"
"Just used my machine for the first time today. I read over the instructions as well as a book I brought at my fabric store before attempting anything. I've been terrified of using a sewing machines so I was so relieved that this machine is fairly quiet and easy to understand. I did 4 practice stitches, had to put my tension on 7 and it looked great. Made my daughter a barbie blanket in about 10 minutes :)I highly recommend searching for online videos of this machine, there are 3 on YouTube that were so great and really helped me. I'm happy with this machine and pretty proud of myself for overcoming my fear."
"I love doing my fabric arts and crafts projects on this sewing machine. It is easy to carry and seems durable when it comes to heavy fabric. I sewed a couple of thick corduroy pieces on this and it churned it out nicely. The only thing that I would change about this or any other sewing machine is that the bobbin never seems to hold enough thread. I wish that there would be a full size spool where the bobbin is, so that I don't have to keep threading it."
"I received this machine as a gift and immediately started sewing.  I've sewn purses and bags with this machine with hardly any trouble.  I've recycled jeans and used denim over and over.  While I was finishing a denim bag today, barely a month after receiving it, something on the inside of my machine snapped and started grinding.  The needle no longer moves and the machine will barely turn on.  I'm sorry for my mom, who purchased it for me for Christmas, as it isn't worth what she paid for it, never mind all of accessories and material that we both purchased.  All of this after Amazon sent out the machine and it was stolen by UPS!  Buyer Beware!!!

Update 10/5/13: Received the new machine as the first one was replaced by Amazon.  I purchased a quilting foot for this machine and as of today, the machine has eaten all eight of my replacement needles.  I wish I'd never seen this machine.  It is horrible.  Do not buy it!  The aggravation and ruined projects are bad enough, not to mention all the money spent on accessories and material.  I will never buy anything from Brother again and will probably never purchase a machine from Amazon ever again either.  I don't know why it started breaking my needles.  I can't find a thing wrong with the machine itself.  The batting for the quilt I'm working on is very thin, not even as thick as the bags I was sewing initially.  Please just purchase a Janome or a Singer and count yourself lucky to have avoided this disaster."
"I  had ordered this same machine a few yrs ago....wore it out, so I bought the same one, easy to use and familiar.  Like it very much."
This was a gift for a daughter who doesn't sew but will use it for repairs and projects....and I will use it when I visit.  We especially did not want a  computerized machine and this was a perfect solution.
"I got what I paid for, it wasn't heavy duty enough for what I needed to do with it. Cheap"
I bought this machine for my wife. She hasn't used one since she was in high school and she said it is so easy to use. I would recommend this machine and I know she would too.
"I am delighted at the great quality and ease using this machine.  I highlly - very highly recommend this to anyone.  It's a light machine, dependable and the best I've had to work with in years.  The cost was great, and rec'd quickly.  Use this vendor, they're great!"
"I bought this machine based on its excellent reviews.. but I'm always getting loops on straight stitch. I followed threading instructions, width and length settings to the letter and  I couldn't get a proper stitch. The thread coming from bobbin  is very loose which is causing this issue."
Has not been used yet. Dont have space in our apartment to set up. We will see if it gets used in the next one.
I love the simplicity of this machine. I haven't used a sewing machine in over thirty years and really wanted to learn some basic skills so I didn't need a lot of frills. This machine will do a whole lot more than I know how to do. It handles quilting weight easy enough but go slow with real heavy materials and you will do ok. I would recommend it as a beginner or intermediate machine. Shipping was awesome and the price was great too!
"I have already made curtains, pillows, and pillow cases! This machine is great and extremely easy to use. This is my first time sewing as well!"
"after i mastered the self threading feature, which took awhile, i had problems filling
the bobbin. the instructions are easy to read and there are visual aids on the top of
the machine, but the thread is not tight and the bobbin does not spin like it shoud.
I think i just need t practice more, once in awhile it works properly."
This machine is just what I wanted.  I am your basic sewer.  I don't need all those fancy stitches that you might need an engineering degree to use.  I have been sewing for many years.  This i my third machine and the first time for a Brother.  I am very satisfied with its ease of use and its compactness.  Thanks Amazon for providing an excellent product for purchase. I will recommend this machine to others.
"The price is nice, but, unfortunately, I am learning that you get what you pay for when it comes to sewing machines.
I had heard that Brother machines are decent quality, and as a beginner, I didn't want to spend multiple hundreds of dollars. However, this machine was frustrating right off the bat. There are quite a few good reviews (which is why I gave it a shot), so perhaps I just got a lemon. However, I found that the bobbin mechanism kept jamming up, and the machine continually lost tension. After reading the reviews on some of the other Brother machines, it does seem like a wonky bobbin mechanism may be a common issue for the brand.
Also, something to note - I've learned that it is generally a bad sign if the reviews of a product include pointers on how to get around the thing's quirks. Ahem.
I ended up having to call the Brother service center on the very first day I used it. I feel the need to note that I spent about 17 minutes on hold, give or take, before I reached a live person in the sewing machine department - something potential buyers may want to be aware of when purchasing a Brother machine. (Customer service and a quick response time are a big deal when you are smack in the middle of a halted project.) The service guy was very nice, however, and advised me to clean out the bobbin area and see if that helped. If not, then I would need to have it serviced. It was better after a dusting, but I found that the problem recurred the next time I tried to use the machine. Given that potential service or repairs on it are likely to cost as much (or more) as the machine itself, I chose to return it and purchase a different machine.
If cost is an issue, you could give it a try and hope you get a good one. Otherwise, it may be worth it in the long run to go with a higher-priced machine. I ended up with a Janome 7318 - definitely a higher price tag, but also a higher quality product. Several weeks later, I have yet to encounter a problem with the Janome."
"Bought this for my ,mom for Christmas since her died on her a few weeks before Christmas. She hasn't had alot of time to mess with it. But the time she did spend with it she said it is an amazing sewing machine. The stitches work great. There were some bad reviews about the tension and the stitches not working right. My mom said that alls she had to do was read the instructions and she didn't have any trouble with it at all. My mom is an experienced sewer as she makes alot of quilts and other things on her machines."
"I had checked on consumer reports to see who had a good rating for a sewing machine, and this was number 1.  I have to tell you I am so happy with it, I am still learning all of the neat little stuff it will do, but the needle threader is wonderful... especially if you have eyes that are getting a little older... (SMILE) It sews beautifully, and I was so suprised that even with the major snow storm the east coast got hit with at the beginning of the year.. it was hear on time.. so qudos to amazon... I am so pleased. Thanks"
I bought this machine for my 10 yr. old niece for Christmas.  We used it on Christmas and it sewed very well.  We did not experiment with all the different stitches but I was very pleased with how it sewed.
"I chose this rating based on my adult daughter's experience with it.  She received it from me for Christmas.  This is her first machine and she loves it!  The set up was easy.  Winding the 1st bobbin, threading the macine, all went smoothly.  I chose this model because it has the capacity to grow with the beginning sewer as she gains experience and confidence."
"bought it for my daughter. it is a great machine to do all the little projects she has. (pintrist!)
easy to use and easy to store."
The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars was because the product was delievered by UPS. Other than that the owner's guide is easy to understand.
I really enjoy this machine and would recommend it to beginners. I had a hard time threading the lower bobbin. It's my first machine and I didn't quite understand the directions. They are drawings. I found a video on YouTube that was most helpful.
"I purchased this machine for small sewing projects, hems, repairs, etc. I am not an accomplished seamstress, and this machine fits the bill for what I need.  Is easy to use and is lightweight and well made. The price is definitely worth it. Very happy with my purchase."
Everything I expected and oh so much more! Worth every penny!  My granddaughter was shocked and delighted with this wonderful sewing machine!
I bought this for my wife and she was so excited to use this to do basic alterations and projects but it works a bit too hard to get through denim pant cuffs. I had to take my jeans in to be professionally altered because we were afraid to break the machine. I like that the machine didn't break the bank but I feel that should be able to expect a bit more from this machine!
LOVE IT! LOVE IT! JUST THE RIGHT SIZE AND FEATURES FOR MY PURPOSES. RIGHT SIZE RIGHT PRICE COULDN'T ASK FOR MORE.
"I've tried several of the stitches and all has worked well.  The unit does not handle heavy fabrics well so denim and such will not be an option.

For the money, this is a great buy.  The perfect machine to ease back into my long lost hobby."
"I bought this for my nine yr. old granddaughter.  It was a great deal for the economical price.  The instructions were easy to follow and the threading and drop-in bobbin system were easy enough for my granddaughter to accomplish on her own.  As she becomes more comfortable with the basics of the machine, she can go on to more complicated stitches and sewing projects.  Good investment!"
"I bought this for my daughter as her first sewing machine and it is so user friendly.  I also bought one for myself, and I have been sewing for 30 years!  It is all the machine you need for basic sewing.  I love it!  If you're a beginner or a lifelong sewer you will love it too!"
"The quick-start guide is great!  You can literally start sewing right away because the tension is set just right.  The accessories that come with the machine are great.  Be sure to read your manual and change the foot according to what type of sewing you'll be doing.  The blind hem-stitch attachment is wonderful!  Never again will you have to struggle hemming a pair of pants.  The feed dogs are amazing.  You get a perfect straight stitch every time.  I did hire a lady to give me sewing lessons and she showed me how to use the accessories; however, you'd be fine just reading the instruction booklet."
I really love it and have been having a blast since I got it thanks .. my friends and family love it too since now I make things for them and their pets also however ... I don't get or can't figure out the needle threader LOL but love this otherwise and that can just be me and my dyslexia so not an issue <3
"This was for my granddaughter and wanting to learn how to sew.  It fits the bill with everything , all the stitches and portable.  Can set up anywhere"
"It's a nice machine for most young users.  Unless you're some high end expert, this one will work fine for you.  Anyhow, if you where high end, you would never consider this machine anyhow."
I bought this for my sister as a gift. She used it and she loved it. Definitely a great gift
I bougtht this for my 8 year old granddaughter for Christmas.  We have only used it one time but she loves it.  It is very easy to use and I love the needle threader.
I have the less expensive model but it also has a short spindle for the spool of thread. Solved the problem with a drinking straw. Cut it just taller than the large spool of thread and put over the short spindle- voila problem solved.
"I bought this machine as a beginner sewing machine for my 23 year old daughter. It is the perfect beginner. She loves it!  Easy to understand, does the basic stitches, and more"
"I love, love love my new machine!!!  I thought something was wrong with the needle threader, becuz I was used to it raising up above the top of the machine; but when I was standing over the machine looking down at it, I saw it was just a different type of threader, threaded it in seconds,and didn't have to return the machine!!  WOOHOO !!"
"I didn't know if I wanted to get back into sewing, so I chose this inexpensive machine last spring.  I got into quilting this fall, and even though the throat is too narrow for comfortable quilting, it does work.  It took me a few tries to get the hang of catching the bobbin thread in the hidden spring.  Hint: your bobbin thread will look like it is crossing the top of the bobbin when it is caught correctly, once you pull it up with the upper thread.  If you decide to quilt, be sure to get the Brother walking foot.  I was referred to a local shop, and while I like to support local stores when I can, they fitted my machine with a generic walking foot that caused me endless problems.  Very frustrating!  Finally just got on good old Amazon and got the correct foot, and it works like a dream.  I hope to upgrade to a better machine someday for bigger quilting projects, but for the price, this is a good machine, and it's relatively portable for classes."
I have never really used a sewing machine before and I was able to thread this one easily enough. Just followed the directions and followed the advice of previous reviews (hold the bobbin down when threading the lower string).  Very happy with purchase.
"This is a good machine by Brothers for the price. It came with a few attachments which, I which I am sure will be most useful. I do like the machine it has many features that are helpful to many projects. The manual is helpful and quite detailed.

My previous machine (Singer) did not have these issues. I had it for over 30 years, as with anything time, wear and tear take a toll on it and could not get the simplest of parts for it no longer. Hence the need for a new machine. It was also better constructed with metal casing and parts. Not the cost cutting plastic that things are made of these days.

However, I have encountered a few drawbacks to this machine. I have not figured out why the tension on this model will not work correctly. It keeps loosing it strength no matter how, I adjust the tension. I have rest all dials, remove the bobbin and re-thread over and over again to get it back to where it was. This is most annoying and inconvenient especially when trying to complete my projects. In addition the secondary spool spindle will not stay in its hole. I put the spool of thread on it, as soon as I start sewing it pops off the machine. The only option, I can see to fix that would be gluing the spindle to the machine. It also makes a thumping sound when sewing at higher speed. Overall if your budget is tight and you need a machine this is a good one for its price."
"I love it, and its so easy to use, plus it sew perfectly. Thank you. I will recommend this machines to all my friends."
"I was a little leery of buying this machine because of all the negative reviews. But the positive far outnumbered them so I bought it. After reading one review about the bobbin tension spring, I knew what to expect and have had no issues at all. I haven't tried any of the advanced features yet, but it runs perfectly. Money well spent."
Still learning how to use all the different stitches etc.am really excited to use such a compact up up to date machine.
The first sewing machine I brought was Sun Bean which was skipping stitch even there are two layers. Then I brought Brother and I like it. This machine also worked very well with my appliques and all my normal sewing needs.
Having fun learning how it works.  I Bought the last sewing machine in 1968.  Amazing how many improvments have been made since then.
"I wanted a simple, quality sewing machine and the Brother machine is perfect.  Easy to use and has all the features I needed for a very reasonable price."
The friend I gave this to for Christmas loved it! I would recommend it to people who love to sew.
"Everything works wonderful and looks great it would have been nice to have a slipover cover with it. But the price was good and Shipping Service was Great. I would Recommend it to Everyone,looking for a Good Machine at a Great Price. Thanks Brother,Thanks Amazon."
It stitched jeans (granted a thinner pair) without issue.  Everything mom's done with it so far has been great.  Inexpensive and productive.  The built-in needle-threader is VERY handy!
"This was purchased for a serious minded eight year old as a Christmas present.  She would have totally disdained a ""Dora"" or other kid's sewing machine.  This is a nice little machine but it is not a toy.  Frankly considering the price, it seems live an amazing value.  It is also easy to use.  She was sewing on Christmas day.  For ease of use, size, features and quality this is a very nice product.  I am not a seamster or seamstress but this beats the bejabbers out of my old four times the cost and three times as heavy sewing machine."
Had this machine for a couple years. Worked alright. Loved the button hole options. The problem I had was with the lower tension. All of the correct bobbin placement and cleaning couldn't fix it like so many reviewers.  Took it to get repaired and after he messed with it awhile and took it apart and put it back together he told me the lower tension was completely off and it could be fixed but he wanted to charge me more than what I paid for it! I threw it away and bought a better machine without plastic parts.
"I got this sewing machine for Christmas. I made a few things for home - a couple pillows, duvet, dress. It works very good. Easy to use. I would recommend this to anyone who wants to bye sewing machine for home needs."
"I needed to replace the pockets in a beloved leather jacket.  It would probably have cost me as much to have it done at a local tailor's.  Of course, I spent 5 hours on the project.  But anyway, this really did pay for itself the first day I used it.  It is about as simple a machine you can get today.  I learned on Mom's 75 year old Singer (sadly lost to the ages), which had two settings; go and stop.  So this thing is mind boggling in its versatility.  It would be nice if they made the free-arm smaller, I'm sure there is ""room"" in there.  You can't go wrong with this.  But READ THE DIRECTIONS!"
It is a good value for a first time sewing machine gift.  It has easy to follow directions and all the necessary items to begin sewing with little effort.
"First off I understand that it's probably weird to see a guy writing a review on this. I was taught how to use a sewing machine by my mom and god mother. I needed to get curtains for my house but had an issue finding ones that would fit a 100+ year old houses odd sized windows. So I bought this to make my own from long store bought curtains. It was very easy to use and the instructions were extremely easy to understand. For a person that has not used a sewing machine for 10+ years that is very important.  I'm very happy with the purchase, and would recommend it to anyone. I even purchased a second one as a christmas present for my mother."
I LOVE IT  this machine is  easy to use The machine works great  For the price is soooooooo goooooooood  This machine is just great for me
I am excited about this Sewing Machine.  It has every feature anyone would ever need.  Very attractive and light weight.  Instruction Guide is very easy to understand.  I could not be happier.
"Well, I had the machine for quite a while before I had a chance to set it up and sew.
If that had not been the case, this machine would have been returned, but I missed the window.

First off, there were cosmetic blemishes on the machine, even though it looked like it was
packaged from the factory still - glitches and tears in the side decals (what you see in the photo
as teal green are just stick-on decals).

That aside, I was ready to take a hammer to it!!
The manual is a little hard to follow, because they have the same manual for two different models,
with no break between English and Spanish. Why this was organized this way, I do not know. It only made
it harder to find what you needed.

I'm no expert seamstress, but managed to sew a ton of craft projects on my old Dressmaker my mother-in-law
had given me many years ago without a problem. The machine was lost in a move to another city, and I found
myself looking for a new one. I'd already tried Singer, and was sick to death of them. That was all my mother
used, but the quality has really gone downhill - everything was plastic parts. I have one sitting here now
that came back from the repair shop for putting in a new metal gear (to replace the plastic one that snapped
on the third sewing project), and they didn't bother to TIME it! It's a long drive, so it just wasn't worth it.

So, I decided to check into Brother machines. It had a lot of good reviews at the time I purchased it.
I wanted to get into quilting, and honestly didn't know what I should have been looking for. As I have
started to use this machine, I've learned!  This is NOT the one you want to free motion quilt!

First off, I don't have large hands, but the throat area is very small. Very. I hit my knuckles on it so many
times, I was wondering if I could use it at all! It is hard to get your hand in there to lift the feet if you have
a quilt sandwich in there too.

A pro for it - threading it was very easy, probably the easiest of any machine I've ever used.
I also like the needle threader, once I got used to it. Note that it WILL shred some of the rayon threads, but you
need to just pull extra out and cut away the fray.

I was disappointed to see how much plastic is in this machine too! Wow. I had just ordered a 100-pack
of metal bobbins in the Class 15 size this machine takes. I then found out that you need to use PLASTIC bobbins
with this machine, because the bobbin case is all plastic. If you use metal, it could wear the bobbin part out quicker.
*sigh*  Who would think that it wouldn't be better to use the metal bobbins?!  Winding bobbins - not great.
I have to wind them very slowly, and watch for it skipping a section. In other words, it might do 20 passes fine, then
skip going to the bottom, making the bobbin uneven!  I've tried everything from different threads to various pedal speeds,
and it does the same thing all the time. You just have to eagle-eye it. Bleah.

You CANNOT lower the feed dogs on this machine. I don't think it says that in the description (it didn't at the time of my
purchase, but maybe it was added later). That's a real pain. It uses the little plastic cover. When I quilt, the feed dogs beat
against the plastic plate, making a thumping sound that gets annoying really fast. Metal feed dogs hitting the little plastic plate.
thumpthumpthumpthumpthumpthumpthumpthumpthumpthumpthumpthumpthumpthumpthumpthumpthumpthumpthumpthump
AAUGH!!

The manual also is not super clear about how to get the other stitches. You need to
have the larger wheel set on certain things to get to the other decorative stitches. Maybe others are used to that, but I wasn't
and had to pick through the Spanish and two-model instructions to find what I needed. The manual is not very helpful, really.

What had me ready to toss it out the window was the bobbin nests on the bottom of my fabrics!
I had very large ""birds nests"", and no matter what I did, what type or weight of thread I used, I had them.
You can't adjust the bobbin tension, only the top. The manual tells you to loosen or tighten the top tension wheel if you
have bobbin problems. That doesn't work!

If it wasn't for the WONDERFUL hint on the bobbin threading from SBP here on Amazon, I would have given up
trying to use it entirely. THANK YOU SBP! You saved my sanity!  The manual is again not clear about that little spring.
You can't see it (well, I can't anyway), and I had to go by faith. I took a thread and pulled it back and forth under the
tongue until it caught. Think flossing a popcorn kernel out of your molar - fishing around until you feel something
catch - that would be it. When threaded right, the bobbin thread will look like it is laying across the top of the bobbin
after you have pulled it up with the top thread. I'll post photos later of what it should look like when you are
ready to sew. This saved the machine from being tossed into the trash! (Yes, it was that annoying - nothing was working!)

I bought this machine because of my currently-limited budget.
However, if there is any way you can afford more, do yourself a favor and get a better model!!
This would be good for a first-timer. It does the basics well (as long as you can get the bobbin threaded perfectly!)
and offers a large variety of stitches for the price.

Since I wanted it for quilting, this was my mistake for not having a better understanding of what features to look for.
If I had more experience, perhaps I would not have had so many problems. Yet some of the issues are strictly
related to this model of machine. I don't even think it is Brother - I think it is just this model.
And if I had not passed the return window before I opened it, it would have indeed been returned."
Still having problems getting the upper tension correct.  Still too tight.  Keep re-threading the machine but haven't found the problem yet.
"I was looking for a lightweight machine to take with me to quilting classes.  I didn't need anything fancy and the price was right.  It too me a little while to figure out the dials (my other machine is computerized),  It is a good basic machine and I am pleased with my purchase."
This was a graduation gift she loved it.  Bought for graduation gift... she loved it. Wanted her to have a skill she will use the rest of her life.
"I was looking for a new sewing machine for my 15 year old daughter, something sturdy, inexpensive ( but not cheap), something for first timers. This is perfect, I am even thinking of taking up sewing. I love the amount of stitch patters also."
This machine was great for me. I haven't sewn since junior high 15 years ago. I was able to get it threaded and get started sewing using only the provided manual. I even got it jammed up pretty good once (my own fault) and was able to trouble shoot the problem myself. That's saying a lot considering my lack of experience and mechanical skills.
"She loves it and says that it is very easy to use! I'm watching her use it now, lol. And she is enjoying it very much!"
"kind of hard to figure out tension settings.
thread keeps breaking.
but sure i will figure it out
runs great"
"I was so excited for this machine, its my first one. Its a little tricky but the manual helps a lot. The only i thing i cant figure out is why the thread in the bobbin puckers sometimes. I've changed fabrics, thread tension, stitches...i don't know. I have threaded a bobbin before so i know i did it right. I'll get right soon."
"I have been sowing for decades for my family. When my sowing machine finally broke after 30 yrs I purchased a cheap machine. It broke in 8 months! Then I bought this one and immediately felt the difference. I will say it is user-friendly, smooth, and quiet, and not too heavy to put away after each use."
"We purchased this sewing machine for our daughter for Christmas.  It arrived promptly and was well-packaged.  However, when she removed the cardboard protecting the dial the packing tape started to tear the sticker off the dial.  She was very careful about removing the tape as soon as she noticed the problem.  Tape removed another portion of sticker elsewhere on the machine. We contacted the seller and they immediately sent us a second machine, which we have not yet received.  But we are concerned that we will have the same problem.  Has anyone else noticed this?  The damage to the sticker makes it difficult to read the settings and will eventually cause the entire sticker to wear away."
"I haven't done much with this machine yet, but from what I can tell I love it! For a beginner, the Brother XL2600I is perfect. There is a large selection of stitches, automatic button-hole, needle threader, etc.

The only complaint I have is the sheet diagraming how to thread the upper and lower threads is a bit confusing. The pictures didn't help that much, and even the instruction booklet seemed a bit scattered. I ran into a lot of ""If your machine has _____ go to page __."" Since I JUST bought the machine, I wasn't 100% sure if it had some of these things, so I would have to search the box for some features. All and all I got it threaded and working and I am happy with it. With all things like this, it takes some time to figure out and get use to. I look forward to future sewing projects!"
It is a great little machine and just right for my needs.  Love the needle threader.  Machine is easy to use.
"this machine is so easy to use.  i don't sew alot but it sure makes it a joy when i try, my old machine was so slow and this one just breezes along, you have to get used to the new threading method bu it is worth it"
"I must say I love this machine! I ordered first, then I looked at the Comsumer Report because I started doubting my decision. This sewing machine was rated at the top, and boy did I make a good choice. I have always bought top of the line and I must say, that for what it cost, it works just as good or better than those very expensive machines. Very easy to use, thanks Brother amd Amazon!"
I bought this machine for my daughters who wanted to learn to sew.  I found it very easy to show them how to use it and they both love them.  They have both done sewing prodjects already.
"I went from a Singer to a Brother and the quality isn't as good, however, it does a good job for what I use it for. It is a little complicated to figure out certain things but it works fine.  Hopefully it will last.  The singer I had lasted years!"
Best investment ever! I love my Brother sewing machine - I've used it to make some repairs on clothing that I thought I would have to throw away and I am very happy with its simplicity and ease of use.
Our daughter is so excited to use her new machine and didn't even care if she opened the rest of her Christmas gifts. Many stitch options and seems to be built well.
"I'm a guy, and we had to sew up some pants for my daughter school uniform. After figuring things out, I was able to hem up a pair of pants with no drama. Decent little machine for run of the mill stuff like this, as well as plenty of other crafty stuff  you may run across from what I can tell with all the stitches this thing can produce."
"My 1954 Pfaff zigzag machine needed work, so I bought this Brother.  It has a rather tricky learning curve in comparison.  I find that in most cases, the ""under-stich"" is loose, in spite of my adjustments.  I'm a bit disappointed, since my dau has the same machine and has had no problems."
"I love this sewing machine.  I have been sewing for 49+ years.  I previously owned a Singer in a cabinet model that I purchased for $300.00 when I got married.  I bought this machine on sale for $80.00 (what a deal) because I wanted something that I could just put on my kitchen table.

I like this more modern machine better than my old one.  It is very easy to operate and at my age threading a needle has gotten harder so I definetly love the needle threader.  I used to waste a lot of time threading my old machine.

Sewing parts (extra accessories and rufflers) are available on line for Brother & other sewing machines and I just can't say enough how great this machine has worked out.

Have a problem with this machine post it I am sure I could tell you how to correct the problem.  There isn't anything I haven't encountered that I wasn't able to figure out."
"read lots of reviews and finally made the purchase!  I was looking for a good simple to use, low frustration machine for my 9yo daughter.  This is it.  I personally own embroidery machine, sergers, computerized machines etc.  I wanted her to have her own.  Out of the box, set up and 20 minutes later she was sewing herself.  Very easy and no problems so far.  have had it 1 yr.  good little first machine!"
"I grew up with a mother who sewed, but I never learned.  I ordered this and was able to hem 4 pairs of pants the same day.  Very easy guide to follow and it's not an intimidating machine at all!"
"Gave the sewing machine to our 12 year old granddaughter and she was very excited. As far as I know, she hasn't tried it as yet."
"After reading all of the other reviews, I was a little worried by the ""1 star"" ratings. But then I read all the ""5 star"" ratings, which made me feel better about ordering this machine (basically, follow the directions). I am a beginner sewer, who is trading in my 1954 antique 2-function machine for this new Brother.

I've had the Sew Advance for about 3 weeks now. The tension adjustments are easy (just always test on a fabric scrap). Buttonholes--I'm learning & practicing a lot :) And basically I am just following the instructions carefully to avoid the bobbin tangling issue (which -I believe- occurs when people put the bobbin in the wrong way. there is even a sticker on the machine next to the bobbin case which has arrows illustrating the threading directions).

I didn't think that a fancy electronic machine would be good for a first-timer. So far, I am really happy with this machine, and am loving everything about it."
"This machine is like mine, so I am sure it will work fine.
  But this one is a Christmas present so not opened yet."
"I'm a 20 something year old female who had never before used a sewing machine.  I decided I wanted to buy an organic blanket as a present for my mother, who has a ""furry person"" with server skin allergies.  Organic blankets were so expensive, I thought I would make my own.

So far I have only done a simple straight stitch on practice material.  But, after some adjustments, I made a perfect stitch, just like I wanted.  And it took less than an hour to set up, even though I have never even seen a machine being set up.  Threading the machine was a bit complicated, but the instruction manual was clear, even if the Spanish instructions were mixed in with the English ones.  And the instructions on the machine helped a lot.

One drawback-- if I was older and had arthritis, bad vision, shaking hands, ect. this machine would have been impossible to thread.  All in all, a great basic machine for a begging sewer planning to make basic use of it."
"I like this sewing machine overall, but wish there was more room to work on larger projects and that the presser foot had more than one setting for pressure upon the material. It works well for day to day sewing. For large projects and thick materials, I would go with a different machine though."
A good decently priced machine for a beginning sewer or for small jobs. No problems yet. So far so good.
"I was able to wind bobbin , sew in less then an hour and I'm a beginner sewer! We will see how it holds up but so far this was a great deal!"
Had to figure out at first but once you figure it out it is a nice machine.  It is pretty easy to use.
"Okay- my mom got this for me for my ninth birthday, and I LOVE IT! It's a bit complicated and the stitches don't always come out like the little pictures, but that's all the flaws I see. Buy it, it's a good sewing machine."
"Great machine. A little loud is the only negative I can come up with.  It's perfect for what I wanted it for, which was using when my sewing machine/embroidery machine is embroidering.

I've had absolutely no thread nesting problems.  The bobbin is like any bobbin (It's actually the same as my baby lock embroidery machine that was over $1000)  Just make sure you actually thread the bobbin right.  You drop the bobbin in facing the right way (the thread comes from under the bobbin) and then you follow the little arrow and put the thread through.  Your thread end should end up by the little hole to the left of the bobbin holder.  The bobbin on this machine should be a lot EASIER to use than some other machines because this machine has what is called a drop-in bobbin.  You drop it in (faced the correct way) pull thread through the little path and you are done.  It's awesome.

TIP:  After threading correctly always turn your hand wheel (that wheel on the side that moves the needle) to go into the bobbin case and back up and it pulls the bobbin thread up.  Then grab the bobbin thread (I use a pin or pencil) and jiggle the hand wheel while pulling the bobbin thread up.  After doing this two pieces of thread should be on top of your machine going under the presser foot and going toward the back of the machine.  It should cure most of the thread nesting people are having.

Here are two more expensive machines with the same bobbin type: $250 machine has the same bobbin case http://www.amazon.com/Brother-XR9000-Sewing-Machine/dp/B002ROVEY8 as does this $580 embroidery machine.  http://www.amazon.com/Brother-PE770-Embroidery-Memory-Stick-Compatibility/dp/B002MQI2NM/

Threading the machine is exactly like my embroidery machine too so it was easy to figure out.  The needle threader is a little light but works fine once you figure it out.  TIP: Make sure that the little tab goes through the needle, it can move to the right side instead and then it won't thread the needle.  I almost didn't buy the machine because of the pressure foot not having different settings but then I thought in my 25 years sewing I rarely use the presser foot pressure change.  Since this machine is mechanical you can actually just pick up the presser foot a little if you need it a little lighter.  (most electronic machines will turn off if you pick up the presser foot)

I would suggest this machine for someone learning to sew or for someone looking for another machine to supplement their more expensive machines. It's a great price and works great."
"I purchased this product as gift for my mother for basic sewing but have been very unhappy with it
Agree with the others who've had problems with jamming threads. I followed the helpful suggestions of others, yet it still jams just trying to do a simple straight stitch. It shouldn't be this hard."
"I purchased an XL2600i to do basic sewing tasks and so far, it fills the bill perfectly.  It is straightforward and I had no problems with the user's manual's directions.  The traditional bobbin winding (on the top of the machine, not in the bobbin case) was something I really wanted.  I haven't had any problems with ""birds' nests"" of thread.  To be fair I have not put it to any really severe tests (such as multiple layers of very thick fabric) but it handled the alteration of the waistband on a pair of men's suit pants with no problem (which did involve several layers of material).  I also assembled a Christmas stocking using heavy velveteen for the backing.  This involved making bias cording and sewing those layers plus the linen stocking front plus 4 layers of velveteen for a turned ""loop"" for hanging the stocking up -- and it managed to do all that.  You just need to take it slow.
The machine comes with all the basic accessory feet -- the only one I will probably add is a clear foot, which I got used to using on my now-deceased Elna Supermatic that I've had for decades.  (The Elna is repairable but it would have cost 2.5 times what this machine cost to get it running again, and I'd still have to be switching cams.  And buttonholes -- forget it.)
The one comment someone made about being careful taking the tape off the green on the front of the machine is very true.  I was (I thought) careful, but at two places, the green separated a little bit.  I think heating the green ""label"" with a hairdryer might make it possible to fix this small problem."
"I love it! I haven't had any issues at all. It's perfect for me to learn on as I'm very new to sewing.  Perfect size, price couldn't be any better considering how expensive sewing machines are. Can't wait to do more projects with it! :)"
"Being a rather simple person, I wanted an inexpensive sewing machine to do very simple things.  Just the basics.  I have not yet had the chance to experiment much with this ... but it comes with many more bells and whistles than I had even anticipated.  A great machine for novices -- with simple to understand instructions."
"If you are having problems getting things set up, try YouTube. There you can see the unboxing of this machine and a video tutorial on getting it set up. The machine works well."
"I'm sorry I haven't had the opportunity to sit to this machine I recently ordered from you.
Have been recovering from surgery, and am anxious to be able to be up and about to use it.  Am sure I will be satisfied with it as the name Brothers is a respected one.
Thank you,
Rosabel Baldwin"
"Lightweight, easy instructions, sews well but not through thick materials but that was already noted on prior reviews so I was aware of it.  Love this little machine.  It's just what I need for the very little sewing I do."
"best machine ever, took 35 years to wear out the last one. I know this one will hold up just as well."
"I just started sewing in September. Since then I've created a hanging pocket organizer for my wall, two decorative throw pillows, place mats and napkins for Thanksgiving, and I'm currently working on pajama shorts. I didn't take any classes nor have I used any patterns yet. Thanks to the simple and intuitive design of this simple, yet versatile machine, I've been able to turn a desire to learn sewing into a new hobby. There are some youtube videos out there that will show you how to set up your machine and use it. I recommend getting some scrap fabric remnants at your local fabric store (where they put fabric when there is less than a yard left on the bolt). With the scraps I was able to practice sewing in a straight line, explore different stitch lengths, and use different presser feet.

Speaking of presser feet, this machine comes with a regular, zipper, button hole, narrow hem and blind hem stitch feet. I also purchased a bias tape foot and it attached with no problem. Changing them out is easy and quick.

The needle threader is very convenient and after a couple tries has become second nature.

The automatic bobbin winder works very well and the drop-in bobbin mechanism is almost flawless in design. Once I knew what the bobbin was supposed to do, I was able to set it up and haven't had a problem changing bobbins since then. It has only tangled one time and that was my error. I like that there are arrows on the machine that show you which way the thread should go to make sure you don't end up with a tangled mess.

The machine is heavy duty enough to sew through a variety of fabrics, but also light enough to carry around to different parts of my house as well. I plan to get a carrying case for it so I can take classes at my local fabric store too.

For any beginning sewer, this is a great machine. I am learning so much and I can't wait to learn more. There are more than enough projects and stitches to keep me busy for a long time. Someday I plan to upgrade to a computerized machine since I'm very computer savvy and am a graphic designer. I hope to learn embroidery too since I think that would make for some very fun and great gifts for my children (someday in the future!). Enjoy learning to sew, or returning to sewing as well."
"This is my very first own sewing machine. I've played with my grandma's old school kind in the Philippines that's probably older than me and my brother combined, a mini, and hand held. So I have a few experiences but I still took my time to learn how to use this by skimming through the manual. Before changing things up and switching knobs here and there, make sure you know what you're doing because there's not default button to start over. It comes with decent accessories you'll need. There's plenty of various stitches for beginners and intermediate. I love this sewing machine! Now if only they have a better looking non bulky case/cover so it'll be more portable. But it does have a handle bevel to carry it with one hand."
This was purchased as a gift and I've reviewed the product as it's an upgrade from the one my friend would 'borrow'.  She began to teach me how to sew and this is a great machine that is easy and still provides stitch options.  It came VERY fast and was well packed/protected!
"I just needed a sewing machine to start out with. I have had this machine for well over a year and it has not given me any problems.  I use it quite frequently.  I wouldn't say I sew heavily, but consistently.  Great product."
"I wanted to start sewing because I am a shorty and spend a lot of money on the taylor.  I have barely got this sewing machine a couple a weeks ago and so far I cannot ask for anything more. I'm amazed on how uncomplicated this sewing machine is. It is basic and straight to the point which is perfect for a first timer like me. Although it looks inexpensive, it is a good quality. I so far made a pillowcase and since Christmas is around the corner I am going to sew more pillowcases for the family as presents. I have not yet been brave enough to hem my own pants but will do it eventually. Overall, best buy and a very good investment. I recommend this sewing machine for first timers or for experienced seamstress that want a good quality basic sewing machine that won't break your bank."
"This was a gift for my wife and she is very pleased with this sewing machine. She's commented a number of times how this is much easier to use than the old sewing machine passed down to her from my grandmother.

She's a self-admitted amateur seamstress and still learning how to sew, but this sewing machine has allowed her to successfully complete curtains for our entry windows, a superhero cape for our child's Halloween outfit and a number of other small projects.

I doubt this thing would be sturdy enough or have the stamina to keep up with someone who sews for a living, but for the ""occasional seamstress"", this is the perfect tool to have around."
I like this machine and all its functions but the thread was always getting snagged. Also the instructions do not explain that when threading the thread there is a location (the long slit on the picture running from the top to the bottom) where the thread has to be hooked onto a very small unnoticable hook. If you don't mind stopping and fixing these problems every couple of minutes than your fine.
It is easy to use and I recommend for beginners.  This machine does all the basic functions you would ever need.
"Bought this machine as my first. Love the drop in bobbin and ease of set up. Runs smoothly too. However my foot pedal broke on my second use. I was a little disappointed but happy that it seemed like an easy fix and there is an authorized repair place close to me. Well my machine has been there for almost two months! The repair shop says Brother has to send them the new foot pedal since it is under warranty. But there is apparently 8 different ones and they keep sending the wrong one! After contacting Brother online, I received a short response from them stating to call them and they can call the dealer to see what's happening. I already know what's happening so this isn't a great resolution for me. I still haven't received my machine back fixed and now have missed my opportunity to make a the Christmas sewing projects I had to make. Very disappointed."
"Bought this for my girlfriend who makes garb for both of us to wear while performing and working at renaissance faires.  She LOVES her Brother XL2600I !  She has been going like a house afire with it since I gave it to her, and has created pirate garb, mens' shirts, beautiful renaissance gowns for herself, chemises, so many different things.  All in all, a superb bargain."
This is good for the price if you are a beginner. I would save up and get something a little better.
"This sewing machine will do anything you need it to do, and it's easy to use!  Couldn't ask for a better deal with the big 50% off sale."
This was a gift for my grand-mother. She's old fashion and wanted an old fashion sewing machine. But once she got a handle on this she loved it. It is smooth and sews very well.
I got this as a gift for my mother she loves it. The only bad thing the thread gets stuck every now and then but other then that it works great she makes stuff for her grandkids all the time.
So far I have been very pleased.  I do do some mending and alterations and I made a bunch of quilted purses for Christmas gifts.  It has worked very well on everything and I couldn't be more happy with my purchase.
Perfect for those starting out and those who are a little more advanced. It was hard to thread at first but with the help of my husband we got it and it is easy now. (The book dirctions are poorly written). We also youtubed to help. Ive already made lots of things for gifts and my little one. It was worth the buy. Very easy to sew on this machine
I do not like to right reviews but not in this case. I received really nice machine! Everything as described. I am happy with it. Great seller! Good luck!
"this is a nice sewing machine,light enough to haul around when traveling .does little mend jobs quite well,has enough built in stitches to satisfy and do most jobs I want to do. Have a couple of ""big expensive"" machines that sometimes I would prefer not to use for some jobs(winding a lot of  bobbins  for my quilt  machine)  would recommend to anyone and if need be would purchase again as the price was more than reasonable  ANSWER  to tallgirls question.. set gray dial on orange ""ss"" for second row of stitch designs,there no size adjustment for these(that I can find)the numbers on the gray dial just adjust size of designs on first row. ALWAYS  run a sample as you may want to reset tension"
"Let me start by saying I do not sew...  I have had need on a few occasion to sew.  I grew up with a sewing machine in the house and it have missed having one around.

I picked this unit because or price and brand. I am very satisfied with the choice.  My 6 and 9 year old kids have been having fun making pillows for the holidays and I can finally hem those pants :)

The unit is simple to use, easy to store, and seems very durable for my needs."
"I bought this sewing machine to start sewing projects around the home, I am happily impressed with the price and quality of this little machine."
"This little machine can do so much more than I ever expected. I have never sewed a thing before getting the sewing machine and wanted it to just do the hem of my pants. My reasoning was spending the money for the machine compared to my cleaners wanting $5.00 a leg; I had nine pants which needed hemming. After just ten minutes I was sewing away making my pants look as though a professional had done it. This machine has already paid for itself. I could not be happier, and I like working with it so much I will be doing other projects around the house."
"Easy to use and sturdy, not going to break easily.  Handled repairing a Jeep roof!  Plenty of function for what most people need to sew."
I love my new sewing machine. It does everything it says it will and perfectly. I found it to be extremely easy to use. I would definitely recommend.
Use this machine ALL the time! works wonderful and simple to use at that. I LOVE the threading system. Makes it so much easier to threat the eye of the needle compared to my mother's very old sewing machine where you had to spend hours trying to thread the needle by hand.
"I am a complete novice, having never sewed before but now I can't stop. This is a great sewing machine to learn on."
"For my first sewing machine of my own, I was looking for something that was lightweight, userfriendly, and an overall decent machine for an affordable price. I got all of that with this machine. My only wish is that it handled heavier projects a little easier, but I'm going to purchase the quilting foot as I'm sure that will help a great deal.

Great price, great item, no complaints here!"
It was everything I had hoped it would be :) Can't wait to get started with all the projects I have in mind
"I haven't sewn since my freshman year in HS 12 years ago and decided I would like to try it again. Since it has been sooo long since I have sewn anything I wanted to get something that was inexpensive and easy to use since I wasn't sure how I would like it and didn't want to spend money on something that I wasn't going to use. I went with this sewing machine after checking lots of online reviews and am very happy with my choice. It worked great right out of the box. I have only had this machine for a week and have made 2 decorative pillows, 2 pairs of pajama pants, and 3 different outfits for my daughters american girl doll and this machine has worked great. It's really easy to use, I love the automatic threader. I didn't have any trouble with the tension or even sewing through denim. I love that it's light weight too so when I start taking sewing classes I'll have no problem taking it there and back. When I'm ready to upgrade to a different machine I am going to stick with Brother because I have been so pleased with the quality of this one."
"I use to borrow my mom's machine for the rare times I had a need for a sewing machine - then I moved 400 miles away.  I am strictly a novice when it comes to sewing, but wanted something that would be easy to use when I needed it.  I had 11 curtain panels I wanted to make for a porch and this looked like it would do the job.  It arrived very well packaged in the original manufacturers packaging.  All of the needed parts were included to begin sewing.  The directions are a little fuzzy - but I attribute that to my lack of knowledge about sewing in general.  I knocked out the curtains in no time flat.  There are a lot of things this machine can do if I, the operator, take the time to learn how to do them.  All in all I am quite pleased with the machine and the quality and performance.  Great price.  Hope to try and broaden my horizons with a bit of knowledge and see what else I can manage.  I would recommend without question."
"This item was had easy to follow instructions, and I was up in running in no time. As a twenty-something who has never tried this before, I think this is a great beginner item."
I had to call for help on upper threading and I had to go to an authorized dealer for help on automatic needle threading. Other than that I was able to relay on the Manual for help.  Many things are different than my old machine.
"I have been using this for over a year now. It is really easy to use. I mostly do small projects so I can't say how it works on thicker fabrics. For what I do, I think it's great and great price too!"
"I researched sewing machines for several months before I decided to go with this brother.  I just started sewing with a friend, so this is my first machine.  I have been using it pretty regularly and have had no issues with it.  It seems a lot sturdier than other plastic machines too, which is great.  Definitely beyond happy with my purchase!"
Arrived quickly and is easy to operate.  This is my second one.  Bought this one for my granddaughter (10) to learn on.  We had a great time sewing when I was there visiting.
"I purchased this machine to teach my granddaughter (age 7) and grandson (age 5) to sew.  The machine was very easy to set up, the manual is easy to read and the machine is easy to use.  There are ample stitch selections and the machine sews a decent stitch. The dials sound like the gears are plastic, and I'm sure they are.  Something we need to be careful of because the kids like to play with the dials. After the second sewing session, my granddaughter was sewing like she had been doing it for years.  My grandson needed more hands on from me. Overall, I am very pleased with this machine at this point in time.  We have only used it three times.  For what I paid for it I think it was a sweet deal."
This is my favorite sewing machine. I've had one for 3 years and have never had any problems. Works great every time and I use it at least 3 times per week.
"I thought I was buying a machine that would ""get me by"" until I could get a ""good"" machine. Wrong. It works very well and I'm really happy with it. I've now sewn 30 items on it and it's been a breeze."
"It's that it arrived in time, I got this for my mom. And she loves it. I don't sew so I'm sorry for not being more detailed."
"Backstory: I bought a sewing machine on impulse when I saw it at Target for less than $100. Had now sewn in decades, but when I saw the machine my headed flooded with ideas for projects and I figured it would be worth the money. That machine was made by that brand that is known for sewing machines, and I thought I could not go wrong with it.

I was wrong. The machine kept jamming for no reason I could see. I could only think that the cost of repair would be more than the cost of the machine itself, so I didn't want to call anyone. And, because I had not sewn in so long, the sewing part of my mind was still in the 70s and I didn't think of calling tech support.

So I gave that machine away to someone who may be able to fix it and searched for something better. This machine, the Brother L2600I, had good reviews on Amazon and was even cheaper, so I thought I'd check it out.

It works beautifully. The few times it has jammed, I've been able to find the reason -- always something I've done wrong. And it has a couple of nifty features. There is a needle threader. It's a little tricky and it takes some practice, but once you get it it works very well. And the bobbin case is covered in transparent plastic and you open it from a horizontal surface. The result is that you can see what's going on in the bobbin case as you sew. When you go in there to change the bobbin, it no longer feels like a dark underworld.

If there's a minus -- and I'm not sure this is a real problem -- it's that you can't use the same bobbins you use for other machines. I have not had to buy extra bobbins yet, so I don't know how much of a problem this will be. I'm thinking you probably just have to be careful to buy the right ones."
"So far, this little machine has been perfect for someone like me, just learning how to sew. It's light and easy to schlep back and forth to sewing class. Only problem? Extra bobbins are a little hard to find."
This is my first sewing machine.  Very easy to use and to set up. My eight year old is learning with me and is using the machine with little help from me.
I use for basic repairs and alterations- making seams hems etc. My only problem is I have to learn how to use on thick cloth. I have a friend who promised to show me the attachment to use for things like a double thickness of jeans at the bottom where the thickness then would be quadrupled. All in all works decently for the basics I use it for.
"Its a GREAT deal. it comes with a foot pedal, its easy to use. I have NEVER used a sewing machine before and I sewed my first pillow with this in less than a hour of opening the box. Instructions are very good also, especially if you are a first time sewer. The ""automatic"" needle threader is awsome. it dose not thread it ""itself"" however it has a arm that drops down and pulls the thread threw the needle with you manual moving the arm. either or way it makes threading the needle fast."
"The extent of my sewing experience is hemming tape and handsewing small projects. I have never owned or used a sewing machine. I bought this because it was inexpensive and I was going to learn to use it by the instruction book, online video, etc... I was up and running in 20 minutes, hemming pants in seconds. I am 5' tall so hemming is a necessity. I am kicking myself that I didn't buy a sewing machine years ago. I bought a beginner pattern for a skirt so I am going to tackle that next.
Great value!!! Nice features, easy to use."
"I bought this machine for my wife, as she said that she was intersted in beginning to sew. After it arrived, I found myself using the machine. It was easy to learn on and the set-up is very simple. Not sure when I/we will begin to use all the sewing features and options, but it has been enjoyable thus far."
"So wonderfully surprised by the accessory pack!  I knew about the buttonhole foot, but this kit also included a Narrow Hemmer foot that was not advertised!  Nice!  This foot is great for lightweight scarves and rolled dress edges. The kit also has a button sewing foot, a zipper foot, a blind stitch foot and three bobbins and a needle pack.  Great package for a fabulous price!!"
"I am returning the machine after three days of use.  There is no way to adjust the lower thread tension, and it is too loose to make the machine usable.  I am sewing on basic cotton scraps, but the tension is so loose, even after repeated adjustments, that the seams will not hold.  Very disappointed."
I needed a new machine for household sewing projects. Nothing fancy or complicated. This machine was ready to go in minutes and does the job.
"I would definitely recommend this sewing machine for the ""new to sewing"" or beginner (I am new to it as of 2 days ago).  It is a simple machine that is not at all intimidating.  I only gave it 4 stars because the manual is SO confusing. Little details that you may miss are not highlighted clearly enough.  I had to rely on YouTube for help on filling the bobbin, threading and picking up the bobbin thread, before I could go on to my first project. The Amazon reviewer ""SBP"" (the top most helpful review) was also a life-saver, since I did end up having a bobbin looping ""problem"". Even after watching the awesome tutorials from YouTuber ""hbnole"". I am now sewing perfectly with no other problems. First timers...BUY this machine! You won't regret it!"
"I wanted to begin sewing again after many, many, MANY years.  After picking up the new IKEA sewing machine and returning it with a piece of fabric stuck in the works I decided to go with something more traditional.  It was a decision between Singer and Brother and based on the reviews I read here I decided on this model; I liked that the main complaint was that the machine went either ""slow or top speed"".  When I received this machine it was very easy to understand, yes the English and Spanish instructions follow each other (as opposed to having different pages) but after a very short time I got use to this format.  The instructions are very user-friendly and threading the machine is so much easier than I remember when I last encountered my mother's machine (a Singer).  I found NO problem controlling the speed of my machine and look forward to sewing up a storm in the future!"
"Great machine for the money.  Love the needle self threading feature.  Love the instructions and start up guide.  Easy to understand and easy to operate.  Did see some tension issues, but it could have been from the type of material and stitch that was chosen.  I  wish it had a case for keeping the bobbins organized, but I guess for the price, I am not going to get everything."
"I want to start off by saying I LOVE this machine.  That being said, I can't deal with the problems anymore.
After using the machine for a while, the bobbin starts ""knotting up"".  I've called Brother with no satisfaction other than ""bring it to a repair shop"".  Really???? $50 minimum to repair on a machine costing under $80??? I've been through the manual and have gone through all the fixes plus a few of my own.

Oh and I forgot to add that this has happened to  FIVE of these identical machines!!! At first I thought it was me, but not after reading review on these machines from people who have owned them for a while.  No, I didn't pay for all of them.  I was real good at persuading the stores to exchange as each time the machine did not last a full 12 months!  I kept on exchanging because I really do love the machine, but I'm getting sick of it lasting 6 months or so and then having these problems!

I've searched the web time and again for a fix.  Replacing the bobbin holder and needle plate would cost a minimum of $50 so that's not worth the while.  If the parts were less expensive in relation to the cost of the machine I would not mind replacing these parts all the time, but not at their current replacement costs."
This is an awesome machine and is very easy to use.  It has so many functions and I'm especially pleased with the quilting I can do.  It's an amazing machine and the price can't be beat.
"If you are a beginner, this is perfect because it is simple and easy to use. Having the correct tension is always important, and correct thread; each thread affects the stitch( PAY CLOSE ATTENTION). I waited to review because I wanted to present my flaws as well. I have non at this time.
So far it is working beautifully and I have made jackets skirts and dresses from this machine on all type of fabric.

This product is worth every penny."
"Machine instructions are extremely confusing because the manufacture refers to different models in the same manual. So this machine is not for begineers. Even the simplified guide is confusing. The only successful thing I was able to do was thread the bobin and the needle.  After sucessfully threading the bobin, you have to move this switch back into the position for sewing. When I did so and pressed on the foot pedal, the needle would no longer move.  The motor would run but the needle would not budge.  Had to return it. So disappointed."
"I selected this for my daughter's 18th birthday.  She has always been crafty, and has used my old 1940's Singer for a number of years.  With her moving off to a college dorm soon, we wanted something inexpensive, but versatile for her to take to college.

It is fancy enough that she has room to grow, and simple enough that she is not overwhelmed with the settings or choices.  She has goofed around with it, making silly things - but has also sewn a dress for a friend who needed a costume for San Japan!

That the girls could sew their own costume with it, pleased them immensely!

What more could a Mom want?!"
"I had this sewing machine for the last two months, I'm  just learning how to sew and it's been very easy to use, I'm still learning  how to use all the stitches but I have already made a pair of pajamas and a nightgown. So I am very pleased with my purchase! This is his wife writing."
"I bought this machine since it was cheap and I am just learning to sew. It was VERY easy to set up and start sewing and I have experimented with a few stiches already. (straight, zig zag etc)
The only thing I don't like about it is that there is no easy way to lift the  machine to take to class. Right now I lift it awkwardly and place it in a large heavy cloth bag, (will probably need to buy a case). I wish they had designed a handle on this one on the top.."
"For the price, you cannot get a better sewing machine. I'm not a seamstress, I'm a tug boat captain. The ease of use allows even a ham handed man like me to mend my clothes, and I have even been able to make button holes, and sew on buttons. Thanks. Captain Tim"
"Bought this for a girls birthday. She was very happy with the gift, I saw a few of the dresses she made with the machine they looked really good. Price was right. Think it's a good machine and put a big smile on someones face. :)"
"This is my first real sewing machine and I really like it.  It has a lot of different stitch options and is VERY quiet.  I'm just learning to sew and this machine has been great.  It's lightweight and the light at the front really helps me to see what I'm doing.  There is a large diagram that came with it to show you how to thread the bobbins.  However, the actual instructions for the machine are combersome.  I just use trial and error.  I'm learning that the speed is also based on how much pressure you put on the foot pedal.  I didn't know that previously.  I like the reverse button on the front that allows me to backtrack for correction or reinforcement.  You just have to hold it while you do it because it only reverses for as long as you hold it down.  One problem I keep having is that the needle frequently becomes unthreaded and I don't always realize it right away.  I'm not sure how to get it to stop because I pull at least 5-6 inches through the needle and to the back.

I bought the generic sewing machine case to go with it so I can stuff the pedal and a few other items into it as well."
"I bought this as a started machine, I've never used a sewing machine in my life but decided I wanted to start. I LOVE this sewing machine, it's so easy to use & if I have a problem I can either look at the instruction booklet or go to their website & find whatever I need. I recommend this to anyone looking for a new sewing machine! It's a good quality machine for a awesome price, I love it!"
I'm a beginner sewer and it made sewing a lot easier than my old sewing machine.  The quick threading for the needle was definitely my favorite.  I usually grow impatient when threading the needle but this feature makes thing really simple.
"I've bought this because of good reviews. But when it came, it looked cheap, and the thread on the bottom bobbin didn't regulate so the thread was going all sorts of crazy. I'm very dissapointed."
"I haven't used a sewing machine in many years, but all in all, things went pretty well with my first small project.  I had a bit of trouble threading it and the instructions weren't great, but was able to figure it out eventually.  Seems like a sturdy machine.  Time will tell how it holds up over the long run."
This is a great quality sewing machine. Perfect for an experienced seamstress or newbie. Highly recommend - cant beat it for less than 80 bucks shipped!
This is a Great machine for starters. I use this to stich dresses for my little baby gal. Easy to use
"I love this machine!! I have never ran one of these let alone owned one. The directions were easy and the numbers on the machine itself are wonderful. I know it was desinged for a person like me. Now I did have some problems with the thered tension and the bobin thred winding up under the faberic. But I followed the guidence of one of the other reviewers and it worked wonders. After that, I was good to go!! I made a pillow case for myself, messed up some,and then one for my kid. That one was better. Now I get to try and make one for the other kid and of course hubby wants one too!! But if you are a super Novice, like myself, I would recomend this Machine for you. I do plan on learning the art of making a quilt. But I'll start small for sure. It did come with extras also, like what was stated. Haven't messed with that part either. Just getting started and enjoying this little machine!"
"This is the best machine. The machine is easy to use, and strong. You guys will like. Brother XL2600I Sew Advance Sew Affordable 25-Stitch Free-Arm Sewing Machine (Purchased on June 11, 2012)<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Brother-XL2600I-Sew-Advance-Sew-Affordable-25-Stitch-Free-Arm-Sewing-Machine/dp/B000F7DPEQ/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Brother XL2600I Sew Advance Sew Affordable 25-Stitch Free-Arm Sewing Machine</a>"
"Purchased for a beginner sewer and myself for travel, the machine is lightweight and easy to use. Not as quiet as my ""big"" machine, but has all the basics.  It was a very good buy!"
"I am an amateur with sewing to say the least- this is the first sewing machine that I have ever owned/used. I really enjoy this machine- it is super easy to use! I had some difficulty when threading the needle but after studying the instruction booklet (which was very helpful) I figured out that I was more or less a complete moron and was doing it wrong. Now that I have it figured out, it is super easy to do. The only issues that I have had thus far were caused by operator error and lack of experience. I am excited to continue sewing with this machine especially now since i have a feel for it!

Update: machine is still functioning wonderfully. Just a tip to others- be sure to use Brother bobbins as opposed to the generic ones. I had difficulty with the no-name ones despite them being the correct size, etc."
This sewing machine is fantastic. I was able to teach myself how to use it after a very short period of time (having no prior sewing machine experience). Now I have been able to make clothing and other sewn items. This machine is extremely easy to use and is great for a beginner. I highly recommend this machine if you have little to no experience with sewing machines and don't want to spend a ton of money.
A great basic machine! The directions are easy to follow and the manual is helpful. I was pleasantly surprised since it was so affordable.
"I didn't want a complicated expensive machine... just something basic that I could sew some pillows, curtains, etc... with and so far am very pleased with this machine.  It was really easy to get started, I haven't sewed in about 15 years but figured out how to wind the bobbin and thread the machine within minutes.  It's small enough to store in the closet as well.  I'm happy!!"
"This is a GREAT machine for a beginner. I've just finished my first couple of projects and I'm very happy with the results.

Likes: easy to operate, many great features, helpful diagrams on the machine, operation is very smooth, the light in the machine is very helpful for me

Dislikes: The owner manual skips between English and Spanish. It is VERY difficult to follow if you don't already know how to operate a sewing machine, the screws are VERY TIGHT from the factory, so if you need to remove the metal plate to clean the machine, you're going to need a pair of needle-nosed pliers, a nickel (the screwdriver doesn't fit), and A LOT of muscle. I laughed when I read the ""warning"" in the instruction manual that says not to tighten the screws too tight -- as if that's possible.

Since I only speak English, I used a thick black crayon and blacked-out the Spanish in the manual. That made reading the instructions much easier. Anything that you have trouble with regarding this machine can be solved with a youtube video -- at least that's what I've found so far. Overall, I highly recommend this machine. I do not find the plastic housing to be cheap or flimsy. I am so happy I purchased this product."
"I'm a guy who likes to have my clothes fit well and be tailored nicely. Paying someone else to do it isn't necessary when you've got a mom with a sewing machine you can borrow. But my mom's machine is getting old and the new presser feet are so much better now along with so many other new technological advances in recent years in sewing machines. I don't sew every day of the week like my sister (who won't let me borrow her machine) but I decided it was time to get my own machine and learn to master it's capabilities -- and this XL2600i was perfect! I read lots of reviews and found that this machine does what other machines costing 2, 3, or more times as much cost! It may not be heavy duty enough to work on it everyday such as in sewing for a living but for the occasional home tailor, this is a great choice at a bargain price! I read how to use the features in about a half hour and went to work. This machine is amazing. I'm not a professional but  the results I got by using this machine look truly professional. It's lightweight but is well built and will last forever because it is well-designed and has been improved and perfected by Brother to the point of being a great machine at a real bargain of a price. If money is not an issue for you, get a machine costing several hundred dollars. If money is an issue, this will do the job -- and with some skill, a very professional-looking, first-class, job. It's a great machine! It comes with 3 or 4 bobbins so you may want to get some bobbins from Amazon for a fraction of what you'll pay for them at the local stores. It comes with 3 needles and a double needle. If you do a lot of quilting you may want to get the next step up machine for about $20 more that comes with an extended flat sewing surface. I don't so this was perfect for me. I'll be sewing some bedspreads, shams, drapes, and doing lots of fun projects with this machine. I'm absolutely sure it can handle it and will do a first-class job. Highly recommended."
"This is an awesome little machine!!  My new sewing machine arrived from Amazon in perfect condition... opened the box, removed all the packing tape, read the quick-set-up diagram, threaded a bobbin, threaded the machine (came with a sewing needle already installed) and sewed a new nylon shower curtain.  Required absolutely no adjusting to the tension.  Flipped to some fancier stitching and it didn't skip a beat.  Also, the packaging was perfect, all of the attachments were present and accounted for.  Getting ready to start on my new chenille with black-out lining drapes.  I'm not a seamstress, but I do like to sew drapes, etc. and things for around the house, will make a skirt now and then and of course hemming, buttons, etc. And this machine will be perfect for me. Couldn't be happier!!!"
"This is a simple and easy to use sewing machine.  Twenty five stitches, self threader and
easy to wind the bobbin.  Great price!"
"I've very sad about my machine. The bobbin gets stuck, it has tension issues, and I've been unable to use it. I'd have to pay the same amount as the machine to have it fixed, and that's to drive it an hour to get it fixed.

I have read online that this is a common problem for this machine, but no one seems to know how to fix it.

I would not buy this machine again.

And I'm sad I didn't know the problem until after my 30 day guarantee with amazon was up.

I think this is the first time I've had to say that about a product purchased on Amazon.

Do not buy this. I bought it for the price. I would rather go back and spend $600 on something that actually works."
"All I wanted was a simple but well-working sewing machine to do basic clothing repairs, and also to add darts to my blouses and dresses.  I love this machine!  It works very well, and the price was great.....$75.  The manual says to pull the needle thread out about 2"", but I have found that I need to pull it out about 4-5"", otherwise the thread slips out.  And, boy, do I hate threading a needle!  I would definitely recommend this machine.  Linda, Clearlake, CA"
"Actually I Purchased this machine in the month of Sept 2012 And using it Since then without any difficulty. Brother Sewing machine is very nice and easy to handle. Its for my daughter She is very happy and no complaints about its performance, And again I By mistake Ordered 2 x Brother XL2600I Machines in the month of June 2012  And returned them without taking delivery. Now I am looking for the amount return to my account. Till this day I didn't receive the amount. When can I get the same please inform me without fail.  Thanking you"
The sewing machine was easy to use and a good starting point for people that want a starter machine.  The automatic threader is a real convenience and sold me on this one instead of other machines.
"Omg when i got this machine i was so excited i started sewing with out a stitch of problem everything was great works excellent, and for the price, I would advice everyone to get one, its a great value and u can sew sew for days. I love this machine thanks again amazon for bring such great values and free shipping thanks."
Easy set up and easy to use.  I would recommend this as a good basic machine.  Like the automatic threader.
"I bought this one with my Amazon Gift cards which I got from Bing Rewards. It's just perfect for me - a beginner who knew nothing about sewing before. It's very easy to use and I love the the fact that I don't have to pressure my eyes on putting the thread through the needle as the machine will do it for me. Just few minute to get use to the machine and I can make a perfect sewing machine cover for it.
I would recommend it for any beginner. I am not sure about the expert but this machine has everything I need, from alteration to making a new shirt."
I bought this and shipped it to the Philippines. It has all the things I was looking for. The self threading feature is very good. I recomend it.
"I have never sewn in my life, I put the model and make in You Tube and watched for videos on how to thread etc., it was easier for me to see what to do as well as read the instructions. Remember I have never sewn before so it took me a couple of hours to figure out how to thread, now I change colors and bobbins and thread in about  5 or 6 seconds. This machine is beautiful, easy to use, I now sew every day...simple stuff cushion covers, curtains, hems, etc., remember, I've only been doing this a few weeks....but I would highly recommend. Arrived in excellent condition, a few days early. I give this 5 stars !"
"light weighted.  does all my requirements (can't comment on anything other than hemming and straight sewing). very good deal. my last machine was singer, i used for 10 mins, broke it, too heavy to send it for reapair (without original box), so, i discarded."
"I bought the Brother XL-2600i as a starter sewing machine, and so far it's met my needs completely.  It's got plenty of stitch functions to mess around with, and I love that it's relatively easy to thread and handle while I'm learning.

The only issue I have is that the upper thread tends to tangle with the bobbin thread now and again.  It may just be me, though.  I'm still getting a handle on sewing in general.

Already made several heat therapy rice bags, a pair of yoga pants out of a tshirt, and a tote bag.  =]  Super happy."
"Purchased this about two months ago and wanted to use it before I reviewed it.  It's a great machine for the cost.  I am new to sewing and I have been so happy with it.  I already made two items of clothing and one tote bag.  I intend to use it a lot more! I highly recommend it.

UPDATE:
I still love my Brother sewing machine.  I have since made a few dresses, about 5 or 6 skirts, a couple of tops, and a tailor's ham.  I've sewn with knits too.  I am very happy with it.  I do like the quality of stitching and I think it threads easily.  I thought the manual was simple to follow.  I speak english and spanish but I read english 100% better than spanish so I just ignore the spanish part of the manual.  I keep the manual by my side and I refer to it frequently when I need help with something.  I would highly recommend it.  If you're interested in seeing some of the stuff I've made, please email me.  Let me know if you have any questions."
"I had never used a sewing machine before purchasing this machine by Brother,  and though I bought it for just minor repairs, not only is it paying for itself by my not having to replace things I ordinarily would have replaced such as my shirt that was coming apart around the collar I was able to make the repair and it is almost unnoticable,  I just saved the price of the shirt because I ordinarily would have replaced it,  this unit is also easy to use and works great,  I recommend it for anyone that is looking to make minor repairs or to make outfits,  I am very glad I bought it."
"When I decided on getting a sewing machine, I compared certain brands of sewing machines for a week. I was hesitant to get this machine at first because beginners were saying they were having a problem using it.  But I'm a beginner and so far I love it! But of course this is my first sewing machine and I can't compare it to anything else.  The price is also worth it!"
Arrived in perfect condition . Very fast delivery . Super price for a great sewing machine .I have not had a sewing machine for many years . The set up and instructions were great .
"I was so excited I stayed up until after 1:00 AM doing things.  I made a bobbin, dropped it in, threaded the machine, got a piece of material and started.  I sewed straight stitch and zig zag stitches, wide, narrow, long, and short stitches, automatically threaded the needle.  You don't know how much this little added device helped an old 68 year old lady that has trouble focusing.  Threading was much easier, if that can be. It does everything my old Brother that died did and more.  It's easier to thread, easier to set the bobbin in as it sets in from the top, easy to use overall.  Can't say how much I like it for such a low price. I'm an experienced seamstress,  made my own cloths since I was 7, mostly sew straight stitch and zigzag.  For what I need, it's perfect!"
"I ordered this on Saturday evening and got it at 2 pm today (Monday).

I own another Brother sewing machine, the cs2600i which is at home. I generally really like Brother products, and the manual is actually easy to follow for me (I know a lot of people tend to complain about the clarity of it, but I never felt that way). I used the manual to learn how to use a button presser foot for the first time ever, and got it done!

I got this for my mom who wants to learn how to sew, and this review is just for the shipping since I haven't had good/bad experiences with it yet.

It comes with a foot controller power cord which also doubles as the sewing machine's power supply (so two cords merge into one) and that's AWESOME! less cordage to deal with.

Will let you know if something blows up."
"I sew, a lot. I learned on an old Singer treadle machine (never made into electric, mind you) as a child. I had another brother machine but managed to lose it between moving from one side of the country to the other. So I purchased this one to replace it.
I read the bad reviews and can't say that I have had the same problems with bottom thread tension more than once. The only time I had this issue it was because the bobbin was wound too loosely and it clogged things up. That's operator error, not the machine.
To date I have done numerous curtains, denim hems, pillows, and repairs without problems. It's a good machine, it's simple to use, and excellent for a beginner or intermediate seamstress."
"My $2000 Bernina is gathering dust.  I only want to use this Brother machine.  The self-threader is such a great feature.

One complaint is that it needs perfectly wound bobbins but it doesn't wind bobbins very well, which is why I give this machine 4 stars.  I already own a Sidewinder, so I'm doing bobbins on that.  Brother is working perfectly now.  Another issue is that the manual is confusing to me.  A final complaint is that the little front drawer for extra foot storage spills everything when I remove it.  Instead, I'm using an old cream cheese container.

It came with a very useful assortment of feet, although I have bought a few more.

I would buy this machine again, and I recommend it without hesitation, especially for the price."
"This machine does everything I hoped it would. For everyday sewing, it's great. Even for more involved projects, it performs well. For machine quilting, however, a machine with a larger opening is preferable as the opening is a bit small for large projects. Overall, it's a great, little machine and does everything my previous, much more expensive machine did."
Im a beginner sewer. The machine has lots of different settings.  I love the SS settings. Great machine.  Great price.
"Love this machine!  I had one other machine and never could figure out how to use it, but this one is soooo user friendly.  I'm just a beginner, but I love being able to make things for my new baby boy!"
I had my eye on this machine for some time after doing some research as I don't know how to sew but wanted to learn.  It is easy to thread and use.  I'm doing small simple projects and getting better each time.  I love that it is lightweight and can easily be moved from one room to the other.  My friend who knows how to sew very well was super impressed with all the attachments and options.
"When my previous sewing machine broke after only a few months, I didn't want to spend too much to replace it.  This machine has exceeded my expectations for both usability and mechanical functions.  Unlike the last new machine I purchased, there are no problems with tension, even when using the stretch stitch.  The drop-in bobbin was easy to understand and use even without the instruction manual, and within minutes of opening the box, the machine was set up and stitching away.  There are a few quirks - for example, in order to use the one-step buttonhole function, you have to also change the stitch to zigzag using a separate knob, which is unlike any machine I have ever used before.  There are also not many decorative stitches, though the double-needle is nice for hems.  Overall, this is a great machine if you're looking for something inexpensive, sturdy, and user-friendly."
"Bought as a first sewing machine for adult daughter.  Very well made, fairly easy to use and offers special stitches that are easy to use.  Excellent buy for the price."
"This machine is a terrible machine! This was my first sewing machine and the tension was terrible. It doesn't sew very good what so ever. When I finish sewing something I can rip the seems very easily. It doesn't work good with fleece either. I had many amazing sewers try to fix it. They couldn't fix it. I returned it and got another one in case it was just a bad machine, but no this one was even worse. Once again this is a beyond terrible machine!"
"This is my first sewing machine and I have found it very easy to use. The quick start guide is lacking a bit, but if you have someone familiar with sewing machines, it goes much faster. As far as the machine itself, I have found it to be a very good value for the money spent and would recommend it to anyone considering buying a new sewing machine."
"I'm a returning sewer. My mom taught me some basics when I was growing up, so I haven't done much sewing for about 10 years. But when it came to threading and using the machine it all came back to me. I don't have much to compare it to, but it seems very easy to use. Any problems I've had with it, like getting the thread tension right, is because I'm still learning how to use it correctly. The directions are clear. If you have never used a sewing machine before, it would probably be good to find someone who has used one to show you the basic on threading the machine, ect. I am happy with my purchase and believe that I will be able to use this machine for a long time!"
"this is very good item and for amazon service, i am totally satisfied.
but i faced a problem that as in USA they use 110 AC power supply but here in middle east we use 220 AC power supply so i have bought a supply changer to use this item.
2ndly the warranty is only use in USA it is not applicable to any other Brother store in any other country. so there is no use of 25years warranty card that i have received with item."
"My previous machine was a computerized nightmare that did nothing but continually beep errors at me as it thought it knew what I wanted better than me.  This machine is perfection!  For the price it's a great little sewer.  It runs nice and smooth, pretty quietly and is super easy to set up.  I would definitely recommend this machine for someone who doesn't want all the crazy bells and whistles of a computerized one.  I'm so glad I got this."
"I recently bought this sewing machine. Love it! It does what I need it to. Nice smooth sewing with the right speed. I love the sewing arm, it keeps your project from bunching up and from having to readjust. It has just the right amount of stitches available for your standard projects. Some day I would love a sewing machine with more stiches for an advanced sewer. For the price you can't get a better one. The only problem I have had is that it gets fussy when you are sewing through something thick, but I probably need to change the sewing needle to match my project. I have had this sewing machine for 6 months now and I have had no problems."
"I guess you get what you pay for.  The machine does not do well with heavier fabrics, such as denim as advertised.
The machine is so light weight that it moves as fabric is moved. The stitching quality is NOT there."
It reached very fast. I have not used yet. looks gteat. I bought it start a sewing activity in a senior center.
"I recently purchased this sewing machine and I am very happy with it! I've made a few quilts, a diaper clutch, a few drawstring bags, and I've hemmed my pants , all with so much ease though I'm not at all an expert in sewing. I love love the needle threader this comes with and the drop in bobbin just makes it so quick and simple to use!"
"This showing works perfectly and has the ability to do a lot of projects with, lightweight, portable, easy to operate.... Can use a variety of threads, definitely lives up to its description.... I would recommend it to beginners and to anyone that's interested in buying a sewing machine"
its great for begginers i haven't really used it that much i have sewed a blanket and hem a pair of shorts but i haven't had any problems with it. ive had one but it was totally my fault.
"This is an excellent machine.  I've had it just shy of 4 years now.  I use it quite a bit.  I am a work at home mom and use it to make things and mend my family's things.  I got it originally to make cloth diapers.  It's easy to use.  I did have some issues with the bobbins at first and ended up picking out a BIG mess.  I called Brother because I was concerned about the issues.  They said you HAVE to hold the end of the thread when it's threaded through the bobbin when you're winding it to get it to wind even.  If it's not wound even when you drop it in and pull the bobbin thread through the bottom of the machine to sew that loop that goes around the thing to hold the tension will end up pulling out and you'll have a big loopy mess on the bottom of your project.  An easy fix?  Either hold the thread and start winding the bobbin slowly OR just get a side bobin winder like this:&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Simplicity-SideWinder-Portable-Bobbin-Winder/dp/B001CE8JBU/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Simplicity SideWinder Portable Bobbin Winder</a>.  I highly recommend this machine!  I also recommend getting a carrying case for it if you ever want to take it anywhere or to at least keep the dust off of it.  It's very easy to find compatible needles and bobbins in the store."
"My husband bought me this machine in July 2010.  I had issues with the bobbin thread from the beginning.  If you have this issue, read the review titled ""Lower thread looping"" or something like that. After I fixed that issue, I had a great time sewing! Since I was learning on this machine, making mistakes and essentially beating it up I definitely feel that I got more than $80 worth of use out of it.  However, as I have advanced and sewed at least 5 days a week, the poor machine can't keep up anymore.  A few weeks ago, there was a strange noise and a metal on metal sound.  I thought it needed oiling (the manual does not explain how to oil), I took it into the shop.  My upper thread hook and feed dogs were completely messed up meaning it would be $100 to fix the machine.  Well, it's only $80 so I'm saying farewell and moving on.

Pros:  Perfect for beginners! Great price for someone who wants to learn but isn't quite sure if they will enjoy sewing, VERY easy to use, perfect for the occasional sewer or easy sewing.
Cons:  Manual sucks, it's a cheap machine so don't think it will last more than 2 years, NOT for everyday sewing, cannot handle thick or more than 3 layers of cotton fabric."
"this is my first machine and i am really enjoying it. my main complaint is that the thread often comes out of the needle, sometimes in the middle of sewing. is anyone else having this problem? any tips? i thought maybe it was a tension issue but i don't really know how to deal with it. also, when i get to the end of the fabric that i'm sewing, the machine likes to curve, so i have to be extra careful to hold it straight. but other than that, enjoying the machine, and it's a great deal."
not sure how to use the needle threader but i just finished my first sewing project with it and it is AWESOME i am glad this is the first new sewing machine i have ever bought and the bobbin is again AWESOME i have used old 60s and 50s made machines this is the best by far i could even teach my 3 year old to use this machine it is so easy i don't see buying a new sewing machine any time soon it feels easy to use and it is full size so no mini I am going to make a toddler blanket next and i am sure it will be done in no time
This is my first machine and was pretty simple to set up. Directions are very clear and it runs well.
I got this sewing machine as a Christmas gift for my wife. She is a complete beginner and wanted to make some pillows and things. She likes it and has used it 4 or 5 sessions and says the thing she doesn't like about it is that following the poorly written directions that came with it didn't make threading easy. I actually brought up a video online that thankfully had a similar machine that showed how to thread it. Other than that it has done everything she wants it to do.
"I purchased this maching as a gift for my college aged daughter. She loves it! She  claims its ""AWESOME"". It does everything she wants it to do plus its simple to use and understand. I wanted a mechanical machine, I thought this would be more reliable for her and it seems I chose correctly. I looked at several other brands and styles and kept coming back to this one. I have been a sewer for years and still keep going back to my old mechanical. It does seem to have some difficulty w/ jeans but otherwise works well. She is a beginner and uses it for mending and her cosplay costumes. It is easy to thread and the bobbin poses no issues. She claims the stitch choices are more than adequate. All in all a good choice for her. She claims its a speedy little awesome machine!"
"It is so easy to use! I love the diagrams right in the machine showing how to tread the machine and how to thread and insert the bobbin.  For someone like me who sews only once in a while, it makes the set up a breeze. In addition, the machine works great. I am so happy I purchased it."
"I absolutely love this machine. It is so easy to use; has so many stitch functions; comes with an attachment (can't remember what it's called) that lets you easily work on large projects. It comes with so many accessories (bobbins; needles; several different presser feet; and even a protective case/dust cover) and so far, even topstitching a quilt with a regular presser foot (not the walking foot you're supposed to use) is going really well.

I haven't used the automatic needle threader because I couldn't figure it out (more a reflection on me than the machine), but it doesn't matter because the needle is really easy to thread. There's a little catch that the thread goes through just before it goes through the needle, so you don't have to try to hold the thread tight AND thread the needle (the catch keeps the thread tight for you).

I had some trouble sewing at first because it sews much faster than my old machine, but it's actually very easy to control the speed. Best of all, the machine was at my doorstep four days after I ordered it."
"I received this sewing machine as a Christmas present and I love it! I had a little bit of previous experience with machine sewing, but I had never owned my own machine or tried to sew without help. I choose this machine because of the low price and good reviews. I wanted a machine to do small home decoration projects, such as hemming curtains, and making napkins and table clothes, as well as clothing repair and light quilting.

The instructions in the manual are easy to follow (despite the Spanish text being right after the English text as other reviewers have noted). I was easily able to wind the bobbin and start sewing as soon as I took it out of the box. I have made a number of projects such as a pillow case, napkins, and an apron, mostly using medium to light weight cotton fabrics. I have also hemmed pants, repaired ripped seams, and added a decorative stitch to the edge of a shirt. The machine had a little trouble sewing through the six layers of canvas where two hems overlapped, but otherwise it has been stellar.

I would recommend this machine to any beginning or intermediate sewer. It is sturdy, makes even stitches, and has a nice array of decorative stitches in addition to the basics."
"problems with it from day one with tension, needle, material catching
in mechanism.  I am ready to throw the darn thing out."
"From the time I opened the box, sewing hasn't been as fun as I remember. One of the reviewers mentioned frustration with the looping on the bottom thread. I didn't experience looping...I experienced full on tangling. Even without fabric and winding the side knob, the lower thread would tangle. I rethreaded multiple times, rewound the bobbin and repeated steps making sure that I followed steps correctly. I must have because once in a blue moon it would work and I can actually sew something. But then after awhile, it seems like half my thread wound up tangled underneath the plate. I made sure the tension was fine (stitch set at 2 and tension between 4 and 5) and when it did work the stitching was even and great. At least 4 times I had to remove the plate and pull out a ball of thread. This tangling did not only happen when sewing, it happened when winding the knob without and fabric in place. I would also notice that the needle would hit something. When slowly winding the knob I noticed that the needle would hit the bobbin setting underneath the plate if that makes sense. That would explain me having to replace 2 snapped needles in one sitting. Keep in mind that needle was new and straight and was meant to handle light to medium fabric. I was sewing thin cotton. So maybe I got a dud, but I am sad to say that I was THISCLOSE to threwing this thing out the window. I called the Brother Troubleshooting guide and told them what I did to try and resolve the issue, they said to try and get a refund. I'm sending this thing back and don't want to risk getting frustrated trying to hem anything. I might as well look for a machine that can handle a heavier fabric. Based on my own personal experience, I would say save your frustration and get something else. This thing almost drove me to drink."
"I love this sewing machine! My mother bought it for me for my ninth birthday and it has been working fine.(for about two hours, we just got it) It is pretty easy to thread, but I don't really like the instruction manual. It is very complicated and I don't know most of the parts of a sewing machine, like the presser foot or the tension knob.
  Anyway, this machine is very strong and steady. It made a great first sewing machine for me and I'm sure it will please you too. If you are impatient,like me, you will need help as starting up this machine requires lots of experience. Don't bug your loved ones too much because they may not have the time to experiment with you.
  My mother has already fixed some of my dad's pants and I plan to make a handkerchief soon. Remember, you need a lot of patience!

  Helpfully,
  9 year old child"
Received in a timely manner.  It was well appreciated by the grand daughter who received it.  She was able to make several gift projects for Christmas.
This is by far one of the best sewing machines I've ever used! (over 20 years) it's simple to learn to operate and does a wonderful job with sewing multiple stitch patterns! I would recommend this machine above any other!
I purchased the sewing machine as a gift for my 10 year old grand-daughter. She easily figured out hw to use it and enjoys it very much.
"As someone who literally hasn't used a sewing machine in over 20 years, I was able to get this set up and running within 30 minutes after taking it out of the box.  The quick-start guides for threading the needle and bobbin only contain images, which are helpful for a quick reminder, although I needed to read though the manual the first time to get more details.  Still, a good quality entry-level machine for the price.  I am impressed at several ""upgraded"" features such as the lamp, ability to move the needle right to left in basic stitches, as well as the overall variety of stitches available (including embroidery and darning!)  Only odd thing is the lever to raise the presser foot in on the side and not a back, so this location takes a little getting used to relative to the lever location on most machines.  This machines comes with a basic starter kit containing 3 bobbins, replacement needles and a second foot.  All very impressive for such a low price machine.  I would definitely recommend this to a friend."
"I'm a beginner sewer, and I wanted a machine that could do the basics but would also be something I could grow into. I bought this machine because it was almost half off. I haven't used it a lot yet, but I have sewn button holes and hemmed pants. It worked great for these projects! I'm looking forward to starting some new projects."
"after fighting the thread in my old used machine this one is great !!  I have had no bobbin problems others have mentioned, and no problems sewing multiple layers of material, easy to move, quick to set up, if you are thinking if getting a new machine and only need a few basic stitches this machine fits the bill."
"looked at reviews so i bought one for wife she loves it...she makes purses,aprons,skirts, n stuff for grandkids...ended up buying one for daughter n daughter in law...excellent value."
"I am a novice sewer and this machine has been great for me. I am still familiarizing myself with the various stitches and settings but it has worked out well. If you are just getting into sewing or are experienced, this Brother machine is just for you."
"This is for a Brother  Model XL2600I basic++ sewing machineWhat a great buy this machine is.  Brother quality at KOOL ADE prices.  Only complaint about the product is the needle threader.  it's pretty sick.  Mostly doesn't work.  However the needle sits so that is is easy to thread manually.
Amazon service, as usual was very fast and proficient.  Good combination.  Thanks.

Wil Hurd

Purchased through Amazon"
"It was time to replace my old heavy sewing machine, & didn't want to spend a lot since I only do basic sewing, fixing things etc. It's so much lighter than my old one, which is great since I keep it on a high shelf, & actually very easy to figure out. Even if you have not used one before I don't think you would have any trouble figuring out. I'm not used to the arm being at the side instead of the back, but it's not a big deal. It's a good machine, I've had no problems with it & I only wished I'd replaced my old one sooner with this one."
Looked at several different sewing machines after months of searching. I finally decided to purchase this machine. I really like the machine very easy to use and most of all I love the automatic needle threader. Would recommend this machine to anyone. I have just started quilting and needed a light weight machine to carry back and forth really didn't want to carry my other machine back and forth to my quilting classes.
"I purchased this sewing machine for my daughter as a gift for christmas 2011. Ordered the machine on December 4th, gave as a gift on December 25th, 2011. It is now February 29th, 2012 and my daughter is using it for only the second time and it will not bring the stitch up from the bottom bobbin. Checked with Amazon to return and the return window has expired (Jan. 31, 2012). So now I am stuck with a worthless machine and no place to go. I have always enjoyed Amazon and am quite surprized that I can not return this for a new one.<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Brother-XL2600I-Sew-Advance-Sew-Affordable-25-Stitch-Free-Arm-Sewing-Machine/dp/B000F7DPEQ/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Brother XL2600I Sew Advance Sew Affordable 25-Stitch Free-Arm Sewing Machine</a>"
"The Brother XL2600I is a great machine.  I have yet to put it to extreme testing but have sewed on it and love the way is works, the easy threading on the machine and the bobbin.  The many stitches are great.  The only concern I have are the directions.  They are poorly put together and read horribly."
"If your on a budget,and looking for a workhorse then this is a plain and simple,but fully featured machine dollar
for dollar. I highly recommend this. I was very cautious at first as I own a Sewing Center,and run expensive sewing
machines via commercial avenues. However I decided to take a chance again with Amazon. As Amazon has yet to let me
down on anything over the years. Thank you Amazon! FYI, Brother has been around way back in the early days of sewing.
Hence , enter the educated chance.
  I figured for 80 dollars even if it worked on just straight stitches I would be happy, WOW was I surprised.
FEATURES; It will run right around 9600 rpm, my Baby Lock runs at 10,400 rpm. This Brother is fast! Any slow speed is very very accurate, which is important for me on detailed work. The straight stitch is good, very good. But not
perfect compared what I'm use to. However, for the average user its great. There are a lot of built in satin stitches
and all of whom work great,much to my surprise. Bobbin winding is also a 5 star,its fast,winds level and is tight.
Good job on that end Brother. Threading is easy and fast. Read the manual if you are inexperienced on different
machines. Which by the way is a very very nice manual. The easy threading through the needle saves time, and saves
me a ton of money. THIS WORKS GREAT !! It actually works just as good as my very expensive machines, if not better.
  The one step button hole maker also works great. However, again play with it for a while with some scrap material
first before hitting your finished product. Its tricky, but once you are use to it, it works flawlessly!
  This machine does come packed with some extras which I did not expect for the price. Presser foots can get expensive sometimes. All the needed foots are included with this. Nice feature for sure.
  Free Arm sewing is a must in my business, and this machine is set up for it with a wide platform for just about
anything to sleeves to the canvas bags I do. There is plenty of room to pivot material around this sewing machine.
Again a nice setup !
  This machine will also free thread off my commercial spool tray setup, I was very surprised at this. I run 3500-
10,000 yards of thread on spools, I do not have time for small home spooled threads you buy at certin stores. This
alone made me extremely happy!!!
  I guess I can go on and on, however I won't bore you with the rest, From my point of view, this is worth more
then 5 stars for the price. I would expect to pay 8 times as much for a machine of this calibur. I highly recommend
this to anyone from the Novice to the Expert. It does a lot, and I have tested it Hard core already. You can't go
wrong for this price,and Brother has a good name. Thank You Amazon, my trust in you is growing stronger everyday.
And for Brother, I already kind of knew, but didn't expect this quality out of this machine. Thank you Brother !!
  Jimbo !!"
"Just received my Brother 2600 yesterday and I am happy to report that it is great so far. I haven't sewn for 20yrs or so, and recently decided to take a quilting class. I think it will be perfectly adequate for my needs and you can't beat the price! It took me some time to thread the bobbin and thread the machine, but after that it was smooth sailing...er sewing!"
"Bought this for my 12 1/2-yr. old daughter who had been sewing small items by hand.  We were actually looking at another machine (didn't know the existence of this one) and saw this one listed as a ""You may be interested in"" on the purchase page.  It far exceeds other ""first time"" machines.  For example, the foot pedal is true variable speed - not just fast or slow when depressed.  That alone is worth the price.  Easy of operation.  Styling.  And all for under $100.  It is not a quiet machine, but it is not obnoxiously loud, either.  Then again, we did not pay $2000 for it.  So yes, the trade off is not an issue at all.  Could not be happier.  And Brother is a top-rated manufacturer of sewing machines, unlike some of the other brands we had never heard of."
"I should have paid more attention to the person who said it simply could not handle heavier material like denim.  I bought it and, sure enough, it simply cannot handle the seams on simple hemming if the fabric is anything more than lightweight.  It skips 10+ stitches after and sometimes before the seam as well.  It has to be hand-turned and crammed through (gently) just to get any heavier fabric to pass under the pressure foot, as its highest point is still too low.  Even with all that, it skips stitches and sometimes produced a mess-ball of thread underneath.  The other reviewer was exactly right; this one is useful for other lightweight sewing, but you need ANOTHER machine to do jeans, etc.  I don't have another one, so I am hoping Brother will take this one back.  The man at the Brother authorized repair place told me to send it back and get something else; it would never work for my needs.  Sadly, it does everything else very well and has nice features."
"I've been looking to purchase a sewing machine for many years now and the reviews for this one never got bad, so I went with it.  Was able to use it right from the box without any issues or complications.  No problems with dropping the bobbin or having to put in backwards, worked fine as instructed in the manual.  Will agree that the manual is a little hard to read because all languages are on the same page.  Otherwise no complaints.  I have yet to try all of the features on it."
"//// Update //////

I have used the machine for over a year ( since 2011 ) without any issues or technical problems.

** Normally, I use the machine for one or two weeks every month.
** The machine is very adaptable when it comes to sewing needles. I have used different kinds of needles to hem jeans, sew quilts -- and even handle vinyl material.
** Cleaning the machine is very essential to prevent lint buildup.
** It takes 'Patience and Practice' to get the hang of thread tension and sewing technique.

  *-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-
Pros:
1) Easy to handle in general
2) Light weight
3) Easy to clean as some minor parts can be removed for cleaning and removing lint.
4) A tiny bulb of light above the presser foot illuminates that area and makes working easier
5) A complicated but useful arrangement to thread the needle. This prevents any strain on the eyes while manually threading the needle.

Cons:
1) This machine can't handle very thick textile like denim as it is built for home stitching and not for commercial stitching.
2) Thread tension and stitch length settings are slightly difficult to understand. It took me many trials just to figure out the right setting.
3) Noisy ( but not scary noisy !).

Tips to begin sewing on this machine:
1) Use a good quality thread as the cheaper spools snap very frequently and can frustrate new learners.
2) Trying to sew very very thick materials might break the needle easily.
3) Practice sewing on scrap fabrics to understand the thread tension and stitch length setting. Use distinct colored threads for the spool and bobbin to easily detect which thread has the wrong tension.
4) As instructed in the manual, regular cleaning of the bobbin area is required or else lint formation will cause the machine to skip stitches altogether."
"I am having so much fun with this machine! Being new to sewing, I didn't want to spend a fortune finding out whether this craft would suit me, nor did I want
to purchase the cheapest machine out there and all the trouble that might accompany it, dampening my spirits before I even started. Well, this Brother XL2600i has been a delight to use and I do believe that I am well on my way to being a ""sewer""!

After some time and research and reading all of the insightful reviews posted here, I felt acquainted with my little Brother before it even arrived.  The operation manual is clear and easy to follow (personally, I'm not distracted by the Spanish translation one bit; it's easy enough to dismiss).

It is so easy to set up and the included accessories are more than enough to get you going on a test drive right out of the box as long as you have a bit of thread and some fabric on hand. Being new, I started out practicing straight lines, pivot-corners and curves with proper tension and the like.  I have, so far, successfully completed a handful of microwaveable corn-filled warmers (to tackle the winter chill) and my first flannel/minky baby blanket (for my grandson expected in April) ; a pile of burp cloths are next on list.  All so easy on this machine.

I have experimented some with the included buttonholer and narrow hemmer feet, and while I feel I need to hone my skills with both, I am looking forward to putting them to use on future projects.  The included variety of presser feet are quick and easy to change. The needle threader is a brilliant option to have included and is certainly a time/sanity saver! The light is positioned nicely, providing ample light on the machine's bed; that it comes on automatically when flipping the machine's power switch on is handy.  The free-arm is easy to access and I like that the accessories can be stowed in the flat-bed attachment.

This machine is a good solid, lightweight, affordable sewer with more than enough stitch varieties to keep me happy. I am at total ease with the foot controller, feeling in perfect control. I read some complaints about it not having a 'slow' speed, shooting from 0-60 out of the chute, but I have not found that to be true at all. Perhaps it's because I am always slipper-footed while using it (as opposed to a stiffer sole) so that I am able easily touch lightly for one stitch at a time or set into a speedy bee-line of them, depending on my needs. I find the pedal to be comfortably responsive.

I highly recommend this machine to those new to sewing. It is user friendly and a delight to use. I cannot wait to expand my newly discovered sewing skills with this Brother of mine!"
"I have never used a sewing machine in my life.  I decided 2012 was my year to learn to sew.  I decided to purchase an affordable sewing machine that has a few bells & whistles.  This machine was extremely easy to use.  I sat down with it and devoted a few hours to learing the basics.  I can't believe I waited 51 years to learn to sew.  I plan to use this machine a lot in the coming months.  I took one sewing lesson and learned some basic stitches.  The Brother is light weight, very portable, and very easy to set up and use.  I'm extremely happy with my purchase."
"I had never even touched a sewing machine in my life, but wanted one for simple projects like curtains, & repairing my construction working husbands holey shorts! This machine was priced right, so I went for it. I thought I would need an experienced sewer or an instructional you tube video to show me how to use it. Turns out I was able to easily thread the machine on my own by following the simple instructions from the manual. And my first seam turned out perfect! : )"
"I have spent 3 GOD DAM HOURS TRYING TO GET THIS THING TO WORK. the bottom thread won't loop, it keeps getting jammes. all i want to do is cuff some of my damn jeans and i can't even do that. I have yelled into my scream-box atleast 12 times because of this pos.

This is def the worst purchase i've ever made on amazon. I will never buy another brother product as long as i live."
"I'm very new with sewing machine and have nobody around to teach me. so I needed some beginner friendly one and this did good job. as me originally from japan,  brother is a brand name familiar with and checked some youtube information before I purchase."
I have only used the machine a little so far but it works really well. It has plenty of power to sew even six layers of fabric (I didn't think I needed to test it further than that). It's advertised as a starter or basic machine but in reality it has more functionality than I need. I'm quite happy with the purchase so far. We'll see if it stands the test of time.
"I'm just learning to sew and this sewing machine has been perfect for my needs. I did a lot of research before I purchased this and all the reviews said it was a solid buy. So far, I would have to agree! I would suggest getting the carrying case for storing and for carting it around, especially if you are taking it somewhere for lessons as I am. It comes with a lot of basic attachments but if you're planning to work with batting or quilting at all, get a quilt foot as it doesn't come with it."
"I must say that this is a great step up from my ""singer school model"" I've been using now for oh....twenty years now. I am the type to hang on to everything and letting go of my singer was difficult, but considering it came this past Christmas as a gift from my husband I tried it out.  I am by no means a professional, but I do what I can to quilt loving items from remnants as gifts, mend my own clothes when necessary, sew clothes for my daughter and neice, etc. So this machine is quite the item for me. I am thrilled with the free arm.  Also, love the needle threader.  I cannot say enough about this machine.  I would recommend it to anyone just starting out sewing as well. Great buy for the occasional sewer!"
Im a beginner and this sowing machine is easy and fun to use. I received it in a timely matter. Satisfied overall!
"I got this machine as a ""beginner"" machine and Love it.  My bobbin thread kept getting tangled until my husband stepped in a put the bobbin in the opposite way the diagram and instructions show and it's not gotten tangled since.  Not great for thicker fabrics, but that was expected.  Otherwise, really enjoy my machine."
"I am completely new to sewing, and this is the perfect sewing machine.  It is easy to use and does an amazing job.  I've made lots of great things, and I'm just getting started!  It's perfect!!"
"I've never used a sewing machine before and needed one for basic tasks. Directions were easy enough to understand with good illustrations. Worked perfectly for my needs (hemming, mending). For the price, I'm extremely happy."
"I bought this for my wife who has little experience sewing, but is getting into it with quilts and other baby stuff. She started out using a borrowed Brother XL5500 which she liked and got familiar with. She was really excited about her new Brother XL2600i. The hardest part was figuring out how to pull up the bottom thread from the bobbin. We looked and tried everything, but couldn't figure it out. Then we found a video on YouTube that showed exactly how to do it. Apparently we weren't the only ones who were confused. Overall the machine was a great price and does everything my wife wants. She is having fun and said this machine is perfect for what she does."
"Overall: Good machine. Good Price. Great for a beginner.
PROs: Cost, Variety of stitches, button holer, stitch quality, ease of use
CONs: light bulb, not good with very heavy fabric.

I received this machine as a Christmas present. My family has an old Singer, that, while very dependable, is large and can do a total of two stitches. I was a little skeptical because of some of the reviews I had read. However, I am very pleased with the overall quality.
The stitches are straight and even. The tension is spot-on. The automatic one step button holer is not perfect, but it is close. (On slippery fabrics you may need to guide it.) I am impressed with the variety of stitches. The bobbin winder is great.
The only thing I don't like about this machine is the light bulb. It is on the same switch as the power, so when you are doing things that do not require light, such as bobbin winding, you are wasting the bulb.
While you definitely don't get the heavy duty vibe from this machine, I have made it go over 6 layers of fabric before. It makes a louder sound, but it does not tangle or break the needle.
I would recommend buying additional bobbins."
I had never used a sewing machine in my life but always wanted one and i got this one for Christmas and i absolutely love it. It was so easy to get started with just a little help from the user manual.
"I have been given so many sewing machines that were ""used"" or shall I say someone elses junk, that just never would work right. When I finally decided to buy myself a new one the Brother XL2600I stood out as an easy to use for beginers, but also just right for someone who has the experience. I want to mention first that the machine is awesome! I have never had the chance to use a new one. It is so easy to get started, the directions are clear, it runs quietly and feels like quality material. I would suggest this for anyone who wants to sew. Once I get a little more used to it I know my 9 yr. old daught wants to learn how to use it as well. I can't wait!<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Brother-XL2600I-Sew-Advance-Sew-Affordable-25-Stitch-Free-Arm-Sewing-Machine/dp/B000F7DPEQ/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Brother XL2600I Sew Advance Sew Affordable 25-Stitch Free-Arm Sewing Machine</a>"
I just received my Brother XL2600i sewing machine. i have always gotten frustrated sewing in the past because of great detail to get anything done. This machine is very easy to understand and more heavy duty to work with than what i had expected. my grandson that is 8 years old enjoyed it too. this may open up a whole new hobby for us to enjoy.  thank you much!!
This Brother sewing machine replaced a Singer that had been a problem for some time. This Brother does everything well and the instructions are easy to follow. This was a great purchase that met all my simple sewing needs.
"The machine is just ok, but the instruction
manual is terrible.  I am college educated with
excellent comprehension ability but the
instruction manual for this machine
(especially for a complete novice),
is difficult and hard to follow.

I wouldn't recommend this model to a friend."
"Overall this is a fairly good machine.

PROS:
The regular and decorative stitches held their consistancy a lot better than the more expensive Brother model and it was not necessary to change feet for different stitches.
Price.

CONS:
However...that darned 'ol buttonhole thing was doing its aggravation to me and jamming as it did in the more expensive Brother model.
This time I called Brother and they tried to help me over the phone.  That did not work. Next I took it to a Brother service center. After working with it and having difficulty as I did with the buttonholer, the service man was finally able to ""tweek"" it a bit and the buttonholer worked.  Well, somewhat.  One side was beautiful but the other side of the buttonhole used less thread and did not look so good. That effort in itself took going over the buttonhole twice. Also, he told me it was a ""cheap"" machine and I could expect no better. (Of course, he had some much more expensive Singers and Janomes for sale at his shop!!!Naturally I tried them out and liked the more expensive computerized ones, who wouldn't?)
After getting it home, it still gave me problems with the buttonhole thing.  Thinking operator difficulty??? I really hate to admit that!
Why all this focus on a buttonholer? I like to make my little ""let me do it myself"" granddaughter , 4 yrs., clothes with buttons so she can dress herself rather than zippers that require someone else to help.
Plus,  it should just work and not be so difficult!!!
Well, I am going to look at some Singer models this week and depending on the overall picture, might be sending this one back."
This was an excellent buy.  I've sewn a long time with more expensive machines and needed one where I stay in the winter.  This was a perfect one to get.  Easy to use and stitching looks great.
"I asked for this machine from my boyfriend for a christmas gift.  I'm 25 and the last time I used a sewing machine was in 7th grade for home ec.  I am interested in making tshirt quilts and random bags for fun.  Maybe some curtains if I feel ambitious.  Anyhow, the instructions were somewhat helpful.  Some parts were really clear and others could have used some work.  However, I played with the machine for a while and ripped up some of my boyfriends old shirts to try working with, and quickly figured it out.  One complaint I have is that sometimes when I start to press on the foot pedal my thread comes undone from the needle and I spend quite a bit of time rethreading it.  Although, now that i've done it so many times it isn't that bad.  I would say this is a great machine for a starter, i've made two reversable bags so far, and i'm looking forward to using the machine to quilt."
"I was a bit disappointed not with the product, but with the way it was shipped.  This was a christmas present for my daughter and when it arrived on our doorstep in the factory box, it took away the surprise element for christmas.  The sewing machine itself is great."
"Shipping was very quick.  Free and here within 5 days.  Easy set up and directions very clear.  Had it up and running within the hour.  You might also wish to purchase
a starter kit with threads.  Also great price and seems to be good quality."
"1ST MACHINE - TAPE PULLED OFF THE NUMBERS NEAR THE BROTHER LOGO AND ON THE DIAL AFTER UNBOXING - COSMETICALLY DEFECTIVE
2ND - BOBBIN/TENSION DOES NOT WORK -ALWAYS ENDS UP MANGLED OR LOWER BOBBIN THREAD IS VERY LOOSE
3RD MACHINE and FINAL - BOBBIN/TENSION DOES NOT WORK - AFTER ATTACHING QUILTING FOOT - DESTROYED MY PROJECT  - AFTER 4TH TRY OF TRYING TO STIPPLE WITH THIS MACHINE - I GAVE UP!
IT'S GOING BACK

GREAT FOR BEGINNERS OR LIGHT SEWING BUT EVENTUALLY YOU'LL HAVE THESE PROBLEMS WITH THIS MACHINE"
"I've been learning how to sew, and I thought a beginner machine would be perfect; if sewing didn't pan out for me, then little love lost, right? However, I have taken to the hobby. Unfortunately, the sewing machine has not taken to me. A machine that jams is like a rifle that misfires: is it any wonder I hesitate to charge in?

This doesn't appear to be a personal problem; even experienced seamstresses occasionally jammed, and struggled to untangle the thread underneath. My hypothesis is that this is an analogy machine (indicated by the stitch-selection knobs) and not a digital one. Digital machines, in any industry, tend to are the way to go."
"<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Brother-XL2600I-Sew-Advance-Sew-Affordable-25-Stitch-Free-Arm-Sewing-Machine/dp/B000F7DPEQ/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Brother XL2600I Sew Advance Sew Affordable 25-Stitch Free-Arm Sewing Machine</a>
I bought this machine to be able to do some free motion quilting since the old (circa 1970) Singer I have didn't have some of the settings I needed to be able to try this (no feed dog adjustment or cover, stitch length did not adjust to 0).  Set up is very easy, I don't have any problems with the manual having Spanish, I'm not sure why people took off their ratings for that.  Just read the English and then skip to the next step.  Auto-threader is great and easy to use.  I haven't had any problems loading the bobbin as some other reviewers have stated *but* I have on several occasions been sewing along and suddenly have a jam that leads to multiple threads coming out of bobbin compartment instead of just one.  Each time it has happened I have had to re-thread the TOP thread, not the bobbin.  I don't understand how or what is happening there, as it will sew fine for a long time before this takes place.  Other than this problem, which I'm not sure I'm not causing somehow, the machine is very good, especially for what I paid (was $80 at time of purchase). As someone who just took up sewing again after a 20 year break, it was extremely easy to use from the minute I took it out of the box."
"Granted, I'm comparing this with my primary machine which is the Brother CS-6000i and that's about twice the price, but I was disappointed in this product. We bought it for our 9 year old for Christmas as a machine for her to learn to sew on. Two primary complaints.

1. There's no speed adjustment, and since this is often purchased for beginners as noted on many reviews, this is a HUGE issue. It goes WAY too Fast for a new sewer that's just learning to control the speed. Mine has 3 speeds and the slow speed is perfect for her. In fact, this is such a disappointment, I would have returned it if it were easier to fit back into the box.

2. The bobbin receptacle is fritzy and likes to get tangled. Could be user error, but mine is FAR superior. I've been using that one for 2 years and never had a problem.

All in all, I'd highly recommend spending another $40 or so to get adjustable speeds if you're learning."
"This is my first sewing machine. I was interested in learning mainly to save money on things like curtains and pillow covers. This machine is easy to use and has great features. The only problem was when my lower thread would attach to the material correctly, and no matter what I did, I couldn't fix the problem...until I read another reviewer's comment about how to fix it!

http://www.amazon.com/review/R3QCLHU31S9527/ref=cm_cd_pg_oldest?ie=UTF8&cdForum=Fx1P4PIKS19I1QW&cdPage=1&asin=B000F7DPEQ&store=arts-crafts&cdSort=newest&cdThread=Tx1N7RE6ZCXXMTX#wasThisHelpful

So if you read that review, and you know how to avoid that one problem, then this machine will work great for you. I think sewing will be a lot more fun for me now that I know how to fix that one hiccup. :)"
It's easy to use except the bobbin is hard to wind. I've sewed practice stitches and made 3 pillows already. And I really like it.
We bought this sewing machince for our daughter.  It was very easy to set up and to start sewing a project right away.  It offers you a lot of choices as far as stitches goes.  Very please with our purchase and would recommend this to anyone who is just starting to learn how to sew.
My daughter found this easy to use and amazing.  It was worth its value .... ..... ..... ..... ..... ..... ..... .... ..... ..... ...... ...... ......
I bought this little machine for my wife for christmas and all I can say is it's a great little machine. it does everything and more than she needed to do and the shipping was great it was free and arrived really really fast.
I bought this for my 12 year old daughter who wants to start sewing.  Once we got the hang of threading the machine it was very easy to use.  She's already made a couple of simple projects and will be taking a beginner sewing class soon.
"I gave this machine as a Christmas gift to my daughter who has never sewn before.
She is doing ok learning with the help of the guide and a few other how to books I purchased for her.  There are a few features that sound great but as I'm not using it I can't really comment.
However, my daughter likes it."
"Agree with the others who've had problems with jamming threads. I followed the helpful suggestions of others, yet it still jams just trying to do a simple straight stitch. It shouldn't be this hard."
This machine was bigger than I thought it would be which is good. I love it. I've made two blankets and an apron already and I've never sewn before. Great machine. I did have a friend come over and show me a few things first. Comes with attatchments very nice I highly recommend. Can't say enough good things.
"Although I bought it off of ebay, refurbished, straight from the user ""EasyTerms""
(who I would gladly recommend anyway! Wonderful service online and through phone!
 They even allow returns, and help you with your product fixing and such)
*cough* Sorry for the off-topic.

Wonderful little machine, I haven't gotten far with it yet, but its doing its job.

I mean, if I had more money, I would get a ""Janome Gem Gold"" instead, but for a beginner like me, this is a great little learning tool thing. xD

I'm planning on keeping it around for a year or so, and learn with it,and make some costumes... and hopefully get better enough to get the one I want. *_*

Hehhh... So yes! I think this is a good machine. I recommend it.
(and I'll update as much as I can about it! ^^
*crosses fingers* I hope it lasts a while...I mean it looks sturdy!))

If anyone needs help threading/bobbin I'll be glady to put a video up on how to!
(( I think the instruction booklet was confusing... I got the help of another experienced sew person xD I'm never good at those...))

Good luck everyone! hehe.

MAKE -ALL- OF THE THINGS!!"
"Decided to forgo a Black-Friday-cheaper, less versatile machine and am very glad I did. This is perfect for a newbie, yet has enough features to experiment with for some time.  I stitched together big University-themed pillows for sons and hemmed a pair of jeans already. Very clear instructions - I was sewing in minutes.  The free arm feature and the selection of extra feet has already proven useful."
"We bought this machine for out daughter in law overseas.  Immediately we made several small projects, one even by our 7 year old grand daughter.  It sounds a little clunky but the stitching was perfect and everyone loved the self threading option. Haven't done much with the many many fancy stitch options but try them but they were easy to use.  It is a great economical machine."
"The sewing machine itself is super awesome! I love it! The only thing I'm not use to is the presser-foot. I'm use to a more sensitive machine, so it's strange having to push down a lot to get it to start going. I've replaced the presser foot with my old (and more sensitive) foot and it's perfect!"
"I got this sewing machine for Christmas last year and have loved it. It was perfect for learning on. The threading/bobbin is easy. I was able to pick it up right away after having been intimidated by learning to sew my whole life. It also has a super simple button hole maker, which is also something I was intimidated by initially.

The only downside is, it is hard to sew through a lot of fabric to make padded items or through thick fabric. Overall, I think it was the perfect machine to learn on."
"I bought this machine to learn/reteach myself to sew and have found it to be a good machine. I have no tried all of the different stitches which is why I didn't mark it as 5 stars but what I have used has all worked great. I didn't find threading the machine to be a problem like a lot of people have stated, but it does have a bit of 0-60 with the speed. I found that holding it at a lower speed with foot pedal (needle won't move for a while) and slowly pushing in more speed when it will start up at a decent speed but you have to be willing to listen to the machine make some revving sounds, if you want it to go when you hit the pedal.. it will shoot off into the stratosphere like people here were commenting on. Overall though very happy with the machine it's small enough to not take up my entire table and so far has done everything I have asked of it."
"I accidentally broke my other new sewing machine by dropping it and ordered this new Brother as my backup to finish sewing my curtains.  I thought my other machine worked well, but now that I have the Brother XL2600I, I'm happy about having to replace the old one.  This thing is great!"
"This machine is GREAT. Everything is spelled out and very user-friendly. It comes with a nice directional book, LOTS OF PICTURES. Everything you really need to get started is in the first few pages. It goes on to talk about how to use a gathering or quilting foot, which was really helpful! I hadn't sewn for a while so it was nice to see that they explained which stitches were best for certain projects or fabrics. It has never jammed or anything. I have had no problems with the lower threading. The accessories that come with it are great. I haven't gone through all of them yet, but I noticed a screwdriver, extra needles, bobbins, different feet, a few extra bobbins, and a few other really helpful things. I grew up sewing on a 30 year old singer, so the bobbin and lower threading system were amazingly simple to me. You just wind the bobbin and drop it in, slide the thread back and your're done. I bought this on Cyber Monday on an impulse, and I am SO glad I did. I use it all the time. Just take a quick read through the directions when you get it, and you're off!"
"Sewing machine is lightweight, easy to use and so far has handled the different types of materials I have sewed with no problems. The built in light has a lot to desire, the first time I used the machine I thought the light had burnt out and learned the light is just very dim.  The needle threader is nice for people with difficult seeing the eye of the needle.  Would buy this product again/"
"I bought this sewing machine to use for making window curtains. It is so easy to work with,it sew beautiful,it is good for both beginners and professionals.shipping and handling was accurate."
"This machine is easy to use.

Quit sewing for a few years but picked it up again and this machine is good for a start up again.

Great run for my money, despite the confusing instructions.

I love sewing again."
"I have been using this machine for few months now. The positive thing with this one is very light weight and easy to use. The main issue is it cannot handle easily the thicker cloths like jeans etc. Since we cannot control or change the bobbin thread tension in this machine, sometime the stiching is not so great in the bottom side. Otherwise its good for very light use purpose."
This is your basic intermediate machine!  It was an upgrade for me from an older Brother machine.  It works great and has been easy to use.
"I grew up with an outdated Singer and once I moved out of my parents house, it was time to get a new machine.  I went with this one because of the price and multiple stitching options. It is the perfect size and fits into a small space.

It was really easy to learn how to thread the needle but I was a little confused with the horizontal bobbin. I figured it out and have been in love since!"
I've had my machine for about a month and it has already made my sewing projects easier and faster.  Everything is so simple to use.  I haven't had a chance to try the buttonhole maker yet but am looking forward to using it.  I recommend this machine as a very simple and basic machine and yet it can do a lot.  I found the price to be very good also.
"I had the Brother basic sewing machine for a few years and although I loved it, I decided to upgrade to this model for the automatic needle threader.  I'm older (64) and it's very hard for me to thread a needle nowadays.  The auto threader worked great, once I figured out how to do it.  It took a number of tries, but I finally got the hang of it.  As for the rest, I'm afraid this machine is just too complicated for me and the directions too difficult to follow.  I just do basic sewing, straight stitch and zigzag being the only two stitches I use.  It took me over an hour to figure out how to just get a simple straight stitch.  And after another hour this morning, I still haven't figured out how to get a simple zigzag stitch.  If you are like me, and just do some basic sewing, this machine is probably not for you.  I've written down the codes for a simple straight stitch and I'll go back and keep trying to find the zigzag and write that down, too.  The directions just aren't clear with far too many options and dials to configure.  When you have to set three different dials just to sew a straight seam, the machine was made too complicated for the average user.  I'm keeping the machine, because I donated my old one and I'll keep trying to find the stitches I need, but if you're wondering if the auto needle threader was worth this hassle, it's definitely not!  I just wish I hadn't donated my old machine."
"Purchased from Amazon, great speedy delivery at normal shipping rate.  (free)

Purchased for wife as a birthday gift.  Wanted a basic machine for occasional sewing.  Has had more complex machines and lots of sewing experience.  Says she is pleased w/ Sew Advance so far.  Does advise to read and follow manual to get used to the machine and it's adjustments.

Also, Amazon has a very good price on machine and shipping was free.

~kb"
"A prompt to advise no case is included but offered would have been nice.
THis sewing machine is simple to use for a novice seamstress.  I only sew occassionally and it has all the functions I was looking for. Great for the price point"
"I'm a beginner sewer, when I bought this I wasn't even that.  So I went for something cheap which had decent enough reviews at the time.  Better than some little hand held thing.  Wouldn't make me go broke but would be a real machine.

It's done it job.  I've had it about two and half years as I write this.  Being a non sewer / upgrading to beginner, I'm sure I've abused it as I learned how much material it can handle, how long one needle can last, etc.  I can't complain on that level.

I can complain in that the tension has been so very picky from day one.  I thought at first that maybe it was me not knowing what I was doing but as I got used to it and read up, I don't think so.  I can have the exact same fabric and types of thread down to the same brand but I go to switch colors, and it gets all moody and seems to realize I switched -- something on it and wants me to play around with it.  It gets a little moody at times when winding bobbins - out of the blue, not every time.

Overall, it's an okay machine, and affordable.  Not knowing if I'd want to sew, I choose well.

Knowing now I want to keep playing around with it, well if I could go back I'd have chosen something a little higher up on the sewing machine food chain so to speak, even though it would have cost me more."
"As a beginner this machine fit all my needs.  It was basic to learn and I was able to learn more stitches with this machine.  Simply put, Great machine."
"This sewing machine is great for a beginner. I just started sewing and had no idea what to really do. I however got mentored by my mum using this machine and it is great to use. Been using it for three months and I can now make skirts, blankets and baby bedding. Great price and so good for first timers!"
"As the title says, I could never get this to work.  Called Brother tech support and was told to simply return it.  After repeating the experience with another identical machine, I had the same result. YMMV, though.  If you do buy it, BE SURE to use ONLY the bobbins that came with the machine.  Other bobbins look the same, but trust me---they're not!"
"I love it.  It was my own birthday present that I had wanted for more than 20 years.  I do not know how to sew via machine and never have tried.  However, the manual and guide were so simple and direct that setting up and using were very simple.  I have tried different stitches too.  The machine is solid; well made, with easy parts and handling.  Great for a first time beginner with no experience.  I have hemmed and made a pair of pants so far.  Not too mention the price couldn't be more fitting."
"I had another brand of machine that I bought less than 5 years ago and never wanted to take it out because I disliked using it.  The Brother machine is an amazing machine, especially for it's price.  I don't sew a lot--some alterations and doll clothes.  It's easy to use and exactly what I need.  I love it!"
"This is my first ever sewing machine.  My in-laws got it for me last Christmas (I had it on my wishlist) and I love it!  I have used it so far mostly to make rugs and baby blankets and its handled fairly well.  I love that it is very light and has a little ""handle"" carrying hole, which has been very useful!  I do agree with some other reviewers that it has too many options and fancy stitches that I don't personally care about, but I just don't use them! :) I look forward to continuing to learn and grow as a seamstress using this machine! :) I would definitely recommend this machine, especially to those who are new to sewing and just need something inexpensive."
This was a wonderful beginner machine. I have just done some basic sewing but it works great! The tension is a bit touchy but easy to fix and keep going. Would highly recommend for the price.
"I purchased the sewing machine for small repairs, hems, buttons, rips and such. And it works well for me. It's compact and easy to use."
"I'm very impressed!  As a real, never-touched-a-sewing-machine-before beginner, I was a bit worried that I wouldn't be able to figure out how to setup the thing.  I was especially worried about troubleshooting the tensions issues written about here. But I just set it up and did some simple things with it without any problems.  The manual helps with basic setup instructions and I'm sure I'll get more use out of it as I learn how to sew.  The troubleshooting guide is useless.  Problem: bobbin wasn't threaded properly.  Reason: you didn't thread the bobbin properly.  Solution: thread the bobbin properly.  But other than that, I'm very happy with the machine and the price!"
"This is an amazing sewing machine,love the features and very precise stitching and great button hole maker,I HIGHLY RECOMMEND this machine to anyone who's interesting in learning how to sew,weather is advance or beginner----FIVE STAR SEWING MACHINE*****"
"This sewing machine was a birthday gift for my daughter.  The machine worked fine from the start. If the English and Spanish directions were separated, I would give this machine 5 stars. The directions were annoying. We had no trouble winding the bobbin, threading the unit or setting the tension.  I would purchase it again."
I really like my new sewing machine.  The instructions are easy to follow and I was sewing in no time at all.  This product offers everything you need to get started!
"This machine is my first. I'm a novice at best- at first there are a few things to figure out, how to thread the top, the auto threader, the bobbin placement, etc. My advice= you tube- there are some excellent videos there that walk you step by step through it all. I am very pleased with the machine, it is everything that I wanted and seems like it will offer a lot of ability, but not so much technical stuff that it would be difficult for someone like me to figure it out. Great machine, great price."
"I am an intermediate user with sewing machines. I purchased this machine as an affordable alternative to hand-sewing straight stitches while working to modify the fit of my son's costume. I read reviews about this machine and was concerned with the lower bobbin thread bunching up or tangling. Well, shortly after receiving my machine, I set it up and went over the basic controls. Threading route is very easy, and the needle threader tool is not necessary. Before you start, you need to have some scrap cloth of what you are sewing to calibrate your upper thread tension.  There is no lower thread tensioner for the bobbin as you must adjust your upper tension based on the thickness of the cloth you are sewing.  Once I was able to ""lock in"" on the upper tensioner, the stitches came out even on both sides. I also read that some users state its too fast but with the pedal, I easily actuated the spindle speed to where I could stop the needle where I needed it for those 90 degree rotations. The machine is capable of 25 stitches to include button holes, and comes with several accessories like different foots, extra needles and bobbins.  A good value overall for someone who is a sewing hobbyist like myself. As far as the review goes, I am in no way comparing this to a $200 or $600 sewing machine. I am reviewing it based on the $90 I paid and giving this product 5 stars based on what I expected for the price I paid."
"de verdad estoy contento con la adquisici&oacute;n, ya que da mucho mas de lo que vale, todas sus funciones elegible funcionan bien, y el manejo para el principiante es aceptable mientras tenga por lo menos un apoyo visual con un v&iacute;deo de youtobe, mi calificaci&oacute;n de cuatro puntos es por la utilizaci&oacute;n de muchas piezas pl&aacute;sticas donde a mi percepci&oacute;n necesitar&iacute;a piezas de metal, esto lo hace menos resistente pero mucho mas liviano. A! y ojo con el embobinado de los carretes ya que tiene que tener la tensi&oacute;n adecuada y lo consigues haciendo exactamente lo que te dice el manual..."
I received my new sewing machine only a few days after I ordered it. The box came packaged very well and when I took the machine out it was in perfect condition. So far as i begin to learn how to sew this machine has done very well for me. I haven't had any trouble with it. Great instructions on how to thread and what everything does. I am very happy with my purchase.
"Having never used a sewing machine before, I bought the Brother XL26000I in hopes of learning the basics.  This was easy to use and beginner friendly.  I followed the included directions, and wa-la it worked!!  Really, all I wanted was something to sew straight lines (I'm making curtain panels), and this gave me the confidence to do that and more.  For someone that does a lot of sewing, this machine may be limited, but for basic projects, it's perfect!"
"If you want to experience never ending problems, disappointment, and frustration including bad service support; invest in a Brother home sewing machine!!!!

Having used a industrial Brother machine a decade ago, I though their home sewing machine would be as trustworthy. WRONG!!!!!! I used the machine 3 times and then the issues start. The tension would not set no matter what I tried! I contacted Brother and followed their instructions to the letter. I even had it serviced (for which I had to pay myself even though the machine was less than 6 months old). The problem reappeared almost immediately. And since the service center is 3 hours away I was stuck.
At this point even paying the shipping to have it sent back to Brother (for a repair since they won't replace it) is an insult to injury.

I repeat: DO NOT Waste your money on this hunk of junk machine!"
"I have been sewing for over 50 years and have gone through a lot of machines.  I bought this machine as a gift for my adult daughter who is now interested in sewing for her young family.  This is a great starter machine. Seems heavy duty enough for her lighter needs.  It probably is not the best choice if you are an advanced, serious seamstress. Great for sewing curtains, quilt tops and mending clothes. It arrived sooner than expected and arrived as described. Happy with the service and the product.
Comment Comment  Permalink"
What amazing value this machine is.  It a terrific solution for basic sewing machine applications and I am pleased that I bought it.
"I have now purchased three of these (one for me and two for friends) because they are so great!

Easy to use, simple to thread and seems to be an all purpose machine. I've been able to make several different things from aprons to receiving blankets to curtains and pillows and all have turned out great! No tension problems, no frustrating threading or bobbin-winding as I have experienced with other machines.

I would highly recommend this for beginning crafters!"
"I bought this sewing machine just so I could sew up my Halloween Costumes.  I'm a real Halloween nut, so I go all out every year.  This year, I decided to make my own costumes... Only problem was, I didn't have a sewing machine.  So, I found this one.  It's cheap.  It's practical. This machine is very basic, and very easy to use.  I absolutely fell in love with it after the first usage, truthfully, I use it on a daily basis now.  Great product!  Definitely deserves the five stars!"
I am so pleased with my purchase and the time it took to get here was amazing.  I hardly had to wait at all.
"I'd been very clumsy around sewing machines since I was younger, so I thought I'd never own one. The only reason I'd need a sewing machine is that I can no longer get my long pants' inseams hemmed for $1 each pair, since I moved to the U.S. Everyone here is all about DIY, so I gathered all my courage to purchase this based on the good reviews. It's a great buy! Very easy to get started though I have zero experience. The manual is extremely helpful, very detailed and basic. I think Brother did a great job! I agree with other people that the Spanish instructions right after almost very line in English are very distracting, but it's nice if you want to refresh your high-school memory. :)"
"I wasn't sure about this purchase, having never used a sewing machine before. But now I'm a convert for sure! Once I figured out how to thread it, which really wasn't that hard, it's worked just fine for me, and I am a novice ""seamster"", if that's the correct word. I've used it for a number of projects, and in the few short weeks I've owned it, it has paid for itself. Impressively it worked just fine on a rather thick fabric, duck cloth, as well as regular thickness material. I love the needle threading mechanism, amazingly easy and perfect for those of us with less than perfect close vision."
"The first machine I bought about 5 years ago had everything, too much of a learning curve and everything was difficult. From changing needles, bobbins, presser feet, etc. I had to buy the manual seperately, with the other one! With this machine I was up and running immediately. Easy to change needles, presser feet (a snap in/out)  I am making a quilt and it is making it fun again.  I highly recommend this sewing machine.  I only wish they would have put the manual into sections, one for English and one for Spanish instead of combining them together."
"Desde hace algun tiempo estaba con la inquietud de aprender a coser, y ahora me decid a hacerlo... despues de comparar las diferentes maquinas de coser, me decidi a comprar la Brother XL2600I y estoy muy contenta con mi decision, pues es muy facil de usar, liviana y sencilla, ademas viene con sus instrucciones en espaol :) .Ya estoy en practica y he hecho 2 delantales que quedaron lindos. Pronto comprare otros accesorios para mi maquina pues voy a seguir experimentando..."
"When I got this machine, I was pretty hesitant. As a preteen, I had a Singer Tiny Tailor.  It was terrible, and I developed a sewing machine phobia.  Eventually I started up again with a little basic White brand machine. My mom offered to buy me a full size machine for christmas 2010 when she saw that I was really sewing stuff with my one-stitch option machine. I read hundreds of reviews about machines in my price range. I didn't know anyone who had a machine in my price range that I could as for input from, so I probably spent two weeks deciding based on reviews from various websites. The Brother xl-2600i has mostly good reviews, but the reviews that are bad are really bad.  It looked better than Singer, though, and came with more stitch options. I've recently had the opportunity to use two different models of the Singer Inspiration line. Truthfully, I much prefer my machine.
I love this machine. We have such a good relationship that I rarely mend buttons by hand anymore because my beloved Brother will do it for me! 25 stitch functions for the price is amazing! Truthfully, I don't use most of them very frequently, but having them is nice.  This machine is very easy to use. Unlike the Singer Inspiration line, this machine is exceptionally easy to thread (top and bottom). It has a needle threader, but I never use it so I can't comment on its effectiveness. The one-step button hole has always worked perfectly for me. I've read some reviews that say that this machine does not work well with a variety of bobbins. Well, I'm a devout thrifter, and I've probably used six different bobbins of various ages with the machine and they've all worked fine.
The machine can definitely handle a lot.  I've used it for everything from dress making to industrial sewing jobs (bookbags) where I have to sew through many layers.  This machine holds up like a champion.
My only real complaints are: shirring and oiling.  Brothers tend not to shir well, but I bought a separate bobbin casing to have one with a higher tension for elastic thread.  As far as oiling goes, I am pretty sure that 9 months into our relationship, my machine could use some oil. Except, it didn't come with any and I'm not sure how I would go about doing it without taking it in somewhere. However, neither of these are seriously unfixable issues. I'll probably take my machine in for service at a year, anyways.  All machines need regular maintenance to keep them at the top of their game.
All in all, this machine is NOT a miracle machine.  However, for the price it's quite the pleasant surprise. I will probably be a dedicated Brother sewist for the rest of my sewing life.  I'm looking into buying a serger around this coming christmas.  I plan on getting a Brother."
The recient purchase was a great buy and is very easy to use iam very happy with it thank you for selling a great product
"I bought this machine about two months ago, it was my first sewing machine. I have used it to make several items of children's clothing and stuffed animals - it has worked great for me and I am very happy with it. It has some limitations: doesn't really like very thick or heavy material, speed control takes a little while to master; the one step buttonhole is great but takes some practice. However, it is a awesome little machine for the price bracket. I love it, and have been very happy with my purchase. You have to decide what features you need in a machine, if this one doesn't have those you may want to look for a different model. But, if you just need an inexpensive simple machine with some really nice extras, then this would be my suggestion!"
Nice sewing machine with several options considering the price point. Perfect for a novice like me. I'd recommend this for the beginner or maybe even someone with some experience.
"Considering I've never sewn before this was a pretty handy machine to get. It's easy to understand what stitch I'm using, and the presser foot gives it good control of speed. I do wish it was easier to manage the back and forth process, since I sometimes end up using my chin to press the toggle switch- at least it's very responsive to that kind of pressure."
"Wanted a machine for basic sewing. I do a lot of sewing but nothing fancy. This is a great machine for the price. It's easy to use, quiet and fast. I have a little trouble with the self threader and find it is easier to just thread it on my own. But that could just be me not being very technical. Would recommend this machine."
"This seems to be good value for money so far, although all I have used the machine for so far is for mending and sewing a few simple curtain panels.  I like all the accessories that came with it, but have not had a chance to use them all to comment on how they are.  The needle threader is a great addition.  Like another reviewer noted, I was accustomed to the presser foot lever being at the back, rather than the inside.  I too have had some problems with the bottom thread looping, but I will try what another reviewer suggested about making sure it's seated properly in the spring and see how that works.  My aim is to take a sewing course soon, so I can then give a better evaluation on my purchase :)"
"The Brothesr sewing machine is easier to thread and operate than my former sewing machine, The manual is very specific, but I would like the Spanish translations to be in a separate section, rather than interposed. Diagrams easy to follow."
"I love this machine! This is the perfect beginner sewing machine. This machine is easy-to-use, durable, and just plain adorable. XL-2600i is so easy to thread with the built in threader. I love the colors... teal and dark blue. My only complaint is the instruction manual is a tad bit confusing (the pictures aren't that clear) But there are lots of videos on [...] that explain how to use this machine if you are confused."
I bought this to sew patches onto scout uniforms after my old and much more expensive machine broke.  This machine is easy to use and sewed through very thick patches.  I am not an advanced sewer so this is perfect for me.
"I am so happy I got this sewing machine! It is my very first and works great, has lots of accessories and the price was spectacular! Really easy to use, I have done around 5 projects with it and I just love it! The instructions were a little hard to understand, maybe that's because I had no experience at all with a sewing machine and had to learn all the terms and all the names for the parts and all, but once I got all that down it was really easy!
Would definitely recommend this!
Oh! And it arrived a few days early from the scheduled delivery date! Yay!!!!"
"I had a Singer machine that was over 40 years old.  I decided that a new one was in order.
This is just what I needed.  It works fine and has great options that work for me.
The instruction booklet is very easy to understand.
If you need more than just a basic machine, this is one that you should consider purchasing.
The price was similar to other sites and I got it from Amazon because I have never had a problem with anything that I have purchased in the past.
You just can't go wrong with the machine and purchasing it from Amazon."
"This is a great little machine.  I bought it to take with me on extended overseas trips to work on some quilts.  It sews wonderfully and is very lightweight (a plus when travelling).  I couldn't be happier with it, and would venture to say that it sews every bit as good as my Baby Lock or Viking machines.  It just doesn't have all the bells and whistles.

I have one CON for it.  When sewing multiple layers, it complains very LOUDLY.  Other than that, I would highly recommend this machine for anyone who travels and for beginners."
"It was pretty easy to figure out with the instruction manual.  I think I had trouble with tension and threading the bottom bobbin but once I figured that out it is a piece of cake to use.  Honestly, this machine probably has a lot more functions than I would ever need.  It seems sturdy and will last for a long time.  Overall I am happy about this purchase.  I researched a few other machines and this one seemed like the best for the money."
"I've only had this machine for a month.  ONE month.  And in the middle of a project, the lower thread started to tangle.  I've replaced the bobbin, made sure it caught on the spring, etc., etc.  I've read the manual, opened up the plates.  Nothing.  This is not worth the time or the stress.  I'm changing brands."
"I have had this sewing machine for 5+ years. I've made dog clothes, dog/cat beds, an applique quilt, and a few small things like cat toys and small stuffed animals. I'm definitely still a beginner but I have had minimal problems with this sewing machine in the time I've had it. I love the fact that the directions for threading the machine, threading a bobbin and replacing the empty bobbin are written right on the machine. I lost the manual a while ago and have been able to look at it to refresh my memory. The only issue I had was while using the zig zag stitch, it would sometimes do two zig zags and then one to two straight stitches. I'm not sure if that was user error or the machine's error. I'm upgrading to a Singer 7258 (for some added features and as a gift to myself) but am definitely going to keep this around for throwing it into the car to take to the family's place (we craft together a few times a year :)...)."
"I SENT ONE MACHINE BACK BECAUSE IT DID NOT HAVE MY NAME ON IT. BUT ONE DAY I WENT BACK TO AMAZON STILL LOOKING FOR A SEWING MACHINE. THIS BROTHER XL26001 CAUGHT MY EYE WITH A DROP IN BOBBIN,AND AN EASY THREADING SYSTEM. I WAS AFRAID TO JUMP IN AND DO IT OR WHAT? WELL I THREADED IT AND DROPPED IN MY BOBBIN. I MADE A DRESS WITHIN AN HOUR. WHAT MAKES IT FASTER IS ONE OF THESE BOBBIN WINDER WHICH I AM SURE AMAZON HAS SOME. THIS MACHINE IS MY CROWING GLORY-NOT ONE BROKEN THREAD. WITH AMAZON AND THIS MACHINE I FEEL SO HAPPY AND BLESSED."
"This machine measures out at 14.5"" long  x 12"" high x 6.75""  deep which is much wider and taller than stated in description. Super disappointed as I bought this machine in particular because of the dimensions being smaller than a full size machine.

I wanted a small, light, portable machine to fit in tiny spaces and move around easily. It is light and easy to lift but it is much larger than stated.
Otherwise it works okay for the price, an average machine. It has big oversized wheel for stitch selection and reverse button which is not very sleek looking."
"FIRST TIME USER> Very easy to use, plus the instructions puts your mind at ease.  However, it's a bit irritating that the thread breaks every 10 minutes and it doesn't work on some materials.  I love making costumes and since most of those fabrics are not cotton, I considered returning it.  I'm giving it a 3 because I kinda wish it had less functions too - all I need is to do basic stitching - perhaps I bought the wrong machine for my needs."
"We have had nothing but trouble with this machine from the very beginning. Repeated bobbin problems and tension problems. Just took it in for repair after having it about a year, because now we cannot sew at all with it, and our local shop says that this machine continually goes out of timing which means it won't sew. Of course, they sell a different brand and may be biased. Hopefully they will fix the dang thing and it will work correctly for awhile. Next time it screws up I am going to junk it and buy something completely different.

We are experienced seamstresses."
"I only do repair & not a lot of sewing, but so far, this machine has been really nice.  It's easy to use & I love it!!"
"I am a beginning sewer and purchased the machine after consulting my sister and several others. All seemed to think this sounded like a very good deal for a first machine and what I would use it for. Mostly mending and crafts and light things. I haven't done a lot yet, but so far this has been a good machine. I'm looking forward to learning to sew. I'm taking on a patchwork quilt... So far so good."
"I purchased this machine to use with a quilting group I am involved with.  I was a little hesitant to purchase it based on some of the reviews, but I must say I love it.  I have been sewing for years with a 30 year old Singer, but have pretty much set that machine aside to use the new Brother.  I have found the machine very easy to thread.  Much easier than my Singer.  It is very lightweight so easy to tranport to my quilting group.  Love the storage in the free arm case.  Don't need to worry about losing bobbins, presser feet or needles. I have not tried heavy fabric sewing yet, so I am not sure how that will work out, but I am very pleased with the machine thus far."
I was amazing surprised at the performance of this machine. The needle threader is the best thing I've seen on a sewing machine. Very lightweight. The presser foot lever is a little akward to use compared to my old machine. Lots of fancy stitches available that I will probably never use but the price was very good. The instruction manual would be better if two languages had not been combined; put english first then have spanish at back. I would recommend this machine to anyone looking for a new machine.
"I received my new sewing machine last week. I made a dress and bloomers for my daughter for my first project. Everything seemed to work okay, except when I was using elastic thread (my first time with that...) for the bloomers. The elastic thread gets hand wound onto the bobbin. The problem was that the lower thread (the elastic) was very loose and it wasn't doing what it was supposed to be doing (gathering the material). I did not blame this on the machine. Until today, when I started making a dress for myself. I grabbed some scrap material to sew a few rows to make sure the tension was correct. It was not, I had the same problems I'd had with the elastic- the bottom thread was loose. I stayed patient through the whole ordeal, trouble shooting along. When I felt like I had tried everything except for ""making sure the bobbin was inserted correctly"", I mean, come on, it's a drop in bobbin, what couldn't be done right? HA! Apparently it CAN be done wrong! After making sure the thread was going through the tension spring, everything went fine.
So all of you out there with the same tension problem should really be sure that the bobbin is perfect before deciding that the machine is a bust. Yes, it's cheap (ahem, I mean, inexpensive) but it really is a great machine if you take the time to get to know it!
-cece"
"I am happy I bought this item.

Provided with this product are free bobbins and needles - which is, no doubt great and comes very handy for the first few days.

However, I purchased two sets of products:
1. Brother SASEW8012 Machine Sewing Needles
2. Style SA156 Sewing Machine Bobbins for Brother - 10 Pack

which are very compatible with this machine and I would strongly recommend for serious sewing enthusiasts to buy.

The cons side: the manual is not so user friendly, would appreciate if there were some kind of pdf document of video for a manual supplementing this one."
"I repaired my old sewing machine last year; this year it needed the same repair, which cost very little less than a new machine.  So I am giving this one a try, and the old machine can go to whoever can fix it!

I want a sewing machine that will sewing straight and zig-zag stitches of various lengths.  That's all I need.  So this one does some things I will never use, but it is reasonably lightweight and from a reputable maker.

The instructions lack clarity in several areas.  The difficulty I had in adjusting the thread tension was primarily due to my uncertainty in threading the bobbin and getting it in place properly.  Only the upper thread has adjustable tension, but no matter what setting I used, the lower thread was too loose.  I finally got my sewing group together, and after a new needle, different thread, and suggestions/tryouts from several folks, I think we got the lower thread/bobbin into its proper place.

By the way, several people said it needed to be oiled.  The instruction manual never mentions oiling.  I learned that most new sewing machines do not require oiling.  It would be nice if Brother mentioned somewhere in their instructions that this machine does not require oiling.  I am assuming that I should not oil it; I hope I am right!"
I got this sewing machine after my son was born to sew some baby items for him. It is my first sewing machine and I am thrilled with it! It is super easy to use as a first time sewer. It offers enough options and yet not overwhelming. I was thrilled with the reviews I saw about it online and purchased it. I would recommend to others and I would consider purchasing another Brother sewing machine because of the quality of this one.
"I bought a $300 singer sewing machine before this and for a beginner sewer it was too high tech for me and broke within a year. This brother sewing machine is perfect for beginners because it's simple and effective. I don't do any fancy work but I have made curtains, cushions, art projects etc with this. I've also hemmed and fixed torn clothes eith this machine and I love it!"
This is really easy to understand except for the threading needle part which I had to watch a Youtube video on that but then I finally caught on! I really like this it's a good product for the price!
"very easy to use. I have alays had singer sewing machines, but wanted something more reasonabled priced.
It is a great machine for the money. not complicated at all.
I am using it for crafting and quilting. works great for both. I am very pleased with my purchase and recomend it highly."
"It came super fast, juts in time for my parents anniversary gift and they loved it! I don't know anything about sewing machines, but they said its perfect to do anything with it. Very handy, good size, great quality and price!"
The sewing machine arrived with a defective tension setting.  I worked with Brothers' Tech Support and was unable to resolve issue so I returned the machine.
"ACK!  Terrible waste of time and money.  I tried sewing on this machine for a month before sending it packing.  I had all kinds of thread tension issues and needles breaking.  I'm an intermediate sewer and I do know how to use a machine.  I read through the manual several times and  kept rethreading and re-winding the bobbin and trying everything I can think of to make it work... and it just didn't.  :(

I returned it (thank you, Amazon!) and instead ordered a Janome Threadbanger TB12 and am thrilled with how easy it is to use compared to the Brother.  It is a true workhorse and sews through anything for not much more money.  Totally worth it."
"This machine was great in that I was actually sewing within minutes. I plan to do mostly dressmaker sewing which I do just for myself. After using the machine I realized it would never be adequate for much decorator sewing which I enjoy also. It lacks the power for sewing through thicker fabrics. I sewed 2 Vikings into oblivion. Their much vaunted ""lifetime guarantee"" is meaningless if they can't provide parts for old machines, thus my interest in a cheaper machine. For what the Brother is designed for it is an excellent value."
This sewing machine is great.  I had an old one and this has nice features for an older person.  I especially like the needle threader. Easy to use.
"I love this sewing machine SO much! Although I am an expert with my grandmother's old 1950's single stitch machine, I rarely have to refer to the instruction booklet to figure out the options available to me on the Brother XL2600i. The self-contained tool storage area is a great idea - no searching an an hour for the buttonholer if you haven't used it in a while. The machine is also light and portable, so you can keep it in a closet and use it on the kitchen table if you don't have much space. The needle threader and drop in bobbin are a time-saving bonus. Only thing I would change is that the power and foot pedal cords could be a foot or so longer. Overall, I'd give it 4.99 stars out of 5!"
I was amazed by all the things this little machine offered. I have now sewn my first quilt with this machine. I absolutely love it. I used it for heavy use and no complaints or problems. I broke one needle (but it was my fault) but there were 4 backup needles included so it barely slowed me down. It handled layers with ease and all sorts of fabric. I'm a first time sewing machine user but I recommend it for any level.
This is a terrific and powerful little sewing machine that even someone who does not know anything about sewing can successfully use.
"My wife wanted a cheap sewing machine for just a few mends and odd jobs, so we got this--two years ago. Got a 10-minute refresher from my better half, and I was good to go.  It was easy for me, and I hadn't sewn for over 30 years. This weekend, we re-upholstered two sofas. That's right--thick upholsery material. We both did one.
On the thick upholstery material, I had to go slow sometimes (like over folded seams, where fabric is 4 pieces thick). For the rest of it, I could just hum along as usual.

Our experience speaks to its ease of use and durability. Having this tiny thing around is great. It's logged hundreds of hours on projects that we wouldn't have even conceived of had it not been around. In sum-- fun, simple, useful gadget that has paid for itself several times over already."
"I purchased this machine because I needed a sewing machine for my projects. They are simply clothing pieces, nothing involving heavy fabric like denim. When I first got this machine, it seemed to work perfectly. I needed to use a straight stitch and a zig-zag stitch for my first project. It worked fine for straight stitching, but then when I needed it to zig-zag stitch, changing the stitch dial would not work properly; I soon found out that the stitch dial would NOT work and would not change to any other stitch, and only straight-stitched despite the dial being on any other stitch setting. I looked in the product manual and thought I just needed to clean out the bobbin case... Nope. I took it in to my local sewing store and found out these types of machines were non-serviceable. That means you can't get it fixed... You can only return it. This happened only a WEEK after I started using it. So, once something's wrong -- it's useless. So I have to buy another machine now."
"I've had this machine for two years, and I use it on a weekly basis for small projects: baby clothes, household linens, basic mending and alterations. It's inexpensive and reliable--I've had no major problems with it, and replacement parts are easy to locate. It's easy to thread and easy to operate.

However, it's a very basic, not too sturdy machine. Yes, it has the extra stitches, but the type of sewing you can do on this machine probably isn't going to call for much in the way of fancy stitches. As another reviewer noted, it does not handle heavy fabrics well, and it doesn't handle knits very well, either. Fabric often feeds a little unevenly through the foot, leading to the occasional loose stitch or bunched fabric. The straight stitch is, to be honest, not quite as straight as it could be. If I were to do adult garment sewing or anything requiring a heavy fabric, I would probably invest in a more expensive machine.

Overall: For basic sewing, this machine is fine. I'm not sure if you can find a better machine at this price point, but affordable mediocrity is still mediocrity."
"I purchased this sewing machine to replace my Singer of over forty years that had died.  It is user friendly and will be the perfect machine for making Halloween costumes for the grand kids or completing simple household projects.  I especially like the clear and complete directions.  Well worth the money and I should have bought it ten years ago!  By the way, the self threader really works!!"
"I needed an extra machine which would allow me to hire help with a very important project. The Brother filled the need perfectly.  In fact, I am considering buying a computerized Brother, in the near future. My concern was buttonholes, and I was satisfied."
"We have a gool ol' singer---sturdy, steady and sure.  However, we couldn't carry it to a sewing class for my nine year old daughter.  So I bought this.  When it first arrived, we couldn't get the tension to work.  Our sewing instructor told us that with all machines the foot needs to be in the lower position in order to change the tension.  Works perfect!

Also, we couldn't figure out why the thread kept getting caught in the bobbin area when we finished a line of stictching.  Found out that it was because we were not finishing the stitch completely.  Needed to turn the dial toward us until the needle was fully raised. This completes the stitch and you can pull the thread nice and easy at that point. This is something I was never taught before.

My daughter uses this machine on a daily basis and loves it.  The stitches are nice, it runs smoothly, and works perfectly.  Haven't tried using it with thick material, but from what I have read, I will use a stronger needle for that purpose and it should work well.

I bought the machine for $79 on Amazon.  Two weeks later it was priced at $99.  Free shipping.  It arrived in a about a week's time and in great condition."
I just purchased this machine and am so far very happy with it. If you read the instructions it's fairly easy to set up. Many people were concerned about the bobbin set-up but I had no problems. I only plan to sew basic clothing patterns and make alterations and I see already that this machine is up to the task. What a pleasure and at such a fair price!
"I am not a heavy user but still need it for a few day to day fixes
For the price we paid and feature we got , it definately worth it"
"Received this sewing machine for Christmas, and although I have very limited sewing skills and have only ever used one other sewing machine, I have had ZERO problems using this sewing machine. I've already made several things, including a quiet book for my son, and a nursing cover which only cost me $4 to make (instead of $35 to buy). It's nice for people like me that can never remember how to thread the thing, because it has numbers on it, so you don't skip a step. Also, it has a needle threader, which is SO NICE!! Worth the money, perfect for beginners who plan on keeping it for a long time, or as a smaller back up machine for more experienced users."
"I am by no means a professional when it comes to using a sewing machine.  But, I love this machine!  It does exactly what I need.  I haven't had a single problem.  Easy to thread, and easy to wind a bobbin!  It's so simple to use!  The instruction manual is pretty good too, and not too hard to understand.  Just wish it came with it's own cover or case so my machine doesn't get dusty when it's not in use."
"I decided to take up sewing again, after many years.  Everyone said to obviously get a Singer.  I thought for the price, and because of the mostly 5 star reviews, I would try out Brother anyway.  I sewed on a couple buttons to try the button foot and I was pleased.  I went out and spent a lot of money creating a sewing kit and picking out fabric for my first project on my new machine.  75% of the way through the project (and after an hour of sewing) the machine stopped working correctly.  I re-threaded the bobbin multiple times, everything was good.  After taking off the top plate, I saw that the top thread was no longer catching where it should.  After research on fixing and consulting my grandma (a lifelong sewer), I determined that even if this is a fixable problem, no machine should break that soon.  To save myself countless hours of headaches in the future, I decided to return it immediately and purchased a Singer instead.  My grandma said that her Singer was doing the same thing last year and she finally had to repurchase one - AFTER 40 YEARS OF PERFECT USE.  Sorry Brother, your printer and fax machine that's sitting in our home office is okay, but I'm sticking with the pros (Singer) on this one."
"This machine is a high end machine for its price range. You will not be able to find a better machine for $80 dollars. It has tons of stich option which I'll probably never use, but it's nice to know I have the option. It has a self threader which takes a second to figure out but once you do it's really great to have it. I don't know how many times I've sat there getting frustrated because the thread wouldn't go in. I bought this machine because I wanted to start quilting again. I am a beginner so this machine was perfect. You won't get all the fancy quilting embroidery stuff of course but this gets a basic quilt done. I have already made one and now I'm on my second. The machine super easy to set up. The bobbin was a breeze to fill and install. Threading the machine was very easy shows the steps right on the machine. The only negatives I would say about this machine is that it does run a little louder than I expected. I came from using a 1960's singer to this so that was kind of surprising to me. Also when you are threading the bobbin, right under where you wrap in the thread you have to go a little further in theres a second little hook thing this will give your bobbin tension I missed when I was first setting it up and it's easy to do at first. Also when unboxing this thing  be careful about the tape on the front of the of the stich option dial. Pull it off really delicatly otherwise you will get bubbles in the plastic which was kind of a bummer to have that on my machine before I had even used it. However, all of my negative complaints have nothing to do with the way this machine performs, it does great in that way and is very high quality. Overall I highly recomend this machine. One of the best machines you can buy without spending hundereds upon hundreds of dollars. You have nearly no limitation to the things you can create with this machine from clothes to hand bags to blankets and quilts it can do it all. I'm planning on making everything for my baby when he arrives from his bed set and curtains to the Diaper bag and bibs should a lot of fun :)"
"My last 'new' machine was a very simple Janome I could not figure out how to make a buttonhole with. Before that was an ancient Kenmore that was quiet easy to use. Sadly, it was 40 years old. This machine is very simple to use once you read the manual. I can't emphasize how important this is - you can't use this machine effectively by just 'figuring it out'. The button holer, the thread system, the bottom bobbin are all new to me and Brother specific. You can't just buy generic bobbins with this - you must buy Brother specific bobbins which is a bit of a bummer as I have a crate of generics.

As for the tension - yes. It happens :) This is much easier to get right than any of my other machines. For people experiencing the looping bottom thread issue - it's because of the tension in the bottom bobbin. It happened to me, and yes I read the manual. After a slow re-read and carefully watching the direction of the thread feeding from the bobbin to the little notch-like thing, I got it right again. It's tricky, but easy. Another reason why reading the manual is important, although you have to weave your way through a lot of Spanish to do it.

The only other thing is that this machine is LOUD. It's kinda clunky-clanky with thicker materials, multiple layers. I have successfully use this with up to five layers of batting with insulation sandwiched in the middle. This was quite daunting when it folded back on itself (making a double layer) but easy enough if done slowly with equal pressure. I do admit some of the sound coming out of the machine had me worried. Nothing sprang loose, the tension didn't loosen up and the thread didn't unravel. So far, so good: this next one will be my fifth baby-quilt sized insulated pet bed. Try making one of these with the new insulated batting you can get at Joann's - my cat LOVES to lay on a simple cushion because her heat is reflected back at her. Here's hoping the dog doesn't eat hers!"
" sre. brother sewing machine. sus productos , son realmente buenos, , estoy muy  facinada con mi maquina de coser, brother, yo pot lo general uso  la marca brother, tengo una overlock, y es maraavillosos, los felicitos, espero que sigan cumpliendo conlas expectaticas de los clientes,, felicitaciones y sigan asi"
"I had it now for 2 weeks and love it. Easy to use for a novice like myself. I originally bought it for mending my clothes, but it was so easy to use going to try and make new shirts for me."
"I'm a beginner at sewing but my mom is not. She has started using this machine recently and even she has a bit of a hard time with it.

The manual doesn't really help, it even harder to figure out what to do when I can't decipher what the heck the manual is saying.

Also, we had to go through a bit of fabric to figure out how to get the stiches big enough to gather fabric.

All in all its an easy machine to use, I just with the manual was a little bit more user friendly and not full of jargon."
"I was a little concerned about using the machine, the tension, the bobbin. After reading the other reviews, I took care to follow the instructions (not how I usually just dive in).  This machine has worked really well for me.  I can hem pants and do the basic simple curtain and pillow projects for the house. My sons JUST HAD TO help me make something the very first day the machine arrived. My six year old was able to operate the machine with VERY CLOSE supervision to sew a straight seam for a doll's dress.  I have not quite figured out the different stitches, but I am delighted with this machine for the price.  The needle threader is AWESOME.  I can remember being irritated when I was a kid and Mom would interrupt my play to thread her needle. Now that I am OLD, I understand WHY she needed my help...and I can do it myself without since the needle threader works so well. If you buy this product, I highly recommend following the instruction manual for the first few times you use."
"I am very pleased with this product.  The Brother XL26001 Sew Advance Sew Affordable 25-Stitch Free-Arm sewing Machine is perfect for my routine sewing and quilting.  It's compact but has the same features as my larger Brother sewing machine.  I like it because it very light and it's easy to use.  I would reccomend this machine for the beginner or intermideate seamtress who wants a lot of punch but doesn't want to spend a fortune.  It would make a good college gift too for a person who likes to sew in their spare time and for making quick repairs to garments, etc."
"I bought this sewing machine for my wife ,not knowing much about sewing and much less about the machines. My wife loves it, very easy to use,and works very well. The best thing now is all my family clothing is fixed that needed to be fixed. I'd recommend this to anyone who needs a machine that's user friendly, and works very well. A great beginner/intermediate machine, and great value."
"I consider myself a beginner at sewing and I have to say that this machine is very easy to use and I enjoy sewing with it. I had an older machine that was hard to use and now that I have this machine I feel like I can sew anything. I would highly reccomend this machine to a all sewers and the price is reasonable for the quality of machine that it is.

Happy Sewing!"
"After reading way too many reviews I finally decided to purchase this machine. I had been sewing on an old machine that was given to me 15 years ago when it was already considered old.  I had a few concerns.  Threading, the bobbin and the tension.  It arrived just the other day (weeks sooner then the original estimated date).  Within minutes I had it up and running.  Simple doesn't describe it.  I only gave it four stars because I don't know how it'll hold up over time but right now everything is working properly, easily and I'm excited to sew another project (already finished 2)."
My wife uses it and she likes it. She had a problem of tension as some people mention but somehow she fixed it and now working beautifully.
I decided to start sewing again after 30 years of not touching a machine. I wanted something inexpensive to make sure this is something I wanted to do again. I couldn't have made a better choice. For the money this is a great little machine. The ONLY thing I am having a major problem with is making buttonholes. I am sure it is just me doing some little something wrong but I cannot get it to work.
"Don't listen to any of the negative reviews.  I just got this machine.  I have not sewn since 7th grade and I was up and running in one hour.  I mended a shirt and a dog bed, and I made a sheath for my sharp kitchen knife.  This is well worth the money, very easy to use, great instructions."
"I like the machine, it is easy to use and light to carry.  Great for a person who only needs to do minor mending and sewing.  It might do more, but I am a beginner sewer.  The only thing I do not like is the manual; each paragraph and some sentences are co-mingled in both English and Spanish so it is difficult to read."
"I got a refurbished model and I really like it. I use it mostly for quilting and it works really well. The throat is a little small, but I was able to free-motion-quilt a queen-sized quilt without any problem. It's easy to use, sturdy (my toddler pulled it onto the linoleum floor from the table and while the thread holder bent a little, it still works just fine), and really light-weight.

I do tend to have a little bit of tension issue, especially when free-motion-quilting with the quilting foot. I also wish that I was able to lower the feed dogs instead of just putting the darning plate over them.

I absolutely recommend this for someone who wants a light-weight, versatile machine."
"All I wanted was a sturdy sewing machine that wouldn't cost me a fortune, and I found it! It was just what I was looking for at a great price. Couldn't have been happier with this product. It's perfect for your average at home sewer."
"It has been ages since the last time I used a sewing machine and I'm so happy I chose the Brother sewing machine!
Placing the bobbin was so much easier than I expected!  I can't wait to start making dresses for my daughter!  My husband was happy with his pants that I hemmed.  And I love the color of the sewing machine^_^  Great price too!"
"This sewing machine is easy to use and yet a full size, full power machine.  Switching between the 25 stiches was easy to learn.  This is worth every penny."
"I'm a beginner, so this machine is perfect for me for the basic projects I continue to produce.  Feels like a quality product, and I have been pleased with the results.  Great machine for beginners or for lighter-duty jobs.

I had read to be careful pulling off the packing tape; I forgot, so a little of the plastic coating peeled, but did not affect the workings of the machine.

The directions were a little difficult for me to follow because the English and Spanish rotate every other paragraph; nevertheless, I figured out how to thread the machine and begin all by myself!"
"Very simple to set up and use. I followed the bobbin threading diagram and haven't had one problem with the lower thread tension. Great for everyday, standard sewing"
"It is an EXCELLENT product, but the foot cord would be more usable if a little longer.  I sew on a 41/2 foot countertop and the cord doesn't rest on the ground.  Otherwise everything else is great."
"I bought this for my wife for Christmas (she asked for it). She has never used a sewing machine before, but was able to really jump into using this one. She found it very easy to use and was sewing things she had been wanting to for a while in no time."
"My girlfriend chose this sewing machine out, and she's very happy with it.  However, it stopped feeding the fabric in forward (forgive me for not knowing the name of the parts) after a couple of months.  It works fine in reverse, so the only way she could sew was backwards.  I contacted Amazon and they immediately sent out a replacement free of charge.  Hopefully we just got a lemon and the next one will work.  Props to Amazon for fantastic customer service!"
A great machine but the instructions are almost in English and not very informative.  I still can't figure out how to oil the machine.
I just got mine today and I love it. This is my first sewing machine and I found it very easy to use. I had it up and running in a little under 15 minutes. Doesn't have a lot of bells and whistles but that's exactly what I wanted for a first. Can't beat it for under $90!!
"this machine is very easy to use, if you never used a sewing machine such as myself this machine makes it easy to learn, i recommend this product.."
"I'm a fair to middlin' seamstress and love my new Brother machine.  I didn't6 realize how inconvenient my old Singer was, they've come a long way in the past 25 years, haven't they LOL!  This has the basic stitches I need, and the buttonhole function is e-a-s-y.  Highly recommend this for the non-professional who needs it to create the basics. I made chair covers and curtains, and my prized posession, a doggie coat.  It handled the 3 layers (corduroy, fleece and interfacing) like a breeze."
"This is an excellent machine for our purposes.  Generally, it is used to hem pants or make small repairs.  It works well for this."
"I needed to do a considerable amount of sewing, but didn't require any fancy stitching, just buttonholes and straight seams.  This machine did the job and for the price, you can't beat it for overall value.  Minor complaints:  threading the machine can be difficult and it's a mechanical machine so it's like sewing with a machine gun (loud and rough) BUT again for the price, this is definitely a good buy and I recommend it for basic sewing."
"I ordered this sewing machine a few weeks prior to Halloween, so I could sew up a dolphin costume for my daughter.  I'm a brand new sewer, so I don't know exactly what to expect, but the instructions were so simple and straight-forward, that I was sewing in literally an hour after opening the package.  Includes several extra bobbins, so don't bother ordering additional ones just yet.  Fantastic!  My next project is a doll kit I've been holding onto for 4 years because I didn't have the machine!  I'm so happy I got this machine - rated the best by someone (was is Consumer Reports?) and at a fantastic price!"
"I bought this as a beginner.  It is easy to use and works great it fell down my stairs (we won't write how that happened) and parts came off, thought it would be broken, but it still worked like a charm impressive!"
"I recently bought the Brother Advanced Sewing Machine Model XL2600I and the quality of this product is just astonishing. It has a lot of different applications and the variety of stitches is simply incredible for a machine like this. This product also features the best quality-to-price ratio for any seller, and the fact that I got free shipping from Amazon for this order just keeps adding to the reasons why anyone should buy at Amazon. I definitely reccomend this product for future buyers, and even though I bought it as a gift for someone else I just have to admit that it has been a very wise purchase."
"I bought this model at a Fabric store, not on Amazon.com. But so far I haven't had any problems except I cannot figure out the pattern selector dial. I'm not sure if my machine is faulty but last night I spent two hours trying to get an overstitch and EVERYTHING was sewing in a straight line. I referred back to the manual (which is quite difficult to read with three different language panels) and I still cannot figure it out. Starting to wonder if I should have spent an extra $100 to get the automatic stitch selector.

Overall this machine is Easy to thread, easy to thread bobbins. I just made a tube dress out of stretch sequin fabric and it was harder to do but managed to get through it. It is small but if you're not good at ""trouble-shooting"" threading issues like myself I would go for it. My sewing instructor told us to never buy cheap machines so I guess we'll wait and see. Personally I cannot afford her recommended $400-$500 Jenome machines."
"I used to have a Sears portable sewing machine and thought about having it cleaned and serviced, but it would have cost $90 plus any parts needed.  But it was 35 years old and weighed a ton! This Brother XL2600i machine cost me less than $85 and shipping was free.  This is a great little machine.  I'm making a quilt and have very little to complain about.  The machine is very light which is great for moving it from table to storage area, but it moves around a little more on my table.  I'd rather have the lightweight feature for carrying it, though!  The easy bobbin winding feature and auto needle threader are awesome!  You can still thread the needle yourself if you feel like it, but the needle threader is so easy once you get the hang of it.  Love this machine!!"
"Light, easy to use, easy to thread, good for light sewing projects that I need to do, not too loud"
I would highly recommend this for anyone who wants to begin sewing and doesn't really know where to start and at the same time I would recommend it to anyone who has been sewing for years and just wants to update their sewing machine!
"This is the first sewing machine I ever used, and OMG it is perfect! I never used a sewing machine prior to this one (I used to sew by hand) and it works so well. I was surprised how smooth this machine worked. It is so easy to use and easy to set up. I have a hard time understanding written instructions, but these instructions were so simple for me to read. To set up the machine, they give you a picture of how to do it (which shows you step by step) and of course the written directions. I know alot of the reviews said that the instruction booklet is hard to read, and for different sewing patterns it can be. They have ALOT of different patterns of sewing which overwhelmed me some, so I just stuck to the regular easier patterns.
Anyway, I LOVE this sewing machine and it is so great to use."
"My boys bought me this model as a birthday gift two years ago this autumn. I flunked sewing in Home Econ many moons ago, but had small craft projects and pillow covers I wanted to make.  I found the machine easy to set up and use and within a few hours, had sewn pillow covers, small quilted projects and others involving fairly thin materials. The machine did what I asked it to--the only time I had bobbin jams was when I failed to hold the thread tails at the start of stitching, which every sewing book I have recommends that you do.

This autumn, I pushed the machine to its limits, making a mantle scarf that required me to sew braided trim with a lip and sandwich various layers of fabric with batting. I did have mechanical difficulties with this. I suffered from wild bobbin jams that required me to unscrew the face plate, clean out and re-seat the bobbin case, etc. That was definitely somewhat tricky--I had to be careful about how I tightened the face plate--too tight on one side seemed to make the bobbin case unhappy.

HOWEVER--I did some research on the Web about my woes and found that many experienced sewers with much more expensive machines complain about bobbin jams and thread tension issues. Most recommended using better thread, always changing needles on a new project or after 4-8 hours of continuous sewing--and I found changing needles frequently on this project did help. I also have suspicions about the quality of the thread I used--it was basic Hobby Lobby stuff, and I noted complaints about it, too.

Finally, as other reviewers have noted, you can't adjust the foot height on this model. On this last project, I wound up with more layers of fabric, batting and trim lip than I'd anticipated--it is probably 1/4"" thick, and it just won't feed, not even with a walking foot. That said, the machine did sew the lip just fine (with a zipper foot), and handled sewing together a sandwich of four layers of thin cotton, one of lip and two of low-loft batting.

I'm still pleased with the purchase--the bobbin issue is on my radar now, though (and as others have noted, Brother's decision to hide the little thread catch for the bobbin thread under a plastic arm is a design flaw). Still, putting new needles in did help, and I knew I was pushing the machine's limits. I'll be trying better thread on holiday pillow covers....once I'm done hand-sewing the last layer of my quilted mantle cover!"
"I am very happy with this Brothers XL26001 sewing machine it works great and is very affordable I have made many friends happy by sewing up the hems on their clothes and probably made new customers for Amazon for the fast service they have given me Keep up the good work

A very happy customer

Robert"
"I'm a beginner with no real sewing experience and this sewing machine worked great! The instructions are clear-cut with illustrations and it was easy to get started. This machine has 25 stitches which is more than enough for a beginner sewer and it was really easy to thread. I took a class at JoAnns and to my amazement, I was able to make pajama pants! My next project is a pajama top. I look forward to many hours of sewing on this machine!"
"Excelent...
I am in love with my new brother sewing machine.
It s better than what I was expecting"
"Having retired my 40 year old faithful Singer sewing machine as it finally fell apart, I decided it was time to invest once again in another machine.  I chose the Brother XL2600I as it seemed the most reasonably priced.  I never thought that I would get such a wonderful machine, so easy to use yet with easier threading than the older versions.  And I never dreamed I could buy a machine so inexpensively.  I was paying a dress maker to do my clothing adjustments.  This machine paid for itself within two trips!  I'm like a kid with a new toy."
"Within 1 month, the bobbin case got nicked and the thread started snagging. A new bobbin case is $60! That's over half the price of the whole machine!!! Do not buy a brother! This is totally unaccepable."
"I needed a sewing machine to do mostly small progects. I've owned 3 Singers.first one was grandmas with foot pedal for mending. Brother is a good machine if you take the time to read the handbook,use the correct needle for material and make the right adjustments when needed. I've got to find out if Brother makes a ruffler. Had one with Singer and it was great .It is simple to operate and good for average to above seamstress!"
"I was happy with the order, it came on time and I am very pleased with the machine.  It is very easy to use and I have used it many times, to be able to use the machine one day I just did a small project that I wasn't going to do and was very pleased."
"I did a lot of research before buying a machine.  I had owned a Kenmore for 30+ years (never liked it much), was raised on Singers (my grandmother was a LGWU member and swore by her old cabinet machine).  I'm no great shakes as a seamstress, but I like to do crafts and wanted something for quilting.  The price was amazing and I opted for fast shipping because I'm an impatient cow.  *G*  I could have waited and gotten it shipped for free.

Ten minutes out of the box, I was winding a bobbin.  Twenty and I was doing some practice stitching.  The needle-threader is amazing!  I doubt that I'll ever use half the 25 stitches but it's great to know that I have them! Easist thing in the world to adjust the tension for the upper thread.

So far, I love it.  And I'll try to stay on top of it so I can report on how it holds up.

Six months later:  I'm just finishing up four elaborate Ottoman Ren-Faire costumes, complete with millinery and this machine has been SUCH a trooper!  It managed to sew through layers of material and heavy upholstery bullion fringe and not break a needle.  I made hats, turbans, used a bunch of the embroidering stitches---they were very pretty!  Throughout all of it, the machine has been amazing.  This is a great purchase!"
"I needed a new machine, yet I didn't want to put a lot of money in to a machine loaded with lots of bells and whistles I would most likely not use.  I am absolutely thrilled with this machine.  It was very easy to set up, needle threading feature is very nice, more than enough bells and whistles for the average sewer.  Lightweight and easy to move. Plus, the Brothers sewing machine has stood the test of time."
"This sewing machine is great for the beginner. I am just starting out sewing and really had no idea what I was getting myself into. My mom and aunts do sew on a regular basis, therefore, I turned to them to find out which machine I should purchase. They stated that this machine had the most options and but at a beginner level, yet I could grow into this machine. I have been using for two months now making baby bedding, blankets, and cloth diapers. It was been wonderful! I can't say enough good things about this product! EXCELLENT for beginners and price!"
"I think Amazon should wait longer before soliciting reviews because, for one thing, a month isn't long enough to know if the product is going to last.  The other is that we bought this machine as a birthday gift for our 8 year old twin granddaughters and just gave it to them yesterday!  That being said, I spent some time playing with it beforehand so I can teach them how to use it and it seems like a good machine.  People have criticized the instruction manual. It seems fine to me, but maybe that's because I'm an experienced sewer.  The other criticism I've read is that the foot pedal is hard to control - that the machine goes too fast for a beginner.  That's true, so I had my husband rig up a temporary ""stopper"" that would make it impossible to press the pedal down all the way.  It worked great!  The girls were able to control the machine without any problem.  They were able to stitch in a fairly straight line almost immediately.  The XL2600i has a good variety of stitches and the stitch quality is very nice.  Assuming it holds up well, it should be all the girls will need for years to come."
"I have been sewing for 30 years and have several other machines including a high-end Bernina and Babylock serger.  I bought this machine, based on other reviews and because I wanted a machine I could take with me to our second home.  This is a great machine, the tension is consistent and while it is light-weight, it is more than adequate quality for the 'average' sewer.  I only use Gutterman thread and always change the needles on all of my machines with each project--this helps with all machines I think.  The decorative stiches are nice, but the real value is a good consistent straight stitch with reliable tension.  For less than $100 I cannot believe how nice this machine is!"
Was a little hesitant when I first ordered this item but once it arrived and I tried it out it was just what I wanted.  It sews beautiful is compact yet has the feel of my old cabinet machine.  I now have my grandchildren wanting to learn to sew.  This was their first experience using any sewing machine and they had a ball making little blankets and things.  The delivery was very fast too.  Can't say enough.
"Am definitely not a 'seamstress', but was able to open it up plug it in and start sewing. Great simple machine and probably does more than I will ever use. Loading the bobbin, threading the needle was very simple!"
Just what I needed. Not complicated at all. Don't sew much but great to have around when needed.
I am very happy with this machine. It is perfect for a first time sewer. It is easy to figure out and operate
"I am a complete newbie when it comes to sewing - I wanted to be able to perform simple repairs/alterations on my clothes and create things for my home, such as pillow covers, curtains, etc.

After careful research I selected this machine - and could not be happier!! It is SO easy to use!!  The directions are exceptionally clear; I had it out of the box, set up and was testing out all the stitches within 30 minutes.

The step by step instructions for how to thread the bobbin and the needle were so simple to follow, I didn't have any of the troubles that other reviewers ran into. (Side note - the automatic threading feature is DIVINE!!)

I also haven't had any problems with the tension, as indicated in other reviews.  I did have to modify it when I used a thicker thread, but didn't experience any problems making those adjustments.

I would recommend this machine to ANYONE who wants to teach themselves to sew.  The ease of use of this machine has really allowed me to make progress on the projects I've started, which feels great!"
My husband got this machine for me as a birthday gift. I tried all the stitches and it worked beautifully. The manual was very easy to follow. I love this machine.
"This is a great little machine for anyone that sews a lot or just now and then, I'm a professional crafter and sew almost every day. I use a wide variety of fabrics from wool felt,cottons to plush firs and this machine works well with all fabrics. I love the simplicity of this machine as well, If you don't need all the bells and Whistles this is a good machine. And with the free shipping, cant beat that!"
"I am not a beginner sewer  but I don't do very complicated projects either - (I learned how to sew over 20 yrs ago, but have been sewing inconsistently since then).  I will admit I am used to durable Singer sewing machines made in the 70's or earlier.

I have made a few simple things on this machine. I have SO much difficulty with any type fabric other than a simple cotton knit. It can't handle fleece or flannel or even thin flannel/vinyl. I've sewn all of these on other machines without any problems.

It does have accessory quilting presser foot option for additional purchase.  However I'm doubtful that would make any difference.

Also, it does jam in reverse (as in it both jams while reversing, AND gets stuck in reverse, unable to return to FWD once it gets going in reverse.

The tension is adjustable but it won't hold to the setting I""ve selected (I selected the tension recommended in the manual for the fabric type I'm using).

Drop in bobbin system sounds good but hard to get thread under the secret hidden tension spring that they hide under a plastic tongue.

Bottom line:

can't handle thicker fabrics
issues with reversing
chinsy plastic casing cracked open on mine
tension is unreliable
bobbin gets jammed (and yes, I threaded it correctly and made sure it went 1) right direction and 2) under the tension spring

I want to throw it out the window but give it 2 stars because it does have some redeeming qualities:

1) portable if you want to take it to class (or carry it to the trashcan!)
2) very ergonomic thread cutting system on the L side,
3) nifty automatic threader actually works easily
4) reliable button holer (that is, if the bobbin will spin.
5) great stitch selection

AGAIN, all of the above positives are useless if the tension won't hold or the bobbin won't spin without jamming."
"I'm a beginner, so i wasn't too sure which sewing machine to buy.  This one is great.  I haven't had a single problem yet, and I've been sewing for over a month.  Very easy to use.  Easy instructions to follow if you are a beginner.  Nice!"
"I bought the machine after going thru the manual worked out the kinks to get familiar what does what.
Im no sewing expert but a novice! The only problem I had was with the threading of the bobby cylinder pin.
The first time I had the wrong tension on the dial to the left zero thru 9. So when I loaded the bobby with like a number low number it wasn't a tight fit and bunch up and gave me an underside garment sew that didn look like a stitch. Plus the thread was coming off too fast and getting cuaght on the thread holder on top. So increase the tension to 9 and threaded another bobby pin and it fixed the problem!
Damm machineworks great for me! I do minor sewing like hemming pants ...
Great machine Love the bells and whistles! It takes patience at first to figure out what does what but a piece of cake after that!
Great product, lov it!"
"This is a basic, yet competent little sewing machine.  Sews through heavy material with surprising ease.  Has just the right stitch functions and features to make it the perfect sewing machine for mending or small sewing projects."
"I chose this machine specifically because it offers a serger-like, stretchable stitch that I wanted for altering jersey-knit t-shirts.  And it has a ton of other stitches--more than I will probably ever need.  I use the machine almost daily and it seems very durable and good quality for its reasonable price.  I'm glad I went with this machine."
The machine seems to work ok but there is not a piece of metal on it.  Even the slide plate is plastic.  I will keep it but think I will have my older machine repaired just in case.  They just don't make them like they used to.
"I have been sewing for overfourty  years ,and so I am aquainted with sewing machines  starting with  my grandmother's treadle  White to my current  Viking.

My Viking had to go for its yearly tension repair so I  was left ( not very happily , I might add) in the middle of a project that required a lot of straight and zigzag stitching ..... I decided to buy a good BACKUP machine.

 I read the reviews and checked the Consumer Report (March 2009) and found the Brother XL2600I.  I decided that  if  the reviews were correct then this was exactly what I was looking for....and it was and is.  This is a great little basic  machine. The stitches are uniform, the tension is  amazingly perfect , and  the instructional manuel is EASY to understand . This machine allows the project to be the focus of the sewing experince.

The price is exceptioanl for the quality of the product.

Good buy."
"I am very new at sewing so decided to purchase this particular model based on the price and excellent reviews. Its simple to use and easy to set up. I needed it to alter my clothes and it does a good job. The instructions manual explains a lot of things when something goes wrong. Plus reading all the reviews helped too.

Overall for the price, its a great machine. I would recommend it if you need to do some light work."
"I love this machine. I am an amateur sewer and found this machine easy to use right out of the box. The stitching looks great and professional,even for me!"
"The machine is quite simple to set up and use. I have not used a sewing machine in many years and I found the machine to be everything AI expected it to be especially for the money.
The directions for threading were not included and not too clear but I did figure it out.
I have purchased for Amazon in the past and will continue to do so in the futurer."
"works great, easy to use for the basics,needle threader works well, good price and fast delivery"
I haven't done a lot of work on this yet but the machine seems solid and more than my needs require.  It was difficult to thread but that may improve as my skills do.  The directions were strait forward and my stiches thus far are great.
I bought this sewing machine and have had problems with it jamming over and over again.  Bringing it back and trying again.
"I work with children, and wanted a machine for the girls, age 8 and up, who are making small projects. I can move this machine easily, and with guidance, the children do fine with it.  I have been likewise been inspired to resume some sewing myself, which I haven't done in many years. So far, the machine has been very forgiving of our sewing blunders. I chose this machine based on the review in Consumer Reports, and found that Amazon had a great price relative to other sources."
"I purchased this machine to use while visiting my daughter in another state.  I used the machine to make a shirt with buttons and an apron out of canvas.  I was quite impressed with the quality of the stitches for such an inexpensive machine.  It did a great job sewing through multiple layers of canvas and the button holes were perfect!  Then, before packing it up, I decided to check out the bobbin case and clean up any lint.  It was nearly impossible to remove the plate over the bobbin.  The plate is in two parts, one is plastic.  I have to admit, that I did not look in the Owner's Manual, but figured removing the plate is a no brainer.  (I have used dozens of machines over the years and have been sewing for over 40 years!) Eventually I was able to remove the plates and reassemble everything.  I am concerned that routine maintenance on this machine will be a problem.  Only time will tell!!"
i was little scared before buying because of some reviews but fanlly i bought it and this machine is great. I have lived my whole life with so many kind of sewing machine but this is so nice and looks great. It works great and the sound is not so loud its sweet and if u use this machine right it can do all kind of chores and i love this machine.
"I've been using this sewing machine for a month now, and i really like it. I've tried to sew with several kinds of fabrics, jersey, cotton, flannel and jeans and found no problem at all.

I was a little afraid before buying this machine because of some reviews about how the lower thread gets loose when using several layers or thick fabrics, well it never happened to me! It is true that there is no way to adjust the tension of lower thread, but you don't need it anyway, all you have to do is adjust the upper thread.

Another feature i love is the quick-set bobbin so i don't need to open the attachment everytime i need to change the bobbin, and as it is transparent i can see how much thread i have left.

It also has a needle threader, i tried several times, not a single success, but i don't need it anyway.

I wish Brother would provide adapter for 220V so it can be useful outside the US too."
I have never owned a machine before.  I did my research & thought this was a good machine to start with.  So far it has been great!! The threading of the bobbin is so easy to do & the instructions are clear.  I was set up to sew in Less than 10 minutes! So far. Have hemmed about 10 jeans and was amazed @ how fast the machine works. I like the fact that it has the free arm function to be able to do this kind of work without having to struggle with the pants to turn. I plan on doing many more projects with this machine!
"I bought this as a beginner's machine, and so far it has worked great. Threading the machine is super easy and the bobbin just drops in. My only problem is that it goes too fast! It has a pedal, but if you try to press lightly it only makes a noise like it's revving up, then away it goes! Once it starts up you can slow it down, but there's no initial ease into the stitch. I bought a magnetic seam guide which helped greatly with keeping the stitches straight. It doesn't come with a case, though, so you have to buy one separately. Definitely worth the price and delivered very quickly, but I will probably upgrade once my skills improve."
"Bought it for my wife and she absolutely loves it. She is new to sewing and finds the machine easy to use and has already made a ton of blankets, curtains, etc.

At the price especially, you will not be disappointed. She raves about this thing.

It works well, bobbins are easy to change, and the foot powered switch is handy.

My wife highly recommends this machine! Be a good hubby and buy one for your wife. And have her get a sammich while she's at it!"
"This machine is BRAND NEW but even with the manual, I cannot find out why the sewing machine will sew part of the button hole and not the rest of it! I have been sewing with Singers for over 30 years--was excited about the one-step buttonhole feature on this. I can't find a help number, called a local sewing machine repair shop only to be told that they don't help with machines they don't sell.  Be careful buying a machine online!!! Just not impressed with the level of service after the sale on this item."
This is a good sewing machine for the price. We have had no trouble with it at all and it is pretty simple to use.
"I gave this machine 2 stars only because it is very easy to set up, threading the bobbin and needle are a piece of cake with the directions.  Other than that, it does not run well.  It is impossible to start out slowly- the instructions say to vary the pressure on the peddle to control the speed, but it is either off or running at 100 mph, which is extremely frustrating.  The second issue, which pushed me over the edge and made me return the machine,  is the thread from the bobbin periodically doesn't engage in the seam.  I would be sewing along just fine (although too quickly), and it would suddenly skip out, then kick back in, ruining the seam and I'd have to start all over.  I would not recommend this product to anyone."
I am a beginner and this machine is so easy to use that I was sewing in no time! Amazing!
"I bought this machine for my 8 year old to learn some basic sewing on.  For this purpose, the machine offers good value for the money.  She can use it to make items for her dolls and learn some basic mending.  If you're looking for a workhorse machine, or for sewing on heavier fabrics, or for doing fine satin stitching on appliques, I would not recommend it."
Good basic machine with good value for money spent.  The wife loves it and we both recommended highly if a good basic machine is what you are looking for.
"This is one hard-working little machine. I am very pleased with its performance. The self-threading needle takes a little practice, but once I got the hang of it, it's very easy. One of the most aggravating things about sewing was threading the machine needle. This machine makes sewing a breeze. I also like the variety of stitches to choose from. I would highly recommend this product to anyone looking for an easy to use home sewing machine."
"We purchased this machine after reading the recommendation on Consumers Reports. This is what she said about it: ""Every stitch type I have used worked well. I have sewed delicate lace and thick curtain materials without any problems in tension or snagging. It is a great machine, especially for the price."""
"First of all, it arrived surprisingly fast! Awesome because there were already several projects to work on. It performs beautifully. It is part of a small business venture and will be used to make our products. It is better than all the reviews I read prior to buying it!"
I bought this product for my wife as a christmas gift. She has been please with it so far. It does everything that needed it for.
"Easy to use and very lightweight and quiet. I threaded it and away It went, no problem. Lots of functions & stiches but I haven't tried them all yet"
This is a GREAT machine for the money - it does everything the average sewer needs and does it well.  I bought it because my $700 Elna became too heavy for me - this one is amazingly light. I really like the easy access to backstitching and with a little practice the needle threader works very well.  I highly recommend this machine
My wife is satisfied with this machine and I'm sure will get years of use from it.  The instruction manual is also very easy to understand.
"I bought this machine as a birthday present for my girlfriend, who absolutely loves it.  I later bought her the carrying case also to make it easier to store away when not in use."
After much research and absolutly no experience with sewing I purchased this machine and borrowed a couple of boos from the library: The Everything Sewing Book and Sewing for Dummies. Between the manual and the two books I was completly prepared to make pajama bottoms for the entire family for Christmas. I started with making a pair for myself and being OK with any mistakes and moved on to making the rest with confidence. The only reason I gave the ahine 4 instead of 5 stars is I can not figure out how to use the button hole maker. I spent a good hour reading and re-reading the instructions and doing everything as told and I ended up free styling it with the zig zag stitch. I don't feel too bad about it though because my grnadmother whos being sewing for 50 years can't do it either!
"I wanted a sewing machine for home use and found this one to be absolutely amazing!!  It is easy to use (since I am certainly not a novice) and the features are awesome!  I would recommend this machine to anyone, even if you've never used a sewing machine before, you can feel like a pro in minutes with this one!!"
I love this machine!  It's so much better than any other I've had before! It has features like the thread cutter that I've never had on a machine. It's easy to thread and the bobbin loads quickly and easily.  I HIGHLY recommend this machine for a beginner who wants to learn how to sew!!
"Its only been one month since I purchased the machine. I've hemmed a few items and sewn a table runner and curtains. I'm learning...Its been easy to figure out, works well, no complaints currently. I don't feel comfortable giving something 5 stars I haven't used to its potential. It seems durable despite its light weight. Everything has been very user friendly thus far. Haven't tried out new feet, etc.

update: 1/2012
Still using the machine, still love it. Simple and it works."
"First of all you should know that it's low end machine (mainly sold by discount retailers) from the famous Brother company.
The machine has 25 stitch functions and easy to use, but it's plastic moving parts and frame.
So it's not durable. My machine broken 2 times during 5 months (both times it was fixed by warranty).
After this I bought good quality middle-end sewing machine from Brothers for $500.

Probably it's ok to buy this machine for girl as first sewing machine,
but it's not durable enough for often use."
"I'm very happy with my new sewing machine,I have onother Brother machine where I work it's a very plain model, but work wonders. When I needed a new machine for home I decided to get another Brother. I was very surprized how well it work for the price. I realy like and recomend to anyone looking for a sewing machine."
I bought the first Brother XL600I for my oldest daughter for Christmas a year and a half ago. She loves it! She has made many garments with the machine and it runs like a charm. She took it to college with her last year and used it in her dorm room. I bought the second machine in May for my daughter who just graduated from high school. She wanted one to take to college also. She has used her sister's and knew it was a good one. My 2 youngest daughter already have their eye on having there own machine. I will buy them the same model if it is still available at that time!
I purchased this product for basic sewing but have been very unhappy.  It seems to have trouble even with a straight stitch.  The bobbin mechanism is poor -- it continually jams and I spend more time fighting with it than actually sewing.  I will probably have to replace this machine if I want to continue sewing and I have only been using it for a couple of months.
"I got this machine yesterday and I love it!  Already I've been able to mend multiple things!  It's worked on stretch fabrics, delicate knits, and even jeans.  I patched worn jeans pockets without a problem.
I found the machine very easy to use, the instruction booklet was fairly clear as were the directions on the machine.  I love this machine and can imagine I will use it often!"
"I previously had another Brother Sewing machine, LS2125I, which was sort of pain but got me through most little projects.  After moving cross-county however, my sewing machine was destroyed by the movers.  After reading a ton of reviews I went w/ a very popular Hello Kitty Sewing Machine.  Well, looking past the flowers and kitties, this thing was a complete joke.  Finally after being ready to chuck the thing out the window (too bad I live on a bottom floor) I decided it was time to find another.  Again reading the reviews lead me back to this Brother; and I am very glad I did.  I mostly hem my pants and uniforms, but if I have to spend hours in frustration doing so, it would be completely maddening.  I just received this item and out of the box it was easy set-up (Hallelujah for the automatic Bobbin!) and I had pair of jeans hemmed in lightening speed.  Perfection!

Update:  Still loves this machine and the fact that it sews through thick jeans with no problems.  Haven't had many issues, and would still recommend this simple & cheap meander to any casual sewer."
My 12 year old daughter was able to get this sewing machine set up and start a project on her own.  This is her first sewing machine and it has been perfect for her.  We would highly recommend it to any beginning sewer.
"I bought this machine to have children sew easy sewing projects in an after-school art class.  I researched  sewing machines in Consumers Union Magazine, which rated this as one of the best.  After buying and trying it out in class with the children, I liked it so well and it was so easy for them (6-15 yrs old) to figure out that I bought two more Brother XL2600I.  I'm very happy with this product.  I recommended it to a parent and she's purchased one for her daughter to sew at home."
I'm am enjoying this machine.  I hadn't touched a sewing machine in over 25 years.  This has been so easy - it's like I never stopped sewing!  One thing I have noticed is that it doesn't like heavier fabrics.
"Great basic machine.  I was looking for a replacement for a 60 year-old console, just to do the basics - alterations, repairs and simple projects - and this machine works well for me.

Looping...  After a few trial runs, I had a problem with upper thread looping on the underside of the fabric.  It took some time to find the problem: There is a small spring inside the metal thread guide on the top of the machine (threading step 1).  I had more than once missed the spring when threading.  Once I discovered my mistake and made certain that the thread engaged the spring, I had no more problems."
"My machine worked great for about a week before a string got tangled and ruined the whole machine. Brother customer service was basically useless and said I would have to pay shipping costs to their mainland service center (I live in Hawaii) to get it fixed. The local service center refused to service my machine, despite the fact that it is still under warranty. It's been a huge PITA and I will never buy Brother products again."
"I bought the sewing machine for my 11 years old daughter, and she could use it less than 30 minutes after opening the box.  Although she learned how to use a sewing machine in school (different machine), it seemed very easy to use for beginner.  She is enjoying the machine by fixing her clothes, making dog's clothes, etc.  I spent less than $100 for the machine, but it is worth more than that."
"This machine was a gift for my adult daughter.  She was absolutely overcome to receive such a great gift.  She wants to make curtains for her new home.  I was taking MY old faithful Bernina to her house every time I visited her (about 3 hours away), and we never had enough time to complete projects while we were together, so she is really pleased to have one of her own.  I also gave her sewing lessons, specific to the machine, so she can really learn how to use it well!  We are both SO excited, because it's so easy to use!  She's also joining a quilting club!  :-)<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Brother-XL2600I-25-Stitch-Free-Arm-Sewing-Machine-with-Multiple-Stitch-Functions/dp/B000F7DPEQ/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Brother XL2600I 25-Stitch Free-Arm Sewing Machine with Multiple Stitch Functions</a>"
Super
"Based on the reviews, I thought this Brother would be a very good starter machine, and it is just that. It *starts* off fine. But I am now dealing with the same problem on my second replacement machine. For a while, the machine runs great, is easy to use, and then the lower bobbin thread starts to mangle here and there. Eventually, the bobbin thread is such a mess that it is unusable. I'm not doing anything complicated, not trying to sew through leather, and this problem crops up to a debillitating degree within a few months (bought my first in June 08, had replacement in August 08). I know people who have bought similarly inexpensive machines by other brands and have had no problem with this issue. And Consumer Reports is finally scheduled to publish sewing machine reviews in February 09, so my advice is wait to follow their recommendations."
"First, I got the order the DAY AFTER I ordered it!  Great job, Amazon!

Second, I love the machine!  I have never sewed before and with a little ""fiddling"", I was able to figure it out and start sewing.  The manual isn't perfect for someone who has NEVER used a machine before, but I'm sure it is more that enough for anyone who has.  The machine is easy to use and has a lot of stitch options.  It has all of the attachments and spare parts that you need.  I would DEFINITELY recommend it to other beginners!"
"Absolutely rapid delivery(two days)
I suggest trying all the stitches ,without thread, on a folded sheet of notebook paper  after reading the instruction manual SEVERAL TIMES.This is a beginner's dream come true."
"I too was having a ton of problems with the lower thread looping under the fabric. It was very frustrating. Finally I figured out how to fix it. Refer to the owner's manual section on inserting the bobbin for photos. What you want to do is drop in the bobbin, and pull the thread through the little slit like it says. But, you have to make sure that the thread goes into the slot in the ""tension-adjusting spring"" (this is hard to see; pull up the plastic tongue that forms the slit a little with your fingernail to see where it is), although it should go in by itself, then YOU HAVE TO HOLD THE BOBBIN SO IT DOESN'T MOVE AND PULL THE THREAD GENTLY TO SEAT IT INTO THE SPRING. That is the key. After I made sure the thread was all the way in, like magic my lower thread was working perfectly.

Aside from that I am happy with the machine. I especially like the needle threader and think that the top thread is very easy to thread. Now that I figured out the lower thread issue, I want to experiment with all the stitches! I wish the presser foot lever was on the back instead of the inside, but oh well. Be careful taking off the tape because I ripped some off and it pulled up a little plastic on the green part of the machine.

The owner's manual IS hard to read. The Spanish is right after the English, and sometimes they repeat the same instructions twice, and it's not laid out well. It is manageable, though.

They make you think you have to buy special bobbins, but on the box it says you can replace them with class 15, although I have not tried that yet. The accessories seem quite acceptable, except I wish they had given you some ball point needles for knits and stretch rather than just more sharp points.

Overall, it sews fine once you get everything threaded right, and I've made several tops already. Definitely good for a beginner or someone who doesn't want to do anything too fancy."
I really love this sewing machine so far. I did a lot of research before purchasing this machine and it was rated the number one machine that is a step up from a basic model on several different websites. It is so easy to use and I love how many different stitches there are. I think the instructions are straight forward and easy to understand. I am thrilled with my purchase!!
"I'm quite impressed with the reliability and steady function of this machine - for the price, it performs as well as models costing two to three times as much.  I've completed a number of projects with it, including difficult piping on a heavyweight slipcover, and everything I've made holds up well to wear and tear.  It has a nice even stitch, I've had no problems with bobbin tension.

It's wise to read the manual fully, particularly if you're not extremely comfortable with machines already.  All the stitch functions exist and work fine - you just have to know where to find them (reading the manual is HELPFUL).  It's a simple machine for a beginner, with the quality, basic functions useful to an experienced seamstress.

I love it!  I'm turning out projects that look like pottery barn products, with an $80 machine."
I have recently purchased this machine.  I am a man with no previous experience in using sewing machine.  The initial setup was easy and I am delighted with this machine. I will recommend this machine to any one and dealing with the process of purchase was smooth.  a good buy.
Great sewing machine!  Very easy to use and comes with all the necessary items to star sewing right away.  My mom has been looking for one for a while now and she said this is the best one she tried.
"I have been so pleased with this sewing machine. Given that it wouldn't take much for me to be impressed since I've been using a 25-year-old machine, this one still has all the features an amateur and advanced sewer would want. I am particularly impressed with the 1-step button-hole maker. It was difficult to find a good machine with a 1-step for under $100, so this was quite a find.
It comes with a great variety of stitches, a (really cool) needle threader, and feels solid when I sew with it. I've used it for a couple of small projects so far, and it's been great. I am glad I made the choice I did!"
"This is your basic mechanical sewing machine. The picture they already show is what you get. It's light weight and easy to use.  It comes with three all purpose needles plus all the extras they list.  I purchased some heavy weight needles for jeans and had no problems sewing them.  It has reverse stitching for locking in the stitch. (Though you do need to hold down the button it's not a problem).

  If you just want a mechanical sewing machine that does the job and is affordable this is it.  I use it for hemming; fixing; and sewing curtains and other tasks as they crop up. It has a stitch length dial that is pretty basic.  Also a width dial that mostly positions the needle to the right; center; or left.

  Now This machine's foot pedal is tender to the touch I work it in my socks so I can regulate the speed better. Good lighting also.

  The only bad I would say about this machine is that the tension dial.  It is picky beyond belief. It takes patience to find the right number or close to one for different sewing material.  I just mark it off so I don't have to look for it again.  Go right to my marks and I'm set to go. ( Took one star off because of this).

  Now of course if your a professional seamstress or someone who sews a lot and is looking for perfect stitching you better off with the new computerized sewing machines.  This sews like machines of the past which is no problem for me.  Yes that means occasionally you get tangled in the bobbin area but it never effects my sewing as I'm done by then and just cut out the mess and continue.  Price is good; plus I applied for amazon's credit card which made it approx. a $67 dollar purchase and you can't beat that."
"This is my first sewing machine, and having managed to survive 60 years without one, I had more than a little concern that I would be able to figure out how to use it.  Not to worry -- this thing is simple to use, amazingly easy to thread and wind bobbins. and it's very powerful.  I sewed together thick sheets of plastic film, and it had no problem punching through it.  Provides very precise control over stitch length.  Since this is the only sewing machine I have used, I can't compare it to others, but it may be the only one I will ever need."
"This machine is probably great for simple purposes.  I bought it to make a kite, which I thought was pretty simple.  But it has two major flaws that make it totally worthless to me:

1) No way to sew slowly.  It has a gas pedal of sorts.  If you push it down 1/4th of the way, the machine makes a loud humming noise, but does not engage.  Push it down half way and it hums angrily, but still doesn't engage.  Push it down a fraction of a millimeter lower and WHAM it engages and yanks the fabric out of your hands faster than you can feed it, scrunching fabric up, and sewing all over the place.  I had to do most of my sewing by cranking the manual wheel on the side so that it would go slowly enough to be useful.

2) no way to adjust lower thread tension.  I had no idea I even cared about something as obscure as this, the lower tension is set at a value that should pretty much take care of things and you adjust the upper tension.  But as the project wore on the lower tension got loser and loser until the sewing machine became useless.  Lower tension that is too lose means lots of thread hanging loosely on the under side when you finish stitches - no matter how I set the upper tension.

So I don't recommend this sewing machine if you plan to sew anything with it.  I'm sure it's great for general utility uses like fixing loose buttons and sewing extra pockets into your favorite pants or whatever."
"As written by other buyers, my daughter-in-law had never touched a sewing machine before, and was able to begin sewing simple things right away. Yet she can go as far as she wants with it. My old machine must weigh 50 lbs and does nothing automatically! I recommend this item."
"I'm an intermediate beginner.  I have some experience with industrial machines from a sewing class but haven't made any completely successful garments yet.  A more experienced sewer suggested I buy a cheap Brother machine.  I bought this machine in June largely because of the positive reviews it received on Amazon.  Here are the pros and cons I've encountered to date:

PROS

--Price

--Bobbin winding and threading are straightforward (especially the threading function)

--Makes a nice stitch so far

CONS

--The manual is difficult to understand in parts and the layout and index are poor.  It also confusingly includes a Spanish-language version immediately after the English text instead of following the English version at the end, as is usually the case with dual- or multi-language manuals. (Some users over at the Wal-mart site had the same problem.)

--The markings on the soleplate don't run the entire length because the feed dogs and bobbin case (on top of the machine) get in the way.  The start of the gauge is fairly far behind the presser foot.

--The thread spindle can only handle small spools.  To accommodate larger spools I've had to tape chopsticks to the spindle.  I also bought a standalone thread hook to create height and tension, but haven't used it yet.

--The needle threader gets in the way. It's not that hard to thread a needle, and this is unnecessary.

--Has a somewhat toy-like feel.  But for $114, that's not surprising.

--Some of the optional feet are not snap on.

--Many desirable presser feet will not fit this model.  I think, but am not sure, that this machine is classified as a ""5mm presser foot model.""  The ""7mm"" accessories don't fit.  I went into a store after having researched another foot online. The place talked me into a $40 foot that does not fit and then would not take it back.  Make sure any feet you buy will fit on this model, or at least buy from a reputable source like Amazon.

--It has a lot of stitches that I don't really have much use for.  All I really want are a reliable and well-formed straight and zigzag stitch.

--The numerous dials are confusing and I can't but wonder if so many functions won't make the machine more likely to break down.

--An invisible zipper foot is not included.  That would have been much more useful than the accessory feet provided, which I believe are (they aren't labeled, which they should be), a 1/4 quilting foot, a narrow hemmer foot, a quilting foot and a blind stitch foot.

--It doesn't come with a carrying case.

Frankly, I'm beginning to wonder if I wouldn't have been better off applying the $100 I spent on this machine towards an entry-level Bernina or an industrial Juki.  More often than not you get what you pay for and sometimes cheap tools are more costly in the end.

Perhaps I will edit this review after a few more months of experience with this machine.

UPDATE, October 2011:  I used this machine a lot this summer.  My impression remains the same.  It's OK, but even for a first machine, I would invest a bit more money for a little more machine."
Excellent product and its multiple stich functions are really awesome. The price is decent compared to the same features offerred by others.
"I love this sewing machine,  iam a beginner and this is a great machine for someone just starting out to someone who is experienced"
"this machine does everything i could hope for. tip... i saved the box and use that to store the machine. lightweight, but sturdy. best value around!"
This machine is great.  I had previously bought the next model down which was awful!  This machine is so simple to use - I would recommend it to anyone.
"I am a high school student and have been using my grandmother's 50 year old Singer for the past few years, mainly for sewing clothes. I finally decided to do some research on sewing machines, and this machine was the PERFECT choice! I based my 5-star rating on price, quality, and function. The price couldn't have been better, it is sturdy and of very high quality, and has all the features I could ever need as a novice/intermediate sewer. I am self-taught, and was unsure of how to operate a sewing machine that had modern capabilities such as an automatic button-hole! The instructions were very useful, and I haven't once come across a project that I can't accomplish with this machine in the 3 months that I have had it. I highly recommend it!"
"I purchased this machine in early January of 2008. It arrived promptly by Amazon, as usual. I used it for a couple of weeks and a little piece of the automatic threader broke off. It took me over a week, counting the Presiden't holiday to get through to the sewing warrantly department at Brother. My options were to go have it serviced (over 100 miles away) or get a box sent and picked up from UPS for service. The issue I have is that they do not replace the machine in the meantime. They also will not extend warranty time frame any longer.

I phoned Amazon and they immediately arranged to send a replacement. I have purchased from Amazon for years, this is the first item I've needed to return. They came through.

I have purchased from Brother: a monochrome screen word processor, a Brother laptop, 2 Brother laser printers, 1 Brother laser multifunction, 1 Brother fax machine and now this sewing machine. This is the only Brother item I have needed service on. They did not come through. Make sure a repair center is close before you buy this machine.

As for the functionality of the machine, it is great for simple sewing. Anything heavier I recommend an industrial quality machine. This one is light which contributes to the poor quality of the materials."
It is light weight and compact. It does the jobs I want it for and is very easy to use.
"About me: I am an absolute beginner and my mother/granny did not sew. I am taking a sewing class and touched a sewing machine for the very first time there. (a 50-year old ELNA).

The only reason I am not giving this product a 5 star is because I have only used it for about 3 weeks so far and hence cannot vouch for its reliability long term.

Amazon delivered the machine in 3 days - very prompt service. The machine is easily portable and at the same time is not so light that it will trip over when working on an intensive project. Its modern and compact, and yet roomy enough to accommodate your fabric. While not overcrowded with features, it does come in with a handy set of features which will make your sewing experience simple and easy.

The manual was fairly good and I was able to set up the machine in about 20 minutes. Winding the bobbin and threading are very easy. Threading the bobbin is extremely simple (this model has the one-step bobbin threading). The storage compartment comes with about 3 types of presser feet, spare needles, spare bobbins and a tool.

There are 25 stitches - about 12 are decorative and the remaining are just various types of stitches. There is a needle thread guide which makes threading the needle very simple. The presser foot can just be snapped on and need not be screwed in.

The stitches are consistent and nice and machine is easy and efficient to work with. I would definitely recommend this for a beginner."
Works great.
"I have a line of handmade shawls on Amazon so I do A LOT of sewing every day. I purchased this three years ago for $90 not really expecting it to last very long but it has been a surprisingly good workhorse. I don't even take good care of it (I think I've oiled it and cleaned out the dust once) and I've had no issues whatsoever with it. None. It's lightweight and easy to use, making it a great choice for new and experienced sewers alike."
"Even if you don't know anything about sewing, you can use this product. It is very much user friendly and the manual clearly describes how to set it up and use it."
I have been sewing  for 60 years and it does every thing I need
"Good starter machine. Don't expect it to last forever, but it's pretty sturdy while it does last."
Very excellent gift for any woman who doesnt know how to sew. I bought this for my girlfriend and she is very happy with this machine!
"works fine with most of the thin materials, not so good with thicker or slight thicker materials"
"Looks good, but still haven't found a table for it yet. Never been used,"
"It's very easy to use, and works great."
"very nice, bought it for my mother in law, she loves it."
