"For those cosplaying Homestuck trolls, this stuff is a PERFECT color!  It stays on extremely well and doesn't smudge around much at all throughout the day.  It DOES smear easily if it gets wet, but as long as you're indoors and away from a pool, or something, that shouldn't be a problem!  Even if you're sweating, it doesn't smear badly.  I've worn it outdoors multiple times on EXTREMELY hot days and barely needed to touch up at all.  The upside to being water based is that it washes off very easily at the end of the day.  This stuff is great!  Seal it with some baby powder after it's dry and it's sure to stay on for the entire day!  :D"
"This face paint is pretty good; it lasts pretty well, though you may need multiple layers to get a completely opaque white. However, when I got the item, the cap was completely cracked up; i.e, i took it out of the packaging (which was obviously not a box, just a plastic parcel) and it basically fell apart in my hands. Spent about 5-10 minutes taping the cap back up because i didn't want the paint to dry out.

*edit* I'm not sure if it's because it dried out or what, but when i tried to apply it again, it started cracking on my face within ten minutes."
"Face paint wise, I highly recommend this as it glides on easily with or without water and is long lasting
the cover could be better made though as regardless of how it is shipped, after a few uses the cover always seems to crack and/or slides off too easily leaving your makeup to dry out, so I store in a ziploc bag
The product itself is awesome though, I love Snazaroo- they just need to re-think the packaging"
"Face paint wise, I highly recommend this as it glides on easily with or without water and is long lasting
the cover could be better made though as regardless of how it is shipped, after a few uses the cover always seems to crack and/or slides off too easily leaving your makeup to dry out, so I store in a ziploc bag
The product itself is awesome though, I love Snazaroo- they just need to re-think the packaging"
"I love this face paint but the three times I have ordered it online it has arrived broken
4th time is the charm? I just re-ordered so we shall see
My advise, buy it in store if you can find it as it is an awesome and long lasting face paint
The cover could be made better as it cracks easily regardless, after being stored a few times
But the makeup itself is fabulous!
I love Snazaroo and highly recommend them!"
"I've tried a few different body paints and Snazaroo has quickly made it to the top of my favorite list!

It's very easy to work with, application is fast and the color is thick. It's durable and doesn't smudge much if left unsealed but I'd still recommend sealing it with Ben Nye's&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Final-Seal-Matte-Makeup-Sealer/dp/B005MZ4A7C/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Final Seal- Matte Makeup Sealer</a>. Removal is quick and simple with water and soap."
"Compared to other Snazaroo colors white is certainly a bit harder to get right, but this tends to be the case with any white makeup.
It takes patience to get it completely white, but it's also very easy to work with. Snazaroo is one of my favorite brands for this, it doesn't smudge much but it's also easy to take off with water and soap once you're done. I'd still recommend sealing it with Ben Nye's&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Final-Seal-Matte-Makeup-Sealer/dp/B005MZ4A7C/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Final Seal- Matte Makeup Sealer</a>&nbsp;for a longer lasting look"
Perfect for Halloween. Used it for wicked witch of west costume and was a big hit. Would recommend it for anyone for that scary look
"This is the best face paint that I have found. Easy to apply, easy to mix, nice solid colours. I won't use any other kind.

*Update*
This yellow stains the skin and brought my daughter out in a rash on her face. She's never had an issue with facepaints before. I've contacted snazaroo and they've said they will send out a replacement. When that arrives I will be able to tell if it was just a bad batch or if there is just something different with the yellow that makes it unsuitable for my facepainting (I hope it was just a bad batch!)."
Snozaroo is such a perfect brand. This helped my cosplay as raven! It lasted a while and was good to my skin no acne problems after!! And so easy to come off of mt face and neck! I recommend this to anyone who cosplays!!
"Good face paint, goes on nicely, builds up or thins out, water soluble, comes of easily with oil or remover. It will sink into your pores without a barrier like a touch of make up or a primer, but better than most face paints."
"it's a bit difficult to put on until you have found your own strategy to put it on. sometimes the bottom layer will wipe off when you try to add layers.
contouring is little difficult even when you set it with baby powder, but layering more face paint on top helps to blend it.
i use a foundation brush and helps to use as little product as possible. i've used one tin of this paint for multiple looks.
honestly, i swear by this face paint even if it's difficult to put on. this face paint comes off easily with water and if you wear this to a con, be sure to set it and bring extra because it will most likely smear off during the event."
Very oily and the purple turned pink very quickly.
I live in Arizona and it melted over everything in the box and I cant use it :( I have bought this in the winter and had no problems.
"I've gotten many containers of Snazaroo for my cosplays before I got this one, and I'm definitely not disappointed! I got the burgundy color fake blood when I do cosplays, and white the burgundy just by itself is a nice color, I mixed the color I applied to my face with brown colored eye shadows to help it give off a little more ""bloody"" (Yet also somewhat cartoony) feel. I will warn though that if you do not wash this stuff off with some sort of face wash with rough beads or other similar things in them, it may stain your face (especially if you put a lot on or have worn it for a few straight hours). While I was able to get mine off my face pretty easily, I had little spots on my hands where it did not come out as well, so spots on my hands were slightly red for a few days. Even if you're not a cosplayer like me looking for extra details to spice up your costumes, I'd definitely recommend Snaz to anyone looking for an easy to wash off paint for kids, parties, or just fun projects!"
Homestuck cosplayer approved :33
I used Snazaroo for my Krolia cosplay at Fan Expo this week end. I used purple and white. Within an hour I had to clean up the face paint cause it was flaking off. I should have got mehron (tbh would have been cheaper) and used it instead. In the photo with Jeremy you can see that the face paint is just patchy and won't apply evenly. Before this photo I had even cleaned up the makeup. I used mehron once before and even with a sucky sponge from an old makeup kit worked better with it and covered more than snazaroo. Also for some reason its extremely hard to put eye shadow on with this face paint. I was not impressed
"Great condition! Brand new and it came undamaged, love it!"
"Works great, easy to figure out. Used it for my World of Warcraft orc cosplay."
"The color was perfect for my lava costume. I have the best consistency of color if I put a dab of water on the paint and use a sponge to apply with dabbing motions. It is great. Keep in mind that this is water soluble so it does come off in rain and water. That said, this is a simple clean up. Shower and wash like normal and you are done. I have sensitive skin and I did not have a reaction to this covering my face and arms. I did properly treat and prime my skin first to reduce any possible rash or breakout. I have three colors of this brand. Purple, red and orange. I use frequently and have barely dented the amount. If used with a sponge the coverage is perfect and uses minimal product."
"Perfect color match when I selected this, a little tough to apply, as far as makeup goes. Cleans up easy"
"I purchased this for a school project for some of my students. It was VERY difficult to apply, and did not go on smooth at all. You had to use a wet sponge, and even then they told me that the application took a very long time. I'm wondering if maybe we just got a bad container, but it was hard as a rock and it took a very long time to get any of the product onto a sponge."
"Easy to apply and easy to wash off.
And easily cleaned up off the bathroom"
"Love getting creative with face paints. Like how it's water activated and easy clean up. I am an amateur face painter (friends and family, with occasional fundraiser). I tried the oil based face paints you can get around Halloween and these are far superior in my book. So easy to use."
This is great stuff!  It goes on easy and smooth!
Works great but super hard to get off
"I thought this was a waterbased solid face paint, but it's a cream. Very hard to use."
Good coverage
Great product!! Love it! Fast shipping too!
"I used this for my Raven cosplay. The color is decent, but application isn't great. I'd say to stick with Mehron or Ben Nye. Application is patchy and doesn't blend easily. It also dries way too quickly (basically as soon as it touches your skin), which makes blending harder too. It doesn't stay too long, even with primers and setting powders/sprays, maybe for about 2 hours before the paint starts to move around and come off."
I mixed this green with a darker one of the same brand to do this look.
"I have been using this to touch up gray hair, though it will come off readily on cloth materials. Lasts a long time. Very handy to have around."
"This worked for what I was going for and I was able to wash them off afterwards.  No complaints, A+"
Used it as a base for a glitter beard and it was perfect.
This stuff is great! I made a template with tape and then just applied it with a wet beauty blender. The color is so bright!
"This is AMAZING. I have tried a few other make ups, and this one comes on and off the easiest. You don't need to cake it on your face to achieve the color or coverage you need, which is a plus for any cosplayer. I did have a slight issue with it wearing off if I touched my face, but it stayed on all dayl"
"She doesn't like it much because it's crusty and patchy, but okay for small stuff. Lasts forever."
Works well. Hard as hell to get off unless you scrub like you want your skin to come off. OK probably not that bad but I digress. Buy some
LOVE that this product is water based. I used it to paint my actors' hands and feet and it didn't transfer when grabbing other people.
It cracks and wrinkles a lot. I definitely don't recommend this. Especially if you're an aspiring cosplayer
Horrible! It was completely dried out. I needed it for a costume and managed to add water and make a paste that would make do. Would not recommend.
Used this for a minions play... My daughter's face was stained yellow for 2 days. Looks like she had a really bad case of jaundice.
Little bit goes a long way. Stayed on very well after setting with powder and hairspray.
"Okay, i'm writing this review to answer a bunch of questions that were asked
  First
This is water based you DO need to get it wet before application
  Second
This contanier holds alot i've cosplayed Porrim (A character whose; Back, Chest, Arms, Legs and Face are exposed) and I still had plenty left
  Third
Snazz is great but one must know is like any other makeup it can have flaws. In my experince you have about a 1/15 chance of getting a 'Bad Batch' this is why some people complain about it being flakey (In my experince their white will be the worst) IT MAY BE PATCHY AND OR FLAKEY BECASUE YOU HAVE DRY SKIN
  Forth
I've used just about every color of Snazzaroo under the sun and I have to say that the blues will lightly tint your skin after wear (This will come out either after an intense scrubbing session or twoish days) the skin tint it has left for me isn't very noticable but it is there, with a light cov foundation you can hide it!
  Fifth
this works and won't be patchy on every skin color, if your skin isn't working with the paint try a base coat of white/ Grey
  Sixth
its water based so sweating and any water will make it smear or wash away"
"Snazaroo is always great. Great coverage if you activated the right way by adding water and creating like a cream. Great price, great product."
what arrived
"When I opened the container the paint was completely hard and solid, unusable. I am very disappointed it was not worth the money."
great
"I used this mostly for my Mettaton Cosplay. At first the paint was crumbly and didn't stay on well, but if you use a hair spray to set it (and also move your face between layers) it comes with a nice, clean finish! If you plan on going out with this, keep in mind it sometimes does crack if you don't paint and set properly but otherwise I highly recommend it!"
Pretty good for what I need it for
"I always used Wolfe brand so my first time using it but was interested to try it. It is water based, much thicker texture and seems to stay put longer than Wolfe brand. I was quite impressed when comparing them"
"It came open in the envelope, sad:("
super easy to use.  one coat coverage
"It has a nice pigment and the color is exactly how it looks in the picture, BUT it's extremely drying and smears really easily. You have to wait before applying each layer, and it cracked and flaked off before I even finished"
go with ben nye or wolfe brands instead. snazaroo does not apply smooth and is very chunky.
Awesomeness!
wish I'd tried this before using more expensive brands in the past.. applied to entire face and shoulders and chest with a wet brush and after it dried it was great looked good all night for Halloween...(as a bright red devil) did not come off on clothes much at all either.
Great paint and a little goes a long ways!
"Not at all what I expected. Does not apply well and is very faint. Didnt work well at all for the face paint I was going for. If you want a more washed-out look, then maybe this is the product for you. But if you're going for a very solid look, this isnt."
"I love snazaroo, it works very well, and it was shipped very quickly. Yay. :)"
"So, its a good product. Goes on nicely. It just smudges like crazy. Youll get it on literally everything.... make sure to baby powder that up!"
"A little difficult to work with, but got the job done and stood up for long-wear."
When I first received this I HATED IT. It came with no instructions on how to use it so when I was trying apply it it was like trying to use a crayon.. it wasn't until after I gave them all to a friend that I was shown that you need to add water..
"Great color, but really solid and firm. Hard to use for full face painting (like Halloween). I'm guessing it's best for artistic face painting with brushes."
perfect
"Great quality, very pigmented, and easy to apply. Just wipe it with a wet brush and apply!"
"Plastic covering over product was extremely hard to get off, strings of glue from the side of the container were falling out... Other than the case, everything else was fine."
"Loved the product. This color was perfect for my beast boy. Needed two coats.  Stayed pretty well unless it got wet (I missed my mouth while drinking once...) Need to pick up a better finishing spray.

Loses one star because it stained my skin pretty good and stayed for.ever. I'm wondering if its because my skin was so dry from winter and work that it sucked up the color with the water.

Overall though, loved it. Already ordered different colors to add to my collectiin"
It was rock hard when we received it but I didn't have enough time to order a new one or look for something else because we needed it. Certainly was not what I expected.
"Worked great for our make-up faces for Halloween, stays on good, doesn't smear hardly at all, recommend if you're painting your face for Halloween."
I got this to complete my 4 year olds Wicked Witch of the West costume. I used a cotton round at first but it wasn't working that great so I used some of my makeup brushes to apply it to her face and hands and it worked great. It took me a few attempts to realize you need to wet the brush with water to get the makeup to blend. Makeup does rub off more than I liked especially on a little kid that moves around a lot. Might want to use a makeup finishing spray to get it to set.
"Amazing.  Very easy to use, pigmented and long wearing."
"Perfect, for the wicked witch of the west!!"
Great value
I was nervous at first that it would be hard to wash this off my little hulk but it came off great!
Great Makeup for costume
I was using Wolfe Products but I must say I have found a better brand I love now! Definetly will be buying more often.
"This is true to cover and had great coverage.  Just a few provisos: 1) you need to use a real make-up sponge and slightly wet it, or you won't get any color up from the palate; 2) this ships from England, so expect it to be about a week at minimum.  My package ""shipped"" within 24 hours, but arrived in about a week.  This caused a bit of a panic, because the estimated arrival time was a month, and that would have rendered the make-up useless to me.  It did arrive in time, but not before I ran around to several stores in search of a substitute.  Anyway, it was great make up and reasonable for the cost in the end, but its no good for a last minute purchase."
great coverage. daughter us it for cosplay
Goes on sort of dry which is great. No more grease face paint!  Would buy again!
Not what I expected
"Made my face burn, almost impossible to apply"
I bought several of snazaroo face paint for Dia de los Muertos Carnaval . I was disappointed when  I read in the manufacturer's instructions that you cant use this paint around the eye area. This is an important  information that they didn't write in the Amazon webpage. I couldn't return the product because I missed the return policy deadline .
Its snaz. The good snaz. For the good homestuck cosplays. Stuff will crumble on your face though which sucks.
Very nice and not cakey product adheres well
"This worked pretty well for our Poppy costume, I'm just not the best at applying it. I'm sure someone more skilled (and more willing to take longer than two minutes to apply haha) could get a really good look with this stuff.

It definitely transfers easily, though, so my daughter had pink all over the place."
"Used for Halloween & plan to use for Homestuck cosplay.  Kiddo was very happy with the look.  We used a light coating, and applied with a combination of brush and makeup sponge.  You do need to add a few drops of water intermittently, and you can put it on in whatever density you want.  We used it to make a thin layer of gray.  It does tend to rub off on everything; you have to give it time to dry after you put it on, to minimize the rub off."
Works fine; doesnt irritate
Great face paint! I wanted something that was nice but not SUPER expensive. This is just what I needed. Let's me paint my kiddos face over and over for Halloween or cosplay. Goes on super smooth and you don't need to apply multiple coats like the store bought stuff down the Halloween aisle at your local supermarket. I did not receive this product for free and I would buy it again.
Great coverage loved it for pinkie pie
"I bought this face paint for Halloween. I had planned to do a ""noir"" style costume--in complete black and white. My initial application of this product was good at first. Once it started to dry, it cracked and smeared, and felt very strange. However, I tried again using a face primer first. This made a world of difference! I applied the face primer, then the paint, and then used a translucent powder. On Halloween, I actually finished off with a setting spray just for added security. The paint did not move. It didn't smear--accept for a couple of barely noticeable spots on my hat and collar--even after having people touch my face. Over all, I think this product was great--with the help of a couple of additional products. (For the record, I used wet n wild's face primer and setting spray.) Also, this is more of a cool gray, so expect your eyes and teeth to look yellow!!"
It is difficult to apply the makeup.
Its been hard to find a burgundy/maroon face paint. This did the job for our football game
"Super difficult to apply, nearly impossibly to make even. I've used different body paints and this is the worst I've ever used, which is disappointing considering I've always heard great things about the brand. That being said, after over an hour of applying, the unevenness didn't end up making the costume bad."
It was really dry and I had to add a little water but then couldn't get rid of streak marks
I didn't really like this face paint. It was thick which is good but it started cracking immediately. I would not recommend this face paint or ever buy it again. I ended up putting cheap walmart face paint over it to keep it in place.
nice item.  doesn't crach
So great for the price. I will definitely buy again. It is pretty good coverage. Does cone off with water (obviously since its water activated). Perfect for halloween. I suggest using both a brush and a beauty blender to blend. Lasted though dancing at halloween parties.
Thick and pasty. Not what I expected.
"Very hard to get this stuff to spread onto my face, had to use my fingers in the end and my poor fingers were very green. At first it wouldnt come off my fingers very well but oddly after wearing it on my face for over 5 hours, soap and water got the job done! If it spread better Id give it more stars but it was very streaky."
Color was darker than expected. But worked good for Halloween.
"Highly trusted! This was recommended to me by a friend who does a lot of face painting and theatre makeup work. I'm now a loyal follower of Snazaroo paints. I've used it on people with extremely sensitive skin and they have had no reaction to it. The coverage for the white is great. If you want full white coverage (clown white) you can get that with this, or just dab and blend for a white-ish ghostly look. Very versatile and highly recommended. One cake will go a VERY long way."
best ever
"I bought it in white for Halloween. I wanted to be the make-up pro version of Jigsaw, but the white was very cakey so I ended up looking like the papier-mch version. The face paint is very covering thats why it gets three stars, but the finish was not smooth at all. I did however also buy the red face paint for a friend who wanted to be a devil and it was gorgeous. I ended up doing a  HIM (from Powerpuff Girls) costume and it looked great. Make sure you set the final look with a setting powder because it transfers a lot."
My girls use it and says its the best she has used !  Color is bright and goes on smooth.
Worked great. Easy to apply and easy to take off. Great product.
Really hard to spread evenly!
"Snazaroo makes the best face paint in my opinion. We do a lot of festivals and do full faces. The paint doesn't run, blends beautifully and colors are vibrant if put on properly. I have sensitive skin and have worn it all day with no problem. Washes off with water. Amazon runs sales and I buy it on sale. Paints 100's of faces. I just keep adding colors but if you start out with brown, black, blue, yellow and red you can mix colors to get beautiful colors. It just takes a little time. And a palette."
"Bought it for a Halloween costume. It took me a bit to figure out, but it did the job - you need to add a little bit of water to get the smooth application you need on your skin. It stains your fingers when applying, but I didn't have trouble taking it off my face at the end of the night. Great value though."
Worked out pretty well.  A little hard to put on but that might just be me.  Washed off nicely
I love this facepaint! Its easy to work with and offers good coverage. The price is right. I recommend for beginners or play use at home.
Bought this for Halloween face painting.  As described and quick shipping
"For the price, the product worked great. I went as Shego for Halloween and my husband went as Kim Possible (LOL). I mixed the lime green with white to more similarly match the character, but I will tell you I had a green tint to my face for two or three days. No matter how many makeup remover wipes, amounts of face wash, or times I used toner, there was always a trace amount of green coming off of my face. That being said, I was in a hot spandex costume in a crowded party all night and the makeup didn't budge.  The spots that had more white did seem to clean off nice and easy, so it could simply be the vibrancy of the lime green. I also have the most sensitive skin in the world and I did have a bit of a reaction (skin became sensitive to the touch and swollen around my eyes). In all fairness it does say to keep away from your eyes...so I couldn't be too mad. All in all, the product did what it said it would and a little goes a LONG way."
"I highly recommend this paint! I wore this all day and especially at a convention and It lasted the entire time, Only my lip line was tinted pink after awhile, But that's common, I did use E.L.F Translucent Perfect Finish HD Powder, Before and after applying the paint, And no fancy brushes, Just some simple Crayola paint brushes with a pointy tip. Another thing we did was instead of putting water into the paint, We wet the brush with water and swirled it in the paint. I didn't sweat or  need to reapply any paint, And it didn't crack nor flack, And I was wearing a suit with a trench coat. I was very impressed how well this paint is! And with how small we seemed to use, This will last us a long time. For anyone who is looking for some good long lasting paint for cosplay, This is a good choice! And for how nice this paint is, The price is incredible! And it only took warm water and soap to wash it off. If I need paint, Snazaroo will be my Go-To brand."
These paints are great! You barely feel you have them on you!
So this green I ordered was too green but once I watered it down it was the perfect green so you can play with it to make it the right green for you.
"no instructions, i found it very dry and hard to spread. Finally wet it and it spread much better.  Stayed on good and came off easily"
"Buildable and covers well. I have medium, olive skin tone. Used a damp beauty sponge to blend over my face for a costume. It creased a little on my lower lid but that's normal with my regular makeup anyway. Overall it stayed put, just brb sure to set it with a powder to prevent transferring."
Stained the skin for 3 days!!!
"This is the first time I've ever really used any kind of body/face paint. I decided to cosplay as Hades from Hercules for comicon and did my run through for Halloween. It took me a while to get how much water to used and what kind of brush to use worked out but I ended up settling with 1-2 drops of water on the disk at a time and an eyeshadow/concealer brush. It was still kinda blotchy in person, but I'm also a perfectionist. Overall, it went on pretty easy and washed off easily too. My skin felt terrible for a couple of days, but I expected that. I have really sensitive skin so I was happy I didn't break out in hives. I'm also covered in freckles so I was happy it covered everything. I got a lot of compliments, and then one guy who thought I was really just that pale......
I did my face, chest, and one arm (one sleeve dress) and I have more than enough to do the same several more times at least.

I'm really pleased with this and it photographs really well :)

(4 stars for application issues)"
little goes a long way
This light gray face paint did the job for what i needed it to do for Halloween I was a widow zombie ! Only thing is it doesn't take much for it to rub off onto your hands etc which can be a good or bad thing
Paint was too dry. Wasnt able to use it by itself. I had to mix it with a white foundation in order for it to go on evenly and not dry out while wearing it.
I was so impressed with this face paint for the price point.  It was really easy to put on (mix with a little water) and really easy to remove too.  It's not professional quality but it's perfect for casual costume use and halloween (which was what I needed it for).
Not sure what happened to mine but I couldn't spread it at all.  I tried heating it up with a blow dryer and adding warm water to the sponge but nothing worked.
Received my snazaroo white face paint and it is completely missing the lid. The product is dried out. Tried to return or get a replacement and cannot be returned or rectified. Wont buy this again.
"Water activated, opaque. This color was very nice and I recommend it.  Doesn't streak when used with a beauty blender/sponge. Will streak if you use a brush."
"I was extremely impressed with this facepaint.
I've tried many brands over the years, creating the perfect halloween look. This brand by far is my favorite.
Unlike most facepaints, there was no cracking or smudges while applying. I used only a little water on paint brush per stroke and it came out perfect. It lasted a great deal of time on my 6 year old daughter. That being said, she is very sensitive when it comes to makeup and paints on her face. Itchy scratchy, and breaks out at times. This product did not cause any problems. It's soft and smooth and gave the perfect tone I was looking for. We went as the Nightmare before christmas, my daughter being sally. I will definitely continue to purchase this brand for years to come. I am extremely picky when it comes to creations. And this fit my high expectations perfectly. Held on very well for boo at the zoo, and all day affair. However I did do a small touch up before the costume contest. Either way great product!!! Highly recommend"
This face paint works really well but the reason I give it four stars instead of five is because its a little hard to put on and it looks a little blue but otherwise its a really good product.
Difficult to apply. Very hard and did not soften enough for a good application.
I bought this for skull makeup for Halloween and it worked beautifully.  The coverage was nice and I didn't really have to layer it at all.
Will only be getting my face paint from unguys.  His stuff is amazing.  And worked so well.  And lasted all night in my 9 year old.  She has he blue.
"I love Snazaroo products, but would like to see a much even covering. sometimes the aspect i's too 'watery'. if I use much more paint it turns 'chunky'. still, I will keep buying it. it's much better than other brands I've used."
This was a bit hard to apply without water but it worked well for my Halloween face paint.  I used it underneath the green face paint.
Amazing coverage for my pleadantville costume. We used both light and dark gray for varied skin tones. Keep sponge wet and it spreads easy enough.
"We used this as clown makeup for a play, it performed perfectly with the right balance between opacity and ease of removal. Our actress was able to have it fully removed in under 2 minutes without leaving her skin red or using anything other than a damp paper towel."
"perfect for them good homestuck cosplays, i just wish it wasn't so blue"
"Color was vibrant & stayed on for the most part.. my 3 year old was Branch from the movie Trolls for Halloween, so he definitely touched/rubbed his face more often than an older child or adult would.  But I would definitely recommend this brand!"
I believe he best way to make his product work is to wet it with a paint brush style brush and then go over with a sponge for an even application. That and moisturize your skin prior to application so your skin doesn't feel dry or patchy
Snazaroo is the best face paint!
I still have it nice color beautiful finish I support this product HIGHLY!
Ok this is nothing against snazaroo but my package got delivered by ups and it one it came 2 days late and 2 one of my face paints was missing and i ordered 2 dark grey face paints!!
Perfect for skull makeup for Halloween! I'm glad I had bought this because my black shadows and eyeliners just weren't as purely dark as this stuff. Very glad with purchase.
Oh my goodness!! I made my daughters face up early Halloween morning so she could wear it to work . She was a puppy dog. It lasted all day and then that night when we went to another daughters for our Halloween get together. Everyone was very impressed. Thank you soooo much. Heather Townsend
"Worked great. Applied fast and easy and didn't smear during four hours of trick-or-treating. Washed off just fine, too. Would recommend to others"
I can't tell you how awesome this product is. It does wear off onto clothes but not a lot. I've used others that were awful but this was only wearing one collar. It didn't irritate my skin (which is awesome since everything irritates my skin). Totally will buy again!
Worked great for an evening of costuming.
"I found the ""light grey"" to have a significant blue tone to it. I had to add a lot of pale foundation to get a true grey. Other than the color, the product was easy to apply, stayed on great, and was easily removed with soap and water."
"This product was so dry that it was not usable. I bought a cheaper face paint from a local store, and the difference was night and day. Make sure you test the product as soon as you get it, don't wait until you need it because you may be disappointed."
A great face/body paint for a reasonable price! Goes on very easy and solid! It doesn't take much layering to get a full result! I used it this Halloween for my Darth Maul costume!
"My husband was Fear from Inside Out for Halloween, so we needed some purple face paint. Not only was this paint difficult to apply even using a makeup sponge, but it also had a very pinkish hue in some spots rather than purple. Quite disappointing."
"Being an amateur, I had no idea how to use this so I googled it and found water was key!  After that it was perfect!!  I got gray, white and black so I could do raccoon faces for Halloween... maybe KISS next year!!"
Perfect! Exact color as shown.
"My son wore the lime green for his Beast Boy Halloween. It worked, but was slightly too bright for my liking.  That's a preference though. The reason I gave it 3 stars is because it stained his face.  He had to go to school the next day with a green tint on his face.  ;-)  Maybe a primer would have prevented that? I'm not sure. Otherwise, it went on easy. (Wet your fingertips for easier and smoother application.) and covered great, didn't rub off easily.  Washed off in shower with regular soap and water.  I just wish it didn't stain."
Best face paint around. Most white face paint requires numerous coats and come off oily or shiny. This one doesnt. One coat covers even the darkest of skin. I did my husbands face makeup and mine this halloween and it didn't even make a dent in this paint. A little goes a very long way. Dries quickly and comes off easily with water. I very much recommend it!
The texture and staying power of this body paint is great. The thing I had a problem with was the color. It is NOT light gray. It's definitely slate blue.
"I ordered this in 2 colors and both arrived the week of Halloween. I tired then both out the night before Halloween and the other color works well,  but the orange was completely dried out and not usable. Trying to mix it with some water to get it to work a little because I don't have time to go get anything else. Pretty disappointed."
"The product is good. The color is green, not teal. Green, like grass."
"GREAT STUFF! Can use WITH or WITHOUT water to apply. (Water and Snazaroo sponges = best to cover LARGE areas)!
We bought THIS brand, for its reputation of being safe for those who need non-comedogenic make-up. My 15 y.o. has serious skin problems and allergic to MOST ALL make-up/lotions. She had several colors on for 8hours+, 3 days in a row, and DID NOT have a reaction."
What a great face paint!! It only took me a couple coats to have a nice even application. I applied some translucent powder (after) to set and it lasted the entire night. I received tons of compliments on how well it looked. Best of all it came off immediately with face soap and water. I would buy again!
"Worked great! This paint went on smoothly, and stayed put. Use with water! A little moisture with this paint helps for spread-ability. As an extra precaution I sprayed my face with a setting spray after I was done painting, and it lasted me the entire evening. Will use again for sure."
Lasted all night! Was easy to apply and remove.
The soft pink is super gorgeous! I am a strictly snaz cosplayer so I knew I wouldn't be disappointed. The color is perfect for your favorite bubblegum characters or just for fun! I highly recommend this to anyone looking to be a pink character!
Worked amazingly for my halloween costume!!
"This is awesome face/body paint at a great value. Really satisfied how well it applied, stayed on, and came off. Just washed off with water, althought it was barely smudgy at all before that! The one thing is that it's a little tricky to apply-- because it's so solid, I recommend not using a brush but instead using the back of a paintbrush, and toothpicks for defail."
"Bought 2 of these for my 6yr old sons soccer team. One was more than enough for the faces of 8 6-7 year olds. It was low 80s when they played with no setting before the paint and no finishing spray. By the end of the game one boys paint had yellow and blue color patches on his face, another the green had faded and others were still green. This all depended on how much the boys sweated. I used a wedge to apply and a water dropper. Used approx 4-5 drops of water missed with my wedge, repeated about 3 times for each boy. It worked to turn the team into hulk and I am happy with the results. I read reviews so knew their would be issues with sweat but still worth the money. My son continued to play with him teammates after the game for almost another hour. By the 2 hours of play time was over he was melting. There were no negative reaction on anyones skin."
"Snazaroo is a great brand honestly! I know a lot of people prefer to use more professional face paint for cosplays but many people start out with this facepaint and its perfectly good? I have both the gray and the white. I haven't used the white much yet but you want to apply it thick. The gray has a slight blue undertone but thats okay as when I'm doing the troll cosplays I bought it for that can work for characters with cool-colored blood, and for characters with warm-colored blood the eyeshadow I use as blush cancels it out. As this is water-based it'll obviously come off with water, so be careful wearing it on hot days or to the beach. For application I've found that using my fingers works better than a makeup sponge, however if you have success with a sponge than you might be more skilled than me."
This stuff is amazing! Lasted all night! I used spray deodorant under to limit sweat and a setting powder over and it was flawless!
"This stuff was great. It does take a little bit of layering to get a solid shade, but it was long wearing. Lasted the entire night without a smudge.  A little goes a long way.  Will definitely buy other colors for future costumes."
This paint was great. The only problem I had is it did not come with instructions. The paint was firm when I got it and I have never painted faces before so I was confused as how to paint the face with what I thought was dry paint. I used water on my paint brush and the application was very smooth from then on....... Just wished it had application instructions so I wouldn't have driven myself crazy trying to figure it out
"My daughter wanted a green face (as a witch) for Halloween.  This was EASY to put on (make sure to get a makeup sponge though)...at the end of he night we wiped it off and her face was I ORANGE...she looked jaundice, but the next morning we washed her face with soap and it came right off."
Great water based face paint with lots of pigment for the price.  I've used professional paints and these hold up just as well. Thise is my 4th snazaroo purchase
"Nice face paint, is water activated, which I love and comes off in the shower"
"Exactly what I need. Snaz is a go-to product for me as a face painter on a budget. I will always be using this brand. Wish they would make split cakes, though."
This product is difficult to apply. I am applying it with my fingers to paint my whole face and its a nightmare.
I had to add a little water to get it going but it worked great. Good product and stayed on for my event. Didn't dry or flake off either
It works fine but that rotten egg smell Everytime it's on my face is unbearable. It takes 4 layers to get the desired effect but there's plenty of it so use up!
The good news is that this worked fine on my sensitive skin and felt light and natural. The bad news is that the Pale Green color is virtually translucent and the makeup was so hard that no amount of water and sponging could get enough out and onto my skin to be noticed. People just thought I was slightly pale if they saw me in just the right light.
"love the pigmentation, has left no staining,BE AWARE THIS WATER ACTIVATED. only downside compared to the other colors i bought it flakes for some reason"
"Water activated face/body paint. You get what you pay for, as Snazaroo is a well trusted brand to use on skin give this a go. I prefer using Mehron or Kryolan face and body paints because the color is so vivid. Snazaroo is pretty good, can geet patchy, and its harder to draw on details with. But, you do get your money's worth buying this face paint. It works and does the job."
Pretty color but package came completely damaged with facing glass shattered! Afraid to use for fear of getting plastic shards on my daughters face.
"The inner container that contains the paint is not attached to the outer hard plastic container. It seems to be a little dry and crusty, and the inner seal was already cracked open exposing the paint. There was also paint on the outside of the container on the label before I opened the container."
"Very pigmented, delivered just in time for halloween"
"It's hard to get the hang of applying sufficient coverage without it flaking or smearing later, but it's been effective for me nonetheless."
I purchased the teal for our homecoming tailgate party.  It is not teal - it is green.  Almost Kelly Green.  :(  No way to contact seller to see if replacement can be a different color.
"We loved it!!! The color I chose was ""Bright Green"" and it was perfect for Shehulk!! I used a paint brush , I tried using a sponge but was not working for me! My babygirl loved that she was not able to feel the paint!! When it came to wash it off , it was super easy and came off right away!!!! Great product!!!!!!"
I bought it to fill in a stencil and it took ALOT of paint to do so with many layers. I've used body paint before and knew generally what to expect but it took just a little too much.
"I bought both Bright Red and Black for my Darth Maul make up and i like it! I personally prefer Mehron, but I think for the price, Snazaroo does a great job!
The red color was easy to apply and was well coated. I didn't have trouble at all"
Awesome coverage and goes on really well. I have sensitive skin and it didn't do any harm. The only thing is the smell is kinda weird but I mean it's face paint. Cant wait to use it this Halloween!
"It did the job, but was pretty gloppy/chunky to work with. Had to work it in between my fingers to smooth it out first. I'd suggest a product that more of a cream texture."
"Good product when I opened it.

Dried out right after. Not sure how to prevent that. Had to throw it out."
Grandaughter Lived it.
Great! Use it for cosplay lovely color
"The label says sky blue but the actual paint is very dark, with purple tone.

Pros: cheap. Washes off with water. The 18-ml container gives multiple face applications. Doesnt need to be set with powder. Washes off easily with water.

Cons: washes off easily with water or sweat. Takes more than one application to get an even tone application with a sponge.  Stained nailpolish.

Not good for body application all day at a convention. OK for a school play, or showing team colours, fun face painting or under other powder and water based makeup for a short duration use. (Eg photoshoot on exposed skin only.)

I took a chance on this because it was really cheap and intended to be used for indoor photoshoot in an air conditioned space. For longer times in hot environments, I suggest grease paints or alcohol paints, and for speed of application and even coverage I suggest airbrush body paints."
Did not cover very well at all.
Disappointed because the color was different from what it came. It looks purple and bought it based on the color.
"Nice paint lasted a good long time and true to the color on the web, I used it all over for a gamora costume and It looked great."
Perfect for my cosplay. Doesn't play as well with water though.
Got this for a costume party.  I really didn't have an instructions on how to use and there is no pad to apply it with.  I did have a make-up sponge that worked well for that as soon as I learned to apply water to the white paste.  Washed off well too.  Plan to use it again for Halloween.
"It worked wonderful! It stayed on all day, though after 4~ hours there was spots where our clothes rubbed against it that was fading a bit, but it wasn't noticeable. Also, for fuller coverage, like what beast boy needed, I recommend using a makeup brush and applying lots of coats. Really,  a little does go a long way, but don't be afraid to use a bunch to get the look you want. Really easy to clean off too! I recommend this stuff! Raven was done with a mix of the white and light grey and Beatboy used the bright  green paint."
Great color. Easy to apply
I LOVE this paint! It goes on so smoothly and covers very well. My hands are stained...but I should have known to wear gloves or something. Oh well! It was worth it!
"Arrived completely dried out, but I can't wet it to reactivate it because water dissolves it."
This stuff is perfect for home stuck. I recommend it over the light grey.
The white face paint have a slight of smell to it and the color when activated with water it kind of streaky and when it dry I try to put on another layer it's seem to smug easily and the bottom layer seem to remove as I go in with another's layer
I love It! The makeup color is perfect and it goes on so smooth. Doesn't cake up or flake lime most makeup does after wearing for a short while. Great price! Fast shipping!!
Worked great! I painted my whole face white to be the joker & it looked great! I still have 99% of the white make-up left as well! Fast shipping & very nice on my skin!
"Really like this! More opacity with one application than I expected, with a very comfortable feel. Easy to wash off, but not rub off."
Great
Didn't get as many uses out of it as I would have hoped
Not that bad. I usually use different stuff and this was my first time with the product. It was really hard at first to use. But with a little water added and that it fixed it up. Not that bad.
The best coverage I have discovered in all over costume makeup. Perfect color for Hades cosplay
"I do online videos for my social media channels and wanted to do a parody of a popular fast food franchise clown. ()

No make up experience in my life before. Was skeptical because people have used make up on me and IT WAS AN ANNOYANCE TO TAKE OFF but after using this, it was like a dream!

I applied it with my hands, (probably should've used more...again, no make up experience lol) and washed off super easily with soap and water!  Check out my pics lol."
"Didn't recieve face paint, but instead I got a tube of mascara. ): Would give no stars if I could."
Can't wait to use it at my next con
"Just what I expected, but shipping was a bit awkward (according to the tracking, it bounced back and forth from LA to San Bernardino a few times) LOL"
"It was good,but when I tried doing my whole face and a thicker layer it did crack a little Moore then I thought. (White)"
Snazaroo works great and always has! I wear it too full day conventions and all it requires is a little touch up here and there!:3 Great product!
"To me, this looks like more of a magenta than a burgundy, but maybe I just need to apply more layers.
Great coverage and feel on my face... not greasy,
and easy to remove with warm water and soap. :)"
"Works but has a tendency to melt if working in the sun, I think that's all sanzaroo paint though."
its ok .. clumped up almost right away but can still use.. probably won't buy it again thou
I used it for a Homestuck cosplay and it worked decently
This was perfect for my raven cosplay. It's is very easy to use and the color is exactly how it is shown on the picture.
"Stays on really well, and the color was really nice! I only had to reapply on my forehead once after five hours (Which is long staying power for something that is constantly rubbed against! I was wearing a hood, and was also a bit sweaty) Not uncomfortable, stiff, or itchy. Great for cosplaying!"
"Really good for short term wear but not good for long term. I used this for a cosplay convention and I found that it dries out and flakes off VERY QUICKLY. Since it's so flaky it is very hard to reapply, but it washes of easily, so that's a plus if you don't want to be tinted green lol. Overall, it's a decent product I don't recommend for all day use. As you can see in the attached pictures, by 10am all of the painf on my nevk had flaked off. The last photo was taken around 7."
I love snazaroo paint :)
"I actually bought this to use on my dog after reviewing different dog paints and non toxic paints safe for animals, I needed white to make him into a fawn for a festival. White dog paint is hard to come by so I got this non toxic face paint as he won't be able to reach to lick it either way. I tested it out on him and for what effort I put in the color was bright and vibrant, in fortunately I found it hard to get the color from the tin to his fur as the paint is ROCK SOLID like hard clay, yet it's not dried out, it took quite a few hard pressed finger rubs to even get enough color for a single spot."
Will purchase again.
"Darker than a light brown, but a good product."
Seemed to be a high quality product. I used it straight but others in a face painting booth diluted it worth water and used it on kids.
"I purchased this paint so I wouldn't have to use (hard to remove) eyeliner to draw my eyebrows and line my lips when cosplaying trolls from the webcomic Homestuck. This paint is extremely pigmented and goes on very bold while still easily being covered by different shades of Snazaroo in case I needed to fix a mistake, and while providing a subtle contouring effect when I lightly applied it with a makeup sponge. It washed off completely with water (not even soap needed!)."
"As the title says, I have NEVER used any sort of body paint before. I was working on some costumes though, that would need some black for work, so decided to give this a try. I can say its AMAZING. This is very easy to use, and lasts a long time. I did go and buy some setting powder to use after a first test, but even without it, it held a long time. It comes off super easy with some water and soap as well.
I have sensitive skin, and it didn't bother me at all either, another nice plus.
Attached is a photo of my 'test run'. Just wanted to see watch control you can have, and if it would bother my skin. Again works amazing, and looks great."
"It's a very dry paint, so it takes a bit of extra effort to smooth it out on the skin. It does look very nice after applied correctly."
the product seal had been broken and the product was dried out. It was taped shut w/ scotch tape.
"Don't use this for large areas of skin. I cosplayed a green-skinned character and painted my entire face and neck with this. It went on patchy and uneven, and my face was left dyed a sickly shade of yellow for a week."
My grandson used it in plays at school and it was great. Glad I ordered it and didn't have to go looking all over the place.
Not that this paint is bad but I got white despite ordering purple
Bought Light Grey and Dark Grey to use when I went grey scale for some conventions. The first time I tried I had some trouble blending the colors to make shading and highlighting changes. But that was my bad. The great thing about this paint is that the amount of water you use affects the application but not really the lasting time. Just play around with it! Super easy to use. I even used my makeup brushes to apply and it worked even better. Definitely going to buy more colors to experiment with.
"I never liked Snazaroo since it was heavy on my face and liked to crack, though it was good for my body."
"Just the right color, always comfortable to wear, doesn't irritate my skin either."
"I used this product for a cosplay and it worked wonderfully. Of course application was a bit messy, but it lasted all day and looked great."
"The color was very pigmented and went on easily as all other snazaroo paints I have have done in the past however, the paint left some pretty stubborn tinting on my face and hands that remained for around 12 hours after removal. I still like and will use the product, this particular batch/hue was a bit more problematic than I'm used to."
"I purchased both the light and dark grey, both are the exact same color. Both were very blue on my skin. Not anything close to what i expected. These colors do not layer well and they are not something you can use in the heat. I'm glad I did a test run before comic con or else I would have become a melting mess."
I would honestly recommend this for anyone who is cosplaying any homestuck troll it stays on pretty well and takes a lot to take it off
"I really like the Snazaroo face paint line. The paint is very high quality and goes on smoothly, and doesn't crack or flake off when it dries. It stays soft and supple, which the kids really like. Also, I love how thick the coverage is and the paints don't stain the skin (some very dark colors may leave a slight stain). Overall, a great product and one of my favorite face paints to use."
Blends very well. Very good quality!
Worked great. Required two to three coats to get full coverage. Stayed for the three hours I was at the con. Easily washed  out of all the clothes I was wearing so that's a bonus.
Great!
did not cover as well as expected
Nice coverage and lasts a while
"I used this sky blue color for a sapphire cosplay, and its the closest color for her skin.  the oder is almost not there, and the color sticks well. i recommend this brand."
I heard from other cosplayers that this was the face paint must for HS characters and after using it I couldn't agree more. Used multiple time and still have a lot left. Very happy with this purchase.
Worked well for its intended purpose
"Easy to apply.  The product provided an even coverage, but wasn't as opaque as I would have preferred."
Worked really well.
Love snazaroo paints.
Used this for a school production where one of my girls was the witch from Wicked - worked great! Definitely left her tinted green for a few days ;)
I bought the dark grey one accident but it's PERFECT! Spreads nicely! Not splotchy! It came two or three weeks early too!
Everything good!
good product
"I had read all the great reviews on this product and decided to purchase it for my Raven (Teen Titans) cosplay. This is my first experience with water-based face paint and it was not pleasant. First off, the ""light grey"" ended up turning out more blue tone based. I tried to do a thin layer but my skin color was still showing through so I had to add at least two layers until it was completely covered. I tried several methods of application, but the end product was still splotchy, looked cakey, and just did not look good! The only good thing about this was that it did not irritate my skin, and it stayed on  for hours in 95+ degree weather with just a light coat of translucent powder."
Color is vibrant and it stays on for hours.
good paint quality!
Hey that's pretty good.
pretty good  blending is a bit hard
"<div id=""video-block-R12BHG9RXASGIG"" class=""a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block""></div><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/91byLgPLU4S.mp4"" class=""video-url""><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/919RCpydWvS.png"" class=""video-slate-img-url"">&nbsp;Pros: easy application, easy removal
Cons: comes off too easy, the color is darker than what you see
Overall it's a good product it just sucks it comes off so easily."
"I purchased the Dark Grey shade.  The product was opened the day before my son's school performances to do a swatch test to ensure the color was right and that it didn't irritate his skin (since it was going to be smeared all over his face).  It was a silver color and went on smoothly during the patch test.  The next day (this morning), I was to apply it before he was sent off to school, as he has 3 performances today and this evening for his play.

The paint is now dried out and difficult to apply, I had to wet a makeup sponge to be able to dab it on.  And the color has changed!  It is now a bluish grey rather than silvery color..when I applied several layers, his skin color was the EXACT same shade as the aliens in Avatar.  I had to wipe it off and start over, lightly dabbing it on in such a way that his skin was still visible, because it was the only way the paint looked remotely like the original grey anymore, and it was still too blue.  But it's what I had and the best I could do at the last minute.

I would advise buying two containers of the same color if you need to do swatch testing and then only open the second one immediately before you need it."
"Paint is very thin and the color is extremely muted. It took several coats before the color really showed up. It didn't wipe off very easily, which is a plus, but came off quickly the second I started to sweat just a little. I tried it again with a powder base and sealer finish and still couldn't get the color to show up or stay on. Great for cheap gimmicks like kids birthday parties, but I would not recommend for any serious use like costumes."
Perfectly white! Unlike those white face paints you buy at Rite Aids where it ends up looking oily and just messing all up with a simple touch. This is great.
too be expected. stays wet but you can set it with baby powder
"*I am not a verified buyer because I purchased these off of a family member's amazon account*

I got two colors, black and white. They are just what I needed and I love that a little goes a long way! They are really pigmented and easy to work with. And super easy to wash off. I am only using them for Instagram makeup looks so they don't need to last all day or anything like that. (They definitely wouldn't.)
Great paints for the price and I will be back for more colors soon :)
I attached photos so you can see how large the container is."
"Worst. Ever. I ordered Pale Blue and got Sky Blue, which devestated my cosplay plan. Will not order again. "
"This is a water based paint. It must be misted with water or worked with a damp brush.  I love these products!  They are just as good quality as TAG and Mehron products at a fraction of the cost.  As an artist and facepainter, I recommend this brand for those just starting out."
"The campaign for safe cosmetics published a study in 2009 on lead, nickel, cobalt and chromium in childrens' facepaint kits. You can easily google it and find it. They report Snazaroo's had the highest lead content of the 10 facepaint kits they tested, 0.56 parts per million (page 8 of their report). This is 5.6 times higher than the maximum amount of lead allowed in candy, 0.10 parts per million, and almost 40 times the maximum allowed in water, 0.015 ppm (pl. 13)."
Colors my projects flawlessly
"A great product, though I wish it came with an applicator of sorts."
I ordered for my daughter for some cosutume. It worked great
Flakes off really easily. Looks purple/lilac when dry.
This stains your skin yellow. My son looked jaundiced for a week after using.
Hard to apply
"Bought this for a grayscale Halloween costume and it gave good coverage. It was kinda hard to apply, though; I couldn't pick it up with a sponge, so I ended up having to use my fingers. It isn't waterproof, though, so I wouldn't recommend it if you're expecting a rainy Halloween.

I was worried I wouldn't have enough, but I needn't have worried -- I barely made a dent in it and I covered my entire face and neck, as well as most of my arms and decolletage."
"This is the best face paint! I apply it with water and a liquid foundation brush. It goes on smooth and stays put all day! I have in three shades. Also, this small circle lasts forever! I have used this green for three full face costumes and it still looks new! I'm a makeup artist, so I know when makeup is a good quality line. I'm a huge fan!"
Great color!
worked well
Great for Simon Petrikov cosplay.
So this will be my first time using a thing like this product. I was originally looking for a body paint to cover dark circles on my knees and neck for photo purposes. I did find a company but there was a delay with my order and I needed it by a specific date. I came on Amazon searching for the original product but it wasn't sold on here and then I saw this cheaper similar product. I did some research on YouTube to see how well it stayed on other customers and it seem to not be an issue. I'm hoping it doesn't smudge though. The original product was smudge free so hopefully this works the same. Haven't used it yet but once I do I will change my rating. It also came on time and not damaged.
"Easy application, but you do have to layer quite a bit to get a solid color. Overall, I'm happy with my purchase."
This does not go on well at all!!!! And it doesn't come off well!!!!!! Horrible!!!! It's like a chalky consistency. The only plus is that it's dry and not wet so if they have to itch it won't come off... but it won't come off when you need it to either!
Very pretty pink! love the coverage
As a frequent homestuck cosplayer I use this quite often and it's the best one I've ever used. It washes off like a dream and is easily sealed with baby powder. It has amazing coverage and you don't need much to coat your entire face/neck at all.
"We recently ordered this for our run of Shrek The Musical at the high school I work with. One of the students has light colored hair and now, two weeks later, still cannot get the green out of his hairline. Obviously this is a big issue that needs to be addressed since it is not a permanent makeup. Be warned when using this product...it offers great green coverage but it very hard to get out of light colored hair and can be difficult to remove from the skin!"
"This is such good face paint!! Its amazing for my Ladybug cosplay I simply love it!! Though when you're taking it off, its slightly difficult to get it off. Nevertheless, its one of the best facepaints I've bought ^^"
"Used it the day it was received, I'm pleased thus far.
Used it both as blush and as blood on my hands (dangan ronpa blood is pink)"
"Amazing product.
Used as the base for an Ursula costume.
The Purple was the main color which covered my entire face, chest, back, and arms. The Dark and Light Grey of the same brand were used to contour and contrast.
This product will LAST. I still have enough to make another 10 Ursulas.

I have attached a photo to emphasize how great the coverage is."
"Smudgy and streaky, did what I needed it for. It I definitely won't use it again."
"Make sure you do a test patch on your skin. Glad I did, turned my skin bright yellow for a few days."
Snazaroo is a pain to apply but its such a nice colour. Also it stains fabric but i'll be wearing a white dress so that isn't good. (I'll be cosplayint vriska in her white dress) I prefer mehron.
"I've used Snazaroo once before and had an easy time applying it.

This time around, it took me longer to get an even coat, but was able to achieve it none the less.

I set it with baby powder to see how it would hold up, but the baby powder alone isn't enough to keep you waterproof.

Have to use another product to seal."
"My snazaroo sea blue, looked exactly like the picture, and stayed on for an extremely long time. Highly recommend!"
"So breathable, you forget you're wearing it. Excellent coverage. It'll go a long way too."
Definitely the worst pain I have ever but it is our well it should be only used for practice not for professional use
This is a great product. It covers great and washes off really easily.
"This stuff is awesome and a little goes a long way. Perfect for halloween or face painting or just generally doing weird stuff like painting your face for no reason at all. Not terrible to remove either, takes a small amount of effort, but comes off without much problem."
Goes on easy and comes off easy also!
"I have used my Snazaroo face paints to fund raise thousands of dollars for my children's schools by providing $5 face paints.  Use large brushes for coverage and tiny brushes for precision.  Always get extra black and white, they are used up fast!  The last for years."
"This is an absolutely terrible product.  I ordered this because my daughter was playing the role of a baby pig in a fable her team wrote and was performing at a statewide competition, and I needed to make her face and neck pink.  When I opened it to use it yesterday at the competition, the product was hard as a rock.  It would not even go onto the make-up sponge.  I used a kitchen knife to try to chop it up and soften it enough to get it onto the sponge to put onto her skin and it just became a hard, chopped up, crumbly mess that still wouldn't even go onto the make-up sponge. How can something be sold as face paint if you can't get it onto someone's face? It was a worthless waste of money and was not able to be used at all for the competition which was the sole reason I bought it!  And, of course, now it is too late to return it.  This product is garbage and the biggest waste of money ever!  Please save yourself the hassle and DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT!!!!"
Great quality makeup. HIGH PIGMENTATION! I played the wicked witch of the west in a production.
Worked great for my Te Fiti cosplay!!!!
nice coverage and lasts a very long time
Pale pink just chips way to much.
"This had came in very fast, just put a little drop of water in it and boom! it goes on great! I really recommend this for all you homestucks! Also I used it on my face, neck and hands and it barely put a dent in it!"
perfect pigment
Great for beginners on lighter skin completions. Not so great on the other spectrum.
Good makeup for someone like me who has trouble wearing oil-based costume makeup. Easy to apply and comes off with a makeup wipe. Color was vivid and held up for most of the day.
"I would definitely recommend this product. It is exactly as pictured and there is so much makeup product in the relatively small container. The color is strong and not opaque. You can use only one layer if truly desired, by multiple layers will get you the best results. I had this makeup on my entire body (my ENTIRE body- armpits, fingers, palms, ears, etc.) for more than 12 hours and it held up beautifully. It does not necessarily come off when touched, so that's a huge plus. What I mean is you won't rub off on objects that you lightly touch.  The wash-off was a breeze as well, although I did find blue in my ears and strange places for a few days.
I would recommend using a small amount of water on the sponge you are using to apply this makeup. The color will spread without water, but you will get better results and the product will go further with small amounts of added water."
"Seems to be better quality paint on young skin. Use only on my grandsons faces, but they will ask to remove some paints almost as fast as it dries."
Bought this for a Marceline (Adventure Time) cosplay. Color is great. Easy to apply and remove. Only drawback is that it does rub off fairely easy. I find that if I set it with some baby powder it helps it last longer. Also applying this with a foundation brush as opposed to a sponge helps apply the product more evenly with less streaking.
It is what it is
Works like a charm!
perfect for Halloween
Went on easy with just a tiny bit of water added for smoothness. Nice and thick. Stayed on all night. My skin sensitive daughter had no issues using this.
Came dried out
It came earlier than expected which was great. My only complaint about this is that it  is a bit uneven but it is okay because it layers well. This is perfect for my Nepeta cosplay.
Its ok. I thought it would come on a tad bit lighter though..
good stuff!
"Not great coverage. The more you try to apply, the worse it looks."
Works as advertised
"If you are looking for a face paint that doesn't rub off on clothing, look no further!  My daughter was an Avatar for Halloween last year and not only did this magical face paint, cake makeup.. whatever.. stay on all day without smudging, cracking or bleeding, it didn't rub off onto anyone's clothing at all! The color is so rich and deep!  I purchased three different colors and a little goes a long way! I will never again purchase the cheap makeup from the grocery store! The only downside is my daughter looked like a washed out Smurf for a day or so after.. but hey, it was the experience!  Maybe she'll want to be a Smurf this year!"
The color was beautiful and it went on super smooth but it was nearly impossible to remove. We used everything and she was still a hint of green for DAYS!
"Arrived timely, HARD AS A ROCK! Garbage."
"I used this for a take on a Cortana (from the Halo series) cosplay. I was really pleased with it. It went on well and covered my skin well, too. A little goes a long way. It's washable so it didn't stain anything like the tile floor or the sink counter. It came off really easily, too. It also didn't feel sticky or gross when it was on my face. I loved it."
Good delivery and product
Very important to read the directions and put a little on before doing a full application. The last thing you want to happen at a child's birthday party is to have to wash your face off cuz of an allergic reaction. Cuz then you're just.. Carl.
This is for my daughter for Cosplay and she loves it!
love very nice white face paint
"Horrible. It was as hard as a rock, would never buy this product again."
Good product.
returned
"A single paint cup/thing has lasted me two years (I painted my face at least 1-3 times a month)
It is the paragon of all face paint -- ideal, perfect.
Snazaroo has focused on making good, flexible paint with ideal non toxic ingredients. The ingredients are even better now than they were two years ago.

The non toxic ingredients are so essential and important for someone who paints their face frequently.
Me and my bandmates use and love Snazaroo, it is perfect for extreme black metal corpsepaint."
Ordered this for my son fro Halloween. It was old and dried out. We couldn't even use it.
"Oh yeah MR crabs
This stuff is gr8 otter than the fact that if I sweat at con it smears hAh"
"It was really dry and not at all what I was expecting. It stayed on the whole day, but I really had to dig my finger into the paint to get any on. There was no way I could have used a brush (which is why I bought it). I'm not sure if I got a bad batch? Everyone else seems to love it."
It took quite some time to receive this product but it was as described.  Its a great base paint for Halloween and other festive occasions.
"I have used this on over 10 occasions for Homestuck, Undertale, and Steven Universe cosplay and have always been happy with the results. For those who have never used this before or who have trouble, i have several suggestions. First, wash your face thoroughly before use until all dead skin and oil is off, and moisturize with lotion first. Let is soak in as long as possible, then dampen a makeup sponge and dab in even circles to apply. DO NOT SWIPE OR RUB, unless you want to have to do more than one layer! set with baby powder or setting powder between colors or new layers, and leave areas where makeup will be applied as thin as possible. Finish it off with powder and if possible Ben Nye sealant spray (the blue-green kind). This will last you through several thorough applications. PLEASE NOTE THAT SEALING IS A MUST FOR ANYTHING OTHER THAN PHOTOSHOOTS! YOUR FRIENDS, THE CON STAFF, AND WHOEVER YOU HUG WILL THANK YOU!
  A good thing to note however is that if you are wearing a costume that shows more skin i HIGHLY recommend wearing tights, arm sleeves or even arm socks with fingers if at all possible! You will enjoy your Con experience a lot more if you don't have to stress about re-application! Have a great time with this!
 Included is a pic of Kanaya using White snazaroo, and Eridan using Light grey."
My go to brand for face paint and in a hurry!
"Comes off really easily, but other than that, worked great!"
"I like this brand a lot, but I ordered maroon expecting it to look like the first picture shown, a dark reddish purple. When I got it, it looked like the burgundy color, which is a rusty, muddy brown. This brand it great, but I do not recommend this specific maroon color."
Used this for face paint when I was a Native American for halloween.  Worked well!
Good quality product.
The product was very dried out.
"This was not good at all, it was extremely patchy, and didn't go on like normal Snazaroo face paint would, I'm pretty sure this isn't actual Snazaroo face paint I think its a fake because the packaging on what I go in the mail is a lot differw t from"
As described n in perfect condition
It is allergic. Do not keep it on your face for long hours.
"It was really thick and difficult to apply evenly. To make things worse, I developed a rash after just 2 hours of wearing it. Note that my skin is NOT sensitive, so now I am questioning the quality of the product. Wouldn't recommend!!!"
"It shipped well, great product, just make sure you read on it, because it is waterproof."
I use this for fake freckles...works amazingly.
just what my daughter wanted
"I love that this is water based and not creme. its a bit streaky due to this, but I'll live. I'd take a clean and easy removal over clogged pores and oily skin."
Color pigment is awesome on this.
I love this sooo much it works amazing for my ruby cosplay
"If I could give this zero stars I would. I bought this to do makeup for Halloween and it was completely dried out when it came in the mail. I tried to make it work but it wouldn't even apply to my skin properly. Overall, this was a horrible purchase and I would advise to buy from someone else. Complete waste of money."
"I used this for the Rabbit from Steam Powered Giraffe cosplay I was doing, and it worked wonders! It was super easy to put on and wash off when it came down to it. PLUS, it didn't smear or have to really be touched up (it's the black in the picture shown). Definitely pleased and plan to buy again. Worth the money I spent on it."
thanks!
"My daughter used this to be Amethyst at Comic Con. We bought Lilac.
All the reviews are right!!! It goes a long way! We did several applications, until we figured it out, and it doesn't look like we used any! My tips would be to use a brush and moderate water. Single long strokes works best and do not try a second coat until it is 100% dry, or you'll wipe off the previous coat. It held up all day!"
product as decribed
Really nice quality paint. Goes on very smoothly with a brush -- no clumping. And not so thin that it's see-through.
Hard to apply
Don't buy this!!!!! This paint was so difficult to put on and did not go on as expected- smoothly. It went on very chalky and did not stay on. I even tried to loosen it up with a wet brush and nothing worked. Try another brand please I'm warning you!!
Shipped fast. Paint does rub off very easily so be sure to lay towels down when putting it on.
"I must've gotten a really bad batch or something I'm not sure, I've never had issues before with Snazaroo but the Bright Yellow has stained the ever loving heck out of my skin. And I've tried washing my face and hands with several things both safe and not safe for skin and its still not doing much to help. Unfortunately going to have to switch to a different brand for yellow :( Other wise the other Snazaroo colours I've used so far have been fine..

P.S. I say bad batch for several reasons, mainly cause one its an extremely dry cake and I had to use unfortunately a lot of water to get anything.. and I'm pretty sure these coloured patches in the yellow are NOT suppose to be there.."
Worked GREAT for my sister's Alphys cosplay! (Pictured far left)
Cracks and applies streaked and grossly.
Great face paint for Halloween. Had to use coconut oil to get it off but stayed on all Halloween night
Itchy
An absolute mess. Was turning white on my face with any sweat that came out of me. Went on patchy and uneven. I looked disgusting.
"Great facepaint, I used water to apply it, and it went on smoothly and was surprisingly consistent for the price."
"This makeup didn't bother my skin at all and was easily removed with plain face wash and water, but it didn't have a smooth look for very long. It was easy to apply with a brush and water, but once it dried, it cracked and flaked, which meant I was touching it up all day."
"AMAZING!! Super pigmented and lasts forever. I don't even feel it on my skin! It does rub off if you literally rub your face, so I'm not sure how it would do if you paint your skin then wear clothes over it."
"This face paint was perfect when I needed to be the Grinch at a Christmas party. The only bummer is that after using it my eyelids and underneath my eyes were slightly yellow for a couple of days, but nothing too noticeable."
"I bought this to paint my 3 year old's face for his Halloween ghost costume. I have never used face paint before, and I have to say, this was a challenge to use for the sheer fact that I could find no directions with it for how to use it. I tried just wiping it out of the tin and couldn't get it to spread. Only after googling it and going to the company website did I learn you need a damp cloth to apply it, and after that, it was easy (relatively--a three year-old does NOT like things painted on his face).

I didn't end up with a thick coat, but that was only because my son wouldn't let me do it. You can see the nice tear track cutting through it because he hated the whole process, but I think it just makes him look like a tragic spooky ghost. I would purchase again, but I wish it would come with better directions or some techniques."
just ye old black face paint
worked perfectly. even for a first time user
"I'm in love with Snazaroo face paint, It's so high pigmented. Also, the more coats you put on the better; but 1 or 2 coats is more than enough. Just letting you guys know that this face paint it water based. Meaning once you put water (but not too much only like 3-5 drops) in the face paint it will instantly activate. This paint is long lasting, it can last for 8-12 hours, or until you wash it off with soap and water. You may need some setting powder or spray to set it in. You can use a facepaint sealer or baby or foot powder, I used foot powder and it worked perfectly fine. But what I don't think 1 container of this of this face paint can be used for your whole body. I personally think if you're going to use this for your whole body, I think 2-3 containers of this will work. This paint is hypoallergenic, i have allergic reactions to almost every makeup or sfx products, an I had no trouble or itchiness or redness at all. I bought 2 containers of this face paint, a black one and a dark grey for my neck for a Genos from One Punch Man cosplay. I would really recommend this facepaint (any color) to anyone. Excuse my horrible Genos arm props, all the paint was falling off at the con, but I had fun anyways"
Good stuff.. We used it around the eyes under a batman mask.  No complaints.
It worked perfectly and looked amazing!! My 'Elphaba' dreams came true!! 
This stays on really good and its thick so it doesn't run easily.  Its a mess putting it on.
worked for what we needed
I used this for a Halloween costume and for the price this stuff goes a very long way. It applied very easily and came off easy in the shower as well.
Worked great! Have tried other body paints before and this stuck all night!
Love this paint!
"i loved this because it looks the same color on your face as in the package, very full coverage. looked great for my alien costume on halloween"
"I am assuming this was OLD STOCK - it was completely dried out and all cracked when delivered.  It wouldn't spread on the face without added water and then got really blotchy and separated.
I purchased the metallic silver by the same company and it worked a lot nicer spreading it.  But, it wasn't great.
I wouldn't buy this item again."
"i purchased this in 2011 for a Scanty and Kneesocks cosplay that I was doing with my sister. It's a decent product but very difficult to get full, even skin coverage. The only way that I could work with this was to wet it repeatedly and scrub it onto my skin with a Ben-nye applicator. It washes off very easily with soap and water though!"
"Great coverage, didn't crack. I did powder up after application."
Didn't work out for what I wanted. Too thick and dragged for a light coat of color.
Takes practice to get it to stay on and not lift the previous layer. Goes a long way though.
This isn't exactly what I was expecting.  I was buying for my 13 year old daughter.  The paint is dry and you need to add water or something in order to apply it.  We just wanted a jar that you could dip your paint brush into.  This is similar to a compact for makeup
Applied well and came off easily!
"Worked great for my Halloween costume,  stayed in place  all night"
Worked great!
Thought I give this brand a try and glad I did! Served it's purpose at the last minute.
"Part of daughter's Halloween costume, she was happy with this product."
Did the job but took lots of time and many layers to get solid white. Works but don't know that I'd recommend it.
"Stayed on all night, I have no complaints."
I always purchase snazaroo and have been very satisfied with the product. It took quite a while to arrived but came in good shape. No cracking or flaking.
"I used this for shrek and Fiona costumes. The color was pretty accurate. It stained yellow but came off my face fairly easily, hands were stained for 24 hours."
The paint was streaky and not very high quality.
"Came open in box, so my first impression was not good but the coverage was great and was an incredible final touch to my Halloween costume"
it works so well in the heat and sweat :D
Lasted all night and washed off easily with soapy water.
"It's great for homestuck trolls several of my friends and I have used this for troll cosplays. My only complaints is that it does smear some even when sealed, and it appears more of a bluish gray but after I did all of the contouring and blushing it wasn't that big of a problem. :)"
"Would not buy again.
Colors are opaque, but I had ALOT of trouble finding a dealer suited to this paint."
Delivered on time.  White.  Does the job.
Excellent high quality black face paint. Would buy again but i use so little over each application my grandchildren will probably inherit what I don't use.
"Wow, got it for a last-minute cosplay. Perfect. Absolutely perfect. Came two days after I ordered it, 11/10 would buy again- correction, will buy again the moment I run out!"
"I have done a lot of different colored full face makeups. Light grey is great so I recommend it to all the homestuck cosplayers. Bright red is also really  good and blends very well on its own, great for demon makeups. Pale blue, however, is just awful. Pale blue snaz does not blend, is hard to apply, and wipes off easily even with sealer. It is just terrible. if you have to get pale blue get Ben nye, or paradise, but don't get pale blue snaz unless you want to look like a patchwork sloppy mess."
It was slightly blue when wet but dried grey.  Perfect for my weeping angel costume. I found it easier to apply with a foundation make up brush than a foundation sponge.
"Absolutely loved the sky blue color! I've been buying snazaroo paint for my cosutumes for years and they never let me down.

Great color for undyne the undying costume from undertale!"
Arrived on time but was crap product
What I was expecting for the price paid
Very easy to use and cover very well.
Low quality cake stuff that makes it look like you have giant pores on your face. It cracks too.
At first I was not good with the application of this product then I watched some youtube videos and now love it.  It is a water activated make up and has to be applied with water and a sponge.  The trick is to get it wet then dab it on and let it dry.  Once dry if the coverage is not what you want you can apply more.  Just make sure to set with setting powder and spray for an all day rub resistant paint.
Had a very green tint when I put it on.  Went on okay.
Supposed to mix it with water.
This is amazing
"As a children's entertainer with Neoballoons in Orlando I have tried almost every type of facepaint. The pros of this one is that it dries quickly, does not react much to high humidity, and provides very opaque coverage. It is perfect for large area coverage and large blacks. The only negative is that it seems to loose density exponentially with water so at times can be a bit tough to blend in small areas."
"Snazaroo paints are fun, creamy, and easy to use.  The colors are beautiful and stay vibrant on the skin."
Received an old and dried out package. Will not buy again.
"A couple of things on this. First off, go get yourself some sponges to apply. I didn't do this in advance and it was a little bit of a pain. I think you would get much better coverage and application results using a sponge vs. trying to use your finger or a piece of tissue or paper towel.

The second thing is, if you are wearing these in a sweaty environment, it is going to run. This stuff is not waterproof and there may be other makeups out there that are more waterproof or something you can do with this to help keep it from running in a wet or sweaty environment.

On an extreme plus side, this makeup washes off ridiculously easy. I was shocked at how well the makeup washes off.

Would I buy this again? Absolutely. I wore this makeup under a mask to black out my eyes. Because it was warm out, and the humidity under the mask, the makeup did run and I did have to reapply. It does not like a wet, or damp surface. So, just keep that in mind."
"You really have to layer it on for it to look ok. Be careful though, when you add a new layer, the 2.5 layers you've already put on to make it look a little less patchy will move around and wipe off easily, even when it's completely dry. It will look ok if you put work."
"Very difficult to apply, seemed very dry and went on thin. If you try to put on second coat, you would basically wipe off first coat. Did not go on evenly, was hoping for something a little more creamy... this is like using tough clay."
I purchased this white makeup for a Halloween costume and was surprised by how well it wore. I had almost my whole face painted white and completely forget to set it before leaving the house. I was worried that the oil from my skin would cause the makeup to look terrible but it held up extremely well for over 8 hours! Very surprised!
Very smooth and stays on for a long time
"fantastic!!!! Best face paint around!!! So easy to get on, it stayed on perfectly and then came off without needing to scrub!"
This face paint is AWFUL. It's so hard that my sponge shredded on the first use. I will never purchase it again. I expected a nice paint that would apply smoothly and I was completely disappointed.
"got this for halloween last year where I went as a war boy from mad max: fury road and it was a total hit! it gave me the exact look I wanted; I'm sure that with another coat it could produce an opaque white, but with just one coat I got the perfect powdery white I needed. it wasn't overly greasy like cheap halloween makeup, either, and came off well in the shower but didn't streak all over everything I owned, which was a plus! I have sensitive skin, too, and it didn't cause me any problems, even though I was covered in it from the waist up."
"It might be just the color I chose but it's not as perfect as others have described. The color started to fade after a few hours into the con so I had to reapply once in a while. Plus it tends to flake if you're not careful. The color doesn't appear very well in photos: it looks kind of a pale blue rather than the electric blue it should be. But again, it's probably the color choice. Maybe you Homestuck cosplayers had more luck with grey."
"Great paint for the price! I know there's better stuff cause I've seen people online use better stuff, this kinda dries and gets a little crumbly but other than that they're all very solid colors and great for people just getting into it!"
I have extremely sensitive skin and had no issues.  Easy to apply and remove. Very pleased with this product.
Terrible application. didn't blend or apply well. Extremely disappointed
This was for my Halloween costume.  Not sure what to do with the other 95% left... hahaha
I have ordered snazzaroo and it wasnot thesame quality
"Works pretty well and dries fairly quickly, which is nice because the other white paint I has stays tacky all night. However it does require multiple layers if you want it to be opaque and unless you are super meticulous it can look a little blotchy or chalky."
"My favorite paint thus far, (compared to two other paints, I bought the brand from Party City and the Mehron brand, and the first was splotchy and thin, and the second was opaque but Never dried). Used for my Sapphire costume this Halloween, and it was great! I sealed it with translucent powder and setting spray and although it did thin out a lil later on my chest, my face paint stayed on, and I got a lot of compliments!"
"It's a little hard to work with, makeup is very hard."
"Great Product, great price shipping was very fast."
"The product offers decent coverage however, it is difficult to put on even using a make-up sponge."
"This was an absolute waste of my money and time. The paint started peeling off as it dried. And it was a hassle to distribute the color evenly as well. I spent about 20 mins just paintjng my face white. Well, this what happened after abt an hour later.."
It worked very well. So much better than grease paint.
Great product!!
"Snazaroo face paint is not safe to use.

It claims that the product is hypoallergenic, non-toxic and specially formulated to be friendly to the most delicate skin  yet the product contains high levels of lead, nickel, and cobalt according to a report by The Campaign for Safe Cosmetics. Many other face paints also had high levels of lead.

It even says on the back of the packaging ""Avoid contact with eyes and lips"" which is why I looked into this. I am returning this product and am not going to risk putting it on my face."
"Easy to apply and remove.  Generally dislike wearing ""Halloween"" make-up, but with this it didn't feel like I was wearing anything.  No cracking, running,  or discomfort,  A small amount goes a long way."
The texture is not good :/ it was hard to paint my face
"I love this brand, it works great. I use it for Harley Quinn at conventions and it stays all day. Anyone who has been to a convention knows that means it holds up to copious drinking and sweating. (I do seal it with Aqua Net)"
Just what we needed for Halloween
I love that this face paint is non toxic. Paired with a little water and a makeup sponge this makeup went on really well. Great coverage and stayed on even in the rain. Yet it wipes off easy with baby wipes and washes off easy with soap and water.
Great coverage and I had no allergic reaction as with cheaper costume make ups.
"Remember to wet your brush first, just don't get it too wet or it will become a watery mess and will need mutliple layers for a bright white. Set with a powder and it didn't melt off my face. without the powder it smudged easier. Didnt irritate my sensitive face and washed off well."
"Snazaroo is the only face paint ill use, it goes on easy and doesn't feel like you have something on your face."
Dried out to the point of being nearly unusable.
"This face paint was excellent!  Lasted all night, even against people bumping up against me, wanting to touch my face, and boyfriend kisses lol.  I used makeup brushes to apply which I would recommend.  It wasn't thick and it didn't crack like other face paints I've used.  Feels like normal foundation makeup on your skin.  In other words, its breathable and not heavy.  As natural looking as a blue face can be!"
On time; exactly what I wanted.
"Ordered on Oct 9, and received on Nov 2. Missed Halloween completely (which is what I bought it for).
So, if you're buying from ""Sold by:  Fancy Dress Kingdom Limited"", plan at least 30 days in advance.
Otherwise, well packaged and true to color. And based on my experience with the white color (bought from another seller), it washes off very easily in the shower."
"While it's not as good as the stuff I used to get, it's a great alternative now that the price of the other stuff has went thru the roof and become hard to find.  I love that it's waterbased, which means easy on and off, and it sets really well.  It gives good coverage once you learn how much water to use and what works best for you to apply it with.  It does have a small learning curve, but it's a great alternative to a lot of the high priced products out there."
It was a little dry and hard to apply then once on it was to chalky
"Perfect coverage! Takes a little time to put on evenly, but once you get the hang of it, its a perfect product!
I bought three in fear that I wouldn't have enough, but a little bit goes a very long way!
I used mine for a Lapis Lazuli cosplay! Perfect hue!"
"This worked well for my Jem transformation. Color was as pictured. It seemed to dry out under my eyes, so I definitely need to find a better primer if I apply it there again. I forgot to apply a setting spray, but it did really well without one."
"I loved this face make up, went on easy and came off easy. Washed off with a wet rag and water.
Once it was on it was very light and I even forgot I had it one. I have very sensitive skin had no problems with breaking out or rashes.
Would buy again."
Fast shipping and good product. I had to youtube a tutorial on how to use it.
It worked great. Didn't feel very dry and didn't crack. Was white as can be.. Good face paint.
"Worked perfect!! Very smooth and easy to apply. We bought pink, green, and white and all 3 worked very well for us. Good coverage, quick dry/no smudging. Used on a 5 year old for Halloween fairy costume. I've never done facepinting before but looked up some examples on google and practiced twice."
"I used this to dress as Gamora for Halloween. I used Grass Green which is much too dark for Gamora, I would try pale green next time, I think it would be a better match.  But that didn't bother me. I just thought it was difficult to apply, but maybe it just takes some getting used to. I used a spongy makeup applicator and dampened it first (if its too wet it washes off where you touch) then rubbed the makeup and applied.  It went on very splotchy.  I noticed I needed to dab it on for the most part because rubbing it on gave it a streaky look.  I put on a first coat which looked streaky and waited for it to dry, then went back and applied a second coat using a dabbing method to fill in the spaces where you could see my skin.  Close up it looked ""patchy"" but looked fine for photos and from further away. Again, maybe it takes practice to get used to using it. I've never used colored makeup like this before.  I wasn't disappointed, I just didn't LOVE it. What i was most impressed with is that when its dry, its DRY. It doesn't stay wet or tacky on your face like face paint does. So it wasn't rubbing off onto everything.  So it wasn't transferring color onto my husband and friends while we were taking pictures, or on my kids costumes while I was helping them get dressed and feeding them, trick or treating etc.  That was important and appreciated. It also stayed all night till I decided to wash it off.  Then it came off easy.  I used a washcloth with soap to wash it off and it came off effortlessly.  I think it may have ruined my washcloth though, we'll see when it comes out of the wash. So don't use a cloth you care about lol. I have sensitive skin and this didn't bother me at all.  No breakouts, no redness, no itching, and I have reacted to face paint in the past so i was nervous about this.  But zero problems with it. The only thing I noticed was after taking it off my skin felt really tight and dry, so I had to apply a LOT of moisturizer to my face to get rid of the tight feeling. All in all I'm happy with the purchase, I'd like to just figure out how to apply to give it a smoother look, but I felt like I used a lot and it looks like i barely touched the container, so I have PLENTY left to practice with. This will last a long time.  If I need colored face paint again, I will be buying this brand."
"Never has this old saying been more true than in the case of this Snazaroo face paint. Price-wise it was cheap and the quality of the product was just as cheap. You'd need a jackhammer to get the stuff out of the shallow dish in which it is packaged. It was hard as a rock, totally unusable as-is. Dry as a bone. Had to resort to prying out cracked portions into a bowl and then adding water to obtain a spreadable consistency, but given just how dry and hard the product was, this was no easy task. End result was that a make-up job for my son's Halloween party that should have only taken an hour, took three since I had also ordered Snazaroo brand for the other colors and every one was in the same condition. Complete garbage product, will NEVER use this brand name again. Save your money and pony up to buy professional-grade theatrical make-up."
"We are so disappointed! The product arrived super DRY and hard as a rock making it unusable. It arrived sealed in a plastic bag, but the hard plastic cover was loose in the bag. The container itself also had a plastic seal over it, but it obviously wasn't enough to keep the product from drying out. Seems like the product would have been decent if it didn't come dried out, but we'll never know for sure."
The face paint was STIFF. I had to claw down just to get some product. I'm disappointed because I've heard good things about this certain brand. I wonder if I could get a refund.... I don't recommend. Buy at your own risk
Love snazaroo face paint!! But for me the white was eh. I did my two thin layers and it was a bit hard to work in my makeup on my face. And it started to get lil cracks and crease. Maybe someone has tips and I can do better the next time I use it.
"Used the black Snazaroo face paint to paint on a skeleton face for Halloween.

PROS
- The paint is solid, just add water and use a brush to apply as thin or thick as you like.
-I could probably paint my face like this 1000 before I would run out of the 18ml. -- but if not I will definitely purchase again!!
-Cheap, got to my home quickly, and works perfectly.
-It lasted all night but washes off with water.

I ordered this the Saturday before Halloween weekend on Saturday, October 22 and received the product on Wednesday, October 26.

Please rate this review as HELPFUL if it assisted you in making a decision."
"Love this paint. Was perfect for my Halloween costume as Sally. I used the light grey, and my husband used white and black. The second picture of us is after hours of wear, so it stays on pretty good! I also used baby powder to lock it in. We still have plenty of paint left too!"
Great coverage!!
It came opened and there were obvious marks in the product like someone had touched it I am not happy
Excellent face paint
"This stuff is awesome! I cosplayed Gamora and this is the very best. I mixed a little water with it (dipped my brush in water) and then painted my face, necklace and hands. There is so much more of this left. It went on really even. I set it with baby powder when I was done and dry. Highly recommend. This is bright green. It washed off great with soap and water followed by a few makeup wipes. No staineing at all where I started with moisturizer. My hands are a bit green still. Next time, I will start with hand cream."
This stuff was amazing. A little goes a long way and I was able to cover most of my body with SO MUCH leftover in the pot. I just used makeup wedges with water and it stayed on for hours upon hours. I used the grass green for my Hulk costume. You can see the coverage in the picture. It's so good. I highly recommend.
"Was not easy to apply, too solid to go on smoothly, did not work like other professional face makeup I have used."
Love this item
"For a Sugar Skull Costume I used both white and black face paint and they held up BEAUTIFULLY. They stayed put and did not flake for about 5 hours during a Halloween party and at the end of the night washed off with most water and a bit of soap. NOTE: I messed up the first time I tried applying when I applied with a dry sponge, BE SURE TO WET YOUR FINGERS OR SPONGE APPLICATOR BEFORE TRYING TO GET PRODUCT. I looked pretty dumb smearing hard face paint clumps on, but I figured it out when I started using water to even out the tone."
"on my skin the paint looks a bit blue-tinted, but it's still mostly gray. i've had a hard time finding a setting powder or spray that will keep this paint from rubbing off on my clothes, but maybe i'll find the right stuff soon."
"This stuff is the bees knees. I purchased this for a Flame Princess cosplay, in the Ochre color, and I must say that it was absolutely perfect. This was my second attempt at a face paint for that character, with the first try ending up much more orange (think Cheeto) than the yellow-orange that I was going for. Ive now tried two different orange face/body paints, and I would say that this one is definitely the better choice. Ive attached a photo comparing our group cosplay, and the differences in color.

This seems to be a wet-applied product, and it really needs generous amount of water before it becomes spreadable enough to use. I was dripping some water in at first, but then I quickly realized you basically need enough that it puddles inside the container. Its easily spreadable after that, either with a sponge or fingers. I only used one coat, then did touch ups around my arms and clavicle.

When Ive used this, I do my face, entire arms, chest, and a little of my back, and there is still a good bit left. I probably used about 1/6 of it for the first application. Afterwards, I use a finishing spray to make sure it stayed on longer, so there wasn't a lot of sweat off the makeup this time. Really, that seems to be a key thing to do with this. Since its water-based, it comes off more easily when you sweat. I wore this in September in Georgia, so you can definitely expect I tried out its ability to stay fresh in humid, hot circumstances. Despite that, it all didn't come off in the shower. Some was still on my hands and fingernails, and my arm pits and the inner crease of my arm. And yes, I scrubbed with warm water and soap.

PROS:
-Easily spreadable with a (good) bit of water.
-The PERFECT color for FP from Adventure Time.
-I only used about 1/6 of it for the first application, so there is a good bit leftover.
-I didn't experience any dry patches with this makeup, and my skin tends to be sensitive, which was a huge plus. The other body paint I used dried out parts of my face, which hurt, as you can imagine.

CONS:
-Rubbed off on my clothes more easily than the other face paint I tried.
-Comes off when you sweat, so youll need to do something to keep it on. (Baby powder, finishing spray, hairspray)"
good
Item arrived dried up. Ordered another brand and it was rich creamy and best of all usable.
Product was dried out upon receiving...
Goes on well and doesn't irritate my skin.  I used a paint brush to apply it.
"A great facepainting medium, no real issues with the product. Bought it for an Amethyst (Steven Universe) cosplay. The color online looked about right, but when i got it, it was much closer to periwinkle blue than liliac\ light purple."
"Homestuck cosplayers - buy LIGHT GRAY, not DARK GRAY (unless you like the way the dark gray looks)"
"I used this to create Oompa Loompa's for a children's theater production of Willy Wonka. It covered well and did not transfer after being set with powder, highly recommend!!"
"Works well, washes off easy."
Snazaroo is always great. It came quickly and used with a brush and setting powder stayed on for a while
"Goes on great and lasted all day. Good, even color."
Great face paint high quality. Highlighter yellow
"Went on smooth and stayed on really well. I wore it for a dance concert, so I was worried the sweat would smear it. It didn't."
Perfect green for Oscar the Grouch costume and for zombie :)  We really like this brand and have used it the last few Halloweens.  The color if perfect and you could layer it if you need it darker.
"I think I may have been given an older copy of it because when I attempted to use it, it would not go on well and it was very flaky. Within 15 minutes of having it on it already was cracking. I would be cautious when purchasing this, if you're looking for a white face makeup that will stay on pretty good, use their creme based white makeup, it will stay on your face with pretty much no issues. I've used Snazaroo in the past and this is the only time I had this much trouble with it."
it works really well
"Really hard paint, not creamy at all"
it has a very blue hue to it :/
"Amazing color!

I really enjoy the amount of product you get.
I do like that is is a cream base, however, it is a bit too solid and takes quite a bit of work to get it onto a brush or your fingers.

Lightweight wear and nice opaque color.
Would purchase again."
Very good quality.
Absolutely horrible. Doesn't even come close to the photo shown to purchase it! Do not buy this wig!
Love It!
Thanks
First time doing face paint & I am really impressed by these. They last all day and are really pigmented! Picking up the rest of the colors :)
Comfy enough for full face makeup
Great face paint. A little goes a long way. I've been using it as eye makeup while I look for my lost eyeliner.
It wasn't to dark it and it lasted a long time. I put it on at ten in the morning  it was hot at dragon con and I  didn't have to use it again for the whole day!
We love snazaroo paint. It is water activated and very easy to apply.  Wore it to a comic con for several hours on my face and it wasn't cracked or flaked. Plus we will be able to use it several more times.
Perfect for my Raven costume
"Vivid. Smooth. Good size. Sturdy, quality container. Easy to work with compared to other non-toxic, kid-safe face paints."
"Bought this for Halloween face paint for my 3 year olds.  I painted their cheeks just for fun yesterday when it came in.  Both have rashy red cheeks this morning, so I wouldn't recommend it for anyone with sensitive skin (one of my boys doesn't really even have sensitive skin and he is the reddest)."
Exactly how I expected. Good coverage and easy to apply
great coverage and staying power
"Easy on, easy off!

Putting on the face paint is simple, the smooth, rich quality of the paint itself lends itself well to a smooth application, ensuring lines are of a good thickness. There was no skin irritation (either on my own sensitive skin or someone else's) and it washed off very easily with water and a soft scrub.

I'd recommend either shorter bristles or firmer bristles to improve the application process further; soft nylon brushes feel nice on the skin, but it can be difficult to keep maximum control over how much face paint gets applied -- and where."
"Fast Same day shipping on a Sunday. Exactly what I wanted, great quality product."
"Sky blue, not turquoise.  Very hard and not easily spread"
Easy to use for HS cosplay. I purchased white and light grey for my Kurloz Cosplay. Wish i could post pictures-
"I literally painted half of my body for a genderbent Hades and I still have half a cake left. Be careful though- you have to set it since it's water soluble. Dust it with some translucent powder (baby powder works if you don't want to buy something high end) and spray it with hairspray, then repeat. It stays better that way. I applied with a wet foundation brush and only needed one coat for opaque, even coverage. I used the light grey as a base coat and contoured with the dark grey."
"This are the first professional face paints I have ever purchased aside from costume store makeup. It's hard to write a helpful review if I don't have much to compare them to. I did like the consistency of the paint, very easy to work with. Living in AZ I had concerns with the paint melting easily but so far no issues. Also, since this paint is activated with water, it is very sensitive to sweat & any contact with water. The colors are very vibrant & easy to blend."
Love this product! The black is so rich and solid. It's perfect for face painting especially if you want to do batman :)
alot darker than i expected but it works
"this is the worst face paint color I have purchased, and I own many snazaroo colors. The color does not go on evenly, is not very opaque, and you can only use a brush to apply it as it just looks blotchy with a sponge. It also will no go on top of another color (like adding details or outlining) as it is so sheer and uneven in consistency) If I could return it, I would."
"Color stayed on all day, I accidentally touched my face several times but it never really smeared too bad. Color was nice and pigmented, doesn't irritate the skin."
my favorite face paint...amazing as always!
"Used for temporary tattoos for cosplay,
It smeared a little where skin rubbed skin but easy to apply and stayed on all day. I would not recommend you rub up on other people, fabric or furniture while wearing this paint. While it does dry it does still smear, if I touched the paint I came away with blue hands. It was very easy to scrub off however and did not stain anything it came in contact with."
"Stays on pretty well, though I need to put on at least 2 layers"
"It's the correct color as advertised!
Works very well with my Holo Pearl cosplay makeup.
Because it is water-based makeup, it is difficult to get the coats to be even.  In this case I highly recommend buying a cream based makeup to go with the Snazaroo.  If you put on the Snazaroo then the cream base on top it will help even out the color.  It's also a good idea to get a sealer with this makeup so that that it stays on longer."
"Less pigmented than expected. I bought this for my Shion cosplay and its not as pink as I would have hoped. Though, that might just be because im really white so it kinda just blends in. Lmao"
Easy to use. Color is vibrant and it does not rub off or smear if applied correctly
"Great color. Highly pigmented. Be very careful being in the sun or areas where you will sweat because it easily comes off. Also material rubbing will cause paint to ware off. Even though I used a setting spray and transparent powder I still feel if a couple more hours were put into it, the outcome would have been better. Perfect for indoor events. Enough paint in the container to paint your body head to toe twice. Great purchase for low price body paint. The picture listed took about two hours and after doing my research there isn't another paint route I would have went. I just wish I was more prepared for my first run with body paint."
"Perfect! Just what I expect from Snazaroo. The paint came to me on time and as always, it gives good coverage and is just the right color for the cosplays I use it for. My Terezi cosplays have never looked more complete! (The blue is my own makeup as is the red, but this was the best picture I had)"
More orange than yellow.
Comes off with just sweating
"My daughter is very happy with that product, it is comfortable and colorful"
"Giving it 2 stars only because I think for other people it would work well, but not for me. Initially purchased to do an Amethyst cosplay and unfortunately it looks like I won't be able to do it anytime soon.

In short, I had an allergic reaction to something in the paint, not sure what. I have no known allergies before this point. I applied a small test patch to try out the product. It applied smoothly but wasn't as densely pigmented originally as I had hoped. Would probably need additional coats, but I washed it off with soap and water after >10min so I could go about the rest of my day. Approx. 4hrs later I noted a cropping of incredibly itchy hives on the arm I had used. I didn't immediately connect it because it was such a small patch and it died down after I stopped scratching. The next day the hives came back and had spread all the way from the top of my hand, over my entire forearm and onto my bicep. Sorry that I won't be able to use it, since it does seem like a great color for doing cosplay with."
I was at a convention using this for 3 days applying it 4 time each day didn't make a dent in it. I was painting my whole face neck shoulders arms and legs and it didn't run out. This product stayed on very well and was easy to apply. It stayet on great and only took water to take it all off. Very simple color was as pictured only need one though.
Easy to use.
It's a true black and super blendable! I love it! It stays on the skin til you wash it off.
"I generally love snazaroo, I use the white and black for my dhmis paige cosplay, and gray for various troll cosplays. Pale blue looks a LOT like gray. It's actually disappointing. I was going to use it for lapis from Steven universe, and the picture made it look like the perfect color, but it's pretty far from close."
this paint is of fantastic quality
good quality
"This is great stuff! It took a little while to figure out the best way to apply it but it covers well and last a long time. I used it to become an Andorian from Star Trek. I covered my face, ears, back of neck to separate time and still had enough left over for another application. I'd suggest use with a little while to get a base started, then make the color richer with another application. It flakes a little after a few hours, but not enough to be particularly noticeable."
"LOVE IT!

It was soo helpful for my homestuck cosplay and it was really effective for making me look grey ^_^ Thanks!"
Fine
My wife and I used this for a Halloween costume. It did a great job making us look like we were out of a black and white movie.
A little goes a long way.
"I used lime green for my Peridot. Cosplay, and I loved it (I'll try to post a picture soon)"
"I've gotten this for Toriel cosplay, and it worked really well!"
"Very good quality. I wore it for an entire day. It wasn't oily, dried pretty quick, covered very well, didn't chip or rub off. I would absolutely buy more of this product and brand!"
It was great!
If you cos-play you should always have this around. Great deal.
nice color and easy to use.
"I plan to use it for homestuck cosplay, and while I have yet to put it on, it came undamaged and on time! Can't wait to try it out!"
Works perfect
Package was broken when I received it but prompt response and return of my money. I'm satisfied. Just have to wait for restock now
Washed on cold. So faded they look 10 years old!
I use Snazaroo face paint for my Halloween costumes and it always works perfectly.
"Good paint. Goes on easily and wipes off easily, but won't just melt off basically. My kids paint with this all the time! They are 4 and 6."
My grey paint was broken and on the inside of the box making it unusable
These paints are phenomenal! I used them for faceprinting at a birthday party. I definitely recommend!
like
Love this face paint! Bought for a character I  cosplay and it works great.
Worked well for my sadness costume. A little bit went a long way. It did not stay on the entire night and rubbed off a little onto my clothes but it was extremely easy to wash off so I was generally pleased with this product. I would buy this brand again no question.
easy to wash off.
"I'm giving this product 3 stars  because it arrived much late than the promised date and that really messed up the face painting job I had planned. I won't purchase again, they are not reliable."
"I'm currently cosplaying as Lapis ""Bob"" Lazuli for Anime Festival Orlando, and this paint is absolutely amazing. But I was having a brain fart, and decided to immediately dip my brush into it without wetting the brush or putting water on the product. Yeah, kinda a stupid move. All in all, I will most definitely buy more colors for different experiments."
"I bought this in light grey for an Ursula costume and it worked great. I used it as base and then applied Mehron's Paradise in purple over it to get the shade that I wanted. It is really easy to apply and I set it with powder and then a setting spray. I was going to be in a parade in June so I knew with being in the heat it wouldn't last as long as something waterproof or latex so I was expecting to lose some coverage. We walked for a few hours in the sun and heat and it held up much better than I expected. It is water based so if you sweat or have rubbing on the area where you have the make up you'll lose some coverage. After a few hours I lost some of the makeup on my neck and where I had my necklace laying but nowhere near as much as I expected. Best part about being water based is it was so easy to take off, which is really great if you're using it for a large part of your body. I highly recommend it."
"This is a pretty great facepaint. You simply need a little bit of water, apply it, and then it dries to the touch. It might come off a little if you press hard, but for the most part it's a solid paint. The only thing with this particular color is that since red is so strong, you may need to watch for slight staining. Otherwise great product!"
awesome face paints thats are applied with just a bit of water and dry quickly. once dry you can layer colors. buy a 2nd white to be able to mix colors.
"Cake arrived hard and won't respond to any applicator, or soften. Worthless."
This face paint is so great. I bought it to cosplay as the Joker and when I tested it out it was Amazing!
"I'm a Homestuck cosplayer, and I really like the color for troll makeup. All you have to do is get some seallant and baby powder and you're set. Very nice quality body paint. I never had any skin irritation with this either."
The product was good overall but the color came off in splotches
It was a little hard to use. It was stiff hard to apply
This makeup has been very useful for our NPC's at our local LARP (Live Action RolePlay). Easily applies and easily wipes away with damp cloth or baby wipe! Which is what we need! We are constantly putting on and taking off the makeup throughout the day/night. Awesome purchase!
It looks amazing! Can't wait to do my friends Marshall Lee makeup with it!
"I extremely enjoy this product! Like most reviews, I use this product for Homsetuck troll make up. It works so well, and comes very easily, I recommend that you use 1-2 layers, because after the third layer it becomes very crackly. Other than that, this product is amazing!"
Awesome product but it was delivered 6 days late.
This was the best! Honestly as an African American this really covered up very well! I'm cosplaying as Undyne and this face paint was real easy to use! Just put a little baby powder on top to hold it all together! Don't mind the ugliest called me XD
It works very well you may have to layer it but it's not to hard to use
I was expecting thick white clown makeup. But thankfully it goes on thin and looks really good for a joker costume.
"Snazaroo is essential to face painting. I go through the White, Red, and Yellow like candy.

For line work I prefer diamondFX and Tag."
works great and washes off easy
I'd heard great things about this brand of face paint but the paint I received was as hard as cement. Not sure if I got an old batch but this face paint wouldn't spread at all. It was really hard & crumbly.
"one tub goes a long way.  teenagers used it at a relay for life party to do body painting / tribal designs on 20+ kids.  no one used it to completely cover their body purple, but even so, more than half was left over.  product didn't smear and color was very sharp and easy to work with. they didn't do anything special to set the color (as I read other reviewers who do cosplay do), but it didn't matter for their application."
This is great makeup. I just did a quick test to try it out. I still had some on in the morning. Not greasy or oily feeling.
"My daughter loves this brand, it's not sticky or clumpy like others. She ends up with a nice smooth look and feel."
"I got orange, white and black and they held up all day at wondercon. I normally have a bit of an oily face so it was great it lastes all day and night. Best bang for you buck on body/face paint!"
its really dark and washes off easily! with two coats its a perfect black and it lasts a long time :o) im using it for my mtt ex cosplay for my neck and it works great :)
"Great for homestuck troll cosplays. The paint feels light on your skin and is a good color, however it can take a couple layers to get the desired effect (but that of course depends on the method you use to apply it). It isn't a pain to take off (just a damp washcloth will do), and for the most part doesn't flake while you're wearing it. It's good face paint that I would definitely recommend."
"It does work well on Green Screen. For a demonstration, go to Rick Kepple, on YouTube and look for ""Ozarks Trackers: Episode 8"" with the Father Time segment and an invisible face."
"I bought this for a Halloween costume and it worked great. Did just what I needed and I am in no way experiences with face paint or makeup in any way. The color was a true red, and that is just what I needed."
great
Works great for Anime cosplay.
The delivery date was changed so many times. I could not depend on my delivery. I had to make other arrangements.no dependable.
"Great face paint! Best quality I have ever used. Goes on very smoothly (mixed with a few drops of water), dries nicely-without cracking, and stays on with little to no rub off. I used this for 53 kids in a drama production to make everyone different animals. I purchased several colors and had tons left over!!"
"I use this for LARP. I've worn it on a very hot day, and I was being very active, but it didn't run or smear at all! I LOVE this make up, and will definitely be buying it in more colors."
"Great product, quick on time delivery"
No problems with this order.
Very nice!
"This paint goes on smoothly, and didn't crack when dry, or irritate my skin. I wore it for about 10 hours as a cosplay with no issues or need for touch-up."
"While it's a great concept, the powder, even with a moist sponge goes on patchy and way lighter. You have to do three or more coats and even then it does not blend well. Very disappointed after waiting so long for it, then seeing my daughter disappointed in quality. One day, one day !!we will find good grey makeup."
was a gift
"Works great in my kit, only for halloween though"
I was green for a few days after.  But I didn't care. My beast boy looked awesome!
"This did not go on as smoothly and easily as I'd hoped and it required multiple layers to get it the solid blue.  However, once it was on, it stayed well and washed off easily."
"I love this product. goes on nicely with a bit of practice. if you are going to a con, be sure to seal it!"
"I am a beginner, bought several brands, this brand has less opacity"
"I usually don't write reviews (In fact, this is my first) but as Homestuck trash who heard about how this is the best paint to use, I DEFINITELY AGREE.
I just used this today and have never actually done a Troll cosplay before today. I used the light grey and, yes it does look a little blue when you first put it on, but when it dries it's the perfect shade of grey.  Lots of people loved my cosplay and I kept getting compliments.
Had I not been rushed, my makeup would've come out much better (thank god I look kinda androgynous. Makes cosplaying easier for me) and I could've gotten the paint on my arms more evenly.
I barely even made a dent in the paint after putting it on my face/arms. So one container is enough for, I'd say about 5 or 6 uses.
I didn't have the money for sealer, but baby powder does kinda work as long as you don't rub on things or get wet (you can see where the paint started coming off on my lips)
This stuff made my cosplay kinda professional looking, which greatly helped because I honestly didn't expect it to come out this great.
I hope this helped, even if I did kinda get a little off topic. I'm just really happy with how this turned out."
My daughter loves it!
Excellent color for a Lapis Lazuli cosplay!
Dyed mine and my friends skin yellow. Bought from them before and never had problems. I wouldn't suggest buying this color because I don't know if I'll be able to get the dye out of my skin in time for school and work on Monday.
"I'm pretty sure they sent me gray instead, AHAHAH. As a GRAY color, hey, it's ""gray""t, but for white I think I need to buy another shade. The color itself blends nicely and doesn't feel grimy or anything!"
"Not suitable for tan/Asian skin tone. I turned robin's egg blue after more than one coat. Looked perfectly grey on my Caucasian friends, but if you're of Southeast Asian descent, or have a very yellow/tan color to your skin, try Ben Nye's Cadaver Grey. It is a warm-based tone and works much better. I was doing a Vriska cosplay."
It is super easy to use and it arrived earlier than expected! I love it
"This is a waste of money! I wish i had never bought it. I have used red, yellow, black, green, and light grey snazaroo, and they were OKAY. Not great, but not too terrible. But the white? It wouldn't even let me layer it right. The first two photos represent how it looked on my skin. I wore makeup for an hour or so, before finding my now (ex friend) and asked them if i could use their makeup. They said yes, and let me use it, Which is Ben Nye Clown White in the third picture. My money has never been more wasted. Snazaroo flakes off. Ben nye, you can frickin swim in. I met another cosplayer there at the convention, who had also used white snazaroo, and they had the SAME EXACT ISSUES. I had let them use the ben nye, and they looked MUCH better and felt MUCH more confident as i did. I will never recommend this product. don't waste your money."
The color was more gray than white.
Got this for my face/neck makeup as Beetlejuice on halloween. It is a very light grey color so worked well on my lighter olive skin. I have sensitive skin and liked that this is more natural. It does fade some over the night though. I didn't apply the makeup very heavy on my face. I user a regular makeup sponge but do have to apply quite a bit to get it to show a bit.
just as stated thanks
"I ordered this paint recently to use for ""The Hulk"" costume. I was nominated by my softball team to be our Hulk in a charity tournament for a young cancer patient that loved the comic book character.

Great paint! In my opinion, the grass green was the perfect shade for the hulk. I am a good sized guy....6'6"" 290lbs, and with coverage for full face and limbs, I could have used this for probably 3-5 applications. I used a sponge to apply with a dab of water every now and then. It was easy to apply and fill in any light spots.

I did not seal the paint in any way, so about the 2nd/3rd game, the paint started to change color and separate into a yellow. I expected this because I didn't seal it, and I knew it was hot and I was sweating while playing softball. That being said, a light touch up layer brought it right back.

Another great attribute was the ease of removal. One good scrubbing in the shower and I had it 95% off. I only had some slight yellowing in joint creases that needed a little extra attention."
ok
I got this for my Joker cosplay and the coverage is perfect. I highly recommend this product.
Great coverage
"I bought this because it was one of the recommended products to get the right color for the trolls from Homestuck. I didn't realize that the grey was a bit more blue, though! It would work great for Terezi, Vriska, or Equius but... Not so much the others.

It does go on smoothly and doesn't seem to rub off a whole lot so it's an excellent product. It's just way more blue than expected."
Super pigmented and easy to apply!
"Goes on great and stays on fantastically, would highly recommend if your using it in cosplays"
"SOLID, DRY, HORRIBLE"
"Its a nice product, but I bought a mass amount of white for Addams Family Values and they all came labeled as white when the actual packaging said light grey. I can't even figure out how to contact the seller about this. It's frustrating and I need to buy more but I don't want to buy from here in fear of it being light grey again."
Worked awesome for wicked witch costume!
"Worked great for class! The best part of this paint is that you add water to make it work. This means I can store it later and not have to worry about it getting all over the place because it is dry! I really love using this for rallies with my students. It allows them to show some school spirit, gets them all hyped for the rally, and makes me look like an awesome teacher!"
I have almost every color!
Left my skin stained yellow after washing off. Kind of disappointed :(
Bold color and lasts long. Perfect for Burning Man costumes
My daughter uses this for her Cosplay.  One of her favorite brands is Snazaroo.  Good texture.
ok
"It was a little challenging for me to apply as a make up noob, but the color was great."
Thank you!!
"Snazaroo is cheap and works well, Jut took a little practice to experiment with the consistency and all, I put black eyeshadow over as a little bit of a sealer, used it for my skeleton makeup! Def recommend"
Nice color. Feels very light. Goes on easy. Not the greatest but it works well for the price. Make sure to use a primer and SET IT! (looking at you Homestucks ;p ). Baby powder works.
"Okay let me tell you how amazing this paint is, it covers very well for one. It barely feels like you have any on and it lasts a while. We went to a con ""Zipcon"" and I did my brothers makeup (shown in the picture) and everyone loved it, I couldn't stop getting compliments."
Dried out. Wouldn't apply very well.
"How do you apply it? It's very ""firm"" and I had to spend a long time trying to blend it onto my skin. There must be a trick."
Loved it!  Felt great on my face and easy to apply and remove.  A little went a long way.  Definitely getting more next year.
This is blue facepaint. I don't know what else to say.
"I love this product so much! It applies well with a small amount of water, theres a lot of product for the price you pay. It applies smoothly and isn't too streaky. It dries fast and its so comfortable i forgot i was wearing it!!"
"Incredible product. I've used multiple colors, and as long as you put on primer, it does amazingly well and is very versatile. I'd recommend for any cosplayer or makeup/sfx artist out there."
"Great quality, amazing brand, many options."
"Works really well, blends with other colors too. No application instructions so I just used my hands. I should get a brush or something"
Perfect as always.
"I live in the Virgin Islands, and it's really hot here. You sweat. This paint was melting when I was hot and flaking when I was in air conditioning, no in between."
great for troll cosplays
"This face paint went on easily.  I used it for Halloween, and put on a thin layer.  I have VERY sensitive skin, this product caused absolutely no irritation!  Would buy again."
Great product!  As advertised! Fast shipping!
"I wanted to be the bride of Frankenstein....It didn't apply very evenly, I ended up washing my face and just doing exaggerated eye make up. Kind of a waste."
OMG! This Is Just Awesome!! My very first time doing Face paint...and it turned out just perfect for my Pirate Invasion Costume!!!
Arrived in a timely manner and is exactly as described.  I would recommend to others.
Turned out more gray than I expected but goes on wonderfully.
"Worked really well and didn't get all over everything and was easy to get off. I would use again! I used one to cover my face, neck, arms, and chest and had a lot left over."
"Difficult to apply, but lasts a long time."
"I kept watching homestuck make up tutorials (Learning by watching), And one of the best cosplayers I've seen used this one. So I finally mustered up the courage to buy some, thinking ""Come on! Try it out! If it's bad, you only spent 5/6 dollars!"" Yeah, 5/6 dollars for the BEST STUFF EVER. I must admit, I haven't actually used it on my face yet, but I tried it out on my hand, and it was awesome. (I need to get a better makeup sponge though, it sorta streaked.) And, as many reviews have said, it washes off like butter. I recommend this for any homestuck cosplayer. (or cosplay for people who have grey skin @-@.)"
"I used a sponge only because I need it put on very very lightly for the cosplay I used it for.  However, I love that it can fully cover you when you use a drop of water and a brush.  The only reason I rated 3 stars instead of 5 was because of the packaging.

The product itself is amazing, but mine specifically, which arrived today, arrived with no packaging cushions (typically large bags of air), the lid wasn't secured to the blue application holder, the side of the plastic case (the yellow and white product case that says FDA approved and all that) was torn open, and the paint was dry and cracked.

PS: I almost appreciated the product casing being torn. I could slip the face paint right out of it just by moving the cardboard back."
snaz is snaz
As described!
Very neon almost... I wish i got pale blue
"Good stuff, a little goes along way and I used it so many times and still haven't made a dent.  I wasn't keen on spending 8 bucks for one face paint color but I needed it way more that I realized this Halloween and will save it for next.  I have a snazaroo face painting pallet I bought two years ago and it's still going strong great brand worth the extra $"
"Can't wait to use it, read great reviews and I ordered yesterday and got it in the mail today!"
"This is the professional grade make up to buy!  No itchy face, goes on easy as directed and comes off easy. Looks amazing. We painted our entire face like this to look like a sugar skull and no one at the party recognized us. It lasts forever. We still have ours from last year. HIghly recommend."
"This product is amazing! An 18ml pot gives you SO much! It also applies beautifully and stays on very long without cracking, caking, or transferring- much. But as with all other makeup items, you'll want to properly moisturize the area for intended application and set it afterwards with a translucent powder and a setting spray.
The item came about a week after I ordered it, which was great, and the company even included a little 'Thank you' paper inside the packaging. I will definitely buy this again!"
perf
"Love snazaroo!

Do not expect a bright red, this red is a little more subtle."
definitely made enhanced my nightwing cosplay look!
"I bought this because this is a cheaper alternative to other body paints I have used. It worked great in small portions, all over coverage required 2 coats, but the cost makes up for that and then some.
Lasted well, I set it with a translucent powder, got a bit dry and chunky after only an hour but that was because of needing multiple coats of paint to white out my face.
Over all happy, if I had the money I would go nuts and get all the colors."
Goes on easy and stayed on well
Awesome color and I love it
Yellow paint. Good.
Used for a high school fundraiser and was excellent!!
"Took a few layers to look okay but came on smoothly and was easy to wash off. I reccommend sealing it with makeup sealant or hairspray and powdering it down with baby powder to keep it from rubbing off. Also don't try to apply it with a brush as it will be smeary, use a makeup applicator sponge instead (you can get these at pretty much any dollar store)"
Great product.  Performs as advertised.  Thanks for the prompt deliver and good price.
"looks like a dark red, but once you add water to your brush and use, its a dark orange, great color."
"I really enjoy snazaroo and it helps so much with my cosplays I do. I'm only concerned about buying a specific color, Pale Yellow, here on amazon because it doesn't have the appropriate picture (If you compare it to the bright yellow, it's the exact picture and it's different on the snazaroo website)"
I used this to do a greyscale silent film star makeup. Worked really well. Add a little water and it will cover much faster.
Doesn't seal and it gets everywhere.
"Our daughter wanted to be a blue kitty for Halloween. This face paint was perfect. Easy to apply. Easy to remove. And with a squirmy 4-year old, that means a lot! Great buy!"
"A few people I know along with a bunch of other cosplayers who have used snazaroo said the product was great so I tried it. I used a makeup sponge to apply, getting the sponge wet like it said to and I tried dabbing it on for 20-30 with little success. I could barely cover my face and whenever I touched it it either smudged or came off completely. It even smudged in the process of applying it ?? I tried letting it dry then applying more and that only made it worse. Thanks, but no thanks."
"This face paint is seriously the best I've ever tried. It goes on smooth like foundation and lasts a long time. I used this for my ""grayscale"" Halloween costume and it was the perfect shade of gray."
"Perfect for painting larger areas. The pigmentation is good and the paint stays on long and isn't flaky. It also wasn't hard to get off after either. Lasts a long time, just add more water."
Its flaking really bad. Ive never had this issue before. Ive tried multiple methods. i dot know whats wrong
Good stuff for what I needed it for
"with this makeup, you'll want to set it using a setting powder, because it will wipe off. Snazaroo is the greatest facepaint of all time, goes on easy, comes off easy. stays vibrant."
Good deal
Just what My Daughter wanted!!! Thanks!!
Perfect
Bought it for Simpsons colored face paint. Went on perfectly with a little hot water and didn't crack up. We wore it for 5 hours without it coming off. We made sure we were completely dry before rubbing up against anything. It washed off very well too. We used a loofa to help take the paint off. Did not stain our white tub either.
Perfect color for Sally from Nightmare Before Christmas
"Works well even in the summer heat. I use mine for a comic convention and it stayed on all day also I have a ton of product left.

If your going for a ghostly white look I would use less or mix with some foundation for a lighter look."
This catrinas won't know what hit them!
"Read the reviews: Good for lightning other colors, but useless on skin. One star for coming in on time."
these are the best facepaints
I couldn't get it on thick enough and had to improvise.
"I bought the product for my Karkat Vantas Cosplay. The product arrived very fast and I was very excited. When I did end up using the product it was difficult to get it to be a constant gray for my troll skin. It came out very blotchy and after adding many layers of it, it finally came out okay. It takes lots of patience to get it right."
Good for cosplay
"Worked great, wish it came with an applicator and had 'cleaner' ingredients though."
Could not use bc it was hard as a rock.
"Always a great buy. Comes earlier than ""expected arrival date""."
GREAT coverage! I only needed two thin coats.
Very good product
"Easy to use and wash off; however, its hard to get a good, opaque coating on the skin as it's water-based and comes off easily. It also cracks fairly easily if you don't seal it properly."
"So, as with a lot of people here, I purchased this for Homestuck cosplays ^.^ I've been using it since my first troll cosplay and I absolutely adore it. It goes on well, and if set correctly, stays on fairly well too. Easy to remove and I've found it's quite easy to add makeup over it (eyeshadows, liner, contouring etc.) and one container does go a long way. If sealed well, it'll mostly hold up to sweating and such, though reapplications are needed from time to time. It's a great product and i'm certainly going to keep using snazaroo as long as I'm cosplaying ^.^"
"Used as an overall body paint as well as face paint for a Disgust costume (from the Inside Out Movie). The color is a little light and it definitely comes off with the slightest amount of moisture/sweat. I'd suggest mixing it with some Ben Nye activator and sealing it with some finishing spray (hairspray will work in a pinch for this as well). Applying with make up sponges or hands seems to be the quickest way to get a good application. I had to ""reset"" the paint a few times by using a spray bottle with water to ensure a smooth finish, but it worked and lasted a decent amount of time during a hot California Halloween."
"The best face paint out there I believe. Stays on well, fast arrival, over all an amazing product."
Great brand
The only downside is it smears a bit after a while.
"Like a few other reviewers who are in the minority here, I really had a bad experience with my batch of Snazaroo paint. It was very difficult to get on, even experimenting with different amount of water application. Every coat was extremely thin and smeared easily, which meant I had to wait for each layer to dry before putting on the next...and the next...and the next. Even as I was finishing another part of my body, the first area I did was already crumbly and cracked. For the rest of the night, anything that touched the paint would make it crumble off, including the clothes I was wearing, so all around the edges of my clothes, there was a line of missing paint. Very disappointing and I really regret going with Snazaroo for my Halloween costume!"
More than what I expected.
"I like this yellow, it is strong for being a yellow pigment."
Easily applies. Long lasting. Easy wash off.
"Tip: without a basecoat, the face will just appear ill/jaundice rather than bright yellow. To achieve bright yellow, apply a white basecoat on the face first!"
"Good product, as advertised and arrived in time promised,"
"Worked great!!! Only needed to buy one for met legs, face and arms!"
"Yes, I and a group of 5 other adults dressed as oompa loompas this year (2015) for halloween.  Naturally we needed orange face paint.  After reading a lot of reviews and watching a few face paint tutorials I decided to go with snazaroo and found this product to be sold very reasonably priced by amazon.
It was very easy to use.  Just add a little water and swirl it around with your finger until the paint is pliable.  Then we finger painted our faces and neck which took maybe 5 minutes to completely cover someone's face.  Very simple application.  We could have used brushes but we were not doing anything delicate or artistic.  Just gobs of orange all over the face!  It worked great and looked great.  We had compliments all night.  I'd highly recommend it to anyone thinking of going as an oompa loompa and it's perfect for a group costume idea.
I don't know how many applications would work for this 18ml sized product. The descriptions says it could do 50 to 100 full faces and I believe it.  We did 6 and it hardly made a dent.  This will last a long time.
My wife who has fairly sensitive skin and breaks out in rash at the weirdest things was fine using this product.  No one else experienced any allergic reaction problems.
This washed off in one shower with minimal scrubbing and basic face soap.  I was extremely worried about this as we flew out of the state the next day and didn't want to have to explain to TSA why our faces were orange.  ""Really bad spray on tan?""  A warning on this point...this paint will get everywhere.  Wash your hands after application really well or everything you touch will have smudges of orange or whatever color you choose to use if you finger paint.  I had a few fingerprints smudged on my laptop and going through security at the airport made the TSA agents a little curious about it sending it through the scanner again and inspecting it by hand.  Could be a coincidence."
Cool!
"had to use a little water to damp the paint, but it goes on smooth."
worked great-thanks
great
The darkness can show streaks. I recommend using your hands instead of a sponge like we did. Otherwise it was great paint! Lasted all night with no smearing or removal. Came off with just water and rinsed right out of the tub. I would use it again.
I was happy with my lilac color.. I was Ursula for Halloween and I nailed it thanks to snazaroo.. It was a lil hard to apply but if you use a lil water its much easier:)
Great product easy to use and easy removal
"My kids used this for Halloween. They loved it! It didn't wear off much, but when wet after it dried the color changed to a more bluish tone. I thought I read that this was safe to put around the eyes and mouths before I bought ( I did look at a lot of different paints); however my mom pointed out that there was a warning on this product. It specifically said not to use around the eyes and mouth. Unfortunately, it was too late. Thankfully, my kids were fine. If it was safe it would be 5 stars.my kids loved playing in this even days before Halloween."
Easy to apply and remove.  I always use this brand of face paint.
"Worked well, easy to apply and remove."
A+
Great product!  Didn't smear all day!
LOVED THIS STUFF IT WORKS MAGIC!!! My Only down draw is that it is kinda hard to seal.
very good
Love it great for homestuck cosplay
It worked very well and stayed on great though I mixed it with water and I sweated a little in my costume. Cleaning up was also fairly easy.
Works great. Product as described. Goes on smoothly and covers well.
Excellent coverage! No cracking or drying.
Really high quality paint. Easy to apply and stays on better than other brands. Great for showing team spirit.
i thought i would use for next Halloween as a minion..
The one I received was not that good I guess.  I have only used it on my face once and it  didn't apply very well at all.
I use this for my Harley Quinn cosplay and poly it with light water and a beauty blender sponge. Goes on smooth and even. Dries matte and lasts a long time on
Goes on very creamy and smooth. Offers full coverage with one layer/application.
"terrible- did not go on easy, was dried up. do not recommend"
Ideal for Simpsons costume
Use damp but not wet for best application.
"Wonderful product. I used this for a greyscale Dorothy costume, and it held up wonderfully all night. My only issue was the slight blue tint in certain lighting."
Love this paint brand.  Easily removable.  No reaction when used on various children's skin.  Great saturation and easy to blend and layer with.
Highly suggest. I normally use Ben Nye but after using this I think Snazzaroo is the better of the body paints so I highly suggest it not to mention the price is much cheaper than that of Ben Nye.
"The instructions may have been listed on the plastic label but, I threw it away before checking. After trying to apply it to my son's face, I realized it needed to be wet. Once you wet the paint, it spreads like crazy. You don't need much and it stayed on all night. There is enough paint in there to last us a very long time too."
Did not flake and washed off easily. A bit hard to apply because It was dry and did not spread easily. I applied with a wet make up sponge which mostly fixed the problem. However it looked a bit streaky when applied and yellow was more neon than I wanted.
"This worked pretty well, though I only needed a tiny bit of it for my costume face paint. I would give it 5 stars if it came in a smaller package for cheaper, because who really needs this much - I will rejoice the day face paints come in individual small packages (that are NOT in an already pre-assorted pack)"
"I bought this for my Grand-daughter, who is 10. She has taken up face painting and has tried several different brands. We are weeding out ones that don't work as well for her. She has problems with ones that smear to easily, ones that don't apply smoothly, and ones that dry out to quickly. We have found that these are really the best ones to work with. We are getting a new color every time we order from Amazon, so she gets a new color every few weeks."
"It goes on nicely if you get it wet, stays on, and comes off super easy when you want it to!"
"If your skin is sensitive or you have allergies to latex or talc, I would pass. I used a primer underneath and I still got irritated skin and even a sore under my lips.  If you're not a skin issue person, it's probably fine.

The color is spot on and it's easy to apply."
"Used for my Kanaya Maryam halloween costume and worked wonderfully. Covered well with a few coats and even though I did two people's full face, neck, and hands (my friend and I were Kanaya and Nepeta), I still have PLENTY left. My only advice to other Homestuck trash is that you might want to get the light grey snazaroo because this is a bit dark for the trolls, but it still looks good"
"This worked great for my Wicked Witch of the West costume. Although, I did not realize I was getting 5 canisters of this stuff. I really only needed to do my face, and now I have enough green paint to apparently paint 500 faces. But still, my fault. The product itself is amazing, and I had a lot of compliments on how well the face paint looked."
"Perfect for my Cthulhu costume. It stayed on all night, And I did my face/arm/back 5 times and I still have a bunch left"
Nice color worked well with my costume.
Product arrived dried out and unusable
Covers well and produces a vibrant white. I painted 2 adults and 1 child and didn't even put a dent into this thing. It stayed on through 4 hours of trick-or-treating in the rain. Very pleased with my purchase!
"Good product! Homestuck cosplayers will like this facepaint.  I used it for my Vriska Serket cosplay about 4 times so far (face/neck/sometimes backs of hands) and I still have quite a bit left!
Just be aware that since it's water based, if you put too much water on the sponge when applying you will actually be wiping it off! Do some tests on your arms first to see exactly how much water will be the right amount.  :)"
Looks pitch black. Make sure you buy brushes if you are going to use this.
"This is another product with outrageous shipping cost. I wouldn't have minded that much if I got to use it on Halloween, but it was also old or something and would not spread."
Good paint. I had used this this year n last year. Was great coverage
"this is THE color for the wicked witch of the west costume. i tried many, and this is the one you want!"
"Decent paint, though you have to layer the product quite a bit to get good coverage. Also its quite dry, so application wasn't the most fun."
"Fantastic paint, though too dark for what I expected. This is a Minnesota Vikings colored paint, so keep that in mind. No flaw in the actual product though."
Excellent product....quick delivery.
Snazaroo products are great! I used them to cover my eyebrows for my Oompa Loompa costume and it worked great. It did not smear or feel cakey or flake. This will last for a few applications depending on the area you are applying to.
"I bought this product to cosplay as a purple alien.
1. It blotches horribly!!!
2. It stained my skin pink after removal.
3. It applies on very thin and takes multiple layers to even cover.
I would NOT recommend this product for cosplay or for any type of body makeup."
"It worked perfectly dabbed on my face, but was awful on my neck and arms. We spent hours trying to get it even, dabbing and smearing with various accounts of water and the paint and still couldn't fully get rid of the streaking. Obviously water soluble, to the point that getting a drop of water on it left a mark. That made me afraid to use Final Seal on it, so I just topped it with powder. Aside from getting wet, it stayed on well with less ruboff on my clothes than I expected, even then only on the inside."
"I am so disapointed ...the colors are great but they were so dry I couldn't apply them,I wanted to use them for halloween and now I have to go buy new make up tomorrow....I am crush"
"Very good, would buy again"
Arrived on time and as described.
"I was pretty disappointed in the appearance of this when it arrived. The glue holding the disk of paint to the bottom of the container was dried out and is now free to rattle around or fall out of the packaging. The top was held on with scotch tape, which seemed a bit odd to me. The product itself is alright - I ordered light grey, and it definitely leans blue in tone, but I guess I can't complain too much because it was only like $6."
This is exactly what we were looking for! Our daughter is dressing as a Homestuck character for a convention and this is the perfect shade. We tried it on her wrist first. The application was simple and coverage was perfect. She is ecstatic!
"Great pigment, very easy to work with"
"As the mom who buys this, I know my daughter gives this 5* but as the purchaser and the owner of the brand new car with grey face paint on the brand new black leather that WONT come off no matter what I use to clean it I urge parents to be careful.  Don't let your homestucker sit in your car without a towel no matter how much they swear it washes right off, or better yet, does not smudge, I'm here to tell you Maury said that was a LIE.  It smudges and stays forever on leather.  Would I buy it again? Yes.  Because I love my daughter and she loves this product.  I've purchased it more than a few times already.  Teach them how to set this product.  But still don't let them touch stuff."
I'm not sure if it is supposed to arrive rock hard and have the glue dried up on the back of the container so that the actual cake of paint falls out of the container or not? I haven't applied it to my husband's face yet for the Tin Man but will try with a wet sponge.
"I needed SOLID white face for a Halloween costume and this was amazing. Easy to smear on, stayed on all night without cracking or looking bad, and washed off SUPER easy when I got home. 10/10."
easy to use
Great as a troll cosplay remember it's water activated though so best not to use it during really hot days where you'll sweat
"Oh, dear lord. This paint was terrible. I usually use Snazaroo to paint myself grey for homestuck cosplay, and I've never had a problem with it before. My friend and I went to Salt Lake Comic Con recently, and I had ordered this a couple days before, with two day shipping. When the paint arrived, I noticed it was a bit squishy, which shouldn't happen, even when you get it wet, and it smelled bad. I also noticed it was a lot darker than normal. I didn't care too much for it at the time, but when I went to take it off that evening, I noticed it had left sores on my face and it was a lot harder to get off than usual. My friend couldn't get it off of his chest for days. I'm not sure if it's the seller, or the two day shipping. Either way, I would not recommend it at all. Find another seller, or get it from the Snazaroo site! I have no problem with Snazaroo, it's just this particular batch was a pain, literally."
"The product I ordered was dark blue, the invoice said dark blue, the product label said dark blue. Open it up and the product is actually hot pink. I give this 0 stars, but it makes me give at least one star. :("
I bought this for dia de los muertos make up. I applied it with a damp sponge and it came out flawless. Very good quality color.
Good for Kurloz Makara.
perfect for homestuck cosplays! :)
I was swayed to buy this by reviews and a video to replace the Ben Nye liquid red I have.  It is easier to apply but it doesn't go on well over other colors and it cracks.  It would be fine for face painting for kids at a carnival because it is easy to apply but not good for clown makeup or stage.
Light grey is more of a blue tone so beware--doesnt really dry if you put a good primer underneath your skin
Makeup was dries up and couldn't use.
Works very well and there ALOT of product in here
All dried up.  Even water over night would not activate it.  Very disappointed as for I was going to use this for Halloween
"I was looking for a cheaper alternative to Ben Nye and Graftobian Pro Paint, so I tried this. I don't have a whole lot of experience with special effects makeup or face painting, but I don't think this was a good place to start... I feel like it's almost impossible to get full coverage from this face paint, it is extremely streaked and smears easily, and takes forever to dry. When it does dry it cakes into the skin and is very easy to crack-- I wasn't able to blend anything in afterwards because the face paint would just come off. However, the worst part about this for me was that after I used it and washed it off thoroughly, my skin has been out of control with breakouts. I can't get it to calm down, and it has also developed a crusty layer on top of it. I would definitely not recommend this product."
Exactly what my daughter needed for her Halloween costume.
I love snazaroo because it is good quality face paint on a budget.
great face paint!
Really crappy quality paint. don't waste your money.
This stuff is pretty good.  I was a little bothered that it didn't have great directions for how to apply it but I used a makeup sponge to blot it on and it worked well.  I got this in white and it was impressively opaque even with one coat (but 2-3 coats is better).  It didn't crack on my skin and was really easy to wash off.
"Good stuff. Stays put for a while if you powder it. Use fingers when applying because it did not work well with a sponge. I used it to cover my whole face, I was Yoda for a work thing, and there were no breakouts afterwards."
"Obviously if you're getting snazaroo in grey then you're homestuck trash.

Make sure to seal fellow cosplayers!"
"ok so I use this for Homestuck cosplays, and I love the colour. It's perfect light grey, and I don't have to do any mixing. I bought this and a black snazaroo for Karkat (his sleepy raccoon eyes, I guess?) and I love how well it stays on. However, I've learned how to use it best by trial and error.
1. test it out before you go to the con
2. do NOT get it wet, or wear it where you'll be sweating a lot, or exposed to rain/humidity/swimming areas. It's water-based so it'll bleed off pretty quickly. Even taking a sip of water with it on, it rubs off my lips, so I always keep one of these with me at cons, to re-apply it. Use straws if you're drinking, and if you eat wearing this, you'll have to redo the lips. Unless you use lipstick instead of this on the lips, in which case, you're fine. I'm a guy so yeah, no lipstick. This works just fine.
3. When I'm applying it, I don't follow the directions on the label. If you do just a light, thin layer like it suggests, it will look washed out, streaky, and blotchy. Your fingerprints and application strokes will show. I know that's how you're supposed to do it, but I just don't like how it looks. What I do is open up the cap, let a couple droplets of water soak into it, and wait until it's kinda a thick putty (peanut butter-ish?), then I glob it on my face. Yes, I know it sounds gross. Yes, my pores can still breathe, yes it's comfortable, no it isn't itchy, no it doesn't burn my skin, yes I've left it on for 10+ hours before and have had no issues whatsoever, no it doesn't aggravate my acne. The water-based compound is easy on my skin. It feels nice on, moisturising. After I do the base grey colour, I take just a dab of black Snazaroo on my pinky finger, make it into a thick paste just the same, and splotch it beneath my eyes for Karkat's baggy eyes. No streaking, just like a light dabbing motion, till it's well-blended. I let that sit about five minutes, and then use matte finishing spray (Ben Nye Final Seal). You need this. It will help. Your makeup stays in place, doesn't look mottled, and overall helps it not run as bad or look as shiny. I don't use any powders atop that, just the finishing spray. Spritz like once or twice into the air, walk into it, wait a couple minutes, and do it again, till you go through it 2-4 times or so? In theatre we used to use hair spray to set our makeup, but I've never tried it with Snazaroo, since every water and alcohol-based makeup reacts differently to the sprays. But yeah, Ben Nye is great. If you don't use a final seal, it's not a huge deal, but it'll make the Snaz blotch, run, and show sweat more.
4. Don't use Snaz on your arms. Or your neck. Or your hands. Or your legs. It will run. You will be miserable. Your clothes will get grey all over the edges. Your con experience will be filled with grey smudges all over your priceless con purchases and group photos. You don't want that. Even expensive Mehron/Ben Nye paints will still run with heat, humidity, and time at the con. Plus you have to keep re-applying it. No matter how much you set it and re-apply it, you will have issues unless you absolutely don't touch anything. Not fun. It's fine if you're just going out for a photo op, but for a con, you want something where you can use your hands. So you can eat and drink and do other important activities. Also, bathroom breaks...yeah. Paint on your hands just isn't a good idea. I HIGHLY suggest making armsocks out of tights, fabric medium/paint, and fake nails painted yellow. There's a few awesome tutorials on Tumblr. That way you can pull them on and off, do pics, and actually grab that awesome t-shirt at the con. For limbs, don't use water, grease, or alcohol-based paints if it's an all-day con. You can but there's always that risk; even just brushing your leg on a chair might smear it. PAX is a good option for legs, as well as opaque tights. For photo ops (for less than an hour), any body paint will work fine. Anything more than that, PAX is great. It feels and looks like skin. It's a mixture of 60% Pros-Aid and 40% Liquidex paint. It is AMAZING. Anytime I cosplay Karkat, I do my neck with PAX, then my face with Snaz. The colours work great, and with the separation line just under my chin, you can't tell where the two paints blend. PAX does NOT rub off or smear on my collar. At all. Be kinda careful about humidity, though. DO shave before you use PAX; it can be ridiculous to scrub off. Best way to get PAX off is to sweat, let the bubbles bead up beneath it, and wipe off with a hot rag. SO, RECAP: Snaz for face. It is awesome. Cake it on. Ben Nye and Mehron are other good brands I've tried, and I know a few others that are like $30 per canister. But Snaz is cheap and works just fine. PAX on neck and upper arms. Arm socks for hands. You'll thank me later.
5. Snaz washes off extremely easily, just a hot, wet rag and facial wash. As long as you don't rub your face too much during the day, and as long as you're not outside sweating, however, you shouldn't have a problem with it dripping off. I've used it at Dragon*Con, where I was waiting for panels outside in the heat. As long as I didn't touch my face when I came back inside, let the AC chill it down, the makeup reset to my face perfectly. Really just trial and error. But this stuff is way cheaper than Mehron and Ben Nye, and as long as you use it well, it works just fine.
6. It goes a long way. I've been on the same grey and black containers for over a year, and have done Karkat probably 10 times. Just the face, but still. You don't need much."
love this product
FacePainter Quality.  Great Paints
"Good product, the lid was cracked."
"In certain lighting, it came out blue."
Works great!
"VERY HAPPY I GOT IT THREE WEEKS EARLY AND IT'S AMAZING :D ALWAYS TEST IT ON A SMALL PART OF YOUR SKIN! I actually put it on me and I forgot I had it on till right now, I've had it on for two hours now and it doesn't crack or anything, may stain though."
"I know from experience that Snazaroo is a good face paint but when I ordered this on my prime account, I got a purple paint instead of the blue."
Love it very pigmented
Although the product is great. I was shipped the wrong color. I purchased the maroon color and I received the dark blue.
Good coverage if put in layers
I would not buy this again. I bought this a while ago for homestuck and not only does it apply terribly but its blue not grey. Do not reccomend.
"Great coverage, not oily. Doesn't swear much once dried. Will order additional colors."
Snazaroo is a great brand of facepaint and this container paints many many faces.
This is the worst cake of snazaroo I've ever purchased. I wouldn't recommend it to my worst enemy.
"Perfect for Homestuck troll makeup.
Tip (if you didn't know): dusting your face with baby powder with help seal the makeup and make it feel soft!^-^"
"I ordered maroon and received blue.  Again! Dark blue waith a sticker on it that says "" maroon"" maroon is a red not a blue! Very disappointed."
Great coverage and not much needed!
I love using this brand of body paint the shade is PERFECT or my ruby cosplay
"FDA approved and safe. But, one thing no one shares is that it can turn into a grease make up , quickly, if not placed in the refrigerator after each use. The quality is poor in weather condition that is warm or if weather is humid, over time, this brand of face paint will melt and turn into waxy , grease paint like paint. And then , it's a whole new mess to work with and difficult to gain end result with some designs. Becareful. There are , a lot  more brands that will hold up under any condition, weather and storage."
Great Product !  the make up is  limitless !
Good product seems safe and is easy to use.
"I ordered the Light gray snazaroo face paint for my daughters Terezi cosplay, it came and it looked more like the dark gray.."
"Very efficient! I've used it several times, and I've barely made a dent in it. I would recommend using a large paintbrush for application if you're painting your whole body, because it's much easier to get an even coat. If you get it too wet, it's harder to have a solid color, so be careful there. This is better for full body painting because some setting powders make the paint lighter, and the light grey looks almost white. Overall, it's worth the money c:"
"Best face paint. Good, true color. Cleans off easily, goes on easily. Just use a little water and a standard water color paint brush!"
Product worked great for body paint.  We enjoyed the use and clean up of it.
good face paint that is credible and affordable. loving the skyblue color of this!
"Awesome! Professional stuff - must have for full-face coverage. Please remember to seal it, when it is not sealed it gets very messy. Daughter adored it and we will be purchasing more soon."
"I have to say, I'm sure this paint would be good for casual face painting but for sfx uses it's too dry. I prefer cream based paints for their blend-ability and lasting nature."
"As far as snazaroo goes, I've only used the Light grey, and due to this being a lighter color, it took a few more layers than it typically did with the they, but I'm pretty happy with it. It looks rather lovely for my opal cosplay."
Seemed stale.
Love it ! Apply with brush
I ordered pale yellow but received The Sparkle Collection face paint set.  I re-ordered item and again received The Sparkle Collection.
Great amount of paint applies well did appear to leave some stain on children's faces the day before first day of school (face palm)
"Arrived quickly, very high quality!"
hard to apply but good color
"Easy to apply with a large brush, and didn't crack at all. A little difficult to get a real thick coat if your short on time."
"I got the entirely wrong thing. Instead of a pale yellow face paint, which is what i needed for cosplay. I got a collection of different sparkly small colors. I wanted one thing of facepaint but instead got a kids face painting kit. This is not at all what i wanted."
"I absolutely love this face paint! It works nicely and if put on right, it won't come off as easily at a con. The light and dark grey are perfect for any Homestuck cosplay as well as any other colors for the new Steven Universe cosplayers out there."
Good buy
Great
I've had this for over two years and it still goes on like it's new! I've used it as Harley Quinn makeup as well as Mime makeup. I even dab a little on as eye shadow to highlight my brow bones.
Daughter had no problems using this product and she has sensitive skin. #dottiedixon
great for my cosplay !!!
"perfect for marshall lee, comes off nicely. SEAL IT please get some sealer for it tho"
Perfect! Quick shipping!!
Great for cosplay !
It did a good job for such a cheap price. It looks a little blue but once it drys looks much better. SEAL THIS. If you don't have access to the fancy stuff for sealing then use baby powder and hairspray. Be careful when going into hot areas or rain it will wash off. Good for homestuck cosplay.
"I used this paint for my Jasper (steven universe) cosplay! I loved it and application was smooth and easy.  It's very pigmented, and was super easy to get off with water in the shower."
homestuck here I come
"I love this. It's perfect for my meenah cosplay. But I wish it would have come packaged better. My grey face paint was everywhere when I opened the box. The little thing that holds the Greg paint in the container wasn't if in the container. The paint got everywhere, even on my blue face paint.

I'm really happy I got it but I just wished it was packaged better."
Easy to apply. Great for homestuck troll cosplays! However if it's not sealed it will come off you!
"So I bought this for my Homestuck troll cosplay and haven't seen a problem with it! Well maybe a couple.

Since it is water-based you need to get the brush wet multiple times. Yeah I didn't know that at first and the first few times it itched and stuff so don't forget to get the brush wet. Plus you don't use very much when it's wet.

Sometimes in certain angles it tends to look blue. But my room has crappy lighting so that may be why.

Just seal your makeup with either baby powder or final seal (And I think hairspray works as well but I can't imagine how sticky it would be) and you won't get it everywhere and get kicked out of cons!"
"I love this paint! its absolutely perfect and a huge step up from the party store cream paint i used to use!!
it goes on smoothly and i usually only have to do one coat depending on the amount of water i use."
"It spread very well, and my cosplay make up stayed on the entire con. However, DO NOT WEAR IT IF YOU HAVE SENSITIVE SKIN. The day afterwards, I had hot red pimples where the makeup was, and a dry spot on my chin. A month later, the dry spot is still there, as with some of the pimples. But, if your skin is normal, this makeup is quite good."
Works great!
"I had to apply this all other the top half of my body and it took forever (About an hour), but it's really good for it purpose. Long lasting and easy to remove as well. I can probably use one of these about 4-5 more time too because it spreads a lot and is pretty opaque. I got light gray btw."
"best face paints you can get! FDA approved, non-allergic, great colors! As an adult, I don't break out after using it on myself. Awesome ""bang for your buck"" I use it at birthday parties and school events. Probably get close to the 1000 faces!"
Did a good job at faceprinting
It's actually really good just got to add water and I didn't really have the right sponge to smooth it out so it was uneven which is ok because I was just testing it out but overall I really do love it and it's great for My Harley Quinn cosplay! :3 ps. I'm black guys can you even tell??? Lol XD
"I used it for my Lapis Lazuli cosplay. When i tested it the first time it was very dry and flakey and dried out my face completley. Maybe with some practice it might get better but if not, total waste of money"
Great as always. Perfect for my Marceline Cosplay. Got here super fast.
this product is amazing! it came earlier than when it was supposed to come!
Perfect make up for cosplay. Very easy to apply evenly and equally easy to remove.
"I really like sanzaroo and think it stays on great! (With proper sealing!) The only thing it that it takes a while to put on since it needs layers so there are no light/dark spots, but I don't mind it, it seems more authentic to me that way anyhow!
Great as usual, will be needing more!"
"It's great ! To apply find a large spong from a paint isle or store. If you use a big sponge versus the small wedges itll go a lot faster. Get a spray bottle and spray the cake 3 - 4 times and smother the sponge with it . Then wipe the makeup where you want it. It'll be streaky but you need a base coat, once it's dry do it again but this time dab instead to even it out, let it dry and get some powder. I would recommend Ben bye powder or baby powder. Get a fluffy brush and dust it lightly everywhere after that spray it with Ben bye final seal or hairspray and your done !"
Sent light gray instead of white. Like I wouldn't notice?!
"I bought 8 colors for Cosplay purposes. I got the colors light grey, pale pink, pale blue, black, maroon, red, white, and purple. All flawless. Super opaque and true to color. No cracking, none of them dyed my skin when I swatched them and you get a LOT of product for the price! 10/10, perfect product!"
I bought this product for my granddaughter to use for a costume. She loves it. Covered well and it was used on 3 teens and doesnt smear. My granddaughter didn't have to use the baby powder. Easy removal.
a bit mushy
"great color payoff, easy application"
Great for cosplay make-up
This is absolutely great it was just perfect for my HS cosplay and I am looking front to buying more of this!
"It came out lovely, I found it easy to apply and as a beginner it's a plus '"
"The ""Light Grey"" is a muted blue color, not grey. I was going to go greyscale for a party and saw that this paint was cheaper than the suggested one. I should have used the suggested one! This not only prevents airflow to your face, it also sweats off immediately after application due to this. I have combination skin, so if your complexion is all oily, AVOID this.

Still, it applies thick with only two passes. You rub on a base using an application sponge, then you dabble it to create a solid color. If you can get it to stay, it should work okay, assuming you aren't already sweating it off and you want a blue-tinted grey color."
Great product and great price
"Snazaroo is great for photoshoots, but in my experience it does crack! Very easy to apply: it's generally great!"
Idk it looked fake and not the real thing but whatever it works okay
"This paint is great, I'm cosplaying as Marshall Lee in an upcoming convention and the color is pretty accurate and covers evenly, even doesn't crease for me. Though, when water touched it after it dried on my skin, it became a bit uneven and I had to reapply, but very minor touch-ups. Overall, I would definitely recommend this paint to friends and fellow cosplayers because of it's unbeatable price and exceptional quality."
It's gray. Not white. Not white at all. :(
"Mixes easy, lasts a while if you set it with spray and powder, creamy and works well!"
"Perfect for cosplay, but smears slightly. Otherwise, it is good"
Great product from a great seller!
Great
If your a cosplayer with a darker skin tone this is the worst buy. On dark skin it shows up white and looks horrible it also can get in your hair and dye it. After I washed it off my skin was red in the areas and im not allergic to it. If you have a darker skin tone get a different shade of grey or you'll be wasting your money.
"Hard to get it on neatly but stays, doesn't crack or smear and looks nice."
Granddaughter loved it.
"Stayed on all day. Came off in the shower just fine. I just put on a little on my face, arms, neck, and legs for a Bruce Banner / Hulk costume."
I is a cosplayer I cosplay gamzee makara and I have to say the color is perfect and u might want to get sealer cause if u sweat i t will start to come off
"Got this for Marshal Lee, worked great."
"of course its the best, what else"
Great
Nice
great cosplay makeup
"As expected, as delivered, functioned perfectly for cosplay/costume use.  use with a sealant, as water will make it smear and come off, too much sealant and it flakes.  Also, sunlight heats it up (with appropriate smell) like asphalt."
FAST DELIVERY AND VERY GOOD
Very nice. Will get on your cloathes even if you seal it though.
I would have loved it...had the item ever showed up.
my daughter uses this face paint for her coseplay makeup and loves it.
"This works perfectly! I bought this for my Marceline cosplay, and it works great! I have darker skin and it looks great!"
You get what you pay for.
Works Great for cosplays
"I like the small, compact container.  Does not take much to do the job."
Dependable and nice and large-- I do huge volume face painting and this is a standard.
"I have used this brand to cosplay for a few years now and restock/order more often!

If you put it on right, it looks absolutely perfect and lasts pretty well, just make sure to use spray sealant and do occasional touchups!

INDIVIDUAL COLOR RATINGS:

Light Grey- basically perfect for homestucking, less blue than shown, good coverage.

Ochre Yellow- got Maroon instead, buy at own risk.

Apricot- came in a tad more boldly colored, though all around quite well represented by the picture.

Pale Blue- Looked really good, albeit slightly light for Sapphire from SU cosplay. Also very good coverage, i recommend it.

Purple- Came in dry as the fricking Sahara. Terrible coverage, streaky. My friend should have tested before the con.

Yellow: when mixed with Apricot, worked perfectly to make a midtone, and the Maroon that was sent to me instead of the Ochre I had ordered made for a good accent when doing Wrathia makeup!

Maroon: since I did get this instead of the Ochre, it works very nicely no complaints.

White: super good coverage, very opaque, no streaks. I was able to paint over no problem as well!"
"It's all dry out when I got them...stone like a rock!
I also purchased some black color which are in good condition."
Color goes on nice with primer! Painting on a second layer looks ever  better!
my dd wore it to NashiCon and liked it
"Came in on time and looks great, no damage or anything. I haven't tried this one yet but I have tried other colors and with a little bit of baby powder or sealer it stays on super nice and doesn't bleed off--great buy for cosplayers!"
"It's okay, but I don't know why everyone is so hyped for it though."
This stuff iz so awesome! It works great. Doesn't smudge or crack & lasts all night. I had to use it to play a cat in a musical for 4 shows & 3 dress rehearsals. & it's super easy to apply. Just wet a makeup sponge & you're good to go!
"Really good! Helped in my homestuck cosplay.
My only issues were that it comes off very quickly with water. While that's pretty helpful for removing it, it becomes annoying if you sweat (and I live in TX...). Also, after removing it, my face was super dry, but it wasn't a big deal since any lotion immediately stopped the dryness.
I'd recommend ordering that final matte spray thing, so that its comfortable and not dry.
overall, it came in handy :O)"
"tinny, but perfect! Smiles"
"It arrived quickly, and perfectly matched the color shown. I'll be using this body paint for an upcoming cosplay and I'm very satisfied with my purchase."
"The delivery was very fast and i loved the color of it! Definitely a good face/body paint if you plan to dress up as a character like Marceline from Adventure Time, haha. It may require a few layers if you want an even color, however, it is imperative you put on a sealer! If you put the paint on the lip area, definitely keep them moisturized!"
Great for princess bubblegum
I really like that I can reseal this after it is open so there is minimal if any waste. It's good quality face paint and hypoallergenic. I will buy more colors in this size and style of container.
perfect color for my grandddaughters uses
"I use this for my Homestuck troll cosplays, and it's a great facepaint.
Comes off easily with water, pretty nice colour. It does start to crack, or ship or whatever after awhile. Pretty sure this is because I didn't seal it. Otherwise, I totally recommend buying this. Though I only used this on my face, it didn't even dent the amount of facepaint. :D"
"We added water and were able to use it, but I was really disappointed. It wasn't as easy to create the shapes we wanted (think of the quality of cheap water color kits you'd buy for your toddler to paint with vs actual paint)."
ok
"I began my Homestuck cosplay experiences mixing two different shades of Mehron. Then I discovered this. It's easy to dab and apply and set with baby powder to avoid most ""graying"" things that you come into contact with. Shade is just a tad on the light side but not enough to complain about. Washes off quickly and easily when you're done.

No complaints, really. I've got this product bookmarked for the next time I need an order."
Like the color shipped very fast will order again.
excellent
Paint was dry and unusable when we received it.
Ok it has a blue undertone and you have to spruce it up every now and again but is perfect for those on a budget . Ps don't use to much or any baby powder to set it it'll get gross and crumbly
It's a great color but you can't put anything under it.  The base must be clear or it won't show up well.
This is the perfect color for Homestuck trolls!
its a little warmer in color than expected but it still works perfectly!
When I first applied this it was a light grey later on in the day it turned blue came off in a few spots and I used a spray to keep the paint to last next time prolly use ben nye
"i love it, im using it for my gamzee cosplay!! 10/10"
"Love Snazaroo paints! Nice color coverage, safe and FDA approved, easy clean-up and application."
"Good coverage, good pigmentation, I wish it didn't come off so easily... Like a splash of water and it'll start dripping off."
"I did a Nepeta cosplay with this. It worked really well! I was a bit surprised. I needed more than I thought, but it still worked really well! :33"
My daughter needed to be stone gray for a Weeping Angel costume. This was perfect.  A bit of trial and error on application process. Make sure it stays very wet For besdt look.
"Bought for Homestuck cosplay, works surprisingly well. Didn't know when I got it that it was water based, meaning I would need to add water, so the first wear was difficult. Though honestly, this is a way cheaper and easier option as opposed to Ben Nye. You will need to do a couple of layer of it to get the coverage you want, then seal it with some transparent powder or baby powder, and a good make up seal. Trust me, please seal your make up."
"phnomnal. I was constantly second guessing myself when buying this product and worrying if it'd be to little for the coverage I needed. However, with such a little amount needed for application; I was impressed and very pleased."
"Hey Homestucks! HEY!! You found THE MOST AMAZING paint for trolls ever. The color is perfect and if you set it correctly, it isn't going ANYWHERE until you wash it off."
"Perfect for Gamzee face makeup!
Tip: id use a brush and not TOO much water"
Snazaroo always has vibrant colors and applies easily!
"Got this for a KOTR cosplay and it's AMAZING! I was originally sent the wrong color, but they exchanged it for free and I recieved the replacement 3 days after I emailed them! I was worried at first, because it was supposed to go on top of another color that I realized too late was oil based, and with Snazaroo being water based I was afraid that they wouldn't mesh well together, but it worked perfectly! Super easy to put on (and I was painting on a pretty complicated design) and once I set it all with powder it didn't budge all day! The color was great too, I didn't even have to apply multiple coats like I thought I would. Seriously, this stuff is amazing for a long day of cosplaying."
Definitely was easy to put and take off! Would defiantly recommend this to someone!
"The paint came unglued from the containers for both the light grey and dark grey that I bought. Nice coverage though. The less water on the brush, the thicker the paint will be and will cover your skin better. Also, the lids are weird so make sure you have the right angle in order for them to be able to shut smoothly"
True to color and covered well. Lasts for longer than other face paint I have used- doesn't smug easily.
great
"Snazaroo is great, I use it for my Homestuck cosplays. The problem is you need sponges to use it, and I didn't have that. You need to use water in order to apply it, but the problem is, water also removes it so its blotchy when you put it on, because some of the paint rinses off when you put on another coat. Thats the only reason I had 4 instead of 5 stars. But this is a great product, and the safest paint you can buy on the market."
Awesome! Shipped really fast!
"I have ordered this many times and got the right color I wanted but this last time I got white instead of light grey. I can still use the white luckily, so I don't need to return it. The only problem was is that I really needed light grey. Anyways it goes on good with a sponge and comes off good with wipes. It also smells a bit like bread."
I didn't realize it was a refill so the container isn't great. It's also very thin and takes a lot for a good application.
nice and light weight
Great product!
Applied pretty well and lasted for hours. Used for Nightcrawler cosplay.
great item- fast shipping- thank you
Went threw a lot of this paint for Halloween and didn't really smear off
Lasts ages - great for Homestuck cosplays.
"Worked well, no rash, easy to apply."
This worked great for the Super Bowl.  Go Seahawks!
Perfect for my Princess Mononoke costume! Went on very evenly and had great saturation!
I was very pleased at how fast it came and how well this worked
Great for homestuck cosplays!
great Paint
"Used this face paint on my daughter for her role as the Wicked Witch in the Wizard of Oz. Perfect color for the witch, stayed on very well."
It works so well on my skin
"This is a6s9lutely perfect f9r th9se 9f humankind (tw f9r Cr9nus) n9t 9nly d9es the gray w9rk well, 6ut the 6right yell9w is perfect f9r Trickster! versions 9f us tr9lls, plus the delivery service is very g99d as well. #paint #c9splay #perfect"
It is so lovely. I love painting myself grey for pretty much no reason at all. This is my favorite grey paint to use. Would suggest. Please buy this and paint yourself grey.
Smooth application and very good bright red color. Washed off easily with soap and water. My teenage son used for a field day at school and it lasted all day without any skin side effects.
"Snazaroo in general isn't a very good product if you're planning on wearing it for more than 30 minutes, if even that. The ""easy on, easy off"" description is definitely a good description. I've been experimenting with this stuff for over a year, and I have yet to find some way of sealing that works well. I won't even bother to put what it's like unsealed because 1: it's horrible and 2: SEAL YOUR FRICKIN' PAINT. I've tried baby powder, seal spray, and hairspray in every combination, and none of them work. The liquid sealants barely do anything, and the baby powder makes it flake and come off even easier.
If you're a beginner, it's a great way to start in that it's a cheap way to learn to properly apply and make it look non-streaky (for a few minutes until it starts coming off). Or, if you're not a Homestuck who's just looking for something to do not full face paint with, it would work nicely. But as for people who already know how to put on paint, definitely invest in either Ben Nye (in grey and white, blend the two half and half and use the extras of each for countouring and highlights) or a Mehron Creamblend Color Stick (in light gray). The Mehron works wonderfully and it's the same price as Snaz if you know where to get it. Ben Nye takes a LOT less to do your entire face, and stays on even better than Mehron. I don't reccomend using it for hands/arms/neck/etc either, as it comes off even easier.
So, if you're a beginner who's trying to learn, just planning to do small designs, or are okay with doing touch ups every 10 minutes (no exaggeration), go ahead and get it! If not, as I said before, the Mehron Creamblend Color Stick works a lot better for the same price (and I think in a larger amount)."
"I'm allergic to 90% of costume makeup. This stuff is so sensitive and dries matte, also a little goes a long way!"
"Great bright color. Used if for a full face on my kiddo on Halloween. Went on easy, added a little water and painted it on with a foundation brush. Then I used a setting powder. It lasted all night. No smearing. Came off with makeup remover. My son had no reaction on his sensitive skin."
Lovely
"this was great for my troll cosplay, I just wish it didn't wipe off so easy, but what ever :P"
"This is going to last a long time, and is easily sealed with hairspray. It's the perfect shade of gray for my Karkat and Kankri!"
"Very simple and compact, it is an easy face paint to take on trips and to pack for events. Itis very easy to work with and smooth to apply."
Used it to be Shrek.  Could have worked for Hulk too.  Worked great.  Got plenty of compliments.
"this is to good
using for my Kankri cosplay blends very well with the skin"
"I just have to say, this was amazing. It worked for three day period for me, since I went to a convention as Kankri Vantas and my friend as Nepeta Leijon, I had to do my face, partially my neck and my hands. The rest was covered. There are ways of putting it on that were super easy for me. And it didn't cake either! What I did was I put my base powder on first, then my makeup, let it dry, then put on more powder. People were touching my face guys. I had to whistle at them to get them off. It was so soft, it felt like a baby's face!

At first the color will look a bit dark, but adding a thinner layer mixed with a bit of water helps too!"
Snazaroo is great. The color is opaque depending on the water to paint ratio. You'll get more watery results if you add too much water to your brush or container. This will last you as long as maybe forever depending on how much you apply makeup. If you're someone who does makeup often with lots of black this will do you good for a month or two. If you apply makeup often with bits of black this should last you a long time. Maybe even a year. A little bit of water and some of this paint will do you good for a few strokes.
"This was used for a Maleficent costume.  It went on nicely, and didn't crack or smear.  It was easy to wash off as well."
I don't usually write reviews but holy crap! This stuff is amazing! If you can't afford Ben nye this is SERIOUSLY the best alternative! Once you figure out how to use it you're GOLDEN! I'm using it for my Nepeta Leijon cosplay and this is purrfect! :33< *ac enjoys this paint very much*
Omg I love it so much
"This stuff is great! I bought it to use for my homestuck cosplay, and it works really well. I recommend sealing it with baby powder and Ben Nye Final Seal. (When I do this, the makeup doesn't come off even if I try to rub it off!) It spreads out evenly if you use the right technique, and I think this is perfect for cosplaying any homestuck trolls. The color might show up looking a little blue in certain pictures, but I can guarantee it's the perfect shade of light grey."
"Works great, don't use too much water and might take a few layers. Remember to seal with a light dusting of sealer, corn starch, or baby powder, then top it off with a spray of liquid seal or hair spray. Perfect grey for Homestuck cosplays, though can appear slightly blue tinted."
This stuff is great~! Perfect for Homestuck cosplay if your doing a troll. And it will last you so long~!
"This stuff is amazing! I will be painting my body every Halloween from here on out....with this brand. Me and my girlfriends painted our bodies from the breast up to be witches. The color is impressive and for 3 people, we hardly put a dent in the supply. You need to get a base coat down but after the second coat and some touchups here and there, it was awesome. We went bar hopping downtown and got so many compliments. There wasn't much wear on the inner elbows, armpits, hands or face. We never had to touch up.  When we got home we didn't even try to remove it, we just passed out. Girlfriend had red sheets and we both woke up without a mark on the sheets! (besides a green drool spot on my pillow...) We were amazed. And all it took to remove was a hot shower, soap and a washcloth. I did have a little green skin around my fingernails for a few days, but that's is."
The shipping was extremely fast . Was supposed to arrive jan 6 arrived Jan 3rd . it's great for what i need it. The only problem is that there's cracking all around the edges of the facepaint
"This stuff is great for Homestuck troll cosplays, however I would not recommend applying it to your arms (make arm socks instead, this product is not good for arm painting) or applying it with a makeup sponge. It is better to use a concealer brush and have lots of water available when applying."
"Very good, for a water based paint; it lasts all day!"
"I have the grey color of Snazaroo which was beautiful and I loved it even more then my over priced Ben Nye. So I ended up choosing this brand over the latter. That was a HUGE mistake!

This is inconsistent no matter WHAT I did. No lotion on my face, lotion on my face, applied with different sponges, brushes, foundations, primers. Nothing would make this thing not look like crap. To put it simply, don't get this if you need it on a large scale. I was covering my face, ears and neck and everything was cracking and peeling no matter the Technic I used. It was so odd because the grey went on so effortlessly and never cracked on my skin or flake off.

I'm going to try and return this, hopefully get some money back but I doubt it. Sad this didn't work, Im gonna have to rush to  Valley Village to get better make up for my Cosplay."
"I bought this for my Marceline cosplay, as well as my Sollux  and Gamzee cosplay and it was amazing. It was just what I needed."
"Homestuck cosplayers: this works well, but comes off easily. Remember to seal your paint! (also: dab, don't rub, and be sure to apply with water)"
Not that great for cosplay. I have tried a few different tricks but its never even and it is always streaky. ;-; if your just playing it will work fine.
"Great for my costume and stay on pretty well,  comes off real easy so touching your face with anything will be orange."
"This stuff worked great for my demon costume, and was a great deal.
You do have to be careful as it will come off on things or people. Soap & water took it off, though I missed some on my neck for a few days. Also there is still a red stain in my tub, not sure what to use to remove it."
"So, I bought this and i painted myself as almost every Homestuck troll and its barely even gone!"
"This product is amazing for Homestuck cosplay! It's simple to use, it's a nice grey, though it may take two or three layers for it to be perfect, but other than that, it's great! I bought this for my Feferi cosplay and so far I've had no difficulty with it! Just add a bit of water or else it'll be too watery. Of course, use some kind of sealer so it doesn't rub off on everything! I personally like Ben Nye's products. Can be applied with hands or a brush, your choice! This product is a bit darker than the picture, of course, but it's still a very good grey and I recommend it for any fellow troll cosplayers! It's lovely and got here quick! So when I run out, I'm going right back to this brand!"
"Arrived later than expected and not in time for the con I was going to, thick texture with thin, sheer quality. Not at all what I was expecting."
The white was a bit thicker than colors. Harder to spread.
loved it
Excellent product!  Easy on...was off!
Color is prefect.. It's a hitter pink then what I thought j was getting but it looks great on light and dark skin tones.
Perfect! Stays on long all day as well!
Covers all skintones effectively.
Used it for being the HULK at Halloween.  It worked great.  Still have plenty left for future use.  Didn't run and didn't get over everything.  Used damp make up sponge to apply all over body.
"The face paint worked great, just added a little water and smeared it around with the face paint brush. I used a makeup setting spray and the face paint did not smear at all.

When I finally opened this to use it, I noticed it had a brush stroke through it, and it was missing the protective plastic cover that covers a new paint cake (compared to another color of the same type I purchased from the same company). The plastic packaging was also craftily taped to the cardboard backing. So, it's gross that someone used this, returned it, then they re-sold it, but I needed it that day so I just wiped the first layer off.

Anyway, the product is great -- just check for signs of prior use."
Used this for my joker cosplay at comic con and it turned out perfect.
"I bought this for my Marceline the Vampire Queen costume and it was perfect!! Complete coverage, I looked mathematical."
works great
"Amazing face paint.  My adult son was a scary clown at an outdoor event.  I paired it with the Mehron setting powder and even though it was drizzling, it stayed on perfectly all night.  The down side was it took forever to get off.  That aside, it is a great product!"
"Shipped very quick,  within a couple of days for Halloween. This face paint stayed put for hours on a 10 year old during trick or treating and a party. It covered completely opaque and smooth for a Ned Flanders costume. Perfect, great stuff!"
Great face paint because it's so easy to clean off with baby wipes
can be applied with damp sponge or even a damp (lightly damp) brush.  very easy to clean
"So the snazaroo face paint is pretty durable. Needed to coat 4 times for it to cover some spots of my face. But that isn't much of a problem. The color looks blue at first but after it dries it turns grey. So no problem there.

Delivery was pretty fast so an overall 5/5. Using it for homestuck cosplay. Yet I didn't have a wig so I just plopped it on as a test result. Hope this helps"
"Awesome stuff. I bought it on halloween for my Moche Warrior costume and I couldn't believe how easy it was.

I also applied it around my eyes and nothing bad happened... It just feels stiff because of the paint.but no irritation nor allergies or anything.

It's also super washable. This was a fun purchase and I still have tons of it since I only needed a little bit."
"(') I am new to using Snazaroo, and the only thing I can say about this product is wow! I painted all of my face, my ears, all of my neck and chest and my hands. (I wore light grey sleeves) this is very good for Homestuck cosplay; very easy to use, I'm a beginner so I would know. But people need to remember, it is water based, so you will need some to help apply it to yourself or else it won't turn out well and you'll be unsatisfied. Happy cosplaying!"
Never tried this before but it worked well.
Works like a charm for scary clown makeup
"I know this is a good product because I've gotten it before, but this particular one was all dried up and pretty unusable. Looked old! :("
"This stuff may be good for painting small things on a kid's face but if you want any coverage, try Mehron Paradise or Ben Nye. Also, this is shimmery, which they should put in the description."
"Bought this for Marceline the Vampire Queen from Adventure time cosplay; since i had never used this product before I purchased two, but i only needed one! I painted my face, chest, shoulders, and back with just one and it didn't even make a hole in the well. Since it is water based, it's alot easier to pack on the skin BUT its also alot easier to wash off(becareful with rain or sweat!) But i loved it, if you're looking for body paint for cosplay, I would recommened with this brand."
Great
"I purchased the Turquoise because my daughter was Rainbow Dash for Halloween.  I also purchased the 8 colour Snazaroo Face Paint Palette.  The turquoise colour matched the costume well.

I have used Snazaroo face paint since 2013 and have never had a problem.  My daughter has extremely sensitive skin but she has never had any reaction to any of the colours.  I would recommend this face paint to anyone."
This worked great.  I had no issues getting this off of my skin and had no staining at all.
I have been using snazaroo for a while now and I can honestly say I don't think I'll be switching anytime soon. I cosplay characters from Homestuck and this paint is perfect. It goes on smoothly and looks beautiful!
"This review is solely for the pale pink snazaroo.

I purchased this paint to wear for a halloween costume (Princess Bubblegum) only to realize after a makeup test that the paint had DYED my face pink. Removing the color was difficult and involved a lot of substances I wouldn't normally use on my face.

Snazaroo's website will tell you that all of their paints are easily removed with soap and water, but this is clearly not the case for the light pink face paint. For my second try, I used a white base coat to protect my skin, which mostly worked! I would recommend that tactic if you still plan to buy this paint."
"Only did 4 instead of five because it has a tinge of a light blue hue in it. Otherwise it went on smoothly and barely smudged all night. Definitely use more than one coat when applying. I didn't need a fancy brush or sponge to apply, just common sense with the amount of water you mix with it. If you're having issues with a smooth finish, you might try exfoliating first."
was not able to use it for what i needed but the application of this is so much better that what i use to use and as if there is nothing there.
Worked out well!
"Best I've used
Used it on several people with great results"
"This was the worst face paint I have ever used. It was very thick,pretty much like shoe polish. It's also really greasy feeling on the skin, and made me break out. It was impossible to apply and dries before you can even blend it.  In fact by the next day the disk was completely dried out (even though I put the lid on it) and I couldn't even get a second use out of it. All in all not a good product. If you're looking for a good face paint brand try manic panic"
"Some ppl say it looks blue, but it doesnt. its grey, an it perfectly serves the purpose of troll cosplay. yes, it is a LITTLE bit of a ""cooler"" grey, but it is fine. it is GREY"
"Love these face paints. I use them every year for Halloween, the best time of year ;)."
"I returned this item.  The item was good, but broke open in shipping, so please be careful when ordering with other things."
"I bought this for my Halloween makeup. Based on the reviews I thought this would a splendid idea to buy. It was easy then not so easy to apply this to my face. I had to use a paintbrush though I realized that I actually wanted the face paint to be more liquid dark smooth then this. However, it got the job done and lasted a while though taking it off made my whole face black since I used a lot. It last for a couple hours so all it all it was great."
"Wonderful to work with! A little bit goes a long, long way~!!!!!"
"Worked well, stayed on my face all night"
"Top notch quality, as usual. It's a rich black, and doesn't bother my sensitive skin. Personally, I use Mehron mixing fluid rather than water, which makes it last quite a bit longer."
The color was absolutely perfet for my daughter's Marceline costume. My daughter had so many compliments. Great product. Easy to apply.
"Did the job, for Halloween. I found you have to wet the make up to get it going.  But once we got some water and a sponge our creation came alive just in time for Halloween"
"This is awesome. put some water on a sponge, rub around and pat on skin. Layer to increase color. Rubs off a bit but NOT sicky or like grease paint, its very dry, i wore all day and night and stayed on really well. Excellent."
Works great!
What I was looking for
Made me one handsome devil for halloween!
Nice color!
"A little goes a LONG way! This product is great. Make sure you understand that this is WATER activated makeup - you will need a small spray bottle to put it on! But once on, it's awesome, really stayed on all night. Note - it does go on better with a makeup brush as opposed to a sponge. Much more even application."
"I was super impressed with the quality, its super easy to apply. The only issue I had was when I applied it I had to use more of it than any other color to cover up my skin and the brush strokes were showing but this is easily fixed with the right tool. Highly recommended."
"really hard to apply, need a lot to make it not transparent"
"Was great as MSU green:) went on great, came off great."
"The only reason I didn't give this five stars is because the color is a bit misleading. I bought this for my boyfriend for his Halloween costume (Michael from Underworld) and when I applied it, it was a light grayish blue...mostly blue. I was hoping for a darker gray the way the picture portrays. Overall, though, it seems to be a very good quality face paint and washes off easily when you're done."
Perfect color for Homestuck cosplay
WONDERFUL IT LASTED ALL NIGHT LONG!!! Easily Applicable! & The best Part was ZERO Breakouts!!
Perfectly yellow.
"Paint arrived in good quantity but in very poor quality. It was more blue than grey, and began to fall apart 4 hours after a hearty amount of application. I'll definitely be sticking to Ben Nye and Mehron paints in the future."
It lasted me all day (from 7 am to 9pm) with no issues. It was perfect for my clown costume on Halloween.
"Perfect so long as you follow the instructions.

Also, recommend a primer as this stuff really gets in there."
Use a paint brush and sealer! It looked awesome.
"After a few YouTube tutorials, I used this to make myself into a Calavera, with decent results.  The face paint worked wonderfully, any problems with the job were user error :-)"
"I was Dark Link for Halloween and this product provided great coverage, was easy to apply, and fairly simple to remove.  I have very sensitive skin and I did not break out, even though I wore the make-up for several hours.  I have plenty of product left and could be Dark Link several more times before the product ran out.  I would definitely purchase from them again."
Well it sort of looks like blue-ish when you apply first to the skin but once you let it dry It becomes grey its amazing for troll cosplay!
"Works well, seems to have decent staying power if you allow it to dry thoroughly before touching."
"This paint is awesome.
(I used it for a paint mask for a Harley Quinn costume)
If you layer it, it'll make a great coat and it'll last as long as you really...don't sweat or have any type of water on you.
Like it is hardcore water based paint, if water touches it it's going to slip & slide.
You can use a primer and a black eyeshadow to set it a bit more, but it'll still slip & slide, either way it last me a long time,
And was an awesome Halloween.
Would totally recommend this.
Happy face painting!"
Awful awful awful! The dollar tubes at target were better at covering and applying.
"We ordered light gray, but it had much more of a blue tint to it than we had expected."
"Expensive, but this is the premier face paint product.  I bought the large sizes of black and white and I have used them many times.  Easy to remove, but good intense color."
"Absolutely terrible. I purchased this locally from a craft supply store with the hope of using it as the base for a Dia del Muerto costume. Big mistake as it was so frustratingly difficult to apply that I gave-up and bought a different product from a local Halloween supply store. This ""paint"" doesn't apply evenly, nor does it provide solid coverage. It's more sheer-like, even when layered several times. Yuck. At least it washes off with almost no effort."
"Used for wicked witch and everyone stated it was the best makeup they had seen.  I did put a base coat of my regular foundation as I wasn't sure how it well it would come off when I washed my face.  I used a damp sponge and it went on smooth and great cover.  Let it sit for about a minute then did a light powder foundation finish.  It didn't rub off, if I scratched or had a bit of sweat it did come off slightly on my hand.  it removed easily with makeup remover wipes.  It did take more than with regular makeup, but at least it came off and I didn't have a green hint the next day"
Works very well.  Happy with order.
Best face paint to use if you have sensitive skin.
Covers GREAT!!
Good as always for Homestuck cosplay. Cosplayers: SEAL THIS MAKEUP WITH A SEALER. POWDER AND SPRAY. IT WILL RUB OFF WHICH MAKES IT LOOK LIKE TRASH.
"I used the light grey shade to transform myself into Marceline from Adventure Time for Halloween. It was the perfect shade. It is a water based paint so you have to wet it and apply it quickly to get the blending you want so keep that in mind. The great thing is you can mist your face or body or re wet the paint brush and the paint becomes wet again for blending. Very easy to work with and dries well. Used setting powder on top to make sure it didn't smudge and it lasted all night. Was easy to wash off. All I used was my usual Olay Face Wipes. Also a little goes a long way. I barely put a dent in it and I used it on my face, ears, chest and hands. Looks as though it is still brand new. Worth every penny. Especially those into Halloween, cosplay, special fx makeup and theater.

For some reason I am not able to add a photo to my review so if you would like to see them you can on my website http://artworkbylivingdeadgirlnicole.wordpress.com/2014/10/25/skinned-living-dead-girl-nicole-transforms-into-marceline-the-vampire-queen/."
"It is SOOO hard to find a large pallet of green makeup! I found this from a youtube tutorial and ordered it online. It looks great, its VERY easy to use and seems to have a great shelf life. I also have sensitive skin so that is always a concern but this is smooth, light and airy on your skin. No problems at all! I only wish it shipped a little faster but that's shipping not the product or company."
Beautiful! Is the color as posted and of professional quality. I will definitely buy from Snazaroo again.
Perfect face paint!  Looking to buy more!
"Got here faster than expected! When people say this goes a long way, they mean it. I haven't used it for what I got it for yet and I already applied it all over my face to try it and it doesn't even look like the container has been touched. I was very happy with this! And the color was perfect for an Oompa Loompa!!"
Looked great I had the best costume at the party easy on and easy off.
"Easier to use, and cleanup, than expected. A little dab covered neck and most of face, for Grunkle Stan."
Love it.
Great face paint!!! Fast shipping
"If you do not want to order this specific color as an ""add on item"" then I highly suggest you order from usartsupply.com. the only advantage amazon has over this is the 2 day shipping which is so convenient when you need something by a specific date.

Now onto using this product to give yourself lovely troll skin:
It is a blue-grey so I recommend using this to cosplay normal Kanaya, Terezi, Vriska (who I'm using this for), and Equius
You will also need Ben Nye Neutral Translucent setting powder and Ben Nye final seal. This stuff won't hold on it's own."
Arrived on time and in good condition and apparently was just what my dtr wanted.  Good value.
"My daughter used this body paint for a cosplay and it works well. After a few hours, you may need to re-apply to the face. Eating lunch with the paint on one's face causes it to rub off a bit."
"My daughter uses this on her arms, ears, neck, and face for COSPLAY events. Easy to use, easy to wash off!"
Wow I've cosplayed quite a few trolls and this is my go to paint for honestuck cosplay. It's very easy apply an is the perfect color for the trolls. While you may hear that it looks blue it is because your eyes are adjusting to the color and adding a bit of eyeshadow of your characters blood color as blush has always done the trick and makes it look way more real realistic. To seal it I've always used baby powder and then hairspray. If you want to see an example of how it turned out I'm sburbbeta on Instagram
This is a reorder and that speaks volumes! Great coverage and goes on very well! Goes a long way!
Exactly what I wanted. Took a little while to get here but that is due to my location
"It was a good color, and went on evenly. However, the disc of facepaint kept falling out of the container, and was messy to put back in."
I love snazaroo face paints. They may cost a bit more than others but you truly get what you pay for!
"Does not crack, look at some tutorials on you tube on application."
Loved it! worked perfectly for my Karkat!
Awesome
"Loved it, spread easily, washed off almost immediately, could hardly feel it on.  I saw some comments suggesting sealing it with baby powder, which I didn't try the one time I've worn it so far, so it does rub off pretty easily if you touch it with something,  I kept resting my face on my hands, which would rub off."
Works for me
"I am saving this makeup for Halloween, but I tried a little bit and liked the color. I also tried rubbing it off pretty hard with my hand, and the paint managed to stay in place. Comes off easily with soap and water. Shipping was fast, but I thought the shipping cost was a little high. Overall happy."
My daughter loves this paint. It goes on nice and isn't faded when on the skin. Very good quality face paint.
"This is good. Didn't irritate my skin, comes right off with water (which can be good or bad) and is the perfect shade of gray for homestuck cosplay. Be careful in the rain and pls seal your paint kids"
Great quality. Very impressed. It is a little hard to put on but it's very easy to take off! Beautiful color!!
Good
Always my first choice in buying face paints! They're quality ---color is fantastic and this size lasts a long time
"Okay, so I'm biracial, and with this, I'm very dark. With my dark complexion, I've never really been able to cosplay, as all the characters I love are white. But I got an idea after purchasing the gray snazaroo, because it covered me completely. So I got the skin color shade to test if it would work again. Now I'm happy to say I will be able to cosplay both Nepeta Leijon AND Rose Lalonde without having my ethnicity getting in the way! But I will say this. If using any color, it needs to be paired with another makeup as well, otherwise it is a tad splotchy. Otherwise, perfect! And super cheap for the results I got!"
"Loved it!!!...so much!! It was perfect for my homestuck Vriska cosplay. The only thing is, it has a tint of blue in it. But I didn't mind, since I was Vriska. It doesnt run out. I bought it a while ago and i had enough to paint my face and arms, and my friends...AND I DIdnt even put a dent in it! so cool."
"Good for homestuck cosplay, remember, always seal your paint with either hairspray or make up sealer"
"This shade of grey is absolutely perfect! I could never find this light shade before i checked out snazaroo. It barely ever smudges if it isn't sealed, and almost never if sealed with baby powder! It doesn't clog my pores, and it's so easy to clean up since it's water based. Just one container of this has lasted me for over a year!"
worked great for my daughter's costume
"A little goes a loooong way. The Best ever, I love Snazaroo products . It arrived in record timing ; fulfilled by Amazon ."
Works very well. I applied it using a baby wipe because a little moisture helped smooth it on.
"good ""white"""
Quality solid black
"The paint is nice and opaque and lasts pretty long (even without seal, ive tested it on my arm beforehand). You do get your moneys worth as it holds a lot of paint . My only concerns are it kinda looks a bit blue under some lights and it smells a bit bad but unless someone is closely sniffing your face or something, i don't think its a problem though because all facepaints have that sorta smell."
"Used for a Wicked Witch costume and it has very good coverage and the perfect shade of green. I was worried that it would stain my skin, but it did come completely off at the end of the day."
"This was really good, it worked great for the cosplay I am doing."
"I bought this for my Nepeta (from Homestuck) costume for Anime Boston and it worked great!

If you use a makeup sponge and seal it with a little baby powder, it stays on quite well. It does go on pretty thin, so there's no caking and cracking when it dries but you may need to blot it on more than once to get a decent color.

I have rather sensitive skin and this didn't irritate it at all; it's a much better option for face/body paint than oil based types if you're concerned about breakouts. Additionally, 3 days at the convention barely made a dent in my supply. This stuff will last you a while!"
"Very good for homestuck costumes! Took a bit to figure out how to use it, but once you do, it's perfect! (water on the finger tip, directly on the makeup, on a sponge, then on your face.) MUST SEAL!"
"We have a summer movie series at our college.  We show movies free to the public at our amphitheater.  The show was Spider-Man II and the free face painting of Spider-Man masks and all things spider was a real treat to the kids.  Great product, even to novice face painters.  Just fill a spray bottle with water and spritz the paint between kids to keep it workable.  It dries fast and looks awesome!"
"Its not grey its light grey, i wanted to cosplay marciline the vamp. From adventure time and she's dark grey, in the cosplay world the color of this body paint is more zombie than vampire"
"I love Snazaroo products, huge Fan; so glad that Amazon is so diverse. It's a blessing."
"Good price for this size, using for a dress up party,"
"Good color. Didn't cover skin as well as I was hoping, but what can ya do when you've never played with the stuff before. I used it to paint my skin for my Marceline the Vampire Queen costume this past halloween."
"This face paint works SO well, lasts forever and is a great orange color. I use this to paint stars on my face for my sports team during home games. I've used it all season this year and it looks brand new still. The color is very opaque when it goes on and is smooth. You don't need much water, and it dries up so that whatever water was left on the container isn't an issue.

I have zero complaints and would highly recommend this! I could probably use it to completely cover my face every game and STILL have plenty leftover at the end of the season (25+ games)."
"Super fast shipping, nicely packaged.  This is dry - needs water to apply.  It worked perfect as a full coverage black face and body paint for our team of ninjas.  It also worked with a fine brush to paint dark lines on skin.  It washes off easily with water but lasted decently through sweating.  No allergic rashes from this."
Arrived promptly.  Very happy with purchase.  Many thanks!
"Perfect for any troll from Homestuck, love it!"
"Good color and stayed on for a long time, but the case was cracked and the lid didn't stay on."
"Very good quality paint, easy to apply and stay on pretty well. The, is very even and it's  able to cover the original skin color."
"My son bought this as part of a Sullox costume. I'm not really sure what the character is despite his best efforts to explain it to me. However, he used the face paint to cover his face and arms. I was worried it would smear all over everything, but it didn't seem to. He was very pleased with his costume, so I feel like this product did what was expected. We have used this brand of face paint before for zombie costumes, so I would buy it again for future costumes."
"Nice item, it's what we were looking for and it's great."
i absolutely love snazaroo . its my favorite body paint hands down . ive even sent some to my friend who has a con coming up and a little bit goes a long way . this paired up with ben nye final seal is the best homestuck troll makeup duo
"I used the blue, gray, and white paints. All are not the best and must be powdered and sealed with some kind of setting spray. It's pretty average and it is light so you have to paint it on in layers which is time consuming."
"this stuff is the best!! a friend ordered me some for my Vriska cosplay and it's absolutely wonderful! you'll need to use water when applying it, don't use a sponge use a brush, and it literally wipes off with water and soap!"
"It says that it is ""Light grey"" When in reality it is dark. I wasted my money here."
"It's ok I used this for a Gamzee Makara cosplay and it cracked and fell off and when I tried to re apply it more fell off!
I suggest mor professional stuff and not this which was ment for children try the Snazaroo water color"
Great makeup! It washes off somewhat easy and doesn't break my face out :D
"Not very good for what I was doing but I am sure it would be great for more professional type people, or larger art works."
Great for cosplay!
"My son loves face paint, so I bought this because just about every design requires a nice thick white coating or lines somewhere in the design.  Unfortunately, there is no way a little kid is going to sit still long enough to apply multiple layers of white, and even when I just did one quick layer, it smeared off onto his clothes (or my clothes!) as he ran around.
I finally did some research and discovered Wolfe face paint - it's the brand generally used by professional face painters and it quickly spreads a nice thick white that doesn't smudge.  Snazaroo is a nice, inexpensive brand and easy to apply, but for white, I suggest splurging on Wolfe."
"I ordered the white but guess what color I didn't get? White. I ended up with a green, but to my luck I needed that color as well (for a Calliope cosplay from Homestuck). It's great quality and I will forever stick with Snazaroo as my paint source, but make sure Amazon gets your order right first!"
I have been using a single pack of this for about a year now and it has yet to run out! I cosplay the Homestuck trolls frequently and it is very durable (as long as you use sealer *cough cough*). Easy to put makeup on top of and easy to apply if you have to right kind of sponge or tool! Definitely would recommend over any other type of paint.
My daughter loves this paint. Wish they made it in a gallon size.
My daughter loves this paint. Wish they made it in a gallon size.
"These are nice colors, bright, and MUCH larger container than anticipated.  Wash off well but the colors are bright.  Have NOT used enough to find out whether my skin will break out but they are really large containers of bright color for the money."
"These are nice colors, bright, and MUCH larger container than anticipated.  Wash off well but the colors are bright.  Have NOT used enough to find out whether my skin will break out but they are really large containers of bright color for the money."
"These are nice colors, bright, and MUCH larger container than anticipated.  Wash off well but the colors are bright.  Have NOT used enough to find out whether my skin will break out but they are really large containers of bright color for the money."
"These are nice colors, bright, and MUCH larger container than anticipated.  Wash off well but the colors are bright.  Have NOT used enough to find out whether my skin will break out but they are really large containers of bright color for the money."
"These are nice colors, bright, and MUCH larger container than anticipated.  Wash off well but the colors are bright.  Have NOT used enough to find out whether my skin will break out but they are really large containers of bright color for the money."
My friends use it and said it was good so I got it and I'm still new to know how to use cosplay makeup but other than that its awesome
This works great for softball and face painting.  The best part is it washes off easily.
"This stuff is absolutely HORRIBLE! It cracks, it feels terrible on your skin, and it gets EVERYWHERE!! I just..hate it.."
"EB: wow! this stuffs really cool. now i can be like the trolls. (hehehe.)

haha. great product! arrived a week after ordering, can't ask for anything better than that. but make sure you're home, I had to sign for my order."
I like to buy my face paints in this size. Good price for it.
This works great...I use it for eyeliner.
I like this paint a lot. Although will need to purchase barrier spray to keep paint on.
Even better than I expected. Definitely using this for my cosplay.
Way better than I expected. It spreads easily and covers a lot of skin.
it is good to play with and fun for face paint
"Turned our fingers and faces slightly yellowish/green after the performance; however, we really caked it on thickly for our frogs!  :)  Most washed off with multiple attempts of soap/water and/or wet wipes.  Frogs looked great!"
This is perfect for my girl's Cosplay. She loves it!
awesome
awesome
nice buy
Did its job. Good product
"I haven't used this yet, but it looks quite good."
Always great quality!
"very pleased with the ""turnaround"" of my order!!! It came in before projected and I was able to use for a face paint gig!!"
"I have only done a test with this on my arms and face and haven't worn it for more than 20 minutes, so I don't know how well it will stand up to a night out in costume; will amend my post if it doesn't perform well. Dampen sponge slightly and it will go on smoothly and evenly using short to medium strokes. Don't forget to use distilled water and start with a clean face to prevent contamination if it will go back into the drawer for a long period between use."
"Paint is very good, stays is your face must of the time and stays clear even in rainy days. The paint also felt ok in The face.. GOOD PRODUCT, recommended."
"Paint is very good, stays is your face must of the time and stays clear even in rainy days. The paint also felt ok in The face.. GOOD PRODUCT, recommended."
"Paint is very good, stays is your face must of the time and stays clear even in rainy days. The paint also felt ok in The face.. GOOD PRODUCT, recommended."
"Paint is very good, stays is must of the time cry clear even in rainy days. The paint Aldo felt ok in The face.. GOOD PRODUCT."
Turned out to be a yucky color and gets gooey in hot weather!
Great Product!! Thank You!
"I had never done face painted before, because I am an artist I often get asked to do things that people just assume I should naturally know how to do.  So I have had no experience with face paints.  These were easy to apply and created fantastic results!  My very first test of these paints was on my own face...I surprized myself (or was it Snazzaroo that surprized me?), Great Stuff!"
"I had never done face painted before, because I am an artist I often gey asked to do things that people just assume I should naturally know how to do.  So I have had no experience with face paints.  These were easy to apply and created fantastic results!  My very first test of these paints was on my own face...I surprized myself (or was it Snazzaroo that surprized me?), Great Stuff!"
"I got this stuff to use for my homestuck troll cosplays. First impression? AWFUL. I HATED it. But, for some unknown reason, I bought this four more times, every time thinking that I would finally learn how to apply it properly.  This is extremely difficult to apply I found.  I finally understand how to apply it, but I don't understand why most homestuck cosplayers enjoy this.  It's not that great of a product. It works, but I highly doubt this would ever be con worthy. I am going to end up purchasing ben nye cream when I can gather up the money to buy the stuff recommended for it. This does, however, work for pictures."
Works great. Need a few layers to get it good and white. Great for kid's faces.  Love to use it.
"The best part about it is that it was really really REALLY bright and vibrant. I didn't need to paint over a million times, and there wasn't much water needed to get it to active.
Plus it washed off easily."
"The color was AWESOME!!!! And what's better was that it's water based, so if anything got on my clothes it'll just wash right out!"
Not a professional face painter..but i like this snazaroo paints..they are very good quality .. Easy to take off..i would purchase again
I bought this for my pm cosplay. I  previously bought the grey for my karkat so I decided to stay with the brand. It just arrived in the mail so I decided to test it out and it definitely works as well as I had hoped.
This product is wonderful and long lasting. Its a small pot of body paint for a great price. Just add a bit of water to it and apply with a make-up sponge. I have used it for my Homestuck cosplay twice. I've painted my face with it three times and my hands as well and I still have 3/4s left
"I only use Snazaroo! Easy on, easy off, not greasy at all and no skin breakouts. The purple color was vibrant and worked perfectly!"
A little tricky to get it the right consistency but it worked great for their homestuck trolls color and they have ordered more.
"you can get this product in stores for about 5 bucks more, and i already know i love the product, it applies smooth and sets quickly compared to ben nye"
Everyone said this was the perfect colour to cosplay a Homestuck troll and they were right.  Goes on well and covers beautifully.
"The Snazaroo works great, don't get me wrong and it shipped on time, my complaint is how it came to me. There was no lid on the compact, the clear piece of plastic that covers the face paint was only half way on, and a piece of the blue compact itself was chipped off. The product also was buried at the very bottom of the box, right under the two stadium seats that I also ordered. So great product, but horrible shipping conduction, hopefully this won't happen to you but if it does, make sure you have a Ziploc bag handy to put it in."
"I bought this because I had a convention coming up, and I just didn't like the hassle of Ben Nye.

Ben Nye is great and all, that is, unless you're the one wearing it. I had worn it for Halloween as Eridan Ampora. I had to buy 4 containers of it for a whopping total of $40! We had to mix them together to get the right color even. It took HOURS to apply and ten more to make it stop smudging all over everything. We had compensated 2 hours for getting ready, and it just was not enough. When Halloween was over, we used 3/4 of everything we bought! Plus it made my face raw trying to scrub it off >.<
However, my friend bought Snazaroo. She looked flawless on Halloween. Plus, she was done getting ready before me-OR my friend-who both had Ben Nye. So I decided to try it the next time an event came up.

In March, I went to a convention. I wasn't sure how much I would need to use, so I got 3 containers of it, since it was fairly cheap here. It only took about an hour and a half to apply, including eyeshadow and sealant and everything! Overall, it was amazing! I'll definitely buy more when I run out!"
This paint goes on nicely and comes off without irritating skin.  There is ample product and it is worth the money.
This paint goes on nicely and comes off without irritating skin.  There is ample product and it is worth the money.
This paint goes on nicely and comes off without irritating skin.  There is ample product and it is worth the money.
"My friend had bought one container for two conventions (two days) for four applications, and it's still good (although there is only about 1/4 of the container left)! We did our:
Full arms (wrist to short sleeve): One time
Face/Ears/Neck: Four times
Hands: Four times
As a dedicated white Ben Nye user, I looked up the grey and it was just way too dark for my headcanon Homestuck trolls. For everything, we seal with Ben Nye face sealing powder and Ben Nye Final Seal, which works rather well, unless you intentionally rub it off. If you sweat a lot, you might get the occasional wet splotch, but it should be fine if you re-seal that spot."
"I bought Snazaroo Face Paint (2 in light grey, 1 in white and 1 in black) and no matter what I did, the makeup would cake and crumble before I could get even coverage. I used very little water as recommended (I also tried more and less in other attempts hoping to fix the issue) and nothing helped. I tried applying with high quality smooth makeup sponges, my fingers and a foundation brush as well, hoping one of those might help but nothing did. I was left with makeup that kept wanting to get crumbly and flake off, and even after setting it, trying to apply shading lightly with a powder was a nightmare. I see so many good reviews for this, which is why I tried it over all others, but honestly, it really let me down and I am frustrated that I chose to use Snazaroo. All I wanted was a body paint with good coverage, non shiny finish, and no caking/crumbling/flaking/cracking. I give it two stars, as by the 5th try I had an ok looking application, but not even an hour later it was getting crumbly still. It did come off pretty easy and didn't irritate my skin, so another plus there. I didn't apply it with a heavy hand, and used the recommended smooth upward strokes. Overall though I am disappointed. From faraway it still looked fine, but any close ups and all you could see was a crumbly textured mess on my face."
"I bought Snazaroo Face Paint (2 in light grey, 1 in white and 1 in black) and no matter what I did, the makeup would cake and crumble before I could get even coverage. I used very little water as recommended (I also tried more and less in other attempts hoping to fix the issue) and nothing helped. I tried applying with high quality smooth makeup sponges, my fingers and a foundation brush as well, hoping one of those might help but nothing did. I was left with makeup that kept wanting to get crumbly and flake off, and even after setting it, trying to apply shading lightly with a powder was a nightmare. I see so many good reviews for this, which is why I tried it over all others, but honestly, it really let me down and I am frustrated that I chose to use Snazaroo. All I wanted was a body paint with good coverage, non shiny finish, and no caking/crumbling/flaking/cracking. I give it two stars, as by the 5th try I had an ok looking application, but not even an hour later it was getting crumbly still. It did come off pretty easy and didn't irritate my skin, so another plus there. I didn't apply it with a heavy hand, and used the recommended smooth upward strokes. Overall though I am disappointed. From faraway it still looked fine, but any close ups and all you could see was a crumbly textured mess on my face."
"I bought Snazaroo Face Paint (2 in this grey, 1 in white and 1 in black) and no matter what I did, the makeup would cake and crumble before I could get even coverage. I used very little water as recommended (I also tried more and less in other attempts hoping to fix the issue) and nothing helped. I tried applying with high quality smooth makeup sponges, my fingers and a foundation brush as well, hoping one of those might help but nothing did. I was left with makeup that kept wanting to get crumbly and flake off, and even after setting it, trying to apply shading lightly with a powder was a nightmare. I see so many good reviews for this, which is why I tried it over all others, but honestly, it really let me down and I am frustrated that I chose to use Snazaroo. All I wanted was a body paint with good coverage, non shiny finish, and no caking/crumbling/flaking/cracking. I give it two stars, as by the 5th try I had an ok looking application, but not even an hour later it was getting crumbly still. It did come off pretty easy and didn't irritate my skin, so another plus there. I didn't apply it with a heavy hand, and used the recommended smooth upward strokes. Overall though I am disappointed. From faraway it still looked fine, but any close ups and all you could see was a crumbly textured mess on my face."
My daughter is into Cosplay and loves the Snazaroo face paint.  She has it in several colors.  Wears very well.
My daughter is into Cosplay and loves the Snazaroo face paint.  She has it in several colors.  Wears very well.
"I use this product for cosplay, and is of excellent quality. It being water-based means that it's easy to control how thick you want to apply it, and doesn't rub off once you use a sealer. This can be applied to skin other than the face with no problem, with either a paintbrush or just your hands."
"this was a big hit for my zombie event! along with several other colors! We have so much left, we will be able to use it for several other events!"
if you are a make up artist this is the way to go! We painted up about 20 zombies with several different colors I purchased. you can not even tell we used the paint yet! will last for so many occasions.
as long as you seal it anyways. it goes on very nicely and doesn't smudge that much even before sealing and it easily comes off with water :D also the grey-blue looks fine even if your trolls blood color isn't a mid-high blood or whatever its honestly not that noticable
I purchased white face paint and instead received green paint labeled as white. Highly inconveniencing--don't waste your time with a seller who won't even send you the correct product.
Snazaroo black face paint is great.  It is just as easy and quick as more expensive brands of face paint.  It has great coverage and dries quickly.  Face painters will enjoy using this product.
Snazaroo is a great face painting product.  It has great coverage and is just as easy to use as some paints that are much more expensive.  The colors are bright and blend well.
"got this for homestuck reasons like the other peeps lol.
PROS:
- very easy to wash off, no excessive and painful scrubbing
- a little goes a long way. don't have to apply tons to get non-see through consistancy on your skin
- very nice shade of grey.
- stays on nicely (on face)
- really easy to get off of clothes

CONS:
-if you get water on it it will come off immediately. sweat isn't a problem though.
-a little tricky trying to keep on the mouth area. sealing with eye shadow helps alot.
-not good for hands. will rub off pretty bad. although i heard there are ways to seal it better, i haven't tried them yet. i use armsocks."
"I'm starting to cosplay Vriska Serket a, the most written word in this review box thing, troll from, the only fandom that really reviews grey paints, Homestuck. You'd think I'd complain about how it's somewhat tinted blue, however, Vriska's blood color is blue so it goes well. I got it today, using Prime, and I decided to try it out and paint myself. I covered my whole face, hands, arm from elbow down, and part of my thigh. There was barely a dent! This stuff may last you ages if you use the right amount, not just caking it on. I went into the shower and it came right off!"
Worked wonders. Did not flake easily and painted on effortlessly with a paintbrush onto my model. She has very sensitive skin and did not react in the slightest. She said that it had a very lightweight feel to it and hardly felt like the nasty cheap face paint you can get in a local store. Three of these (different colors) covered a whole adult body and still had a ton left over in each one. Paint also came off very easily with water upon mistakes or desired removal. Very impressed overall and will definitely be buying more for body and face painting needs.
Worked wonders. Did not flake easily and painted on effortlessly with a paintbrush onto my model. She has very sensitive skin and did not react in the slightest. She said that it had a very lightweight feel to it and hardly felt like the nasty cheap face paint you can get in a local store. Three of these (different colors) covered a whole adult body and still had a ton left over in each one. Paint also came off very easily with water upon mistakes or desired removal. Very impressed overall and will definitely be buying more for body and face painting needs.
Worked wonders. Did not flake easily and painted on effortlessly with a paintbrush onto my model. She has very sensitive skin and did not react in the slightest. She said that it had a very lightweight feel to it and hardly felt like the nasty cheap face paint you can get in a local store. Three of these (different colors) covered a whole adult body and still had a ton left over in each one. Paint also came off very easily with water upon mistakes or desired removal. Very impressed overall and will definitely be buying more for body and face painting needs.
"Got this in prep for a World Cup party, the orange and red are very bright and not much needed to use to get the effect. The yellow is great too but a bit lighter. What I love is that it's a Paulette and not wet or greasy and the best part is, it's easy to remove and in staining! Especially with the red, I was concerned but nope, came off with a Burt's bees make up remover in one swipe!"
"worked create for an avatar costume. It dries quickly and doesn't smear. Only bummer is if it gets wet, the color runs. on the postive side, it comes off w/ soap and water w/o a big hassle. so much better than a cream face paint."
Works great for cosplay. Didn't irritate my sensitive skin. Comes off easy. Will buy again. Highly recommend it to Homestucks.
Works great for my Gamzee cosplay. Love it. Added a bit of water to the brush and the lines went away easier for me. Will buy again.
"I was super duper excited to receive this for some theatre and cosplay stuff I had planned, but I never received it in the mail. Really, the one star goes to UPS, but..."
"I didn't use this for a Homestuck cosplay as the many other reviewers here have, rather, I cosplayed Marceline from the popular show Adventure Time. As to the paint, I've used it 4 or 5 times so far and still have plenty of paint for future cosplay purposes. This stuff comes off with water which is nice for the end of the day washing it off, but burdensome throughout the day. If you're going all day in this paint for a convention, BRING A STRAW. I expected this, however, it IS a water-based paint. Expect to require several touch-ups through out the day, especially in areas more prone to swear like your face and neck.  It rubs off on everything as well, so be wary when you have it applied to your hands. As to it arriving, I believe it arrived on time, if not earlier than the expected date."
"When I first got my item it was not the same item as described, so they lost a star. But only a few hours after i contacted them that, they shipped out my new item and let me keep the wrong one. Great service, good product, i was overall pretty happy with my transaction."
I have been painting professionally for years and always use Snazaroo. Great product! Always use Snazaroo products. Love the metallic also
"I originally got this for my Homestuck troll cosplays but I honestly am disgusted with this. If I don't put it on quick enough it dries and cracks before I can seal it, and the only thing I have to seal it is baby powder. It does not stick to my hands or neck well, in fact it barely looks like I'm wearing any. I wet the paint before I used it, applied it with a sponge, sealed it with baby powder, and it looked like complete s***. I would not recommend this to anyone, Ben Nye would be 90x better."
"If you're looking for a good base to do black metal corpse paint, this is definitely what you want to use. Make sure you put a few drops of water on the paint otherwise it won't stick to your brush or your skin. I find that two coats is normally good enough, and then I use Snazaroo black to do the other features."
"It was dried out when I received it. It would barely go on my skin. Then when it did, I had a hard time removing it"
Perfect for costume or trick or treat.  Applied easily and washed off without to much effort.  Gets a A plus...
Perfect for costume or trick or treat.  Applied easily and washed off without to much effort.  Gets a A plus...
Perfect for costume or trick or treat.  Applied easily and washed off without to much effort.  Gets a A plus...
Perfect for costume or trick or treat.  Applied easily and washed off without to much effort.  Gets a A plus...
"This paint worked even better than I'd hoped for. It took a LONG time to put on, but any body paint does, so just know that going in. My advice for application is to dampen one end of a triangular sponge and wet the surface of the paint with it before using the other end to dab up and apply it. Too much water will make the paint already on your body run.

It took me two coats to get this as even as I wanted, but it looked great. I used setting powder on my face and Ben Nye setting spray on my neck and arms, and it stayed all day. It wasn't heavy or greasy, and didn't feel sticky or unpleasant. It didn't irritate my skin, either, and it washed right off.

Excellent body paint for cosplay."
"As the majority of reviewers have said, its perfect for Homestuck cosplay. I used it for Vriska (face, neck, and one arm) and it barely used any of it up. Adding a drop or two of water helps it go on smoother. I don't have any sealing spray, but I found that it stays on well even without it. I'd estimate that you get about 3-4 hours without a sealant before you need to reapply! I used to use Ben Nye, but I think Im going to have to switch to snazaroo."
"I purchased 3 of these for a Homestuck cosplay for my daughter and I. I wasn't sure about how much it would take, but I painted 2 kids(one practically full body for the signless) and myself and used not only half a tub. Its easy to use, covers well, and washes off easily and it travels well for things like touchups during the day. Its also easy to clean up after making a mess in the bathroom painting up kids ;)"
"I was a little put off at first that I would have to wet a sponge to use this vs it being ready to go out of the kit but I quickly changed my mind when I saw how smooth it goes on. This is not cakey, cracking Halloween makeup or even thick and streaky like stage makeup. This stuff can go on light or thick and it blends really well. It feels very light and doesn't leave a sticky thick feeling on the skin. I would definitely get this again, its worth tracking down a little tray of water to use."
Color is great for Marceline cosplay-- you can go with a light grey tint or apply more for a truer matte grey.
This is not the first Snazaroo face paint that I have purchased. My daughter loves this brand and recommend to all.
Wrong color was sent. came purple when I ordered black. I will order form another company since this seems to be a recurring problem. Now I have to rush to get a replacement in time for an event. Thanks a lot guys... pay more attention when you're packaging.
"glides on very well, stays on perfectly but still comes off with a nice shower. great color and it doesnt irritate my skin! wonderful! (great for homestuck cosplays yeeeea mannnn)"
"I bought this for Homestuck troll cosplay. Out of all of the reviews for troll paint, Snazaroo has the best color, in my opinion. Grimas is way too dark, Ben Nye is shiny, and Kryolan is expensive. For Snazaroo, I DO recommend putting on primer to fill in pores and lines; this is water-activated and thin and not glycerin like Kryolan.

Also, PLEASE BUY BEN NYE FINAL SEAL NO MATTER HOW EXPENSIVE /YOU NEED IT/! I bought mine off of Camera Ready Cosmetics (that's the cheapest I could find) and I don't have any complaints. For the sake of your clothes and everyone, please set this makeup.

I rated this four stars instead of five because I received the product damaged. I don't blame the seller because my mother is a mail lady and she sees how people handle packages."
"bought this for my granddaughter, who does cos-play.  she wore it all day at the con, and it stayed just perfect.  will be buying this again for her"
"this was a gift for my granddaughter,  who does cos-play.  this makeup stayed on all day for the con.  will be buying this again for her"
"This is great! It goes on a little thin, but once you've put on 2 layers and let it dry its perfect! I'd definitely recommend this to any Homestuck cosplayers or anyone looking for good quality grey face paint."
"Face paint needs to be moistened. wet the sponge of cloth a bit and wipe on the paint surface before you pick up the paint. dabs, and spreads easily and evenly. dries with good time so you can touch your face if you need to apply other colours on top. good face paint."
"The snazaroo came and it wasn't black. It was purple. It says purple on the back. It was clearly mislabeled, as the sticker says black but the back of the paint says purple."
I love working wih this paint its got good coverage and pigment. very easy to wash off the skin and clean up a snap
I got to use my Snazaroo for the first time yesterday for a Homestuck meetup I went to. The Snazaroo went on nice and smooth(After I warmed it up for 5 seconds in the microwave) and it almost felt as though I had nothing on my face when I was wearing it. I approve of this Snazaroo!
"Easy to apply, just use water (not too much!). It's more blue than I thought it would be, but you can easily go online and read posts on how to tone down the ""blueness"" factor. From what I've seen, this is the go-to shade of gray from Snazaroo for Homestuckers. I've only done a few tests, but I'm going to go out and buy some foundation, which supposedly, if I mix with the paint instead of water, will help reduce the blueness. Even if it doesn't, the fact that many other cosplayers use this for trolls makes me still want to use this."
The paint was exactly as pictured and will be perfect for my Homestuck cosplays. I will buy more once I run out.
"The issue with this product It took me about an hour to put on my face, just my face. It stays on well until you put water in it, but it also doesn't give very good coverage when you put it on. I had bits of my skin that showed my skin color rather than grey. So I would not recommend this product if you're cosplaying a troll from Homestuck."
"Sorry to say, this stuff was hard to work with and got bad results.

Using the MAC product was much easier and got better results."
This is my favorite red so far...it's creamy..dark when applying on the skin compare to other red that seems to fade. I received this product on time and didn't have any complain beside that I just love it
I Cosplay Kanaya Maryam And Was Thoroughly Impressed By The Quality Of This Product. It Is Very Reliable And Does Not Smear.
"This is the right color for those looking to do a Cosplay for Homestuck. I like it and the price could be worse, but I think it's pretty fair. The paint is smooth to get on and like I said a good color. The only problem I had with it was the fact it dries out rather quickly if left out. So if you order this product remember to keep the lid close by."
"I bought this face paint for a Halloween costume. I needed my face to be all white. Well, two hours later, it was. I guess it is just a matter of opinion on whether or not it is worth the effort.

The problem is that I needed to apply SEVERAL layers to my face. The makeup is too thin with just one layer, and your skin will show through. So you need to apply a layer, let it dry, repeat ad nauseum. Bluh. And then after I was done, the makeup cracked after about an hour, even though I had applied sealer. So I had to go to the bathroom and apply another coat. This only took a few minutes, but I had to repeat the process several times a night. It should be noted that I live in Colorado, so this is probably in part to the dry climate. Also, I do not know if other colors have the same transparency problem.

Overall, I had heard good things about this facepaint, but if I was to do it over, I would get something thicker."
I initially bought it because the project I needed it for is based off of a group that uses this (SPG). I worked wonderfully and after figuring out the right water to paint ratio it went on smoothly. It looks amazing and I have yet to have any bad reaction to it. Removal is fairly easy if you use a good makeup remover it just takes a while for larger painted sections.
I initially bought it because the project I needed it for is based off of a group that uses this (SPG). I worked wonderfully and after figuring out the right water to paint ratio it went on smoothly. It looks amazing and I have yet to have any bad reaction to it. Removal is fairly easy if you use a good makeup remover it just takes a while for larger painted sections.
"This face paint is the perfect color of bright yellow. It takes a few coats to make a perfect opaque application, however the final results are great and it is easy to apply with any brush (I used a cheap watercolor brush I had lying around). It has a similar consistency to gouache paint - you simply dip your brush in some water and mix it into the solid face paint and it produces a vibrant, pastey yellow paint that didn't stain any of the skin of any of the models I used. Remember to remove the tight plastic seal over the yellow face paint itself when you first open it. It's invisible to the eye (and to the touch if you don't know what the face paint should feel like) so you may not realize there is a seal and assume the product is defective as I believe has been the experience of some reviewers. Overall, good product!"
The paint was needed for a cosplay.  It was very useful and was just as advertised. I would buy this product again
5 stars because it was really useful to a sibling's cosplay.  The color was just as advertised and looked great.
there were no instructions on how to use this.  I tried some and it was a little hard to rub onto finger and put on face.  May need water.  But it was bright pink
"I ordered one orange and got 5 blue enclosed in plastic.  The outside is labeled orange.  Really needed it for this weekend.  Oh Well, isn't this nice"
"I bought this paint for Homestuck cosplay (more specifically Gamzee, Vriska, and Terezi) and while the blue tint MIGHT be okay for the blueblooded trolls, trolls like Tavros, Karkat, and Aradia would look terrible. I started to apply my paint and my bathroom already had a kind of blue light anyway, but no matter where I went in the house, it still looked blue.
Since I'm working on a Vriska cosplay right now, it's not like it was the end of the world, but when it comes to troll paint I would REALLY rather add my own color tint to it for the blush.
I kind of wish I'd read the ratings before buying it."
"This Color Is Perfect For Cosplaying Troll Characters From Homestuck As Well As Marceline The Vampire Queen From Adventure Time.  Apply With A Moistened Sponge In A ""Papping"" Motion.  Do Not Smear It On Even When Covering Large Areas Of Skin Or It Will Be Streaky.  It Acts A Bit Like A Cake Of Watercolor Paint.  Do Not Touch It While It Dries, It Does Not Take Long. The Coverage Was Opaque And Did Not Feel Oily But Rather Dry Like Powder Eyeshadow.  The Product Is Intended To Use To Paint The Faces Of Your Strange Human ""Children"" And Is Nontoxic. I Sealed It Afterwards With Some Baby Powder And It Did Not Come Off Even When I Rubbed At It, But It Came Off Easily Under Running Water.  Beware Of Rain And Sweating While Wearing This Paint."
"I bought this originally for a homestuck cosplay, but i find the color is very versatile. It goes on smoothly, and doesnt come out blotchy like cream makeups. Also, it only takes me, someone who can be very meticulous when it comes to make up, a little over 2 minutes to put on my entire face."
"I was going to use this for my cosplay as Porrim Maryam from Homestuck (her skin is all white for this specific cosplay) and I ended up being the human version of her. The white was horribly transparent even on my already pale skin. If I wanted to be fully white, I would have needed to use maybe five coats of this. I really didn't have that kind of time however. I don't recommend this unless you are trying to get a paler look on your skin for maybe a 'dead person'costume. Otherwise, it came on time, and felt great on the skin, but as stated, didn't look good AT ALL."
"Basic black.  It's the new - BLACK??? Oh well, fashion being what it is, black lines went to purple, then dark green, then blue, but now, they're back to black - used as a shadow line in face painting, an accent, or a bold statement, Snazaroo is easy to use, easy to clean, and definitely has my vote.  No black ball from me!"
"This is definitely grass green.  Not Kelly, not emerald,  or even lime, but grass green - perfect for doing camouflage and hidden tiger scenes!"
"Great color saturation, good coverage, and very stable.  Definitely one of the basic colors brought to visible fore to make face painting pop."
"Purchased this to cover most of my body for a ""black and white"" themed halloween costume.  I had a bit of trouble figuring out how to get a nice even cover, but I have never used a water activated makeup before.  Stayed on almost the whole night, and came off very easily with some wet rags."
"I ordered this for my Tavros cosplay and I liked how well it worked! Ive never really cosplayed before and this was easy to use and looked good. At first I thought it looked too white and wasn't dark enough, but that was fixed by applying more. I didn't notice much of a light blue tint that a lot of others complain about ( I saw it a little when I first reapplied it, but that shade only lasted a while and with in ten minutes it was the perfect troll shade). This should look too blue or white if you find the white balance. I'll defiantly keep using this color for troll cosplays, and other Snazzaroo colors for some trickster trolls!"
This face paint is easy to use and doesn't made your face feel stiff. It is great for parties because it doesn't irritate the kids face like some face paints do.
This face paint is easy to use and doesn't made your face feel stiff. It is great for parties because it doesn't irritate the kids face like some face paints do.
"Snazaroo has always done well with my casual face painting. The black is used a lot, so having a big palette makes it last longer."
This coats and spreads very easily and is a piece of cake to get off with soap and water.  Really great for cosplays!
"I don't know, I just don't. this is one of those products where patience is likely to pay off; so if you have got a few hours to get a flawless result, Freakin' go for it. if not, consult ben nye."
I never got this item and my inquiries as to where it was sent got me nowhere. My daughter was really looking forward to this too for a cod play she was doing.
My 16 year old daughter wanted this for some of her cosplays. She loves the way it goes on. Thank you!
"Exactly what we were looking for. My daughter loves her face painted and this is the brand the professional face painter uses at our pizza party arcade. We purchased a princess kit, but it didn't come with black. It seems that many of the designs in the instruction book needed black. So when she wanted to be a cat for Halloween, I decided to finally get the black paint. She looked adorable and now we can paint all the cute designs from the kit.
This face paint is easily applied with a fine tip paint brush and a tiny bit of water. It dries and doesn't smudge. It is not waterproof as it comes off easily with a wet paper towel."
We used this to zombify our son for Halloween (along with another snazaroo kit with other colors) - this was the base used for his body and it was fantastic.  So easy to apply (I used a large flat makeup brush dipped in water and applied in a couple of layers) it lasted all night on a humid night in Florida.  At the end of the night it washed off easily in the shower with a little soap.  We will definitely be using this makeup again for any future costumes.
This came very quickly and is exactly what I wanted!!! The color was very similar to the picture. This paint is easy to seal and would be great for all ages.
very good and i will recommend to others very quick to deliver liked this product
it fits very good and matched the rest of my collection and i will recommend to others very quick to deliver liked this product
really easy to apply. better than any store bought face paint.  daughter uses it for school spirit at football games.
"Yep, perfect for anyone wishing to cosplay a decent Homestuck troll.  It matches the grey perfectly but can be a bit of a chore to apply by hand and hideous when you use any kind of sponge.  The product is a good creamy consistency and goes on well.  But darn it Homestuckers - SEAL your skin - this stuff leaves a wandering trail of grey everywhere unless properly sealed."
"I ordered Black but was sent Blue. Did not return, still have it. It arrived to late and was the wrong color. Also ordered Red and Got Pink. Make up your own mind."
"My grandkids wanted to dress as clowns for Haloween. It came last minute ans instead of red and black, I recieved pink and blue. Did not return but will not buy from this seller again"
"My daughter said the makeup performed just as she expected and it is easy to use, easy to wash off."
I bought this to paint the boys cheeks for the football game......basically replacing the black glare reducer with pink for breast cancer awareness they loved it
"Best quality facepaint I've found. Snazaroo is one of the only facepaints I've found that doesn't contain mineral oil or other petroleum products as its base. It performs well and doesn't irritate my skin. It does start to make my face feel dry and itchy after awhile, but I consider that normal for a full face of paint!"
"This is the make-up I use for all my cosplay needs. Since I am a Homestuck cosplayer, this is essential. This size lasts forever (me and three others have shared two containers for 5 cons, with some still left). Also, this seller got me my makeup about five days earlier than expected."
"it is very useful for large surface areas of the skin like arms and legs, i would recommend this for a good quick puttogether cosplay"
"Definitely a great buy! //another homestuck cosplayer d:
it's cheaper than some of the other people who are selling the snazaroo,
there was no damage to the item or anything when it came in,
it's a good-working product,
and it came in during the week before it was estimated to have arrived~~"
Used this for Halloween this year and it worked great - the color is nice and red and went on easily (and came off easily).
"This product was perfect for highlighting for my daughter's weeping angel costume. It went on easily, had great even coverage and once it dried it stayed on unless she sweated copiously. We used it for 4 events, she won the costume contest at a showing of The Day of the Doctor locally. Will definitely be buying more colors for other cosplay."
Love snazaroo face paint! I won't buy just any face paint from the store again. Once you've worked with the best it's hard to try anything different.
we used this for Halloween for my little one.  The paint was a little tricky to apply (very dry) but I mixed a very tiny bit of water with it.
"It looks amazing for any troll cosplay from Homestuck! I am able to paint my neck without it rubbing off, but be careful with what you do with your painted body parts!"
"Went on smooth, stayed all night, and washed off easily. Didn't feel like I had anything on, as well. No staining to the face, of which I feared with this color. It really made me Halloween costume come together."
"Great face paint.  I used this to be Fiona, from Shrek- so I used it on my face, neck, shoulders, arms hands and feet.  It does not come off easily, and lasts all day- even at school, when I'm working.  I love this stuff.  And it covers a lot!"
I was super excited receiving this in the mail! and when i got it i immediately had to test it out. I got a make-up sponge ( a clean new one of course) and opened it up. i noticed it looked dry so i put some water in the cap and dipped the sponge into it. the paint went on smoothly and nicely. i absolutely love this product! It works better and is more convenient then Ben Nye in my opinion. One you don't have to mix it and two it comes in a large container. i love how easy it washes off with soap and water. It's perfect for any Homestuck cosplay and i recommend it to everyone. I personally recommend sealing it with baby powder or the sealant of your choice. i'm definitely buying more when i need to restock. but i think this will last me a long time!
I love it. I use it for my gamzee cosplay from homestuck and it works great.its everything they say about it.
"I ordered black and got purple.  The item sticker said black, but the package was very clearly labeled purple.  Not even worth the hassle of sending it back."
"Great for any HS cosplayer. It was gentle on my skin (if you have moderate to mild eczema and/or sensitive skin, it doesn't burn!)
This stays on for the entire con and just a little bit can be used on my face, neck and arms. Easy to wash off. The packaging was really nice, too. Recommended for any HS cosplayer who is tight on money."
"This snazaroo is from the UK. Beware, even though it complies to FDA regs it is not suitable for the eye area (it's in the fine print on the back). The US version is better quality (this one feels dry) and has no such warnings on it."
This is much easier to put on and stay on much better that the makeup sold in costume stores. Won't sweat off.
much better than clown white! I usually go buy clown white make up at the costume store it won't stay on for an extended period of time this is really good.
I tried many different types of face paints and snazaroo wins hands down every time.  Lasts forever and goes on smoothly.  Easy to remove with wipes.  No allergic reations.
"Great product. Applied easily with a bit of water. I painted it on with a make up brush. Color applied easily, dried quickly and stayed on all night. I like it!"
"Snazaroo paints are so easy to apply, this worked excellent as I used this for my Kratos costume this past Halloween. If you want to apply Snazaroo paints really dark and thick, then you should use a good amount of water added to the paints for the best coverage."
"Snazaroo paints are easy to apply but the Light Grey ended up looking like a Light Blue, therefore this wasn't used as I had intended it."
Worst face paint ever. Couldn't get it to smear! Couldn't get it out of the container hardly! Don't recommend this.
"Fast shipping, and the product looks great! Came in its original packaging and everything. Excited to try it out for some homestuck cosplays. :o)"
"This face paint worked absolutely great for my Hellboy costume.  It was just the right shade of red (total luck on that), easy to put on, and simple to clean up (only took 1 long shower to completely remove.  I have my whole face painted as well as my hands and 1 arm, and any sweating (and there was a bunch) did not cause the paint to rub off."
"I bought this to do makeup for a Steam Powered Giraffe Walter girl cosplay.  It goes on very well, but its kind of hard to figure out how to get the coverage right. I apply it with a brush and then smooth it with my fingers, and it looks pretty even. DO NOT USE MAKEUP SPONGES, it just wipes off the makeup completely and totally defeats the purpose.

It rubs off pretty easily too. I was wearing my glasses and I noticed that the nose pieces cleaned off the paint."
It was exactly the shade I had anticipated and worked very well. Very pleased with the results. Went on effortlessly and did not rub off easily.
"I bought this as part of a Halloween costume, with the intention to paint my face and neck. I glanced at the back of the container to see if it had instructions, but the text seems to be in size 6 font. I managed to make out something about diluting, but nothing about the proper amount of diluting or what was recommend as a dilution agent.

I went to the Snazaroo website. The site is in need of a makeover. It is rather hard to navigate, not something I expected at all for a business website. I watched the video on the home page, where the painter said the paint was diluted with 1-2 drops of water.

My application was easy enough. The paint has great coverage and the color is nice and rich (color in picture is accurate on my screen). The less water used, the thicker the coverage. I covered my face, neck and parts of my chest and there is still a lot of paint left in the container. It did somewhat rub off on contact, even after it was dry. Either way, I'd suggest not wearing anything that you do not want it to rub off on. It came off super easy and didn't leave any pigment stains. I was super pleased with it.

So, if I liked it, why three stars? The ingredients include parabens, among other things. Had I known that this paint had parabens, I would never have purchased it. I really dislike that Amazon's listing didn't have the ingredients, and I didn't think about harmful ingredients at the time. I did end up using it, but if I had time to find an alternative this would have been sent back/trashed."
"Color went on easily, dry to touch,washed off with water & no scrubbing. Exactly what I was looking for for our halloween makeup."
"Looked great.  It was much better color than regular store bought makeup.  Easy to apply, feels dry not sticky and washed off easily with water. Lots of compliments on our Halloween makeup this year."
"Paint ended up being a little too dark for my usage, so I bought white and mixed it in. It's difficult to get perfectly even application, but with some help I was able to get it close enough. I did notice that the lines under my eye and in my eyelid crease caused the face paint to rub off, maybe because it wasn't dry and I kept moving my eyes. Used a sealant spray on top and found that it really stayed all night!"
"When I put this on, it was definitely a pale blue color in person.  I used this for a monochromatic look, and the blue tint made it look odd.  Some of the photos had a blue tint as well, and some turned out fine.  It became dried throughout the night, so I had to reapply with a damp sponge.

It washed off very easily, though.  Easiest make-up clean up ever!!"
"Order the black one, received purple. Product itself seems good for what it is... goes on and drys and doesn't smudge. Since it was purple I just threw it away though... Not gonna bother returning something so cheap. My order says black, so I'm assuming its a fault of the company... Probably won't order from this company again."
"For Halloween I was a ""one-eyed one horned flying purple people eater"" from the old song.  This purple was perfect for that costume.  I did a full face covering with a makeup sponge and a small amount of water.  I went back over some spots where I didn't get it very dark and I ended with a nice, rich purple.  The Snazaroo face paint didn't crack or peel.  It stayed flexible and comfortable the entire evening.  Also, sometimes I get an allergic reaction to something put on my skin near my lips and this did not cause that.  I was very pleased with it.  I highly recommend it."
"So purrfect~
Takes a couple layers to get what you want, but that didn't make a dent in my supply~
A little goes a long way.
I loveee thisss.
For Tavros, Nepeta, and Sollux, or any Troll it's wonderful. (oh, and Calliope) <3"
"Very good, I buy before the white one, is a very good product for those we have sensitive skin, or are very caucasian skin like I am.
I try this for halloween and it looks great!"
"I use this for getting grey'ed up for my cosplays (ahem Homestucks) and it's the perfect shade, and with proper sealing it holds up all day."
"Great face paint.  I used it all over my husband's face and neck and ears for a Frankenstein costume, and barely made a dent in it.  We'll have green face paint for years to come, if I keep it sealed up!  It's a powdery base and I applied it with water and brushes, but fingers could work well too.  I finished it off with translucent powder and Final Seal, and it was pretty well set for the whole night.  He wore a collared shirt with a tie, and the neck of the shirt just barely got a little green.  Came off easily with makeup wipes, too.  He didn't have a tinge of green the next day!"
I sprayed the product with a little water.  Then I used a sponge to apply to the skin.  Very easy to apply.  I was afraid the orange would stain my skin.  But it washed off very well with just soap and water.  Take the facepaint also for touch ups.  When I did sweat on the nose a little some did come off.
"I ordered several colors of Snazaroo for a Halloween costume and this white  was horribly dried out, no matter how much water I added to it.  Ruined the makeup for the night."
Awesome face paint! The color is fantastic and the paint went on very nicely. Only suggestion is to be careful when touching your face because it wipes off fairly easily.
"I bought this product after hearing from a bunch of fellow cosplayers how good it was for homestuck Troll makeup. I ended up getting this product a day early and I was so excited. I tested it on my skin, including using setting spray and such, and left it on for a few hours. It was on my hand so it would get plenty of wear. Even after going through musical practice and going in the rain, it stayed on great!"
Awesome. Comes off with just water. Didn't even scratch the surface And did 3 peoples faces up. Worth every penny.
"Needed this product for child face painting at a carnival.  It was great, didn't run or smear even with kids running around and getting sweaty or wet.

Will buy again!"
Good price and arrived about 3 1/2 weeks before the stated delivery date so we are thrilled! This is a great product for cosplay at a reasonable price.
"it arrived on a timely manner, just within a working week. haven't tried it on yet, but snoozaroo is the best face paint, as far as I know, from previous experience."
"it arrived on a timely manner, just within a working week. haven't tried it on yet, but snoozaroo is the best face paint, as far as I know, from previous experience."
"Came SOOO quick, much MUCH sooner than the expected date. This is my second time ordering this and i love it its great for every homestuck cosplay~! super easy to put on with a tiny bit of water. Thank you!"
"I have ordered snazaroo before and I am pleased with it. Will order the products again, I usually wait for the sales."
I got rather quickly which made me happy but the color doesnt look so much grey as a light blue so people thought I was from Avatar rather than Meenah from Homestuck.
"Yes. Yes this is the one. The one you have 8een looking for. Yes.

It goes on smooth and creamy and wonderful and there are no cons (pun intended) at all.

Perfect for troll skin. My Vriska is looking awesome.

8UY IT OKAY."
Great for anyone cosplaying as someone from homestuck. Plenty of the stuff in there but I recommend using a makeup sealer so it lasts all day
"This product can go on streaky, and since water washes it off AND activates it, it's difficult to put on a second layer. Spare yourself the complications and buy the Ben Nye. It's worth it in the log run."
"It is a very good paint for face, I recommend it for those who has sensible skin like I do. I definitely buy another one. Also upload a picture of me, using it for a harajuku day in my city."
"This item took a while to figure out how to apply. I've looked online for suggestions on applying Snazaroo but once I got the product, it was a whole different ballpark. The best way to apply it is to dip the brush in a small puddle of water and start circling it into the paint. It should be pasty once you mix it, not watery. From there, you apply in big strokes. If your brush is too wet and/or drippy, the paint will look like water stains on a mirror, except on your face. The pastier, the more matted it looks on your skin. Unfortunately, you'll need to repeat this process a lot because it can dry very quickly. Hope this helps others! Other than that, it's easy to remove from skin and even cloth.

Note: This yellow can look greenish on olive skin tone. I recommend buying this with orange and mixing them together for a warmer tone on your face."
"This item took a while to figure out how to apply. I've looked online for suggestions on applying Snazaroo but once I got the product, it was a whole different ballpark. The best way to apply it is to dip the brush in a small puddle of water and start circling it into the paint. It should be pasty once you mix it, not watery. From there, you apply in big strokes. If your brush is too wet and/or drippy, the paint will look like water stains on a mirror, except on your face. The pastier, the more matted it looks on your skin. Unfortunately, you'll need to repeat this process a lot because it can dry very quickly. Hope this helps others! Other than that, it's easy to remove from skin and even cloth."
"Its epic! It works very well, and comes off easily! This is perfect for my Homestuck cosplaying needs. I love it! :o)"
"This is really nice. It comes with so much more then Ben Nye does. It is also so much easier to put on too. I probably used this makeup 6 to 7 different times, and I still have some left over. I will need to buy more soon, but I think I still have enough to do Karkat 2 or 3 more times. You will need to put more then 1 or 2 coats of this makeup one though. I normally do 4 coats of this make up, and after each coat I put the Ben Nye white powder one it. Once I am all done with putting the makeup on I seal it with Ben Nye Final Sealer. This you HAVE to do. If you don't seal it, the makeup will come off when you sweet. That isn't fun for anyone. You do have to spend a lot in the end, but it is worth it!"
"I, like many of the other reviewers, needed to acquire some gray body paint for a homestuck troll cosplay, and I was hesitant to buy Ben Nye because I'm awful at mixing things to make a new color, so I decided to go ahead and buy 2 of these spiffy items, and then the waiting began. I live in Colorado, and this shipped from the UK if I'm not mistaken. It came 10 days before I was expecting it, however, so that was rad! The actual product is AMAZING, it has taken a bit of practice for me to get an even layer, but once you get it down, you're good to go! Also, I feel like there is plenty of the product for me to be able to test with, so that's just another plus! All in all, I completely recommend buying some of this ASAP for all your body painting needs!"
Now i hear great stuff about it i really look forward to it! I'm going to be a good troll! Also Marcaline The Vampire Queen!
"I know there are Homestucks checking this stuff out, thinking ""should I spend so much? It's just paint."" Well, I think you should for the following reasons:
1. It did not irritate my skin. This is one of the few paints that I have used on a large part of my body and not had irritation or peeling. Even some facepaints they would use at a fair did that.
2. It is water-based and washes off VERY easily. Just warm water on a washcloth and it comes right off. (Just beware of sweat and use a good sealant) You won't spend a bunch of time scrubbing roughly at your skin trying to get it all off.
3. It comes off easily, which makes it a good protective layer between your skin and any less-easy-to-remove paints that you may want to add to your cosplay(for example, blood spatters of acrylic)
4. The color is just right (just like in the picture) so you don't have to mix the Dark Grey with the  White yourself. (also cheaper to get just one, just sayin')
5. There is plenty in this size container to serve your needs for a while. I've done full face 2 times now plus a full arm, and I'm barely 1/10 of the way into it. When you add water, it really does give you a lot of paint.  This 18ml container is about the size of my palm. and about 1/2 inch deep.

One last note for my troll friends. This works really well for the face/neck, which won't really be rubbing or bumping into anything. However, I super-duper recommend making some armsocks for your arms instead of using paint, because people will run into you and they will get annoyed if any comes off on their costumes. Also! Don't be a dumb(like me) and paint the palm of your hand. Yes, it's correct for the character. No, nobody wants you to leave paint smudges on their camera/phone."
I bought this for my daughter who is into all the Cosplay stuff especially the HOME STRUCK characters.  This worked great for her costume and such for her to attend ACON
"I just got it and I can already tell this stuff is going to last forever. Just add a little water and a small amount spreads across your entire face. They also make it a point that this product has not been tested on animals, which is pretty nice if you ask me :) It's a really nice product."
"My daughter was nepeta Lejon for a Homestuck cosplay anime convention  and her grey snazaroo was great!
Less expensive than the competitor brand."
We have used the Snazaroo product for 3 years and it is great. We did face painting in the summer library and the kids loved it.
Snazaroo is a great product and I will use it over and over! It washes off really well and gives the effect you want.
"This works well as expected and no complaints. I don't really have anything else to say on this matter, so..."
It works alright. I actually do really like it but it's a tad too light and that was a mistake on my part. I did order light grey. I just miscalculated how light it would be.
"Snazaroo is perfect for Homestuck cosplay. I cosplayed Vriska and it came on fine and smooth and for the most part stays on well, although Sealer would be Ideal as well."
Perfect for all day stay. Loved how this product looked on. Added a tiny bit of water to make application easier.
Perfect for all day stay. Loved how this product looked on. Added a tiny bit of water to make application easier.
I was the Wicked Witch and needed to have a lot of green face paint. This cream paint when added water to the brush went on very easy and came off easy too. Recommend getting a clear powder or something to put on so that the paint does not come off.
Then I got this it nice and works for homestuck cosplay really well but I don't know how to mix it but here a fellow cosplay help me get the right color but I still cant get the color right
This product was a little on the hard side...nor sure if it always like this or if this was old...hard to use also...
Never used their products before...but it was a little on the hard and dry side...very hard to get out...and even use...
"I've mostly used a Ben Nye equivalent in the past, and this compares easily at a more affordable price,  It sets/stays well, and can be applied with an ordinary foundation brush if you don't want to buy a hydra sponge, etc.  Learning to use it is easy and I've never seen anyone's skin react badly--I recommend it to many beginning face painters (paint on Homestucks :p) who are looking for quick and simple application at low prices.  The only thing I can complain about is that I don't care for how it looks on dry skin after an hour or so.  It's not too blue either but the wrong lighting will make it appear so."
"great product
covers well
goes on smooth
arrived safe
great deal!!!
the only reason i gave a 4 was:
arrived a liiiitle bit later than the rest of our order
and they were a bit wasteful in the packaging (we got a great big box for one cake)"
I love this stuff! I use it for cosplay and it is so good! It covers beautifully and clean up isn't as bad as with some of the other make ups I have used. I really would suggest it to anyone!
"I was disappointed after reading all of the great reviews about this product. I'm not sure if it was the face paint, my skin tone, or something else entirely, but it looked really blue when it was on. Maybe it would look better if it was mixed with another color. It didn't have much of a ""light grey"" look on my skin no matter how thick or thin I applied it, more of a ""light blue"". That being said, it is still a great quality face paint. It can be applied and removed very easily and it stays on well and doesn't smudge or rub off much."
My daughter wanted this for a character she dresses up like (cosplay). She said that it comes off with just water and little effort. She's happy with it.
"It isn't blueish like many other facepaints, and is very good quality for such a small price. My grandfather (This is his account) got it for my Karkat Vantas cosplay and it works wonderfully."
"Highly recommend! This stuff goes on so fast and easily, and sticks so well, I used a translucent powder top coat and Ben Nye spray sealant, it feels like you're just wearing a thin layer of makeup, its awesome. Its easy to wash off too, so try not to get wet, but otherwise it stays put! I'm looking forward to my Marceline cosplay, and I can't wait to be a troll!"
I wish the containers were larger but this face paint is great for troll makeup.. nepeta is my favorite troll
when this arrived at my house the plastic container that the snazaroo paint  was in was all cracked and broken besides that it worked great for my costume its just the container being broken bummed me out alot thats the only reason i could only give it 4 stars tho.
it lasted the whole day that i was wearing it it did fade through out the day mostly my fault for not applying enough but other wise it was perfect very happy this stuff didn't get all dry and crumbly on me.
"Little girls always ask me to include this shade! Very pretty!

I have also used it to do flamingos and they come out beautiful."
This paint is ok but I would like it to be less transparent I have to use several coats to get the white/ white look I need on most pictures.
Snazaroo in general is a good paint to use for cosplay and the like but I got sent dark grey instead of light grey though it did work since i was doing gamzee but next time please send the right shade :/ i ordered light grey so i needed/wanted light grey not dark
"If you're a Homestuck cosplayer who needs gray paint but doesn't want to go through the hassle of mixing Ben Nye colors, then this is a fantastic option. It lasted all day for my friends and I! It goes on so smooth and is very soft on the skin. A little goes a long way. We were able to paint three sets of faces + arms + hands + necks for three days straight and I still have plenty left over for future use."
"all the colors are very high quality and come off with out too much problem. We use this for cosplay and are very happy with the results. you do  need to powder it lightly to ""set"" it - put it on with make-up wedges. thanks"
"The color is fantastic and as almost all of the other reviews state: this product is a must have for Homestuck cosplay~! I'm so psyched to go to NYCCC, and I'll look great thanks to this product! I will definitely order some more of this when I run out. The shipping was quick as well!"
"Snazaro's great, yo. I would recommend it, but you just have to know how to use it, barely a smidge of water. It does have a blye tint to it, but at least you don't have to mix colors like Ben Nye and it's cheaper then Paradise and FX, and not greasy like Mehron Cream Stick."
"Perfect for drama, cosplaying or fairs, it doesn't take much at all to use. Really super easy to wash off with just a wet washcloth and super easy to seal onto your skin with just baby powder. A little goes a long way with this and it's great for those low on cash."
"within 5 minutes of wearing it, it would crack and fall off.
YES, i sealed it.
if you're putting it on your face, expect it to crack regardless of sealer
and if you plan on talking and the makeup is around your mouth, the makeup will fall off your face, leaving you crying for wasting money on this shit."
"This works very well as long as you know how to apply and seal it correctly. I'd recommend stippling the paint on with a makeup sponge and a small bit of water, and once its dry to seal it with baby powder and a mehron barrier spray (or something similar). There was a nice amount of product and it takes very little to get good coverage. The shipping was quick too, so that's a plus."
"I bought this paint as a body paint for a Lumpy Space Princess cosplay, and the color is much lighter than expected! I'm very happy with it, and am excited to use it. c: Perfect shade for the cosplay!"
"Maybe its just certain lighting, but it came out a little more on the blue side than I expected. Still, it will work for the perfect Homestuck Troll"
"So I was really excited to get this body/face paint and I went to do a test patch to check the opacity and such and it looked a little dark. I looked at the label and saw a somewhat hastily stuck on label that said ""light grey"". I peel back that label and see that the actual label says ""dark grey"". Totally wrong color."
"I got it for my homestuck cosplay, and although it looks a little blue in some lights, it's still really amazing! It rubs off quickly, though. So be ready to use Final Seal or something. I'm trying baby powder and hairspray right now and it seems to be doing pretty well."
My daughter needed this for her Comic Con outfit. It was reasonably priced and the right color she needed.. Thanks
"I'm using this for a homestuck cosplay and it goes on well with water, and washes it off easy as well. Once I let it dry it BARELY rubbed off. I have yet to test it with sweating but I think it'll be great. Don't worry about how small the container looks, there's enough, trust me."
"I've used Ben Nye before,but such just seems more like acrylic. This stuff is perfect! Its like a soft cream against my face and skin that doesn't chip or fade! A must-have for Homestuck cosplayers."
"I am new to cosplaying, and I bought two of these babies for my Vriska cosplay. Even for a beginner this product was easy to use, simply using water and Wonder Wedges, and I fell in love with it immediately.

I tested it for my face and chest and there wasn't even a dent in it!

The package came right on time and was packaged very nicely, wrapped in three layers of bubble wrap. I would definitely recommend this product for others!

(Also, about the pictures, I'm sorry about the horrible quality, but I tried to show you the difference between my normal skin and the paint.)

NOTE: This paint does have a SLIGHT blue tint, but it is barely noticeable."
"WoW tHiS sTuFf SeRiOuSlY wOrKeD sO gReAt FoR cOsPlAy
It SeRiOuSlY wOrKeD mIrAcLeS
I rEaLlY rEcOmMeNd It
HoNk
EnJoY yOu CoSpLaYeRs"
This was a last minute thought and was great for the right price @ the last minute doesn't leave a greasy feeling.
"The product arrived surprisingly quickly, especially for international shipping. I bought this for my Kanaya Maryam cosplay, and I was pretty happy with the results! White takes some more time and patience to get applied properly than light gray I've also used before (which is the case for most of the white facepaints) if you seal it correctly there should be no problems. Excellent, highly reccomend!"
"I have decided to use snazaroo for my troll homestuck cosplay due the accurate color, and with it being water based it did not irritate my naturally sensitive skin at all! I have oily/mixed skin and using oily facepaints only makes it worse, but I can say I'm reallly happy with this one. Literally all it took was adding little water to it and than sealing it, it lasted nicely and the color covered it pretty well. Also, painting few layers on my face did not use up much of it at all, one package will last you for quite some time! I haven't tested it on my arms since I'm using armsocks, but I'd say it should all end up nicely unless it starts raining or you get in touch with water of some sort since it's water activated. It has a slight blueish shade to it but it's not noticeable, and you don't have to mix it with other facepaints to get the right color. So if you're cosplaying any homestuck troll, Marceline from Adventure time or any gray skinned character, I'd definately go for this again."
"this is a great product! it goes on nicely and is easy to remove using water
for a good troll makeup, that lasts longer than usual, mix it with ben nye sealing spray instead of water, i wouldn't recommend doing that for a child's birthday party though c:
it's really good, you'll need a liquid foundation brush to apply it evenly, and eye shadow or something for low lights and high lights
there's a lot of paint, so unless you're doing 20 people, it should be enough"
"I'm not sure if it it was the mail carrier's fault or not but when I first got it the lid was cracked, and the paint was creamy. I've had Snazaroo before to know it should be solid. The product itself is great, and after freezing it a few times it finally solidified lol."
"Works really good and doesn't come off when sealed correctly
also what's an orangelo because i have no idea. ."
"Wow, this is a definite must for all HS troll cosplayers. I've used it for Terezi on multiple occasions (used on face, neck, arms, and hands) and it has barely put a dent in my supply. It stays on well and I barely have to do touch-ups. I couldn't have asked for anything better. :]"
"This body paint goes on easily and comes off easily, and it lasts for a long time. Even after about 6-8 hours, I didn't have to reapply any of it.(Of course, that might be because I used a sealer on it, but either way!)"
i love love love love love this stuff! I'm really excited to use it at the next convention :) make sure you get some kind of finishing spray or powder to go over it for sure though! im considering getting a darker color for some of the trolls skin tones though because it's really light :P
"It came in quicker than what I had expected. The box was big although the item was small but, it was well packaged. Some people complain about it being too blue but I see no problem with it. I tested a little on my skin and it was a bluish-grey but the blue was barley noticeable the color is great for cosplaying as a troll or as Marshall Lee."
"I bought this for my troll cosplays and it works great! It looks a little bluish in certain lighting on me, but in natural lighting it's a nice light grey. Unlike Ben Nye, this requires no mixing-- take a damp sponge and dab it straight on. It may take a few layers, so give yourself some time. AND DON'T FORGET TO BUY SOME SORT OF SEALER. Baby powder works well, but I also bought a spray that seems to hold it too. Don't go to a con or meet without it!!

For Kanaya I'd probably recommend getting the white, too- but for everyone else this grey should be more than sufficent. If you want to contour, get the dark grey and maybe the black as well. There are tutorials on how to apply Snazaroo (and the rest of your troll makeup) on Youtube."
Im using it for my Homestuck cosplay and it works just the way it needs too :) it will last me a good amount of times too.
My troll skin could not have looked better! <3  It may seem like a little but it works well and is far more than it  looks!
"This stuff is great! I used it when Karkat and I dressed as eachother! I made a great Karkat :) Any ways, tons of fun if you want to paint like a troll! :B"
I perfer snazaroo face paint to any other facepaint. It dries quickly and I can control the amount without clumping.
Works great for the average homestuck cosplayer! Would recomend for anyone cosplaying trolls or well trolls. The Dark gray may work more for gamzee though.
"I bought this for a Gamzee Makara cosplay, and it sits well as long as you seal it!
I would recommend Snazaroo Paint, just because I have been using it forever!
Great Buy :)"
"I Have To Say I Am Entirely Impressed With The Quality Of My Packaging, And The Amount Of Time It Took To Reach My General Hive From Your Postal Head Quarters"
This came on time for Halloween and it is well deserving of a 5 star quality. A little dry but spray it with mist and it's ready to apply. I will be back next time I need face paint!
"My students used this for a play. We were witches. However, some students complained that it made their face burned. not sure if they just aren't use to having paint on their faces or if it really did burn. Looked great tho!"
"I always love snazaroo paint.  It's easy to use, washes off easily, doesn't stain.  I prefer these big cakes because it's easier to NOT use too much water since you have more surface to work with."
It is the best face paint I have ever seen.  I put it on with a make up sponge and it lasted all night.  Full bright coverage
"My 13 year old used this to paint her arms and face for Halloween this year. The ease of applying the paint was fantastic. We simply used makeup sponges. The paint lasted amazingly well and didn't wear off while trick or treating. When we went to wash it off at the end of the night, there wasn't a problem. My daughter has very sensitive skin and it didn't cause any irritation at all. So pleased with the product."
"I agree--this is grey blue, which completely does not work for a costume motif needed to be in true grey. Wish I'd read the other review first.  Won't bother to return it due to relatively low cost (though I did buy three) but won't rely on color representations of this group again without asking."
I bought this light gray paint for a gray scale costume... It is blue gray. I don't want to be a smurf so I will have to keep looking.
"This product is very good for painting your face. It takes awhile to get an even coat, but it does it's job and it doesn't stay greasy. I would use baby powder to set it. Note: If you use this item on your hands, the paint will smudge off on other things. Just to keep that in mind.
It's perfect for the face, and I would recommend it. Not the mention the price is wonderful!"
The paint came within a good time period and the it works really good. :) The container the paint is in the lid was chipped slightly but it was really good service!
"While the color is nice, this stained my skin, even after washing several times, so I have weird green areas."
Had to mix with my Wolfe brand to get correct color.
A+
Really cheap stuff. I looked a bit like a clown with it on lol.
"Was perfect for my Allura cosplay!!!
Stayed on all day, no flakes no smuges."
i usually by Mehron. This stuff is cheaper and great quality.
Stains really bad
Legit. Works.
"The black snazaroo face paint was wonderful! It applied smoothly, and didn't crack as it dried. My skin was not seeable through the black!"
"My white makeup cake came without a lid, but my black cake of same brand did? I don't expect this cake to keep very long."
