"This is a great set of needles.  The case is well made and allows for easy organization, the needles are well made and can be used for circular or straight knitting.  I use them for everything I can.

When I first started using them, one of the points came unscrewed and I lost my work.  However, I learned from then on to always use the tightening rods included in the set and really tighten every joint (between needle & cable and between cable extensions).  I haven't had a problem since.

My only critique is that the joints between cables sometimes are hard to push stitches over because they have an angle to them."
"I bought this set (using a coupon at a craft store website) when I first decided to get into knitting.  It serves its purpose well, and has accompanied me through a lot of my early learning.  You can use these as straight or circular needles, in all the standard sizes; it really is potentially all you'd need for most projects, but you can order additional cords in larger sizes, extra end caps, and other items you might find helpful if you become more serious about knitting.  I think that circular needles are easier to hold than straights and put less weight on your hands as you work-- which is very helpful after a long period of knitting.  It is even possible to fudge double-pointed-needle patterns with this set; search knitting video websites for help on how to do that.

As you become more serious, though-- dare I call it Knitpicky?-- there'll be things that might lure you away from this, your first set.  Many people end up preferring bamboo or wooden or plastic needles, for example; these are metal.  Others want to learn new techniques for knitting small items, like the Magic Loop method; this set isn't compatible with that.  A lot of knitters end up opting for other needle systems, like the Denise system or the Knitpicks Options system.  (If you want to read a good comparison between the Denise and the Boye systems, look up the review at knitty dot com by Amy Singer).

But why worry about all those possibilities just now?  If you're beginning, this set will serve for quite some time.  You can upgrade later with all the money you saved from not having to buy individual sets of needles for each of your first few projects.

But I still haven't upgraded mine, and it's been five years now.

ps-The coming-unscrewed problem other reviewers mention can be avoided by using the included tighteners religiously whenever you start a new project (I don't, because I'm lazy and impatient, and still rarely have problems)."
"I got this set when I first started knitting as that was much easier and cheaper than buying all the straights and circular needles. While it was nice having all the different size needle right there, they would come unscrewed which was annoying and they would disconnect and they stitches would be dropped. I had to check quite frequently that they were not coming unscrewed. I tried knitting with the smallest needles, and the yarn kept getting caught at the connection, because it was wider than the needle. so since we were traveling, we had to stop at a store so I could get dpns of the size I needed instead. I ended up selling these and getting the Denice interchangeable. I like them MUCH better and don't have the same issues."
"The joins between the needles and cord were rough, yarn kept catching. But for the price, I'm able to make some of them work with certain yarns."
"Have had these for years, I think they're underrated on here. Are they Addis? No, but they're also not 17 dollars for a single GD needle. This is a solid set. Just make sure you tighten them properly. They've held up better than the few knit pick's I've had over the years.

If you're a lace knitter, you'll be disappointed in these. Ends are blunt. I'm don't do much lace knitted, so I don't really care.

If you need to do the magic loop, the cables will be too stiff for you. Again, I don't knit socks so I don't care."
"Great needle set for a good price. Not the best one on the market, but you cannot beat the price point, and you can use it easily with the chiaogoo small connectors and their S size cables. Its own cables are a bit hard, but for a big shawl it's not a problem. It does not come with a cable to make a 16 in circular, but purchased a chiaogoo 8in cable for it, and it came to a 17in total circular, which is totally fine for adult hats. I see what others saying about coming unscrewed, it can happen sometimes, but I got into the habit of checking on it after a few turns. If you not twitching your project around a lot, it's not gonna be an issue. All in all, it's a great set for the price."
Was gift
Good pigment. Perfect color for what I was looking for
"I was worried with reviews and knowing I tend to knit tight and am rough on needles. They do tend to unscrew a bit, so every couple rows I check and tighten them back down. But talk about convenient. I carry the case in my bag and am able to switch tips quickly as needed and play around with gauge and circular length. Definitely recommend for those that begin knitting yet have patience to deal with the unscrewing problem.

If just starting out, buy the size you need elsewhere and get used to circulars before taking this leap. I survived years on cheap circular needles in popular sizes (8-10.5) and am just now venturing into smaller/larger and changing size in one piece. Would be an amazing kit with the addition of yarn needles and a sizer/gauge measuring tool. Throw in some stitch markers and cable needles and you're all set for most any project."
"This is a great set! I made a blanket with them and never had a problem with the it coming apart. As long as you use the tools included to get a tight fit, nothing is going anywhere. There are a couple needles that have a little ridge where they connect to the metal of the plastic piece, but not too hard to work around. I found that I cannot make a child hat in the round, because the needle and coupler piece are too long to make a small enough circle, but I can make an adult hat so I'm happy. Overall, really like this product and would recommend."
I just finally got around to using these and one cable has the coupler broken off and all the rest of the cables are not attached to the couplers right so there is a gap making the cables useless.  It is my fault for not looking more closely so now I am unable to return them and the cables were what I was needing most.  They came in an unopened package
"The needles are to long, I cant use them. The small metal anchors that hold the needles are to long,  Doing any kind of  knitting is not possible"
"Typically, I don't review things, but this set was a bit of a disappointment. I'm making a throw (blanket) and it has some wide cabling which causes the knitting to get a bit tight. These needles screw onto the cable, and the tightness of the knitting kept unscrewing the needles so I would have to stop about every 20 stitches, part my knitting, and screw the needle down tight again. This had to be done despite using the little tighteners that came with the set. Additionally, I sat on the knitting accidentally and broke one of the cable joiners. Understandable, sure, but it's just one more thing to deal with instead of actually knitting. Anyway, the Denise set has more of a locking action and the transitions between the cables and the needles is gentler allowing for the knitting to slide from the cables to the needles without having to stop and adjust."
"The aluminium needles keep unscrewing during the knitting and may come off any time so that when you notice you have a lot of stitches ran down....
It has ruined what I made in 2 hours
Very annoying and dissapointing."
"I think I love the idea of this set better than the actual needles. It's great how many sizes of needles and lengths of wire it comes with but the needles tend to come unscrewed when actually knitting. It's a little annoying to keep screwing them back in every so often during knitting and I have gotten so in the zone that I won't remember and they will come apart so I have to be careful or my yarn will fall off. If they were a bit more functional, I'd be happier but I do like them and I don't regret buying them."
"So first and foremost, the cables provided are NOT the same lengths as those listed, they're actually much shorter! Second, the 16"" cable that was provided has a clear gap between the cable and the connector, causing the yarn to catch as I knit which is VERY annoying and slows down the process considerably. The 16"" cable is the one I use the most and I'm very disappointed with this kit.

UPDATE: The 8"" circular cable also has a gap between the plastic cable and metal connector that keeps snagging sock-weight cashmere yarn I'm using to knit a baby hat. Totally useless."
"I picked this set up when I was just starting out. The set was under $40 at the time I purchased it, and at that price it's worth it to someone who isn't sure if this is a hobby they will stick with. I've always had trouble sticking with hobbies, so I didn't want to invest too much money in this just to stop using it in a month. I had no problem knitting a shawl with it, but if you are using it for magic loop or anything that requires cable flexibility, this is not the set for you. The needle tips are nice and sharp enough to get into tight stitches. I upgraded to the Chiaogoo set which I will link at the end, and it's definitely worth spending the extra money if you can.&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/ChiaoGoo-7500-C-Twist-Red-Lace-Interchangeable-Set-2-75-10-0mm/dp/B00QXJP1QA/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">ChiaoGoo 7500-C Twist Red Lace Interchangeable Set, 2.75-10.0mm</a>"
Great set but cables are very short notice as advertised  is there any way to get longer cables. Good gliding though.
"Fast service, excellent product. I'm already using & loving these!"
Cables were too far from needle on one side of all them.  Would get yarn stuck every single time.  Had to return.
love these needles....
"These are good needles. One set was discolored when they came but it is nothing that will affect there usefulness. You have to make sure and tighten the connection every once in a while or your tip may accidentally come off but, otherwise a good set of needles to have."
"This kit is very compact and contains almost everything needed for knitting.  The photo does not indicate that this is a zipper case and that the larger needles are in the other half.  It is very new for me, and I'm finding the nylon cables not as flexible as I'd like.  Some of the included accessories are stored in tight pockets making them somewhat difficult to remove for use."
pleased with my purchase
"I waited for a few months to really try these out and am glad I did to let the public know. I can't stand these. The needle points are so dull, the stainless steel needle paint comes off easily and you're left with a rough needle. The cables that are included are really stiff and your delicate yarn gets stuck on the  connections. I'd ask for a refund but know I payed for these in November. Please take my advice fellow new knitters. :-("
"I'm returning these needles....the joints where the cord attaches to the metal snags yarn, some of the needle tips are rough on the very first use, the joints come undone despite careful tightening, the cords themselves are awful...stiff etc. etc. etc. And a whole lot more. I'm totally disappointed and have ordered a much more expensive set. Don't wasteyour time and money on these cheapos!"
The kit doesn't have the cable lengths it says it does. Just wait till you get it so you don't end up with duplicate lengths like I did cause I bought more to increase with other cables then what it showed!
Product and service was awesome...
"I recommend this set to all my knitter friends.  It is important to  be sure to tighten the cable on to the needles with the included tightening key before casting on, which is something I did not know at first because there were no instructions. I found a short instruction video on-line, and have not had a problem at all.  I have knitted several hats with them, and I appreciate the ability to change needle size easily when a pattern calls for a change between rib and the hat patterns.  Also, the little envelope with the tightening keys has a connector to join different sized cables if you ever need to have a very long cable for a project.  The shortest cable I have been using seemed a bit stiff when I first used it, but soaking it in hot water for a while helped before my first project.  It's great to have this variety of needle sizes and cable lengths in a sturdy carrying case."
"Really, really disappointed with this product. The needles are constantly coming unscrewed. I always took care of them and put them back in the case and after 2 months several of the tips are almost unusable from light use. I have been using tape to try to keep them together but that is not even working anymore. Trying a different set."
Great set i use circular needles for everything now i have most sizes and different length
"Very affordable. For an advanced beginner, these are great. The paint on the needles has written off already with heavy use, but I'm happy.
Wish the needles themselves were shorter do I could get away from using Don for some things, like if they had a smaller than 16"" circular.

But I digress... These do the job. I'm happy with them. The case is very nice also. Easy to bring along."
Excellent set for the price. Only thing that would make it better would be if the needles were angled slightly.
Some improvements can be made.
"Saw the exact set at the local arts and crafts store for more than I purchased on Amazon, I knew the product was what I wanted and was able to save money."
"Awful, awful, awful.  Joins come undone, kinked cables, metal on join breaks when tightened too far but if you don't tighten that tight the join comes apart.  Smallest needle is smaller than parts on the cable- useless.  Upgraded to a hiya hiya set an never looked back."
"Great, always wanted a complete set.  Didn't like having to join two cords to make it long enough for my project but it has stayed together just fine. Totally worth the wait."
Hands down the best gift I got my wife. she keeps better track of this thing then she does her phone and keys.
Perfect.
"I am a beginner, so I'll just get that out of the way.  However, in my bumbling hands these feel pretty good.  Had a bit of trouble switching from wood ones I was using before, but that's the nature of metal needles.  The only true issue I found with these were that they do at times become unscrewed.  Otherwise, I'm a big (yet inexperienced) fan!"
Super fun to use!
"Stiff cables, gets twisty and awkward. Otherwise good product, never had the problem a needle of unscrewing from the cable by itself. I use the keys and the rubber pads to fasten the cables securely to the needles."
I would not recommend this. I've only had it a few days and have already broken three cords and a screw from one of them is firmly embedded in one of the size 8 needles. There is no excuse for this.
"I loved the idea of having a complete set of round knitting needles and was super excited to receive this kit. The needles have a nice finish and the accessories that it comes with are great. The only downside is that the sizes of the cables is misleading as it tells you the lengths of the actual cable instead of what they would be with the needles themselves, so when I needed a 12"" round needle it measured out to be 16-18"" depending on the needle. Of course, that may be a rookie mistake on my part, but just wanted to mention this for those like me that are looking for shorter round needles."
I was extremely hesitant to purchase anything such as this online but I'm very glad I did. Excellent product!
I can't wait to start knitting with these needles. Finally all my needles in one place and easy to get to. The only problem I have is that I received three number 4 needles and only one number 5 needle.
Comes with all the sizes you need and they are great quality.
Nice replacement for an old set.
Love the ink
Best price you'll find online for these. Great that this comes with so many needles but the connector cables suck! They pretty much always want to stay twisted and this makes it hard to knit with. I got these because I needed circular knitting needles but I honestly don't use this kit at all because the connectors and cables constantly become untwisted from each other and the needles. I'd have to always stop every so often to check  them. Plus side is that this comes with a nice case and the needles are color coded. That's about it.
love this product. nice color and easy to use.
"I bought this set to just have all the sizes. However using this set im not sure that I will being using it for larger projects ever again. They come in screwed which once you get used to tightening them up its not so bad. But until I realized what was happening i dropping about 40 stitches ouch...  :( than 80 rows later in  blanket I'm working my cable and my went to place the stitches back in and where my cable meets the needle it snapped into two making both peaces not usable anymore and dropping more stitches.
So yes, I'll use my set for small projects maybe or I may just not. I can't handle the stress of not knowing my work is safe on the needles."
"I had seen many good and bad reviews on these needles before I bought them but I decided to try them since it had so many needles, cords, etc. So far I have really liked these. This kit has needles from size 2 - 15 so 13 sizes total. It comes with 4 cord lengths plus additional connectors so you can create different lengths which is nice to be able to customize. It also came with 4 stoppers for straight needles. A rubber pad & key for attaching cords. The needles are short (4"") too, which makes it comfortable to hold (I prefer short needles). I also love that the case is compact but roomy enough to throw my measure tape, scissors, crochet hook & sewing needle in it easily so if I'm traveling I can have it all together. I read a lot of reviews about the cords being too stiff & that they come unattached easily from needles. They were stiff but easy fix: dip them in boiling water a few seconds at a time till they are flexible enough for you. If you use the key & rubber pad to attach needles they don't really come loose at all, I have had them come loose on 1 side once or twice but never fully disconnected & that was on longer projects or times that I did a lot of twisting of the cord from cramming it in project bags etc. Just keep an eye on it & you won't lose your stitches from a disconnect. I did break a key tightening a needle so careful with that but the set came with 2 so I am more cautious with this one! If that one breaks I'm sure I could use a small sewing needle or something as a replacement.
**Some things I would improve:**
*I do wish the stoppers would attach straight to the needle too for small projects.
*It would be nice if the needle size was stamped on the actual needle somewhere.
*If the keys were a little more durable."
"This is an attractive set, the needles are a nice texture, I thought I liked it very much.  But I am 1 skein into the first sweater I am knitting with it, and the needle just separated from the cable.  I thought it had come unscrewed.  No. It broke, with the screw in the needle.  The needle is ruined, the cable is ruined.  Un-useable.  Incredibly cheap.  I want a replacement, but they say it's already past the point when I can return it.
I don't recommend this!"
Very nice product
"This set was the right price for a beginner and allowed me to explore a huge variety of projects without investing too much money on tools. However, I find that the needles and cables unscrew so frequently that it really interrupts my work. Such a shame because in every other way this kit was great. Ultimately, I find myself buying replacements so I can knit without interruption. Not worth it!"
Nice color
"Great set of needles for beginners! Easy to attach. I've made hats, scarves, blankets with this set. There's only one problem: because aluminum is a soft metal, the ends that screw on can warp a bit if you accidentally screw them on too tight. This was a huge problem for me because my yarn started to snag to the point of breaking the yarn in the middle of a project."
I am a very infrequent knitter.  I will knit a project and not pick up another project for years.  Because of this I feel like a beginner each time.  I have had this product for a while but this is the first time I have used it.  I will give it 3 stars based on the fact that there is a large number of needle sizes and cable lengths in a convenient case.  I do like metal needles so that is another plus.  What I find I don't like is the rounded needle point.  I have a harder time getting the needle into the next stitch.  As opposed to needles that I have with a point on the end which is much easier for me.  While knitting the cable separated from the needle and I dropped quite a few stitches before I realized it.  I can correct this by checking the needle/cable connections at the end of every row but this seems like an added step that I have to remember.  Some people do not have this issue so it may be the way I knit that somehow twists the needle and loosens the connection.
Hard to beat Boye.
"I haven't used this set for long, or even for circular knitting yet. But I have knit half an asymmetrical shawl and a few swatches. I really enjoy using them so far. I love having all the sizes I need. I haven't had the needles loosen up on me yet either. I would definitely recommend investing in this set. Especially as a beginner set. And I would definitely recommend buying it on amazon as I purchased it here for $32. I've seen the same one at the craft store for $70, and the big box store for $80.  Even with the coupon it's a better price online."
purchased this as a Christmas gift for my sister who is very much into knitting. She likes that she can easily change the needle size without having to buy a new pack for each diameter.
"This was inexpensive, but I thought I would get everything advertised. Package did not include size 2 needles."
Was skeptical to purchase based on some of the reviews. So far they are great. Every now and then I tighten the needles but it doesn't bother me. Would recommend!
"This set is amazing. I was hesitant on purchasing a circle set as I own a dpn set already, I though I was good with just that till I made the choice to buy this.
And boy was I glad I did.
Every piece fits onto everything perfectly, the colors are great tones. The wires are perfect lengths and the connectors work great.
Pro tip, always use the little tightening key and grip paf.
I learned the hard way that those are heaven sent, haa"
"convenient and easy to use.nice case, have used it for several projects already. there are a couple things i dislike, i'd like for the sizes to be stamped on the needles and i'm getting some snag at the connection points"
"I would not recommend purchasing this interchangeable circular knitting set, because I have had it for about a year and two of the cables have broken in my needles making it so that I can't use the cable or the needle anymore."
"I LOVE this thing. The metal needles make it easy to move my stitches about, and the connectors mean I am able to adjust the length of the cable. I admit I did not now about that feature when I first ordered this, but it's my favorite feature now. It is nicely organized and the needles are color coded so I don't have to look for matching needles they're all paired up for me. I still have no clue how those button stitch holders work or what the circular pad thing is for, but other than that, this kit is Great! HUGELY satisfied, and Highly recommend this for other knitting nerds."
"completed my interchangeable set,thank you for making it affordable."
"I have a preference for metal needles and I think this is a great beginner set! It has the most needle sizes available compared to other sets and all the notions to get knitting. Learning how to fasten the needles properly with the included keys was the hardest part for me as there are no clear instructions on how to use the set properly. At first I found the needles would come loose, but after I learned how to tighten them they work great! Of course they do come loose after extended use so re-tightening is a must. I'm not sure about the quality of the cables and the needle-cable join, I feel like this may wear out pretty fast with extended use. The cables as also standard Boye quality and not as flexible as I would prefer, but they still work fine. Overall, very happy with this set and you just can't beat the price!"
Wife loves it.
Nice set.
"I love this set, it's so beautiful and I love showing it off to people. I used it for the first time yesterday and found like one of the needle tops couldn't screw into the wire. It was also shorter than the other so it seems like the screw part was taken off. That's the only thing wrong with it at the moment. Good for the cheap price, I guess."
"These are great. I knitted a sweater with them and had the tip fall off the cable only once (caught it before I lost too many stitches). After that, I made sure that I tightened the cables every time I picked them up to continue knitting. After that, I had no problem. The tips and cables are smooth, but the joins are a little bumpy - which is the only problem I have found. The price makes up for this. While I would love to try Options or Knitter's Pride, the price is quite prohibitive."
A good investment. Now I have more circular needles to make presents for my family and friends.
I LOVE YOU!! J'ADORE C'EST TRS PRATIQUE!!!
I've been using this set for over 25 years. I've had to replace a couple of cables because I've lost pieces or cables got chewed by the dog. You can feel them loosen occasionally. But give them a small twist.
"Love it. It's perfect for me. The only thing is, I wish the wire wasn't so stiff. Color scheme matches my other needles by size, which is a bonus I did not expect."
"I haven't used it yet, so I don't know if it is easy to assemble or not. but I love the fact that it comes with a red bag and everything is organized and I love the colors and sizes. Great!"
great product for the price you pay.
a couple of the links were not posted straight and the links tend to come unscrewed during work
"Mys second set works great, after returning the first set due to defect of one cable that wouldn't correctly attach to needles. I would have liked instructions for all the pieces - none were included in either set, and I've seen printed instructions with sets my friends have."
"Super cheap and they came in the sizes that it indicated. I didn't know that they are not interchangeable with other needles are cords, but for the price, I'm perfectly happy with these."
Revolutionized my knitting.
I really like it
"Cords are horrendous, gave the set away."
"First, I have always really liked Boye metal knitting needles. They are so smooth and slick, and the tips are the perfect shape for me, not too sharp, but not blunt, either. The cables, however, are a different story. They are way too stiff and the transition from the cable to the connector is rough -- not so rough that it snags the yarn, but rough enough that the yarn doesn't slide smoothly over it. Not to mention that the cables occasionally come unscrewed from the needle tips. Other reviewers have found ways around the stiffness of the cables -- one took her needle tips to a gunsmith to have them re-tapped to work with Knitpicks cables, another made her own cables out of weed whacker line. I tried making the weed whacker cables with limited success. I had trouble getting the joins sanded smooth enough, so they weren't any smoother than the rough Boye cables. The weed whacker cables also lack the slot for the tightening tool, so they come unscrewed fairly easily.

Then I found Chiaogoo cables (http://www.amazon.com/ChiaoGoo-Interchangeable-Knitting-Needle-7514-S/dp/B00C1QO3AE?ie=UTF8&psc=1&redirect=true&ref_=oh_aui_detailpage_o08_s00)
and connectors (http://www.amazon.com/ChiaoGoo-Cable-Connectors-Small-2-Pkg/dp/B00RGFX7ZM?ie=UTF8&psc=1&redirect=true&ref_=oh_aui_detailpage_o09_s00).
The ones that are sized for ""small needles"" fit the Boye needle tips perfectly. However, the screws on the Boyes are English (I think they're 2/56) and the screws on the Chiaogoo are metric, meaning they screw in nicely up to a point, and then get harder as the threads deform slightly. This acts kind of like a lock washer, making it very difficult to come unscrewed by itself, but it also means you don't want to take it apart and put it back together repeatedly. My solution was to get a set of connectors for each pair of needle tips and leave them permanently attached -- you can even add a drop of super glue if you want to be sure that it's permanent. This has the added benefit that I now have slots for the tightening tools on both sides, the needle side and the cable side. I have now done several projects and have not had any connections come undone on me, plus everything about these cables is incredibly smooth, and the cables come in many different lengths. In the attached picture you can see my needles, with the permanently attached connectors, next to the Chiaogoo cables.

I am now really happy with my needles -- too bad I had to go through this much to get a set that finally works so well!"
"14 inch cable that came with it, the cable where it attaches to the metal threaded part snags the yarn."
"Good general set of needles, especially for a newbie. I got this set as an alternative to plastic after having an allergic reaction to my nickle-plated ones. HOWEVER, while the needles are aluminum and the cables are plastic coated, the connectors on the cables are nickle. Will be sending back."
Love my crochet set! I crochet with them everyday! They are portable  so I'm prepared where ever I go
"I like the needles, but the cable fall apart in middle of knitting which is really uncomfortable when knitting a shawl or sweater."
"Love the color!  The only problem I've found with the these pads is the soft inky part comes unglued from the plastic after awhile.  Still, it's a good pad."
Good collection.
"As other reviewers have mentioned, I occasionally have issues with the needles loosening from the cables.  I have to make sure I'm very diligent about tightening them.  Since I'm aware of the problem, and monitor it while I'm working, it hasn't caused any major issues.  I find the quality for the price to be great, though overall the set isn't perfect (hence the 4 stars and not 5.)  But, for my needs it is working quite well.  I'm really happy to have all the variety now, and to be able to expand my knitting projects!"
Unfortunately my needles were not in the best of shape. The #2 tip were bent and I couldn't even get my #4's on the cable because they were bent. I was able to fix them well enough to use but I was very disappointed.
"I think I can make an unbiased review here because I have used my set for 25 years.  I have never had room for complaint, although I have had the points come slightly unscrewed but that was because I was too lazy to use the key to tighten them.  I have used the rubber handgrip for them, however. Use the key, folks.  No problems.

After all this time, the threads on the cable tip of the small cable I use most often became stripped.  I didn't think I could find a new one, as the contact info that came with the set was no longer valid (geez, it had been 25 years!).  But I was excited to learn that I could get them after all through Amazon.

Now I have started looking at the expensive Addi needles which are supposed to be the best and to knit faster and smoother than aluminum ones. Also have a ""click"" system so needle tips don't have to be screwed on (and tightened).  I am going to order a set and see what I think.

But I can wholeheartedly recommend this set for any level of knitter.  It is not just for beginners.  If you get to the point (haha) that you feel the need to upgrade, research carefully.  I bought some of the KnitPicks wooden ones and didn't like them because they were slower and had quality control issues (although KP was great in sending replacements).  I finally returned them and have decided on the Addis. I hope I haven't ""screwed"" up!"
Color not as shown. Looks more light blueish/grey in person
"Break easily.  Not happy! Well, wife is not happy, so I am not happy!"
Horrible Needles  the cable is so stiff they are almost impossible to use  I returned this  set the day after I received then.  But Amazons return policy could not have been easier or faster.  Someone recommended the Addi Rocket circular. Awesome!!!
Happy with mailing and item.
"This is my first set of interchangeable circular needles and so far I'm loving them.  I do a lot of sock knitting with circular needles and found that when I would work on a project requiring my larger sized, straight needles I wasn't comfortable with straight needles anymore (kept poking myself in the eye, the non-working end would get caught in my shirt, etc.), so I bought these so I'd have an array of circular needle sizes for multiple projects.  I have (so far) had no issues with the needles staying screwed to the cords, the cords are pliant enough to not get in the way and the carrying case keeps it all labeled and organized.  So far I am very pleased with this set."
it is just what it was advertised as being of good quality
"All the pieces are great, except that one of the cables is not well connected with the metal part and I cannot fix it. It has been very disappointing because the yarn always gets damage or stuck in there. I wish I have used this cable before so I can return this product or at least get that particular cable again"
"It's really sad to see how poor the quality of Boye products has become. I bought this set because I wanted a large range of needle sizes in a small case to take with me when I knit away from home. The first set I bought, had 2 needles with deep gouges in them, was missing a cable, and the case didn't zip completely closed because of the way it was sewn in. I exchanged it for another set. That one had some weird sticky substance on several of the needles, and the size 2's were rough and had a few sharp bumps on them. There's no way sock yarn was going to slide down those things. They also had a kind of mottled, corroded look to them. I took that set back to the store as well, and apparent glutton for punishment that I am, I exchanged it again for ANOTHER one. Today, I unzipped the case and the zipper slider broke into 2 pieces and fell off in my hand, rendering the zipper useless. I have had the set for all of 2 weeks.

I don't think it's possible for them to use cheaper, chintzier, materials. From the case, to the needles, to the cables, it's all junk. The case is plastic, and all the tools inside are held down with loops and pockets made out of pieces of thin, clear vinyl (the kind my grandma used to put over her tablecloths to protect them). The cables are rock hard and stiff, and there are only 4 included in the set. I have an old set of (really nice) Boye needles with soft cables that came with 5. The needles themselves don't compare in quality to the old ones. I'm debating whether I should return this set or not. If I do, it'll be for a refund. I won't be wasting any more of my hard-earned cash on rubbish.

When Boye sold the company to Wilton, they should have not allowed them to keep using the ""Boye"" name unless they agreed to keep the quality up on their products. Now all they're producing is inferior, made-in-China crap."
"One end that screws into needle broke, seems little flimsy"
I bought this for a daughter in law she just loved it .......Well that is what she told me so that is all I can go on.
"I love the idea of this set but it arrived with no instructions and upon measuring the needles I found that there where several duplicate sizes and it was missing some sizes altogether.  I tried to connect several cables to knit in the round.  The connectors and needles keep coming apart and the connectors catch in the work.  It's a great idea but it needs quality control and some smoothing out. I also don't like that I have to order the needles that didn't come with the kit by snail mail, pay for them again, hope they send the right sizes and I have no way to contact them to resolve the issues. No email or web site.  Just a mailing address."
"It is exactly as described.  NIce case and all the sizes I need. Some have complained about the needles coming loose from the cable.  This does happen however, just take a second to check on each row and there will not be a problem.  I and my fellow knitters feel the this product is a bargain. Will be getting lots of use from these needles!"
No regrets. Should have invested in this set early on and saved myself some grief and pain. It's perfect for the casual knitter.
Needles and cables come unscrewed while knitting. Have to tighten quite often with tightening tool.
She loved it. Thats all that matters.
I have to send my set back. I've tried to use them and they've come apart too many times to justify keeping them. It's a major pain when your needle becomes detached from the cable right in the middle of a row of stitches. Also the yarn catches on the part where you connect the needle to the cable and its a chore to move the stitches past that point. I think my set was used and returned because one of the cables looks like it has glue or something on the threads and won't accept a needle on that end because the threads are ruined. It's was a nice idea but needs some fine tuning.
"I like the feel of these needles when knitting, easy to slip stitches from one needle to the next, just wish the circular extensions were softer and more plyable, other than that this was a great buy for me"
"Love this set -- good quality, rarely snags (just have to make sure to keep the tips tightly threaded), gives you tons of flexibility to take on different projects!"
"I received this set as a gift for Christmas in 2013 after having wishlisted it for several years. I was attracted to the fact that these needles are interchangeable and I could have whatever size I needed available in the proper length wire.

The needles come in a convenient storage case which zips up to hold and protect the needles. It is made of poor quality and the stitching on my case came undone within the first couple of weeks after opening the packaging on this item. Needles slip into plastic ""loops"" inside the case adn they do NOT tend to slip out of these loops, which is nice. The wires are held around the outer space of the inside pocket of the case and a pocket holds the ""bits"" (the keys and the ends).

This system comes with needle sizes 2-9 along with end caps for the wires (which allow you to lengthen the needles but use them as straight needles -- no idea why anybody would actually do this instead of knitting back and forth on circulars, but they're there) and a key for tightening the needles into place. Since I never used the other pieces in the kit, I'm not actually sure of their function.

The wires are particularly stiff, though this is something that I expect from the Boye circular needles (most of the ones I've purchased have issues with the wire, and now I buy my needles from Knit Picks), but I did find that they fastened into the needles securely if I was careful. Unfortunately, lower-quality yarns (which I often use) caught on the join where the needle and the wire met with one another. Again, this is typical with Boye needles

Color on the aluminium does chip away a little bit with use, and these wear out fairly easily.

I recommend any needles by Addi or that the shopper look at Knit Picks' options for interchangeable needles.

ETA: Try these&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/addi-Click-Turbo-Basic-Interchangeable-Circular-Knitting-Needle-System-with-Exclusive-Blue-Cords/dp/B0054D9U2C/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">addi Click Turbo Basic Interchangeable Circular Knitting Needle System with Exclusive Blue Cords</a>"
"However, I'm disappointed in that the Size 9 needlepoints are missing.  There is a slot included for them, they just simply are not there...."
Greater starter set for a beginner. Still have mine and use it as a supplemental set. Downside? Cords are a little stiff but true for any of this price range. Suggestion someone gave me - Boil some water and drop them into the water for about 4 seconds and then pull right back out. Let them cool just enough to handle and them manipulate them back and forth and they'll become more flexible.
Great for travel
"I've seen this same exact set advertised at much higher prices on other sites. It's really easy to use - just tighten the needles and cables with the included grippers and metal inserts. Also use them to loosen the pieces when you're done with your project. I've knitted entire afghans without any problems. The color on the needles does wear off where the needles hit each other as you knit, but it's a minor issue with a great product!"
"Love all the needles included in this set, but beware, the cable lengths advertised are not what are included in the package.  They are much, much shorter."
"This item description says it is a kit that includes 8 sets of needles with 20"", 24"", 29"", & 36"" cables, but the kit I received is completely different.  I received a case with 13 sets of needles and my included cables were 12"",14"",16"" & 21"".  The kit itself is good quality, but my reason for ordering the kit was to get the longer cables. There are connectors if you want to attach more than one cable together, but yarn catches on the connectors and if a connector came apart while knitting, it could be a major pain, so connecting two cables together is not a good substitute for a single cable.  I've let Amazon know and asked them to update the item description.  I don't feel it was a mistake since other reviews have commented on the same thing.

ETA:  Amazon responded in a favorable manner, as they always do so hopefully the listing will get updated soon.  I do want to add that I attempted to knit with the 12"" cable and the threads on one end were not even, so none of the needles will screw flushly onto the needle, so it can't be used because the yarn catches where the gap is (I've attached a pic).  I've sent an email to Simplicity and hopefully they can quickly send a replacement cable.  Will update when/if I hear back.

ETA:  Simplicity/Wilton has sent a replacement cable for the 12"" defective one.  I will try it out on my next small knitting project.  I updated the star rating."
"I got this set as a gift for myself when I vowed to learn how to knit. I tend to go gung-ho when I find a new crafty hobby I want to sink my teeth into, so I went ahead and bought this comprehensive circular needle set on the insistence of my more advanced knitter friends who advised that 1) I would absolutely need circular needles and 2) that I would save money buy not buying a ton of individual circular needles.

Pros:
These needles are so pretty! They make you want to knit. :)
There really are a ton of sizes, so any project you pick up, you are pretty much guaranteed to have the right sized needles.
The cables can actually be linked together to form an enormously long cable if you need them.
I haven't had any issues with the yarn getting caught on or fuzzed up by the aluminum needles.
I love the carrying case that keeps everything all organized and easy to find. If I didn't have this case I would never have a matching set of needles because they would be strewn in my never ending ""Craft Drawer.""

Cons:
There is nothing. NOTHING. more frustrating to a new knitter than finally getting halfway through your first project to have the cable unscrew and pop off your needle. As a new knitter, this happened to me and I was devastated, because I had no idea how to pick my work back up yet and fix the problem. Ugh. I had to start over and keep obsessively checking the connections each time I started a new row. So, word to the wise: the connections like to unscrew! I started putting masking tape around the connections when I started a new project.

Related - when the connections would start to unscrew a little, my yarn would get caught on them and fuzz a little.

All in all, this set is an excellent gift for a beginner or intermediate knitter, and really encourages you to pick up and knit! I just wish the connections were a little more snug. :)"
u only need this pack
These work great a reasonable price especially for a begining knitter. The needles are nice an light and the yarn easily slips across the metal needles and does not get hung at all over the interchangeable portion which i was a little concerned about. they come in a small case which holds everything very well. So far I'm very happy with them.
"Make sure you use the ""key"" to tighten the ends on, otherwise they will come undone while you are knitting. Very nice set, glad I bought it!"
"This set was given to me as a Christmas gift and I'm very much enjoying using it. The colors are beautiful and it is nice to have everything organized and interchangeable. I'm very new to knitting, but I love it and hope to continue to a very long time. It's a great kit for a beginner, but I will be replacing with something else in the next year or so.

The downsides...I have to tighten the connection between the cable and the needles every few minutes. It becomes very frustrating and I feel should have been fixed by now since customers have been mentioning the same problem for years."
I got this last Christmas to have a spare set of interchangeables.  They work fine for my needs.  I have no problems changing the needles or with my yarn getting stuck.
"an awesome set, so fine, lovely case, very well put together. at first i saw the plastic peices and was doubtful, but as long as you take care of these parts there should be no issues. plastic on the metal will be more sturdy than metal on metal."
"I got an old ""vintage"" Needlemaster a few years ago and absolutely love it. I was so excited to get a new shiny one!
However, the new ones aren't made the same.
The cords are total crap. The metal part (that is inside the clear plastic) was sticking out on two of my cords. But I figured I could live with that since I don't use those lengths very much, and $35 is crazy cheap for this.
Like everyone says, the fit isn't super tight, so the needles do unscrew while knitting (the old ones are the same). But that's really not a problem-- just use some Teflon tape (like $1, can get in pretty much any took section). You can make the fit as tight as you want, and won't damage the threads at all (and it's removable).
Anyway, I set up my #5 needles with the 12in cord and started on my hat. However, a few rows in, it completely snapped. So the needle had a screw stuck in it, and the cord has no screw.
Honestly, I could live with most of the stuff wrong. But when it snapped, that's completely unacceptable. Connecting needles to cords is pretty much the main function of interchangeable knitting needles.
My advice: get the $37 one instead (looks mostly the same, but the case is pink). Those cords are just like the old Needlemaster (which are good quality and I've never had a problem with)."
"I got these when I first started knitting and didn't know any better. The needles unscrew from the cords very very frequently (once every 10 rows or so), even after using the special tightening tool. Also, don't be fooled by the inclusion of smaller needle sizes. You can't use them. The connection between the needle and cord is thicker than the US size 2 or 3 needles. The cords and connectors are stiff and snag the yarn (both where the cord and needles connect, and on some random areas of the cord that for some reason rough and/or scratched. Save yourself the frustration and dropped stitches, and spend just a little more money on a better set!"
"I love that this is interchangeable. I use it for all of my knitting projects (except those requiring double pointed needles). The only problem I've found is that the edges tend to be rough where the needles connect to the loop. I've had to file them down so that they don't catch the yarn. Once I've done that, however, they work great."
"I don't actually have this kit (it is on my wish list), but have several Needlemaster cables and needles.  The cable sizes I use the most are the 12"" and 16"" which I bought separately.  I have used the magic loop method, but like the shorter cables when I have the right sizes.  Yes, they will come unscrewed, but I just keep a watch on that, and don't really have a problem with it.  I prefer more limber cables, but work with these well.  All in all I think Needlemaster makes a great set for the price.  Price is important to me."
Great buy
Amazing ..!!! Best needles ever..!! Great price..!!
"Totally disappointed! The item i received visibly had damaged needles so I did not open or use it yet.
Maybe if simplicity would send me an undamaged item, I can make a better review..."
"They did at one time have a curve in the cable that made knitting smaller items easyer, do not have curve now hard to knit smaller items"
"I have been using this set for years (at least 10) and find it to be much better than the Denise plastic needle set. I have never had a problem with the needles becoming unscrewed from the cables, and find the flexibility of the set to be excellent. Of course, you can use them to knit in the round, but with the button end stops and using two cables, you can also use them to knit like straight needles, without the annoyance of the ends of the needles sticking out (more comfortable in your lap, and a definite plus on an airplane with tight seating). While I prefer the sound made by bamboo needles, I always end up using these for my projects because they are metal: with less friction, the yarns move more easily on the needles, and my knitting is faster and more even. I have used these for heavy wool sweaters and fine lace work, and they work well for both."
"I love this kit. I just love it. The pieces interchange quickly and effortlessly and the cords are sturdy. Some other folks don't like how stiff they are, so if you're like me and tend to prefer stiff circular needles, these ones are the way to go."
great item ...... just what I needed.  Came fast.
"After all these years of wanting this set (and thinking it was too expensive), I can't believe I finally own one.  The Amazon price was amazing.  In the stores it always seemed to expensive of a luxury to actually buy.  I now have ALL the sizes and unlimited combinations of circle size.  No more buying individual lengths and sizes and still coming up short when trying to work a pattern.  Good luck trying to find a neckline-sized circular needle for those patterns done in the round with chunky yarn - have NOT been able to find them separately in stores.  This is like the Cadillac of knitting equipment and I am so excited that I finally have this set.  Comes in a red leatherette zipper case, no less.  Cadillac product indeed.
Here is the missing full-view shot of the contents, which shows ALL sizes of needles are given, including the big ones (10, 11, 13, and 15).  The posted product photos had only included the smaller sizes.  note: The sizes originally shown, made it look like only 8 sizes were included."
", size nine"
Cheaply made
Cable lengths not as described. Disappointed.
"I like the metal interchangeable knitting needles. It's the cables that come loose while knitting my 126 stitch count shrug. It kept doing that after every row I knitted! I wished the kit came with longer cables, then all I'd have to worry about is the cable coming away from the knitting needles, instead on in the middle, where it interconnects to make a longer cable. I won't recommend this set for multi-stitches projects, that require interconnecting cables to accommodate your knitting project. You waste time trying to put the stitches back on the cable, every time the cable connectors unscrew loose! The cable has came undone from the interchangeable knitting needles, too. If this kit came with longer cables, I can deal with making sure cable stays connected to the interchangeable knitting needles, after every row knitted."
"The wife always wanted a set like this and was very happy to unwrap it. So far, she hasn't made any negative comments about any part of it and uses it daily."
My set didn't have a size 4 needle.  It came with 2 size 5 needles.
"I am very pleased with my needlemaster kit :)! I haven't had any problems with the cables staying in place or anything of that sort. I give this product a 10/10
I got my kit pretty quickly as well, and it was wrapped with extreme caution.
Thank you"
"This set is amazing because it includes all the needles sizes you could imagine needing.  They're all interchangeable with the included cables and there are more cables that you can purchase. This is all priced cheaper that you would probably spend on all the individual sizes and cables lengths if not in the kit. However there is a blatant issue. Being interchangeable, there is a tendency to unscrew from the cables as you knit. If you're mindful of this it shouldn't be too much of an issue. I have never had the needle actually disattach itself. The screw are quite long so there shouldn't be too much fear but the yarn will snag with even the slightest space between cable and needle."
Great product.
"Good quality, but I have a hard time getting used to using these.  I prefer separate needles."
"This is a set I have purchased for myself a couple of times--so bought it for my sis-in-law for her Bday--She's not thrilled--as she has never NOT worked without her straight needles. Me, I can't live with out these!!"
"Best price around!  Even with a 55% off coupon at a craft store the Amazon price was still cheaper!  Love the needles, they work very well."
"I've had this set for a few weeks now.  For the most part, this is a great starter kit.  However, in retrospect, I wish I'd spent the extra money for something better.  The needles are nice...they are pretty and they are metal.  Everything you need comes with this kit.  My only real problem with this kit are the cables which, unfortunately, I use with almost every project even if it doesn't require the IC.  This is because I don't like using longer straight needles and really don't want to invest in more needles.  This is why I bought the kit to begin with.  Now, all cables are somewhat stiff, but I previously had purchased a trial kit from Knitter's Pride and their cables are MUCH better.  These cables are SO stiff, they truly hinder the work.  I've tried using the hair dryer...I've tried holding them over heat on the oven (carefully!).  These methods certainly make them more pliable...for about as long as it takes me to screw my chosen needles on.  Then, they're stiff again.  Additionally, (and probably not too surprising) the cables are not compatible with any other needles I've come across.  So, do some research and don't be afraid to invest.  I really like the Knitter's Pride I have, however, I only have sizes 6, 9 & 10.  Hate to buy anymore at this point but, then again, that's what Christmas is for, right?!"
"I just got this kit and it looks great, can't wait to use it. But a word of warning about the cable lengths... The four I got in the set were much shorter than indicated - only 12"", 15"", 16"" and 22"", not 20""-36"". The needles are only 4"" each, so I still cannot get close to 36"" without using the connectors. Unfortunately, I also ordered the ""add-on"" 16"" cable, because the description says that the shortest cable is 20"". So now I have an extra 16"". Actually I suppose I might need it to add with a connector for a longer project since I didn't get the 36"". This won't make me return the kit, but I think the description should be updated if what is included in the kit has been changed."
The needles constantly came unscrewed when I tried to use them. I wound up returning them.
"Superb collection- easy to travel with, does not come unwound at the screw on point. Love it and would definitely recommend."
"Love that you can replacement parts, I have one from yarnology but couldn't find replacement needles for it when a set broke."
"I have made it my mission to knit something with every type of interchangeable needle on the market and these were my first set. Use the tightening tool and you will be OK.  Lovely to hold, enjoy the fact that they are color coded.  A really neat set!"
"My first interchangeable knitting set. I didn't know how to knit until I was in my 40's and taught myself. I was going on a trip with my husband in his truck and I knew this would be a great time to try and knit a baby blanket for a friend. It was actually pretty easy to use. The needles are smooth and easy to attach and change. You can connect the them together to make longer tubes, or attach the provided end caps to use like single needles. I tried an off brand bamboo set and wasn't impressed with them. So far I'm liking this set."
"For larger projects, this is a good product.  But for child hats and even some adult hats, the cables just aren't short enough"
"Great product, great price, fast shipping!"
Love these needles - just the size you need with many different lengths for large and small projects!
"Well, I already had a  couple of the knit picks interchangeable sets.  I was looking hard through multiple sets for one that had smaller needles sized us 2 and us 3.  Knit picks doesn't offer that option.  Sometimes aluminum is the best needle option and sometimes it isn't.  All of my summer knitting has been in linen and cotton blends so having these aluminum needle sets has really been a boon.  More than with wood needles you need to store you stitches against an an protector as stitches just glide off these needles.  I have broken wood needles, but I have yet to break an aluminum one.  So, I can see holding on to and using these for a long long time.  Its's a really nice assortment of needle sizes in a convenient case.  I did buy a few extra shorter cables, a 8 in and a 16 in also available here on amazon.  That is awesome to have the ability to purchase shorter or longer cable connectors. I really couldn't have asked for more.  I am very pleased with the quality and selection in this set."
Great
Nice needles and very flexible kit.  Has a lot in it and is a great value. Took off a star because instructions are not included  (had to find them online ) and needles are a bit slippery.  I definitely recommend you learn how to lock the needles and how to connect multiple cables to get the most from it.
These aren't mine I swear... but they work okay.
It's been discontinued... probably because the problem with the connectors being too thick for the yarn to slip through easily when you use the smallest needle (size 2). Other sizes seem to work okay.
Love them and what a great value
wonderful interchangeable knitting needles
Perfect for any type of knitting! Love these.
ITS AWESOME! best knitting tools ivce bought in a long time.
"Nice to only have one little pack of needles to carry instead of a bun have! Plus, I can change sizes easily"
U need to know how to use
"More than adequate but it's made in China with poor quality control.  The 21"" cable is defective and not usable.  Replacement parts are available for a reasonable price and with reasonable shipping."
"Great needle set, people have been complaining that they undo, they only do if you don't use the tightening tool. I have had no issues they are great very happy with purchase!"
"What you see is what you get.
I have had no problem with then coming apart. (there are little tools included for tighting) the case is great holds everything, plus I added finishing needles and a small pair of scissors.
Cheers
Very smooth, so if you usually use bamboo needles they may take some getting use to."
Convenient to have so many needle sizes in a small pouch. Would have given it 5 stars but 2 points were damaged & I had to call the manufacturer to replace them.
"I received an used but damaged item. The fake leather case must have been sliced when the box it was in was cut open. No wonder it couldn't be sold as new. By the way, I did NOT receive the item as pictured; I received the case in a padded envelope all by itself. Nevertheless, all the pieces inside were intact, which is what matters. I really like that Boye had upgraded the tips so that they all fit with the cables without needing the little screws (which tells you how long ago I had bought my original Needlemaster)."
"Purchased this on a deal of the day.  It is a great collection, and the sets I have used work great and don't catch or snag the yarn as I knit."
"I purchased this set back in the 70's, when it was sold in a garish gold vinyl zippered case.  It did not have as many needle sizes as this one.  I have since purchased other interchangeable sets, but always go back to the Boye Needlemaster.  I have never had an issue with the needles coming apart.  I keep the little key handy and tighten the joins every so often, just in case.  It is a simple thing to do if you are concerned about it.  The needles are smooth aluminum, no snagging or catching..  I use my set as flexible straight needles.  I have made several king-sized afghans all in one piece.  I love this set."
"This seemed a perfect way to have all the sizes I need in a compact packet...well; until inches into a shawl with a complex pattern, the damn thing came unscrewed. It took me much swearing to pick up the dropped stitches and I immediately went back to my old solid molded needles. Really needs some way to tighten beyond the rubber grip included to hold aluminum tip to tighten securely. Glue?"
"I purchased this based on the million positive reviews but I found it to be totally unusable.

These needles are constantly unscrewing and have ruined numerous projects. Additionally, the cables it came with a impossibly stiff.

I have arthritis and carpal tunnel and the stress this kit adds to my body isn't worth owning. Returning it and looking for a better kit."
These needles are horrible. I'm very disappointed with boye company. I would be careful before getting these.
"I have not had a chance to use the needles, as we left Honolulu on April 8, and returned on May 5.  However, they look very good to me, as they replace my previous set of interchangeable needles which were purchased in the 1960's, and the extensions were in poor shape, necessitating the purchase of a new set.  Thank you."
"I was very pleased with this set.  The only minor problem, which other reviewers have mentioned, is that the needles do tend to come unscrewed while you knit.  However, as long as you check them once in a while and screw them in tightly, it's not a major issue.
I've been using these for over a month and they've held up well so far (and I am known for breaking needles)."
"Great product, amazing for any knitter!"
"I am satisfied with the set I bought except that the cable lengths in my set are 12"", 14"", 16"" and 21"".  These are the same sizes as listed on the Replacement parts order form that comes with the needle set.  Although these lengths are what I would use a lot, I have to wonder why the description states a different set of cable lengths: ""...with cable lengths 20-inch, 24-inch, 29-inch and 36-inch, and travel case"""
"I love the inventiveness, simplicity, and intuitiveness of this product. I might have to buy the very few sizes that this kit doesn't have, but I no longer have to look for different sized needles that are circular or double points etc. Absolutely perfect and everything just fits together perfectly."
"Good for a first set of interchangeable needles, but the cables in this set are seriously awful. Do yourself a favor, buy a ChiaoGoo *small* connectors set and a ChiaoGoo *small* interchangeable cable. Those are the best cables and the connectors will allow you to hook the cable up to the needles in this set. The fit isn't perfect, but it works really well if you can't fork over the cash for a set of high quality interchangeables."
Cables fit on the needles well.
"They are great, only one circular line is long enough though for my knitting projects.  The other two that come with pkg are short and don't know how you would even be able to knit with them. but still you get all the different sizes of needles and good price."
"I gave these a four because although this set is a great deal, the knitting needles unscrew as you are knitting. So, if you can figure out how to avoid that, you can have a 5-star experience."
The cords are not as easy to bend as I would like them to be.  I had to file some plastic from the end of one that was catching on thread.  These things caused me to be slightly unsatisfied with the product.
Looooooved it!!!! It's a very simple concept and very useful tool. I 100% recommend this!
It's everything I wanted and more!
I absolutely love this!!
"I bought this product with advancements in mind. Circular needles can become very expensive and this price range suited my needs especially with being a beginner. Please take what I say with a grain of salt because of that fact.

WHen I got these I compared them to the bamboo needles I purchased and found the cords to be rather stiff. I can see why others have an issue with that. However, I already knew I had zero intentions of using the Boyce interchangeable cords. In fact I intended to make my own and did very easily with the help of this tutorial: http://www.craftster.org/forum/index.php?topic=360820.0 .

Now I have unlimited possibilities between all the gauges available in this package (and very nice case btw!) and the cords I am making on my own. I highly suggest this product with the intentions to make your own interchangeable cords. I cannot suggest the needles and the tutorial on making your own enough. I have saved so much money and I have what I feel are amazing needles with a very smooth glide for the yarn both with the needles and my own cords."
The size 7 needle broke the nylon cord after using it for 1 week. Returned it
"If you are serious about knitting, go with ChiaoGoo or Auddi Click. I watched youtube reviews to see the products in action before I invested $100-$150 on a set of needles.

HOWEVER, if you plan to purchase these as a gift for a young child or new knitter, I highly recommend them. They are great for beginners."
My wife loves it.
The attachments tend to unscrew themselves which is incredibly annoying along with the needles being very short. I am pretty unhappy about it and I'm trying to decide if I will return them - they were on sale and I don't even think they were worth their price
"While there are some downsides to this product, my overall experience with it has been positive. The needles do unscrew if you are not careful and I did have one break because I had left it to get tangled up in my knitting bag. With that said, the kit gives you a good variety of sizes and is a better deal than buying each pair of needles separately. I still enjoying using the rest of the sizes I have left, and would caution users to keep these needles stored outside of your project bag so pressure is not put on the connection part, which will cause it to snap.

For the price, it is worth getting and if you take good care of the set then they are sure to last you for a good while!"
Very disappointing.  I'm waiting for a replacement.  I hope that one isn't deffective.
I love having a complete set !
Very nice variety. You have to really tighten the fittings or it may come apart and you don't want that to happen.
Great concept but fails in the execution. Needles don't stay locked into place. I found it very frustrating to have to keep on checking the needles and screwing them back in because they kept loosening up. Tried tighten them several times with locking mechanism. Sorry! It just doesn't work!
"I am just getting started with these, but love the set. I wish I would've gotten it years ago rather than all of the old odds and ends I had."
"The packaging claims that the cords and tips are capable of making 20"" circular, and this is somewhat true.  The problem is that the tips are too long to knit circularly on a 20"".  Very awkward and messes up the gauge."
The needles disconnect from the cables.  The cables are very stiff.
"Overall good product, the only con/bad thing is that depending on your form/tension while knitting, the posts come unscrewed several times during projects I've done and have nearly led to dropped stitch disaster if I wouldn't haven't noticed prior to them coming completely unscrewed."
Very happy with product and service.
"I live in Canada.  Trying to get replacement parts for this item is almost impossible.  The cable broke on two of my projects and I find that no matter how tight I get the cable and the needle, they still get loose and I have lost many stitches by the cable and the needle coming apart.
The worst thing about this set is getting replacement parts or getting more parts.
I am really disappointed in this set and would not recommend it for anyone living outside of the US because of shipping regulations and the cost of shipping."
The needles unscrewed while I knitted and it drove me crazy. Also the wires were not has pliable as I had hoped.
Awesome set
I was ecstatic because it arrived Christmas Eve. It was a gift for my daughter. It contained all pieces and carrying case. Thank you so vert much!! All smiles. Very satisfied customer!! :-)
"This is an excellent set. I have had no trouble with the needle points becoming unscrewed during use, as long as I follow the instructions for tightening them. This set saved me a great deal of money. I am a beginning knitter, and spent about $30 (used a coupon at a local craft store) for this set, which includes a wide variety of needles. If I had purchased all of these needles individually, it not only would have been a hassle, but it would have cost much, much more. I highly recommend this set, especially if you are a beginner who is looking to buy your first needles.

The only downside I have noticed is that some of the needle points easily slide out of their spots in the carrying case. This is not really a big deal, though, since the case zips closed."
"WITH THE INCLUDED TOOL it is easy to attach tips to cable.  It is a smooth joint and stays tight.  If I lose the small tool I'm in trouble.
Storage case is adequate."
Great product! Love it!
"this set is wonderful, the needles are all interchangeable as stated, the only thing is you have to be somewhat careful because the threading end between the needles and the cables can snap off and leave you with a needle you can't use because the threaded portion of the cable is stuck within the needle itself"
I can't keep the cords and needles screwed together. They come apart and messes up what ever I am knitting.
"Great needle set! I like to make hats, but I hate using double pointed needles. This gives me all the size options I needed to complete all of my projects."
"I bought this as my first set of needles thinking it would be great for almost anything I wanted to do.  It is a decent set, and I prefer aluminum as the various yarns I've worked with seem to glide over them much easier than on bamboo.  My biggest complaint with this is the very feature that makes them multi-purpose - the interchangeable cable.  As a flexible straight needle they work fabulous!  As a circular needle they leave a lot to be desired.  If you hand tighten the cable will just loosen itself off your needle.  If you use the tool to tighten it down you risk flaring the connection end, which makes it difficult to pass the yarn over, and it still ends up loosening anyway.  Lesson learned, not more interchangeables for me."
"You do have to be careful to check the cables periodically while working, as they can loosen occasionally. Definitely have to use the rubber gripper and small tool to tighten the connections."
"The needles meet my needs, but the packaging/needle case is very awkward to use. It's hard to get the cables in and out, and the tool to tighten the connections is very difficult to un-stow. The plastic of the case is the type which prior experience indicates may tear within a few uses. I'll be pleasantly surprised if it doesn't."
Love these needles and for the price!?!?
"Love these needles... This is my third set.  My first set has lasted over 30 years... My second set was purchased at a garage sale.  This newer set has many improvements, the most notable being that there are no adapters required for the larger needle sizes.  I got this set at deep discount to replace some of my broken and worn out parts, but I can see that these will be my go-to needles with the older ones for backup."
"Arrived dry and very little pigment.  the stamp itself is very very small,"
For what they are they work great. Much better than bamboo in my opinion. Very great set for the knitting aficionado.
Very happy
"beautiful case, nice needles and cables. Lots of extras. A knitters dream"
"I was looking for an aluminum needle set.  This works great!  Keep in mind that you do need to secure the needles to the cable per instructions (extra tightening) or they will come unscrewed, but no problems so far.  And I like that they came with pieces so that you can just use them as longer straight needles. I even just used them for something small without the cables, I just put a silicon needle stoper at the end so the stit:hes wouldn't fall off.

Only thing, the packaging is misleading with included cable sizes.  I went ahead and bought a separate 12"" cable because it didn't seem to come with one.  Now I have two."
Bought this as a gift. Seemed to be as it should be.
"Although I haven't developed an affiinity for knitting in the round, as so many other knitters I know have done, I will say that this set, for those who like circular needles, is very complete and well-crafted. The cables fasten into the needle-ends smoothly, and I've been able to tighten them snugly even without the tools supplied in the kit.

As an aside, I do like cable-knitting, and I've found that I enjoy using a needle-end from this kit, in the appropriate size, in place of more conventional cable needles."
"The needles are pretty weak and easy to bend if you hold them to tight. I used to hold my needles too tightly when I was a beginner, that's how I know it bends the needles. Also my size 6 needles (which I use most) got ruined because I guess I must have tightened them too much, bending up the opening of the needle where it connects, so now it snags my yarn all the time.
I actually ended up upgrading to an Addi click set which is amazing and no doubt 20 times better than this set.
But for the huge price difference i definitely understand the quality being inferior. Other than my size 6 needles being ruined at the connection and some needles bending at a slight angle, the set is still like new over a year later. I tend to stick to my clicks for everything, but every now and then when I'm working on too many projects on my needles, I pull these out for a quick instant gratification knit and I have no complaints now that I've learned exactly how tight the connection should be (not too lose or it comes off and not so tight it bends) and to hold the needles loosely in my hand."
"Bought this as a gift some someone and they love it. The kit is incredibly expansive and has a massive selection of needles. If you like to knit, this a great kit for you."
The thing come apart as you are knitting I had to super glue than together
"Some people complain that these needles aren't as good as the expensive knitters pride or Addi sets. But i like these. They are easy to assemble and great to use. As far as what people are saying on here about them coming unscrewed they will, but if you use the grip pad and key it comes with it they stay tight and don't come unscrewed. For the price this is a terrific value and I am glad I chose this set and not another more expensive set. These are just as good as a more expensive set. Plus you get more needle tips than most others have in these sets (sizes 2-15 comes with this set) . Boye is a good company I have used there crochet hooks and Knitting needles for years, They have impressed again with this interchangeable set/"
Great product
I live it
"The needles come unscrewed, the cords are pretty stiff and they do not rotate, but it is a value set of interchangeables.  I was happy with my set until I bought the Takumi set and realized just how much more functional they were.  If you are on a budget or just starting out and not sure if knitting is going to be your main hobby, go with these.  If you are an avid knitter, there are much better sets available."
"2 of my needle size doesn't fit so i can't screw it with the cable...and If you knit tightly, the tip wears a lot and crashed. I prefer the Chiaogoo kit in stainless."
"I have been spoiled by some needles, so I do know better, having said that, I got these at an under $20 price. I knew they wouldn't be awesome, but I thought a great way to have extras in every size in one great case.  Instead, I'm finding the only way I'll ever use these is in a pinch.

At the ""permanent"" cable joint, it came apart mid project (on first use) and dropped a great deal of stitches. Then I had to struggle to get it back together.

On another cable, the screw broke completely off and are rendered useless.

Cables are not very flexible.  I did have to fight them a bit, but I figure I can stretch them after a hot water bath.  This is not my biggest complaint when the other problems were so much worse.

The joints do catch. Sometimes the catch is mild, sometimes, enough to slow you down until you fight the yarn past it.

You do have the ability to join cables to make one longer cable (for magic loop knitting, for example), but the joint becomes a 3 inch non-flexible part.  That creates many problems.

I did tighten the joints well with a key, and most stayed well through a hat project, but midway I did have one loose and took the opportunity to tighten others before more problems ensued.

Bottom line for me is that I'm not happy with them as is out of box.  I can super glue and modify joints to be smoother (maybe sand some down??).  For the awesome price I paid, I hope I will find them useful enough, however if I were paying the $60 I saw in store, I would have angrily returned them by now."
"I got my 1970's needlemaster from a yard sale and I've used them regularly for the past 10 years. The only thing that was missing was one of the cables. Needlemasters are still replaceable. I was able to get a replacement cord and adapters when I lost one. They are durable. I would recommend them to someone starting out. They offer a variety of sizes of cables and needles.

My only complaint with these needles is the stiffness of the cords. You can put them in hot water and it helps but you can't do the magic loop easily with these. If you plan on magic looping, these are not the needles for you but otherwise, I'd recommend them to most knitters."
"I almost LOVE these.  The only reason i'm giving it 4 stars is because a couple of the joins aren't totally smooth and i work with a lot of wool roving yarns, which catch on the join area.
Other than that, i use these all the time... instead of the long straight needles, i use these and just turn them.  love it.  takes up less space and i find them easier to work with."
"I was a fairly new knitter when I purchased these needles.  I didn't know what I didn't know.  After using these needles for a variety of  projects, these are my pros and cons.
Pros: Affordable, large range of sizes.  The needle tips are fine for my purposes, neither too sharp or too blunt.
Cons: The tips have come unscrewed from the cable if not well tightened with the key. Even after using the key, I need to check the join on occasion to avoid disaster.  The needle tips are not a standard size.  I measured them against other brands and they are larger, so I usually have to go down a size.  The biggest con is the stiffness of the cable.  I find doing the ""Magic Loop"" method very difficult with these. The cable wants to open wide, not bend in half so it causes ""ladders"" in small circular pieces, like sleeves and neckbands.

These are fine for larger circular projects and to be used as flexible straight needles, but I find myself in the market again for a set with better cables."
Case is cheap
got this for my wife and she loves it.
"Gave them away.  Join on three of the needles was turned up like a cuff which caught on everything.  Very cheap, not made for smooth knitting."
"I wish the cords were more flexible for knitting smaller items. If I had a chance to do it over, I'd buy a different set."
Item exactly as described. Quick delivery.
Was a great Birthday present
"Come unscrewed very very often and the cords are very rigid. I've had them about a year and I'm ready to pitch them and move on. If you don't knit often, or are new and not sure you want to spend the money for decent needles yet, these are passable and will work in a pinch. It will make the next needles you buy seem like a dream."
"I was given a 40-Piece Needlemaster Interchangeable Knitting Set about 2 years ago a a gift.  It was a nice gift but the problem with it was that the metal ends of the cables are bent at about a 15' angle, making the cable connection to the tips a ""hang-up spot"" when sliding your stitches along to work.  I finally gave up using the set for that reason.  When I saw  this set on Amazon I had to buy it along with an extra 12"", 16"" and 21"" cable and 2 extra 14"" cables.  This set has STRAIGHT cable ends and work smoothly and seamlessly when moving stitches to work.  They are almost like working with 1 piece circular knitting cables.  You don't even notice that the tips and cables are detachable.  If you are thinking about purchasing an Interchangeable Knitting set, this is the one for you.  Use caution and LOOK AT THE PICTURES to make sure the cable ends are straight and not bent. The price is more than wonderful as I have seen other sets for as much as $89.00.  Be sure to get the extra cables to make infinite combinations of cable lengths with your set.  You won't be sorry."
I was worried about if they would bend or not but I am in love with them!!
"This is a great beginner set.  I recently upgraded to Addi clicks because I got tired of having my cables come unscrewed.  But not everyone will want to pay ~$130 for a needles.  If you have not used circular needles give these a try.  It's a great price and  they knit  well.  I am about to give a set of these to a friend of mine that just started knitting.

Down side:  You have to break in the cables (soak in hot water) or they can be hard to use.  Also make are you check the join between the needle and the cable.  No matter how tight I got mine it still tended to come loose over time so always smart to check."
Plastic cord is quite rigid and the screw mechanism has a tendency to come undone if you don't really wrench it down but a good starter
"I have just started knitting and received this set as a gift.  I like having all the different sizes.  I've been able to use them as straight, round, and extra long round needles capable of doing the ""magic loop"" knitting.  I highly recommend them."
"A nice sized set with the full spectrum of tips from 1 to 13, and three cables that can be put together or used separately to create a variety of sizes.  The trouble with this set is that the joins are not clean, and come apart frequently and catch on the yarn.  When using this set, I usually have to tighten the joins after every round.  Not fun.  I invested in a higher quality set and now only use these when I need a size i can't find among my other needles."
"I love Boye's crochet hooks, so I bought this set when I decided to learn to knit, I do really like these needles, I use the key to tighten them and they are yet to come undone, I have however over tightened one pair which has caused the bottom to flair so the yarn catches...which is really annoying. Overall though as I said I do really like them and would recommend them."
"Such a great product for the price. I already owned one set and needed some extras, like more cord, etc., and it did not cost much more to buy a whole new set."
Easy to interchange.  I love the carrying case and the idea of having every size I need with me.
My sister is an avid knitter. She knits very tightly and has broken needles. I most say she hasn't done any damage to these needles.
"I saw this in my local JoAnn's for around $75, but I didn't want to pay that much.  Amazon had it for a cheaper price, and I am glad.  The kit works well for the most part.  I have had no trouble getting the needles to tighten when I use the key, but the metal part of the 21"" cord has come loose from the plastic part and made it so that my stitches bunch up when they get stuck in the gap it creates.  The other cords have done fine, but it's just annoying when they get stuck.  I probably wouldn't pay full price for this, but for the $25 I bought it for, it's not bad."
I had no idea which type of circular needles to purchase when I took up knitting. My mother-in-law recommend this set and I couldn't be happier. Great tools and easy to switch. LOVE!!
normally i'll use a small double pointed needle to do cabling but these cable stich holders are even better:) I would suggest having a finger nail file on hand when you use them for the first time to file off excess plastic left by the molds from when they where made. this is if you have to any way;) I hand too:)
"This reasonably priced kit worked very well for me.  I did not have any problem with yarn getting caught where the needle meets the adaptors.  And using the tightener I had no problem with the needle coming apart from the adaptors. You can make virtually any length circular needle with this kit.  Aesthetically, I liked the colored needles and the compact red zip-up carrier.  I recall another review mentioned that the needles were too tapered so it was hard to get correct gauge - I did not have any problem along these lines.  Overall, terrific product and terrific value!"
"This is a great deal for the money.  You get a lot more than it describes...needles, several cables, rubber grippers to tighten and much more."
"I'm a new knitter and had been looking at this item for months in the craft stores. I finally decided to buy it as the cost of a new set of needles for every project was getting a bit out of hand, and this allows for a wide range of use at the cost of 2 - 3 decent sets of needles or circulars.  I purchased he on Amazon for less than half the cost of the big craft stores including shipping.
These are very light weight and fast needles. The yarn just slides right over them. The set up is easy to put together and take apart, and while other reviewers have commented on the yarn getting snagged at the joint where the needles and cord attach, I haven't found this to be a problem unless the needle point was unscrewing or I was pulling my stitches too tight on the needle while knitting. So the latter has broken me of a bad habit, and the former problem can be avoided by using the key and tightening the set up properly.
The flexible straight set up is great for knitting in tight spaces (bus, planes, subway). No poking the person next to you with the blunt end of the needle.
I find that I can knit longer without my wrists and fingers getting sore due to the light weight. Using the flexible straight needle set up took a lot of stress off my wrists and finger joints which had been swelling when I knitted for long periods of time.
I looked at more expensive, and prettier sets made with fancier materials (stained and luxury woods), but these were by far the most versatile. A great buy for the money. And if you travel and like to bring your knitting along, the organized container the kit comes in is perfect. Keeps everything together and easy to access in a compact space."
"Since the set I had used for 45 years had worn out, I ordered this as a replacement, and it is even better than the one I had used originally."
works as advertised.  it does what it is supposed to do.  easy to use.  I had no problems changing tips.  It knits!
"This is a great interchangeable knitting set.  If I could give it more stars, I would! I am using it on several projects ( you can use different size needles and different cords at the same time) and I am totally satisfied with it.  I can't compare it to any other sets since I haven't used any others, but they would have to go far to beat it.  I also was delighted with the price since, locally it was over $60.00 and I got it for less than $30. Can't beat that as a plus."
"And they're freakin' dirt cheap too. I seen a set just like it at Jo-Anne's and it was like 80 frickin' dollars. I have no idea why they're so cheap but I'm not going to argue.

I use them every day."
I love circular needles but really hate storing them as they get all tangled and messed up. This is the ideal solution -- plus you never have to go looking for the other needle if it gets dropped and you can never lose it.
"I bought these awhile back and just completed my first project using them, a tank top.  They worked great.

I thought I didn't need to follow the directions with the extra tightening using the little key and holder, I was wrong and it started to come unscrewed which was no fun.  However once I did take the time to do as it told me I had no issues.  The yarn slipped over the needles and the cable with no issue.  And its nice having all the sizes in the nice case.  I also picked up some extra cables in varying lengths to be ready for whatever struck my fancy.

Overall great set and I would recommend to anyone.

Update 11/7/2014 - Dropped to 4 stars - I have had some issue with some parts not fitting together well, the needle just won't screw onto the cord and fit properly.  Most of the parts work, but it makes it difficult as you only have two of each needles and unless you bought lots of extra cables, one of each of those.  I have been able to use different size cables to work around it, but it still should all fit together"
The service and the price were excellent and product is much better than anticipated I am really pleased with the set.
I love this set. It takes up less room than regular needles and has all the sizes I usually use. I have used it a lot since I got it and expect to use it much much more.
Great case of needles to carry with you.  These are always my go-to needles when I knit hats and want to store a piece of knitting on a cable.
"I just started knitting in December 2013, and I simply love these needles.  I have knitted 6 hats in the past month with these needles.  I wish that it came with a cable needle though."
Assembly is easy and they're easy to use.  I love the case that keeps all the little pieces from getting lost and keeps the needles organized.  The cables seem sturdy and the metal fittings make me confident that it won't rip out from the needle in the middle of a project!
"This is a really useful set if you need different sizes and intend to do round knitting. The needles are in metal, easy to use, but they keep unrolling in the bound between the metal and the plastic chord. I used a lot to see one of them start to crack in the sharp point (what will happens eventually with other needles anyway). Overall is a good set, just wish it was cheaper, however, if you buy them separate it would get expensive."
ends fall off
"This is my first set of interchangeable needles, and having used them, I wouldn't buy them again. I need a 16"" cable to make hats, and while the 20"" cable sometimes works...you don't have much room to purl rather than knit. I haven't bought then16"" cable because I can already tell that it would be a waste of my money.

Aside from that, the cables unscrew very easily and wobble even while screwed in. The cables have a long section at each end that is rigid, which makes the effective length of the needle longer and makes it harder to work with shorter length needles. If you know about that and are okay with that, then it's a decent set...as long as you don't want to work with anything under 24""."
I had to tighten the tips onto the cables after every row.  I Gave up and bought an Addi set.
"It's too bad this product doesn't work as it is designed to.  The needles need to constantly be tightened when you're knitting, and if you're knitting in the round, be prepared to have your stitches fall off the cable.  If you try to tighten the needle to the cable while knitting, your yarn becomes snared between the coupling.

The good news; this was the first time I returned something to Amazon, and it could not have been easier.  They provide a shipping label, making it easy to return the product, and my account was credited quickly,  I was very, very impressed."
"I bought these because they are inexpensive.  You quickly learn fear because they unscrew very easily.  AND THEN, one attempt at tightening the out of fear, and the soft metal of the needles, lips when you screw the cable in - and you can't get the yarn over it without a fight.

Plus, the kit had one bad knitting cable connector, so in-between projects... I had to work around my lack of enough resources.

fine, for a first purchase, but one thing goes wrong in your projects and you are in trouble.  I expected more.

I would recommend investing in at least a $60-90 brand of needles.  It's a step up, but you won't waste cash."
"This is an amazing set of interchangeable aluminum knitting needles. Using the gripper and key included, you can make the cables really tight so they won't fall off. The cables are strong and flexible. I highly recommend this set to beginners and advanced knitters alike!"
"I didn't plan my timing well on this order.  So it arrived the same day my daughter left for Alaska, but it came in after we left for the airport.  This turned out to be a good thing, since one of needles have defective threading and wouldn't connect to the cable.  Amazon performed awesome customer service and provided a replacement kit (which has all working parts).  I can now send this and the other knitting items I ordered through Amazon to my daughter.  I had bought one of these kits for myself in 2007 and ordered this item for both my daughter and granddaughter."
"My daughter purchased these for me as a Christmas gift. I have used them maybe twice and have lost one size of a needle because of spuring of the aluminum. I use the tools properly to attach and tighten them to the cords, but the needles still come unscrewed. Reattaching them constantly is what causes the spurs. My husband had to actually sand down one of the needles so I could finish a project I was working on. The cables are VERY stiff and uncomfortable to work with. I won't be using these needles again unless I absolutely have to.  I would not recommend them at all."
"I bought this set at Michaels because it was good value- or so I thought. There is a major flaw with these needles: because the aluminum is a soft metal, After repeated tightening of the cable and needle, the orifice on the needles becomes  distorted from tightening and flares out. This ""flare"" impedes the transference of the yarn from one needle to the other I returned one set and bought another in the hope that it was just the one that was flawed, but I had the same problem again and will be returning this set as well. DON'T waste your time or money on this set,"
"As a beginning knitter, at first I loved this set. Some needle tips had sharp areas, but the nail file on my pocket knife fixed that.

As my skills progressed, I found the cables are too stiff for magic loop knitting. That rules out 2 at a time socks, or any very small circular knitting. No amount of tight curling or makeshift clips around the cables fixed this.  The needles are not marked with sizes, and a needle scale shows some of these needles are NOT a standard size.

Lastly, after 2 month of use I found that that tightening the cables into the needles caused the aluminum on the needles to flare out, creating very sharp rings that can grab or cut the yarn. Or cut your fingers.

I would suggest to any new knitter to spend an extra $10 and buy the nickel plated interchangeable set from knitpicks.com. Their wood needles have some bad reviews, but the metal needles are good. Amazon sells a tester set Knit Picks of 2 common needle sizes for $15 that convinced me those cables are flexible enough.

As soon as I can afford the better needles from Knit Picks, this set will be thrown out."
"I'm happy to have this set!  As some people have said the needles can start to come loose as you knit because you screw them on, but you can keep track of that.  It's a great set for the price!"
I ordered this knitting set awhile back and it has certainly come in handy over and over again.  This set will be around for years to come. Very happy with order.
I ordered this set to replace a Boye needle set I bought in 1970.  The small cables make it  easier to move stitches as you work The needle tips are lovely.  The kit seems almost a little too small.
"I've made two scarves with this set, each using different lengths of the cables. It is able to perform a variety of tasks."
I love this needle set. I have completed one project and have started a second. It is great not having to search and store all those needles! Now I can donate all the extra stuff.
"I purchased this set thinking it would be convenient to have all the sizes/lengths I needed for my projects.  Sadly, while knitting, I had to CONSTANTLY re-screw the needles back into place until I was sick of doing so.  My yarn would get stuck in the groove and I'd have to stop and tighten them again.  I am returning this set and rethinking my strategy."
While this kit looked great the needles work themselves lose from the cord. I followed the sketchy directions on how to make sure they are tight but didn't help.  Also the joint between the needle and the cord is rough and the yarn gets stuck. Miserable waste of money. I ordered a couple individual needles from another supplier. Don't waste your time with these.
Buy once and take care and you'll never have to buy again - this is why we purchased this wonderful fully loaded set of needles.  A lifetime of fun awaits.
the needles don't stay together no matter how tight you make them and yarn will not move freely on needle extensions
"I have worked with two separate sets of these needles, and have had the same problems with both. My boyfriend bought his mom this set last Christmas and, thinking I really liked them, bought me the same set this Christmas. I kindly asked him if we could return them in exchange for another set (Knitter's Pride Dreamz... I love them!). These needles just display a very low level of quality. The places where the plastic cables attach to the metal screw bits are very bumpy on most of the cables, and the metal part that sticks into the plastic to keep it in place is crooked and almost sticks out. I wish I could post pictures of this. So shoddy. On top of that, as many reviews state, they easily come unscrewed. I also will never understand why so many interchangeable sets come with 20'' as their smallest size when there are so many things to do with a 16"", but additional cables to create 16"" are affordable enough.
The positives of this set are the wide range of needle sizes and the nice case it comes with. Those are the only reasons I'm not giving this one star.
Tl;dr- Don't buy this set. Put in a few extra dollars and get a nice set."
I love to knit so this is a great kit! I comes in a bag so it's easy to carry it with you.
"alright, like the title says, the needles unscrew from the cables VERY frequently. so be careful when you're in the zone because if you don't pay attention it will slip out when you're in the middle of knitting and you could lose your stitches. if you wouldn't mind this, then i do recommend it. the cable sizes are WAY smaller than what they mention in the description. the smallest one is probably 14 inches. it's an okay product. wouldn't pay $80+ for it. i'd wait for a sale. not worth the $80"
"Despite various complaints about this product, I find these pretty good. It has the widest range of needle tips out there, are made of metal, and come in a convenient case. There are problems, though.
1. The cables are very short.
2. The cables are very stiff.
Because of this, you are constantly fighting to keep control of your needles, and are unable to do techniques such as magic loop. The connector fixed the short wire problem, but provides a stiff bar that is okay for normal knitting, but doesn't allow for the bending of wire for magic loop.
However, contrary to many other reviews, there is no ""annoying bend"" in the cable, and they have not once come apart.
3. The needles are made of weak metal.
My size 7 needles are have a small dent at the end of the needles where it bent up due to me tightening the cable too much. Rather than not allowing for further tightening when the cable of fully fastening, it just continues to turn, therefore ruining the needles. My size 15 needles have an even larger bend, but thankfully, bother pairs of needles work without problem.
4. The paint job is bad.
Many of my needles began to peel within a week of receiving them.

The problems with the needles are pretty much impossible to fix, though they don't interfere with the functionality too much. The cable problems are fixable, though. I found a tutorial online to make your own cables. I shied away from the idea of building at first, but the entire process simply involves measuring, cutting, filing, and gluing. It's very simple, though a bit time consuming.

[...]"
"I really do love this versatile, albeit basic, interchangeable knitting needle set.  I have made several projects using it since I bought it in July 2013 and I have no complaints.  I use the point gripper and the keys to tighten the connections and I have yet to have a problem with the tips coming loose.  I also prefer the aluminum tips over acrylic and bamboo, just a personal preference--more expensive doesn't necessarily mean better in my opinion.

The *only* quibble I have is that the set doesn't come with a 12"" cord, that would make my set complete; however, it is something that is offered here on Amazon and when it is back in stock I will order it.  I am still going to give this set five stars as it is a great value at this price point; I've used it often enough to where it's basically paid for itself. :-)  Recommend!"
"This si a great set of needles.  My only complaint is that the needles get ragged and sharp when they are screwed in tightly, creating little burrs that snag the yarn.  Otherwise, I love having every size of needle and an assortment of connectors in such a handy case."
"The cables are stiffer than I like, and one came with a permanent kink in it.  The joins are smooth but I have other sets I like better."
I love my set and haven't had issues.  For those that complain that their needles come undone I suggest using the tools that comes with the kit to secure the cords.  I never have an issue if I take the time to appropriately tighten the cords onto the needles.  I've had my set for a year now.
"I'm no knitting expert, but this kit has all the basic knitting needs (in my opinion). Not having a problem with the cables unscrewing from the needles during use. The description is not that accurate though. Great investment, sturdy equipment."
I had the same problems as many others.  The connection between the needle and the cord is awkward and the needles come unscrewed.  I also had one of the connectors break off.  I'm in the process of looking for a better set.  Save your money and spend it on a higher quality product.
"The needles themselves are fine, but the cables are stiff, and the connectors are beyond awful. My first project with this set was an afghan that required me to link 3 of the cables together. The connectors aren't uniform, so they don't screw together like they should. Only one of the connections joined properly; the others had male ends that were too small for the female ends, so they either immediately fell out or came apart with movement of any kind. After the 5th or 6th time they separated, and at least 100 dropped stitches, I tried wrapping the connections with tape. This sort of helped keep them together (they still came apart, but not as frequently), but of course the yarn wouldn't slide and repeatedly snagged. The coupe de gras was when I looked down to see the cable had separated again - only this time the connector had snapped off inside the needle (it wasn't over-tightened). I've scrapped the in-progress afghan and will start again after I exchange this set for one that works properly."
I got this for my mom for Christmas and she absolutely loved it! She started knitting a little sweater for the dog right away.
Am so glad that I finally got them cause I've always wanted a set every since 2010 when I first started knitting that you so much Amazon.
"First off, the needles come unscrewed WAY too easily. I followed the advice of other reviewers and used the tightening kit EVERY TIME I changed the needles out, yet they still come loose after just a few rows of knitting. Dropping stitches in the middle of a lace project because your needle came unscrewed from its cable? That is not okay.

Second, the quality of the parts is horribly cheap. Because of the problems I've had with them coming unscrewed, I tried to screw it on very tightly, which ended up bending the edge of the needle (so there is now a little lip where the needle connects to the cable). And it STILL came unscrewed. Then, one of the smaller cables actually broke on me while I was knitting. The metal screw at the end of the cable completely snapped off the nylon cord, and is now permanently stuck inside one of the needles.

I thought I was getting a great deal on these needles, but turns out I just wasted my money. I will be throwing this set away and looking for something better quality, and more reliable. I would NOT recommend these needles to anyone."
"Pros: When I first got it, I loved it! It comes in a case with everything in place. The needles available go all the way up to a size US 15. The cables come in various lengths as well.

Cons: The first time I used it, one of the cords broke off of the needle so now the cord and needle are useless because I have no way of pulling out the metal end that got stuck."
"bought these for my wife for xmas 2012, she loves them, is the case is a great addition, great buy"
"I'm new to knitting, and all I've heard was 'buy circular needles, you can do so much with them'.  Maybe.  First time I tried to use them, one of the #5 needles wouldn't connect to the cable.  The others are okay as far as I know, but of course, I needed the #5. And the needles themselves are really too short to use on their own.  At least for me."
"The needles consistently become unscrewed during projects. I originally liked the set when I bought it, the selection was great,  but I have had one needle actually snap off, so not only is the needle unusable, the cable is too because there is a portion of the needle stuck inside the cable. The quality of the product is off. To replace both the needle and cable for this set would cost me $7.50 +$1.50 S&H. I do not think this will be the last time I would need to purchase replacements and for that reason I am giving this product a lower rating."
"I purchased these for our eldest granddaughter, who decided to take up knitting. She asked for these and had seen them in a fabric store. I couldn't find them elsewhere but bless Amazon, they were here when I needed them, once again. She was thrilled with the set and has used them happily."
Looks cool. It's a gift for my sister. I don't know how to knit. Hopefully she'll like it. If not I'll return it.
"I already had this set.  My daughter accidently broke one of the pairs.  Amazon was selling it so cheaply that I just bought another whole set because I LOVE this set.  I've been knitting with them for over a year.  They glide so smoothly as you knit.  My only complaint might be the cables.  One of my cables got bent and stiff.  I love how you put the cables on and together as well.  As long as you use the little tool to tighten and the rubber grip to hold on as you tighten you will not have the cable and needle come apart.  If you don't use the tool and rubber grip to put the cable and needle together,you can be sure the thing will come apart.  The handy case is nice too although I wouldn't have minded a few empty pockets in it for accessories.  So glad I bought this set!!"
"Love the variety of sizes, but the needles keep unscrewing while I am knitting and the needles themselves don't say the size so if you place them in the wrong spot in the case, you can mistakingly use the wrong needle, especially the smaller ones."
"This was tiny (like a bottlecap), but it was more than enough ink to stamp out 200 entree selections on our escort cards for a wedding."
"This kit is decent in the concept (many need sizes, interchangeable cord lengths) for a reasonable price (if buying through Amazon or using a coupon at a craft store...The value is NOT worth the full retail price!). Aluminum, bamboo, plastic...it depends on what YOU are comfortable with. Don't let anyone tell you what that should be.

Pros:
+ Protective carrying case zips and keeps everything together in one place.
+ Inserts lining the case keep everything organized within the case.
+ Color coded needles ranging from 2-15 (and 10.5!).
+ 2 Tighteners/needle fasteners
+ 2 Additional couplers (they join the needle to the cord)
+ You can make flexible straight needles
+ You can make extended cord lengths.

Cons:

- The needles can unscrew in the middle of a project if you're not experienced and/or careful. There is a tightening stick in the kit and you can use this to tighten up if your project is on the needles
- The threading in needles can strip if you tighten to hard.
- No 16-inch length cord. You can buy one at your local craft store or on Boye's website.
- Mine did not come with a manual or instruction sheet, even on the printed insert, which is not helpful for knitters not familiar with circular knitting or the knitting tools that with the kit....You can find it on the product description at simplicity.com or here they are: 4 stitch holders (red button shaped thing), 2 point grippers (black spongy rounds), 2 couplers (metal connectors with a hole in the middle), 2 tighteners/needle fasteners (thin metal sticks with loops on the end).

Again, decent product at discounted price...NOT worth $90."
I have been needing a full set of interchangeable circulars for a long time. I had to jump on the price for this- a whole lot less expensive than I had seen so far. Every knitter should have one of these!
"The kit itself is great and the selection and quality of the needles are perfect. I was able to assemble them easily. The only disappointment was the length of the cables, they are much shorter than those advertised in the product description, I measured the. Myself to be 10,12, 14 and 22.  They do include a coupler to attach up to 3 cables together for longer projects, so that is helpful."
I love it!  So easy and convenient.  Everything in one place for a variety of different size needles and lengths for a variety of projects.
I'm an avid knitter and these interchangeables make that really easy. All my needles are now in one place - at last.
I have knitted an assortment of projects in various yarn weights both straight and in the round. I followed the instructions on how to attach the cables using the key and gripper and have never had one come unscrewed until I wanted it to. I'm so glad I decided to invest in a set!
"Outstanding set.  I just started knitting and a friend showed my her interchangeable needles; of course I went home and searched for some. These are great and just what I had hoped to find. The holding case is red so I can find it in my bag easily.  The set also includes end caps so that you can use them as flexible needles if you don't need the circular set for your current project.  With the great sale, I went back on and ordered another set for my Mom who just introduced me to knitting, thanks Mom!"
I keep retwisting the cable and I need to find something sturdy so I can knit flawlessly. thnx. bye :)
"I purchased this set of needles because the description implied they are made in the USA.  However, both the product and the packaging clearly state ""MADE IN CHINA.""  My review is based solely on this fact.

I did not open this package, so I cannot attest to the quality or lack thereof of the product.

Amazon is kindly accepting my return."
I love interchangeable since they keep things organized and travel well. These had a great price and the quality is good.
"These are the needles I learned to knit on--my mom had bought a set like this back in the 80s. Over the years, though, pieces went missing and it got to the point where I had to significantly rework patterns to fit the limited gauges I was left with after losing half the needles. So I bought this set to replace the old one and it was the same, familiar needles I grew up with. I love that everything I need for circular knitting is all in this set. The needles are smooth with just enough heft and great, sharp points that make picking up small stitches and doing complicated things with them very easy."
Needles and attachments are smaller than most and quality is a wee bit below standard.  But for the price it was worth it.  Shipping was fast.
"In total I like Needlemaster 40-Piece Interchangeable Aluminum Knitting Set, but I have problems with cables lengths: they are NOT true to size. The matter is that in description on site of Amazon and also on the package of the set were mentioned following cable lengths: 20-inch, 24-inch, 29-inch and 36-inch, but  in fact I have got cable lengths: 12-inch, 14-inch, 16-inch and 21-inch. I was very disappointed. I would like to be informed about the right lengths before purchasing. Now Im looking for the required lengths, but Boye offers only lengths: 12-inch, 14-inch, 16-inch and 21-inch. Maybe any other manufactures  cables are suitable for the Boye set? Please, advice."
"My first set of interchangeable knitting needles were the Denise brand.... plastic needles and plastic connecting parts.  They kept disconnecting while I worked with them... completely unacceptable.  So, I purchased these aluminum needles thinking they would be better and stronger.  One use, they also disconnected!  Second use, I used their included tools, a gripper and a key (similar to an unbent paperclip) to tighten them.  The female end of the needle fanned out of shape when I tightened it!  Size no. 8, now useless because the needle will snag the yarn!  Third use, size 2 for a pair of mittens, the blob of plastic on the wire connecting to the male screw piece is bigger than the needle.  So all the work must remain on the needle and cannot be moved down onto the wire!  Just very disappointed and now in the market for another set!  I cannot recommend these."
"I love these.....everything you need to knit in the round or knit extended lengths is in this little pouch. The only problem I have had is some of the needle tips don't stay tightened to the cord. As long as I remember to periodically check the tightness,all I'd well.  I love the smoothness of the needle tips,also.  Would I recommend these..in a heartbeat

."
Just perfect i had been looking for a set with all sizes and this was it. Love and have told everyone where I got it and showed the set to everyone i know
"I had been wanting a set of interchangeable knitting needles for several months.  I chose these mostly because they were offered at 70% off.  I am NOT disappointed.  The key is key.  If I do not use the key, then the needles will come loose and I must stop to tighten them.  However, if I use the key, I have absolutely no problems.  The grip pad is also very useful when changing the needles.  I have not had any problems with yarn catching at the connections.  Also, I don't think the cables are all that stiff either.  So far I have made a shrug using 2 different sizes of needles (started with smaller, changed to larger, and back to smaller) and it came out great.  I took the project on a road trip and knitted in the car.  Great packaging, easy to find what I needed, even in a cramped space."
"For the sizes you get with this kit, it's a pretty great deal. It comes with sizes 3-10, with 10.5s, 11s, 13s, and 15s. It also comes with cords that can be connected to create longer cords. Compared to the Knitpicks interchangeable set at the same price, which comes with only sizes  4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10,10.5 and 11 and 2 each of 24"" and 32"" length cables, this seems like the better deal.

However, it's worth noting that the size 2 and 3 needles are practically unusable. Unless you knit loose, the stitches are guaranteed to get stuck where the needles connect with the cables. It makes for incredibly annoying knitting, and I eventually just transferred everything over to dps.

The cables themselves are also a bit stiff. I've never used the Knitpicks cables, so I can't attest to their flexibility, but the reviews say they're very fluid.

All in all, this set is okay, but I'd look into buying a different set if possible. And if you're looking for interchangeable 0-3's, I think you're pretty much screwed."
"After a month of using these needles, I now wish I would have returned them. The concept is good - but the needles unscrew while you are stitching and if you don't stop and twist at the end of each row - you will end up losing your needles. The interchangeable cables are a little stiff but if you continue to use them, they may soften up? Not worth the hassle to be honest."
I love the way these needles twist together. But most of all I have the size needle needle I will ever need in my set.
I have knitted several items since I received the set and I am very satisfied with it. Plus I saved a bunch of money because I did not have to buy each size needles seperately. I highly recommend it!!
this is a great product u cant find it no cheaper I went to a lot of stores and they wanted 50.00 to 60.00 dollars for this same set and I was so glad I bought on amazon .com
"I've only been knitting for a few months and this set gives me a lot of choice. It has a wide range of needle sizes. The needles feel smooth when I knit with them.
The case is comfortable and compact.
I cut the instructions like someone else advised, folded them and put them in the zipper case.
I can also fit other circular needles that I have in the case.
If you take the time to tighten the cable onto the needle using the key that is given, then the needles will not unscrew.
The price was perfect. I went to a craft store and saw the same kit for $69.99.
Thanks for reading. Hope this helps."
The kit was exactly what I've been looking for and the price was perfect for my budget. Thank you for the prompt service.
"The yarn tends to get stuck at the end of the wire because of the bend, and before the rise of the needle.  It is especially difficult when I try to knit the first and second round.  But, this could just be that this is my first circular knitting experience.  Otherwise, I really like the set.  The needles are made of Al, so the yarn slides along more easily.  The different sizes are color coded, which makes the set look very visually attractive.  The different size wires are a plus, not to mention that they can be extended with the connectors provided.  I still have to figure out how to use the red button thing."
"The price for this product was incredible.  The needles tips stay connected much better that other sets I have tried without having to be retightened.  The cables are a little stiffer than on some sets.  The tips have a nice sharp point so the yarn is not split as much.  Overall it is a good set.  If you have used Boye needles in the past, the exerience is much the same.  The circular needle design allows the weight of the project to stay in your lap instead of on your wrists.  The aluminum tips allows the yarn to flow smoothly.  The join between the tips and the cable is smooth enough that the yarn does not catch when sliding the stitches to the end of the needles.  Overall it is a good product."
"1. Needles keep unscrewing as I knit and I end up dropping stitches. Only solution is to re-tighten after every few rounds.
2. The join on certain cables doesn't line up with the needle which causes snags.
3. The cables kink permanently. One from my set actually came kinked right near the join!
4. No 16"" cable. How am I to do a neck?
5. Plastic case is cheap.
6. No instructions on how to use the accompanying tools (not that they work, mind you) came with my set. Finally found instructions online at simplicity.com.

2 stars, not 1 because I like the needle material, and the colors.

I'd send the set back, but it was a gift from my non-knitting mother-in-law who thought she'd found the perfect gift for me. How could I break her heart?

It's back to my Addi Turbos."
"21"" cable is much too short for my knitting project. As for the needles, I prefer Bates. I had to reorder 2 more 21"" cables and the couplers to connect them. Since the cables are all short, couplers should be included with the set."
So much cheaper than having to buy a ton of circular needles. I love this product! Makes knitting fun and easy!
"good beginner set
set is easy to use and tote about
only issue is one must regularly make habit to ensure connections not loosening"
"Yes, the sizes and lengths are convenient, but dude, these keep coming unscrewed while I'm knitting, even after I tighten to the point of busting one of the tightening tools. I have to wonder if the Knitters Pride set might not have been the better buy overall."
I love this set.  I now have every size needle I would need to make any of my projects.  May need to get another since I have so many partially done projects and need the same size needle again.
"This set comes in a handy case that is easy to store and carry with you when you need it. It's nice to have all those needles sizes in one place. When you want to make something, you don't have to search for the right size and they do include the tiny sizes that other sets do not. I have read here that the sizes aren't printed on the needles. Most metal circular needles don't have the sizes printed on them. All you need is a little plastic or metal needle gauge that costs a couple of dollars and keep it in your case with the needles..no problem. Another problem I read was that the needles unscrew while you are knitting. There is in the case several little gadgets that will help screw the needles tightly so that doesn't happen too often. I haven't had that problem with mine. Ok, now for the things I don't like about these needles. I don't like the way the needles connect to the cable because they are not as smooth as they could be and the yarn sort of grabs on. The cables are horrible, they are too stiff and they are not long enough. The customer service from Simplicity (where you can get replacement parts) is terrible. You won't get any help from them. If you do need help, your best bet is on line tutorials and knitting chat rooms.  I found a tutorial on line to make longer more flexible cable for these needles and I am going to try that. Here is the link:
 http://www.craftster.org/forum/index.php?topic=360820.0#axzz2UvELHN5R
Other than that, these needles are really very good for the money. They are the most inexpensive interchangeable needles around. I might add that if you don't make new cables for these needles, you won't be able to do magic loop with this needle set. As I mentioned before, the cables that come with this set are very stiff and way too short for magic loop knitting."
How wonderful to have all the needle sizes necessary for almost any pattern. The needles are a good quality and easy to change out for a different size. I love them!
Great... loved them...was very pleased with these... would recommend them to everyone...Plan on doing alot of kntting with these...thanks again
This is a great set for the price.  Also very nice points on the needles.  For an aluminum needle they are very nice.
"I bought these because of their price, and they're worth about that much. I bought them instead of the much more expensive metal interchangeable needle options. The cords are less flexible than I'd like (magic loop is no fun) and even using the tightening tools provided, they come loose easily."
"This set is very nice for the money, but the connector cords are too cumbersome  since they are made in with solid plastic. If I had known this before this purchase I would have spent more money for a better set with better connecting cords."
"I was knitting a blanket in the round, it didn't even get to lap size before the size 5 needle just snapped at the threading, lost a bunch of my stitches. I'm not an ""aggressive"" knitter and I've never broken interchangeable needles before. It was extremely frustrating, I don't trust the rest of the set now and the size 5 is my favorite anyway."
"Great knitting tool, they are big enough that they are easy to use and move around but not so big it streches out your stich."
"I like the feeling of these needles a lot. I like them better than bamboo because they are much smoother. I am a beginner so I may change my mind later in the future. The only thing I disliked about the company is their cords. They are too stiff. It causes the cord to come off the needle at times. It is not that big of a deal though, I just change how I knit to prevent it. Over all, great set. I am halfway through my scarf! :)"
"Great convenience to have all sizes on hand!  Handy, portable folder to keep everything together. I like that it's easy to use."
"The price reflects the quality, which is poor.

Knitters will quickly outgrow this kit as they move on to finer yarns and more demanding projects. If you are the sort of person to take up knitting just to make a dishtowel then this kit will suffice, however you would be better off just buying the set of needles you need for that individual product and saving your money. Boyle's Interchangeable Needlemaster System is very clunky and very clumsy and tends to ensnare the yarn. The needle tips themselves are ok but the wires quickly unscrew and are inflexible and can cause a lot of damage to your project.

If you intend to sit and knit for long hours or do any intermediate to advance projects these the Needlemaster kit will hold you back. A better buy at a similar price would be Knitpicks Harmony, Metal or Sunstruck options or better yet, Knitter's Pride as they have 16"" circular options. The 16"" circular option on the Needlemaster barely bends to make a full circle. If you knit Magic Loop style you will find yourself constantly laboring against the stiffness of the wires. The larger needles (US 10 and up) are hard to work even when placed on the 24"" options. The smaller needles are even harder to control on any of the cables. Only 6-9 are really usable on the 24"" cable and up.

Save your money, the strain on your hands and nerves and invest $10-20 more in another kit. The resale value of the Needlemaster is practically worthless due to the fact that both amateur and professional knitters quickly outgrow this kit and buy better quality ones."
This set really comes in handy since I kept loosing my circular needles now they can all be found in this handy attractive kit.
My cables are straight - they may have been angled at the ends in the past but mine are not. Very nice tips - I found them to be true to size. The case is fine - don't know why others complain about this - what do you want for the price - a Coach bag? My tips did not come unscrewed when I used the tool and the gripper to tighten them - you don't have to use major force. Nice selection of sizes - smooth tips - just sharp enough. My only complaint is the stiff wires wich in the end are not terrible - one star off for that. Google make your own boye cables and you will find a nice set of instructions - I plan on making my own - already bought the supplies on Amazon. Better than paying quite a bit more for a different set and why bother when the tips are so nice. I will still use the included cables as flexible straight needles since the set includes the end caps. Nothing is going to waste. There is an order form included in the kit to buy different size cables and replacement parts. I'm glad I bought them.
"Having all sizes of needles at my fingertips is very convenient and I like the ""compactness"" of the product.  It requires very little storage space.  I would like to be able to order replacement parts, I have not found a way to do that."
Love this product! I can make any length two pointed knitting needles I need and the acrylic pieces in between won't curl all out of control
"I love the feel of these needles, the pointiness of the tips, and the huge range in sizes available in this set. Unfortunately the cables are very stiff and have a lot of memory, so they are very difficult to work with, and doing Magic Loop on them is near impossible. Luckily I found on the internet a way to make my own cables out of weed whacker cord so that these needles are usable now. But making your own cables is a lot of time and effort, a task that should not be mandatory before the product can be properly used, so for this reason I am docking the product 2 stars.

Make better cables, Boye, and this would be an excellent set of interchangeables at a great price."
I am an avid knitter! And with the interchangeable knitting set I can get all my projects done and lots faster and smoother using this type of knitting needle.
"you will love it - if you use them correctly.  No need to buy another needle, love that there are 4 length wires given with it. can do any project on them."
"This set of circulars is just what I needed to do my various projects. My only issues are that the cables are very stiff so it makes magic loop much impossible to do. I don't know if they get easier to move later. Also, one of the connectors for attaching two cables together was defective, so I need to order more. Other than that, it is a wonderful set and I absolutely love it. I have had no issues with the needles and cables coming undone mid-project."
"This was an asked for x-mas gift, so my sister said she really likes this knitting set very much and would recommend it to others."
"The case is perfect for keeping everything straight, and I love being able to just screw the needles on and off. Sometimes the needles twist by themselves and get a little loose, but that's fine with me. Great product!"
"I just love that everything is held into this small package. I haven't had the privilege of using these yet, but I have not been disappointed by Boye products in the past."
"Purchased one for myself and one for a friend.  I have a bunch of long needles already, but this set is great for anyone that wants a set of size 2-15 needles.  I recommend getting ciruclar needles, because they will save you a lot of hassle while knitting.  Especially if you're the type who is constantly putting your work down.

The only 'problem' I had was I couldn't figure out what the key was for.  It doesn't tighten up the cable or anything.  I may be doing it wrong, but this was a great purchase and it really helps to have more needle since I have a bunch of projects to do."
this is just what I wanted. now I can knit with any size needles I need and have them in a neat little package .
"I am sure that I will be able to use it for some projects however the specific project that I purchased it for will not work. I originally wanted to use it to make childrens hats.  The Points are too long before you attach it to the cable making it very unwieldly.  Also unless I tightened it so that I have trouble getting it unattached, it comes undone all by itself."
"Love them, they tend to unscrew when I am knitting but that is no big deal I just screw them up every once in a while. I am very happy with them."
"Like many of you I read the reviews and contemplated buying this set over a more expensive and potentially better quality set. I'm Canadian, so once I found this set available on Amazon with a seller that would ship to me at less than half the price of its Canadian selling point, I figured what did I have to lose!? And Boye, oh boye (okay, I couldn't resist!) am I glad that I did.

A bit of context: I'm a young but experienced knitter.  I'm 25 but have been knitting since I was 8, and have tried enough needles to know that I love aluminium (its so smooth to knit with!) and hate wood/bamboo.  I knit for fun, not for speed or productivity, so I value different things from a knitting set, then perhaps a more seasoned knitter. With that being said.. Now to the actual review:

The Cons:
1. Yes, its true.. The needles do become unscrewed. BUT knowing is half the battle! If you're aware of this, just tighten the needles every round or so and, like me, you'll see that its not that big of an issue.  I've never dropped any stitches and tightening was quick and not too bothersome.

The Pros:
1. Cost - you can't beat it!
2. Smooth aluminums needles make for quicker knitting! I didn't have any issues with the yarn snagging on the connection points.
3. The cable: counter to other's complaints I didn't have any issues with inflexibility.  I found the cable to be *more* flexible than standard Boye circulars (which tend to require a hot water dip to loosen them up) yet with more stiffness than those pesky bamboo circulars which are often *too* flexible, and get all curled up on me.
4. I love how compact the case is, and how well labelled it is.  The case is smaller than I was expecting (a plus) and everything is very snugly secured in the case.
5. Complete set with good range of needle and cable sizes: I love how easy it is to switch from one gauge to another mid-knitting.  I really hate having to transfer stitches, and this set makes it a breeze!
6. Stitch holder capability: the set comes with little buttons that attach to cable to make for a really long stitch holder.  I LOVE this feature! As I said, I *hate* transferring stitches from a holder piece of yarn, and often find that conventional stitch holders aren't large enough, if I'm working on a big sweater, for example.  I love that you can simply slide off the buttons, screw in your needles and start working the back piece of a project, easy as pie!

In sum: I feel like all interchangeable sets will have their flaws, and its really a matter of choosing the set who's flaws least conflict with your preferences.  For the money, this set is perfect for me, and allows for a better, quicker, more enjoyable knitting experience.  If you've been reading the reviews and wondering if this set will work for you, I hope you find my review to be helpful.  In my experience, this set is definitely worth the buy."
"I have this set and the Addi-click set. I have also used a crochet set by Denise. Of the three, Denise seems to have the most seamless connection. I love the Addi-click, the feel of the needles and the flexibility of the cables.

As many reviewers have said, the needles often come loose from the cables - I constantly check and tighten them as needed so that is an annoyance but not a huge problem. My biggest issue with this set is that the cables are very stiff. The Denise interchangeables  are just slightly higher than these. If you can afford the price difference, and don't mind plastic, I would go with the Denise. If you prefer metal or bamboo, and price is not a consideration check out the Addi-clicks."
"I'm not sure if it's the needles or my expectations. I was kind of disappointed in these. I have one of the needles that need to be replace already because when I put it on the cord it messed up the end of the needle. They are hard to use, but I just use them mostly when I am in need of a needle for straight work. Not very good for working in the round."
"I used to have a set like this years ago...gave it away when I stopped knitting after moving to a warm climate.  Last year I moved
to a cold winter climate again!!!!"
"Had high hopes or this set with the positive reviews listed, but to my dismay I am very displeased with it. The needles are constantly unscrewing from the cable making my projects take a lot longer than necessary. I do like the needle variety, however when you must keep screwing the tips back on after every few stitches it gets tedious and very annoying. I am now going to just pay the money and get a better set where the cables are more secure and do Not fray and ruin my projects."
"I read many, many reviews before purchasing a knitting kit.  I had a partial kit by Denise (<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Blue-Denise-Interchangeable-Knitting-Needles-Set/dp/B001B2MHYS/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Blue Denise Interchangeable Knitting Needles Set</a>) that I had found at a Thrift store.  I was not thrilled with the Denise set-sometimes the tips would come loose (they connect by turning 90 degrees to a ""locked"" position) and my stitches were always getting caught in the gap where the rubber cable would slip back from its plastic connector.  No amount of jamming and twisting would keep that gap closed (to be fair, maybe there was a reason it was at the thrift).  I have now had the Needlemaster set for several months and am very happy with it.

I would like to comment on several points I read about in other reviews:

1. Some people complained that the cables are too stiff; that using the Magic Loop technique is impossible.  I did not have any issues with the stiffness.  (I did soak the cables in near boiling water before using them.)  I have used the Magic Loop technique successfully down to the size of a newborn sweater cuff (about a 50-cent piece size opening).

2. A lot of people do not like the bent connectors at the end of the cables.  The set I purchased from Amazon did not have bent connectors.  I think the new style has straight connectors (even though the pictures usually show them as bent).

3. There is a common complaint that the tips come unscrewed and many stitches are lost.  Through several projects I have had one tip come loose.  (I always tighten the tips with the pin and grip pad as per the instructions and usually I can't loosen them by hand even if I wanted to.)  However, I noticed stitches getting caught in the gap long before the tip came completely off and simply retightened it; not a single stitch was lost.  (If I remember correctly, I was knitting VERY tight in that case and when I was trying to move the stitches from the cable back onto the tip I used a twisting motion which contributed to the loosening of the tip.  Now I make sure and only push the stitches straight on with no twisting motion.)

4.  I read that the metal of the tips is too soft and mushrooms out when the cable is screwed in.  I did have this problem with one tip when I over tightened the cable.  I was able to bend the edges back by rolling it on a harder piece of metal, but it tends to mushroom back out if I'm not careful when I torque down the connection.

5.  The smallest tip (size 2) is very slightly smaller than the connector on the cable.  If you tend to knit very tight (like I do) it is rather difficult to get the stitches over the connector and back onto the tips.  This has been the biggest issue I have had with this set.

I love this set.  I would buy it again in a heartbeat.  I love having everything I need in one place (I even added scissors, stitch holders, tapestry needle, etc. inside the pouch to make it completely perfect!) and that I will never have to go back to the store to buy the next size needle because my gauge is off (which I always found out at 10pm when all store are closed thereby delaying my project by another day)."
"I found that this was a very great transacton, very fast and easy.  Will use again if in the market again."
"I would like one more short circle for smaller items like baby things.  Otherwise, this is a great set! Recommended"
"These are great, and so affordable. Before I bought these I had read another review where they had a problem of the needles coming loose in the middle of a project. I did have this problem at first, and I had to keep checking and tightening them. Then I realized that the pack came with a small tool to tighten them. Once I used that, they haven't come loose not once!"
"I am very happy with my purchase. I like everything about those needles . I think it is a bargain compare to other expensive forgein made needles. It glides throu stitches , interchangable loops are flexible so you can do magicloop easy."
"I looked at similar product in Canada, and couldn't compare with the value. Here they wanted $135 (CAN) for the same set. Value cannot be beat."
"OK so I'm a relatively new knitter, have only finished a few projects, but I am really enjoying this set.  I did take out the accessories and put them in a separate small baggie because they're too hard to take out and put back in frequently in this case.  The needles themselves though and the cable are nicely packaged and easy to find and use.
I saw the bad reviews that said that the cables come loose.  I only have had this trouble after knitting many rows, so I do tighten them on occasion, but it's only needed on large projects and only infrequently.

I did have one of the connectors get splayed from tightening it too much, but I have not had this happen with the needles.  I always use the keys and the gripper, or else they WILL come loose.  I just ordered spare connectors from [...] (they have all the replacement parts for this kit, for very reasonable prices, for example only $1 for a set of 2 connectors)

I have tried different materials of needles and for me I prefer the slickness of aluminum, and the needles in this set are just the right sharpness (not too sharp, not too dull)

I think I will be using this set for long time to come!"
"Nice beginner set if you like metal tips. After getting a set of Denise's, though, I realize that the cables are a lot more stiff than is necessary and I find it annoying.  I also now realize how heavy they are in comparison (not like lead, but the difference is obvious). You definitely must use the key to tighten, as they will come apart if only given a hand twist. This is one of the few sets that have needles smaller than #5.

I seem to use #7 the most and I overtightened it, making the end bulge. I called the company three days ago and have not received a response. It was also rather difficult to find the company to make that call- so customer service rating is zero. (not seller, but Boye). Considering I called several other manufactures this week in seeking a better set of interchangeables- and always got a call-back by the end of the day- this speaks volumes.  fortunately, a new set of ends is inexpensive, but I feel that, if my weak little arms can bulge the aluminum, this should be a warrantee item.  I'll edit this review if and when I get a response from Boye.

I have since bought sets of Addis (both the Turbos/basic and the lace long tip. If you can afford the Boyes, spend the bit extra for the Denise. If you like the slipperiness of metal and the speed it allows, save up and get the Addis."
It's nice to have every size.  The needles are top quality. I am very happy with them.  I would highly recommend them.
The only thing that would make this product better is if the cords were more flexible and on a swivel. I haven't had any problem with the cord unscrewing as long as you use the key and the grip pad when screwing it in. The yarn glides well over the needles. The variety of sizes is a plus.
"I knitted a very loose hat with a yarn notorious for snagging on this beautiful set, and never had a single problem!  Now, I can finally knit my sweater with these lovely needles!"
LOVED the idea and ordered these EXCEPT -- some needles keep coming loose and actually coming apart (the extra tools do NOT make any difference
Sometimes the cable becomes disconnected from the needle points in the midst of knitting.  Not sure you can tighten the connection enough.  Will keep trying
I wanted a circular knitting set and this is what I received.  I read the reviews and was forwarned that it is hard to get over the joint where the needles insert and it is hard to get stitches on and over those joints.
"I was looking for a set of interchangeable needles but had only just re-connected my love of knitting, so didn't want to spend a fortune on the more expensive ones. These have so far exceeded my expectations! I love the case it comes in as well as the feel of the aluminum needles. They don't 'catch' like they are suspected of doing
My only criticism is that the needles and cables are not marked in some way to identify their sizes like the more expensive ones (but if you keep them sorted in the case it's not a drama).
Highly recommend these to start off your circular needle adventures!"
"I've used Boye for many years in my yarn projects.  I bought this set one month ago and I was very excited by the versatility.  Initially I found the cables to be really stiff making it difficult to work with.  I also found that the screws come loose every few rows.  While starting my second project with this set, the needle splayed open when I screwed the cable into place.  I did not use a lot of force, not even enough to bend the little paperclip-like tightening tool they provide.  I am a long time user of Boye and the poor quality of this kit has me very disappointed."
"I use these needles doing hats and smaller circular knits by using 2 circular needles when I want to make the circular smaller as in hats etc. When I have less than 30 stitches in the work I use 2 sets of circular needles, divide the stitches on them, after I have knit 7 or 8 stitches on the first needle I pull the aluminum part through so that all the stitches slide to the cable. Then I finish the rest of the stitches on the first needle, pull again all the stitches to the cable. I continue that way until the end of the second needle, when it is free I start again the same way and it will not stretch the knitting much. I find that easier than by using DPN. After you try that way a little while it becomes very easy."
"So far so good. Only problem is that one of my needles is slightly stripped, not to much of a problem (cord stays tightly connected) besides the open end of the needle has started to splay outwards. So it sometimes snags my yarn :/"
I got this set thinking it would be perfect for a beginning knitter. Problem: It 's only good if you need a set of circular needles (not both circular and straight).
"These are great needles and do a good job, if you do a lot of knitting. It is really nice to have all the sizes on hand."
"Comenc a inspirarme mas con estas herramientas, espero continuar creciendo, son de mucha utilidad. Desde cosas pequeas hasta muy grandes he podido hacer con esto."
I am so excited to use my new set of knitting needles. i couldn't get it out of the packaging quick enough ;) The needles are color coded and easily interchanged. The price ($38) is a great value. I'm almost finished with my first project with my new circular needles and I can't wait to start my next one. I know some folks are afraid of circular needles but they are quite easy to use and I would encourage all to try them out!
"The package was delivered intact.  The needle case is of poor quality, I purchased this as a gift but would not have if I had seen it in person.  There are good variety of needle sizes.  Durability is questionable.
Delivery was slow.  All in all not bad, just so so."
I didn't have these needles and they are just what I expected.  Everything all in one.  The needles have their own storing space.  Well worth the money.  I had seen for much more.
"It was a great price to get an entire set. I had some individual parts from the Needlemaster line, and they've always worked well for me. I was hoping for longer cables (the length quoted *includes* the two needles at the ends), but the nice thing about this is the straight metal joins it has. My old cables had angled joins on them, which means the joined cables would have weird angles in them that the yarn would catch and bunch up on. These keep the yarn going around smoothly."
"I love the variety of needles available in this kit. It even includes smaller needles that aren't available in other kits. The cables are very stiff and somewhat difficult to use at times. The stiffness contributes to the needles coming unscrewed. I use these for projects, but they do require a little more attention to make sure they don't get loose. They are a great value if you don't want to fork out the serious dough for the bamboo needle set."
"Love this set, its a very inexpensive way to get started on a new hobby. I'm teaching myself to knit and rather than buying individual knitting needles I figured this should be a great way to get all I need for the different projects. Needles work great for both straight and circular knitting so if you don't want the added expense of straight needles you don't need them. Now I've ordered a set of double pointed needles very inexpensive on Amazon.com and I can take on any project... I've already knitted my 16 month old a beautiful cardigan and some wristers for my sister...."
"The concept is great, but the first time I used the number seven circular needle, it broke where it's attached to the ""wire""--very disappointing."
"Good price, nice carrying case, nice and compact.  Have not used it yet but looking foreward to it.  Small enough to put in a small work bag or even your purse.  I am very happy so far."
"I got the set as a Christmas present from my husband, and it is so cool! It comes all ready in a Boye case (mine is red with black trim, it zips up and opens like a book) which is plastic but padded on the inside and textured as similarly to leather as poly-whatever-it-is as possible. It does have a little plastic smell, like a kid's vinyl doll, but it isn't strong and eventually will go away.
The needles are all pretty sharp and well-made, in sizes from 2 to 15 (US), and while the sizes are not marked on the needles themselves, they each have a numbered spot in the case. That might be a minus for some but doesn't apply to me (I have a gauge ruler for derp moments). The cords are plastic and need some flexing but after the first few rounds of stitches anyone should be good to go without a problem. Make sure to use a key and the gripper to attach your needles/connectors and they will not come unscrewed! I made the mistake of just screwing a cord and tips together by hand alone and every once in a while it would start to come unscrewed. OOPS!

Well I hope this was helpful/informative!
P.S. I guess: I already made a really cute hat using the smallest length cord and the size 8's. No snags, uniform stitches according to my tension"
"I purchased this set since I am new to knitting, and mathematically, it was a great deal compared to buying comparable needles. The kit hasn't gotten much use as of yet, but I anticipate that it will last me quite a while. The connectors are good as long as you follow instructions and tighten them as you are supposed to. I think that for some of my favorite sizes, I will eventually upgrade them, but for now, this does me just perfectly."
"I had a terrible time with these needles.  They are $40 for a reason.  The aluminum is very easily scratched, leading to my yarn to geting caught on the side of the needle.  However, the worst parts are the joins.  They are awful.  Not only do they unscrew every 2-3 rows, but they become burled and curved outwards because of the constant need to screw the cable back in.  Every single stitch will get caught at the joins.  Every one of them.  After a while, they become a nightmare to work with."
"Every size needle and length that could be desired. The carrying case is also very nice to keep it all organized. Gave it as a gift to my mom, a beginning knitter, and she loved it."
I ordered this for a friend and she likes it very much. There has been no problem with the cables coming apart and the joins are smooth.
I absolutely love my needle set  It was just what I was looking for.  The case is perfect also.  All arrived in good time.  It was a great price.  Thanks
"I like the feel of these needles, and they have gotten plenty of use over the years. The only downside is that they are flimsy at the base- I accidentally over-tightened one needle onto a cable, rendering it nearly impossible to use (as yarn is constantly catching on the bent metal ""lip"" that formed at its base)."
"I have the Needlemaster set, and also a Knitter's Pride set of wood interchangeable circular needles. While the Needlemaster cables no longer have the annoying bend at the join they are still too rigid to use easily for magic loop or traveling loop. (knitting something seamlessly on circular needles much bigger around than the item being knitted) this should not deter you from buying this set. There are fixes available. You can buy a set of Boye couplers and have a gunsmith make them into adapters so you can use the 3-56 thread Knitter's Pride cables with your 2-56 thread Needlemaster tips. You can make your own cables using weedwacker cable, nylon tubing, and 2-56 machine studs or screws. Or you can have a gunsmith alter the threading of your Needlemaster tips to directly fit the 3-56 Knitter's Pride cables - but the success rate on this is variable, and it can ruin a tip. Visit the Ravelry forum, or Fleegle's blog."
"However I am not into Knitting, I ordered this as a gift for someone else. I examined the contents and it seems very sturdy and all pieces were there. It Arrived a day before the arrival date and in time for Christmas. I would recommend this product."
"This kit is wonderful to get ya started. i personally need shorter cables and like more flexible cables. it is very stiff and it needs someway to lock the needles on the cable simply since it unscrews often. you need to check it frequently. otherwise great product. 3 stars since it is a bit of a pain to constantly check to make sure it is secure.
have a wonderful day:-)"
The NeedleMaster has everything I need for all my knitting patterns.  Using the gripper and key to lock the pieces in place and an occasional re-use to keep them secure is all I need to do to knit any pattern because I always have the size needles I need.  The system is less bulky than using two needles which tend to get in the way and stick out when sitting in a narrow space or close to someone else.  The flexible cables take up less room.  I recommend this set to knitters who have enough experience to need more than one set of needles.
"This was exactly what I was looking for, being new to knitting and looking to further my experience this is perfect for me because I can carry all the knitting needles around and start or work on a specific project. I wish it did come with more circular needles but those can always be purchased seperately.

I would recommend this to anyone wanting a knit set."
"This set is a good value. I see many of you are complaining about the cables and the puckering at the end of the needles but quite frankly you won't get anyhting better for the price. This is a good set. It has a great range of needle sizes that you won't find in other sets. The needles are also very good quality. Other sets cost upwards of $100 and aren't much better, and Interchangeable needles sometimes come loose. About the cables, they are stiff and not very good. But if you are a diyer like me ;)' there is a great tutorial on how to make your own....rheatheylia is her name...lokk it up. And with her method the metal parts of the needle cables are left out so they helps stop the puckering of the needle....try them. You won't find anything better for the price. It is a good set."
"Great quality, although the cables are a little stiff at first. I got this kit because I wanted to start knitting hats and this seemed the most economical way to get a variety of needle sizes. Unfortunately, even the smallest cable (12"") is still too long for hats. I can't find a smaller size ANYWHERE online, although replacement cables for the included sizes are prevalent. I might hang on to it because I like the colorful metal tips (easy to keep my sizes straight) and it is still a great range of sizes."
"good. Not try yet.... Will make something with it. Thanks. Like to recommend it to my friends. Why it needs to be 20 words to write the feedback review.  If its good, its' good."
This kit is proving to a true hit!  The only thing I have found lacking is that it did not include the shorter length cables.  It inspires creativity!
"this is a good product and as pictured and is as a everything was as good as expected, thank you"
"The needles come unscrewed SOMETIMES just make sure to use the tool to tighten it, the cord has a bump before the needleand yarn has to be pulled over it."
"I bought this with a large stamp, so had to dab the stamp with the inkpad, but the results were great.  The inkpad has a strong, reliable color that does not smudge easily, and the pad has not dried out.  Its a great size for small projects when you don't need or want to make a large investment."
"Whenever I teach someone to knit I recommend this kit because it's a great price and a good quality. Plus, the needles are all such fun colors!
Furthermore, in comparison to other kits, this one has a wider range of needle sizes, making it a much better buy.

The only downside of this kit  is that the needles sometimes start to come unscrewed, causing stitches to catch between the connector and the needle. However, this will happen with any screw-together kit, so the only way to get around it is to buy addi clicks which are almost 200$...

Anyways, I have owned this kit for close to 10 years; it hasn't broken and I haven't lost any of the pieces, so I'd buy it again in a heartbeat."
"I bought this when I first began knitting and it was good to begin with.  The connection area causes yarn to snag a lot and really slows me down.  They also tend to become unscrewed often unless I tighten them extremely tight. However, one time I was trying to tighten them and the end of the needle bent over the screw on the cord causing even more snag. So, overall these are decent for beginner knitters who won't be going fast or doing too challenging projects, but not good for advanced knitters."
Great buy. They were received quickly & in good condition. Certainly makes my knitting easier. I would recommend this set for all project sizes.
"I originally bought this set to ""test the waters"" with interchangeable needles without having to commit to a more expensive set.  Now, I've been using them for over a year and haven't felt the need to upgrade.  I've finished at least a dozen projects with this set, and I still love them.  Having the ability to quickly switch sizes when necessary (especially when swatching, in my experience) is great, and I love that the whole set is contained in a slim zipper pouch that fits in any one of my bags.

The cables are a little stiff, but certainly no worse than those on non-interchangeable circulars.  I haven't used more expensive sets, so I can't compare, but I don't find these so bad as to be prohibitive.  The needles have a slight tendency to start unscrewing, but usually only if I haven't tightened them properly to begin with.

Overall, a great introduction to this style of needle!"
"I have a lot of circular needles, various materials & cord lengths. I wanted a neat, zipper case with interchangeable needle tips for travel. I had a 50% coupon from a big chain store,and was very happy with the set.....until halfway through my first project the tip unscrewed from the cord and I had to pick up lost stitches.  I retightened the tip to the connector with the included tool, and used the rubber grip pad to secure it, only to have the tip loosen time and time again.
Then, I found that tightening the tip expands the bottom end of the aluminum tip and make a ridge that snags yarn. OK, I flattened the swedged end by rolling the base of the tip on a hard surface, snugged up the tip and continued my project.
But I'm really unhappy with the tip connecting system!!  I thought I was saving a lot of money by getting the Boye set ( and on sale, too!), but I have since taken the expensive plunge to an Addi Click system.  I knit for relaxation, not to fight my tools.
PROS; compact kit, neatly organized, nice sharp smooth tips, colorful, extra parts included.
CONS; the connecting joint is horribly designed and loosens no matter how carefully you follow the tightening directions.  I have no idea how some of the reviewers here can put up with this flaw--it's a deal breaker.
FYI; don't try using a temporary thread locking liquid like blue Locktite to keep the tip and cord screwed together. It works once, but is impossible to clean off the inner threads of the tip."
"The description of ""8 Sets of aluminum single-point knitting needles, with cable lengths 20-inch, 24-inch, 29-inch and 36-inch"" is not correct. This set contains 13 pairs of needles for size 2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10,10.5,11,13,15. The cable lengths are 12"", 14"", 16"", and 21"". One needle is 4"" long. So it can knit circularly of 20"", 22"", 24"",29"". You can use couplers(come with the package) to make longer circule. The screwers did get loose while knitting, I had to do the ""check and tie"" frequently. But this set only cost 20% of those high end price. I'll say it's a good buy and it is functional."
"The product was exactly as described and I received it in record time.  The price was fantastic well below the price one would pay at a craft store or even in a discount store (where the selection is so limited that one couldn't have bought the whole set anyway).  It was so fast too that there was very little difference between going out and buying the needles in the store (about 3 times the price, if I could have found a set like this at a specialty store in the first place) and waiting for them in the mail.  I did a lot of research to find the best value and this seller was the best in terms of value, and they also were super fast.  My experience says that they are dependable."
I  like  that  the  Boye  Needlemaster  has  needle  sizes  from  size  2  up  to  a  size  15  in  the  same  interchangeable knitting  set  .
"This set of knitting needles works very well for me.  There are rough spots at the place where the needle connects to the plastic cord which causes the yarn to catch, but since I am just learning to knit and am pretty slow, I can work around it without problems."
"I love this set! The needles seem quite true. If you knit without tightening the needles to the cable using the tools, it will come unscrewed. However, attach the needles to the cable with the wrench, and it's a great set with plenty of versatility!"
"I bought this item because they came with so many different sized needles. These came in a nice zippered pouch. Keeps them all in one place. I like the fact that the cables screw onto the needles. I have heard people complain about them coming undone, so far I have not had this problem. I also like the different cable sizes, that comes in handy with the different knitting patterns. I would have paid a lot more if I had to buy the sizes separately. Buying these saves money for anyone that loves to knit, and does not want to spend a lot of money on knitting needles."
"The Boye Needlemaster circular needle set was the ideal purchase for me.  It is neat and compact, each size has its' own marked slot to slide into, and the zippered case makes for less stress when storing.  It'd be great as a gift (even if it is for yourself ;-) )"
"I hate these things... same complaints as others.  If you use the key and gripper to tighten well, they warp at the ends and snag the yarn.  If you don't use the key, they come unscrewed and snag the yarn.  I even tried to file the bowed out edges off of some of them, which helps a little, but on top of that, they are way too long with too stiff cords, so that they are very awkward to use, especially with the short cable.  I also wish you could make a shorter than 20"" needle, although it wouldn't even work with these anyway.  Spend the extra money to avoid the headache!"
My knitting ability will always be pitiful so this set is ok but the cables are extremely stiff which makes them harder to work with.  1 cable is already coming lose from the coupler.  You really do get what you pay for.
"This is unforgiveable! Wickedly disappointed in Boye kit. Two years ago, my right hand was crippled in an accident and my finances hurt. I managed to buy, through e-bay, an OLLLD (close to 50 years)circular knitting kit from Sears, so as  to expand my knitting as part of my therapy. But it drove me nuts 'cause the needles were always unscrewing from the wires.

Finally managed to get my finances back to a higher plane and went after a new kit. Boye came highly recommended and I found a great bargain here on Amazon.

Well, not only did the needles keep unscrewing just like my old one...now it's broken! Last night everything was fine. Today I start...and one of the needles breaks off with the screw piece inside.

This is NOT what I expect from a quality mfr OR from Amazon. You're telling me I can't return the kit, so What do you intend to do? It's a number 8 needle and the large circular wire.<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Needlemaster-40-Piece-Interchangeable-Aluminum-Knitting-Set/dp/B000WURGNC/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Needlemaster 40-Piece Interchangeable Aluminum Knitting Set</a>"
"I had seen interchangeable circular needles on various sites but drew a blank here in South Africa. I managed to find this set on Take A Lot (US Imports). Having to rely on a photo and reviews I decided it was worth the risk and ordered them. I am very pleased with everything supplied! The colourful needles are lovely to look at, the interchange-ability from lengths to circular to straight to stitch holders makes this perfect for me. I anticipated getting it in a tacky, if useful, holder. A very pleasant surprise, the zipped holder is understated and nice enough to leave lying around! All in all I am glad I treated myself to them and recommend them to anyone fed-up of tangled independent circular needles!"
"Needlemaster 40-Piece Interchangeable Aluminum Knitting Set, ]beautiful, sturdy knitting needles . . I am a happy camper.  I am happy to have this fully interchangeable set to make carve or even smapp things. . . needles are sturdy and nifty!  I love iem!"
i like the needlemaster interchangeable aluminum knitting set as long as you read the instrustions on switching out needles you will have not problems
"I was so excited when I found this set! I am the worst at buying a new pair of needles and loosing them before my next project. I thought this would be a great a one time investment and I wouldn't have to run to the craft store anymore. In theory this is wonderful but in reality I'm still running to the craft stores.

I received it a few nights ago and was going to try to use the 10.5 needles. I used the key like the instructions said but apparently it was overkill for the cheap aluminum. The end of one of them bowed out so now it catches & snags on the yarn and I am afraid will cut it. I've tried getting it back into place but all that did was distort the end more so now it not only catches but it also comes loose. The other needle is fine (I didn't use the key). I am learning it is nearly impossible to replace the needles from this kit in store and online!

As long as you don't overtighten I think this set would be ok - to me they aren't as comfortable as the regular Boye circulars. I'm thinking about giving them to my niece who wants to learn but it is a shame I paid $70+ for this and it broke before I got my first stitch on!"
"I am giving this set two stars because it's at least somewhat usable.  But every single time I complete a round/row I end up re-tightening the cable.  There is no way to tighten the ends so they stay.  I have forgotten to tighten and had my cable come undone several times, which is very frustrating.  Plus, the cables themselves are not very flexible and twist all over the place.  The set really should come with 16"" cables since they are used for hats.  I had to order this size separately.  I thought this would be a good entry level set because I'd have all the sizes, but I soon learned that it's not worth messing with.  Don't waste your money.  Invest in a better set or buy your needles as you need them."
The Interchageable Needle set is the best purchase I've done for knitting.  I have all my needles in one place and can change easily from one size to another with no fuzz.  I love them.
"I started a hat using in super bulky yarn and the size 13 needles.  I did my cast on of 78 stitches and worked 8 rows of k2p2 ribbing when the cable broke off of the connector.  At first, I thought that I hadn't screwed the pieces together tight enough.  However, I discovered that the plastic cable had actually broken and there was no way to work with it.

My stitches fell off the needles and I had to restart the project on straight needles and seam the hat.  This was a waste of money and time.  I returned them and ordered a different brand of needles from another manufacturer."
"I have been looking for interchangeable needles for a while. This was the best deal I found and couldn't pass it up.  I have only used them a few times now, but they work great!! I love that there is a ""key"" to lock the needles in and haven't has any problems.  The case is great too. Keeps everything neat and organized."
"I got this set through a magazine, figuring that it would save money in the long run. O, was I wrong!

Good Aspects:
-colourful
-case has numbered slots
-comes with a grippy pad
-several cables can be attached to make extra-long cables

Bad Aspects:
-fragile zipper pull (mine broke off with only gentle use)
-metal used to make needles is very soft (I warped the ends of several needles while screwing them onto the cords)
-fragile cords (the threaded portion of one my cables broke off in the needle while I was screwing them together)
-needle tips have a nasty, sticky feel to them
-the shortest cable makes the needles too long to comfortably knit a hat (possible to fix this with Magic Loop, but I don't like it)
-cables are very stiff
-needle tips come unscrewed

This set broke or warped very easily, and I didn't even use the grippy pad to screw the pieces together! I'd suggest spending a little more on a quality set, rather than this cheap pile of trash."
Need to make sure to tighten together with the rubber tip or the needle could come off the cable. Love it though. So compact and so much easier than having individual needles to store.
"I ordered the&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Boye-NeedleMaster-200-Interchangeable-Needle-Set/dp/B000WURGNC/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Boye NeedleMaster 200 Interchangeable Needle Set</a>, and was not sure what I was going to think of it.  I reada all of the bad reviews and was worried about the needles coming apart.  I have used the needles now for a large project and did not have any trouble.  The needles came a little loose when I was picking up stitches along the collar of my shirt because I had to twist to pick up along a tight edge, but normal knitting did not cause any issues.  I would also note that the threads on the needles are quite long, so if they do start to come loose you should notice before they come completely off.
The only down side I found with the needles is that the set comes with different sizes of cords to make circular/flexible needles.  If a person truly only wanted flexible needles they would have to order another set of cords or have two needles of different lengths.  I don't personally find this an issue because I plan on always using circular, but I felt it was worth mentioning."
love these needles i've used them for years.  the price was great and fast shipping i'd buy them again for a gift
"I received these needles as a Christmas present which I specifically asked for. How great to have every possible size circular needle I could ever want all in one place! I was extremely excited to try them. My hopes were soon dashed when I pulled the needles/cables out of the package.

The needles themselves are of great quality and pretty colors as others have noted. However, the cables are so incredibly STIFF it is nearly impossible to knit anything small on the smallest size. Also, the bend at the join is so terribly rigid it extends the ""needle"" making it very hard to knit anything small. I also had to keep re-screwing the needles to the cable which I found extremely frustrating. I am hoping they will possibly work better on larger scale products as they are unable to be returned to the store where they were purchased since it is now an open item. I say save your money and just buy the needles singly as you need them as this is NOT worth the hassle.

One other note for anyone else who is experiencing these issues: I did find this link which seems to provide a nice tutorial on how to make your own cables for this particular set. You can find it here: [...]"
I went to several knit shops and found this same thing for a minimum of twice the price! It makes traveling with a project so much easier.
"I have been knitting for more than 60 years. I really like the aluminum needles as they slide better, I am a fast knitter and need that slide.
I do not care for these needles.  They are not comfortable to hold.  The screw on tips do not stay on. They become unscrewed and you find all your stitches are now ""dropped""."
"then I would tentatively suggest this. This was my first set of interchangeables that I ever got and I didn't care for it. I was just tired of buying a bunch of circular needles. The cords were stiff, the length of the cords was bothersome as well, the needles came loose often, and the join was terrible when using the smaller sizes. When I tightened the smaller needles to the cord, the metal piece would flare out slightly and over time, this is a big issue. Customer service isn't great. However, there good things about it. First of all the set is available at most craft stores and Walmarts. In fact, if you have a coupon, it makes this set reasonable priced for the amount of needles it has The holes used to tighten the needles could be used as lifelines and there is a large array of needle sizes."
"Three years ago when I started to knit I purchased the Denise interchangeable needle knit, and so far these needles are quickly becoming my preferred set. The metal needles are so much faster to use than the plastic ones I have been using exclusively for the past three years- I have finished one hat already, and I only received these needles two days ago. The needles themselves have many more sizes than my old set- There are now a lot of projects which I can now do which were once completely out of my reach. And one of the nicest features for me personally is the compact size of this kit. The kit I used before stored in a large plastic case resembling a book. It was extremely lovely, but it also made it completely impossible to travel with.

However, this is not to say that the kit is not without flaws. The two main problems I have with this kit are both related to the connector joints for the cables. My first problem comes from the fact that the connector joint itself is excessively long. I see no reason for the joints to be two inches long. This makes for somewhat strained knitting on the shortest cable included. Which is problematic for me personally because I adore knitting hats, which is far more difficult with the ridged ends. Also, I would like to see a smaller cable size for knitting small circular items. The cable size I tend to use the most often is the 17 inch long variety, but I am not sure how well that would work with the aforementioned long connector joints. However, the feel of this kit overall is much more professional compared to the Denise Kit. The joints for the Denise kit are a simple peg system- that gets undone quite easily- which resulted in many a doped stitch.

So in short-
Pros: Metallic needles by virtue of being metal are far faster to work with, the needle size goes down to size 2's- which opens a lot of doors option wise for knitting, and the kit is small and portable.
Cons: The connector joint is very long, making for an awkward knitting experience at first. Also, the cable lengths themselves are more suited to larger projects, such as sweaters, rather than smaller objects, such as hats for children. (well without using the two circular needle method)"
"I got a Boye for Christmas in 1984, and I still use it and love it.

I've never had any problems with the needles coming loose, unless I forget to use the tool and the rubber gripper to tighten them first.

It's nice to know that I have most of the sizes I'll ever need when I see a knitting project."
"This is good for getting a set of most of the needles you will need (from 2 to 15). I am not fond of the metal needles but not a big deal. My biggest issue is that the needles unscrew themselves as you are working. This gets annoying. I like this set because it is compact and travels really well. Even though I like the feel of straight needles the circular needles allow for a diversity of projects. This set comes with three lengths (S, M, L)of wire which allows you to work just about any project because you can connect the wires to each other as well as use them alone. The set comes with ends to make two separate needles but I find this useless. I use them as stoppers when I put a project down to keep it from sliding off. Overall I like this set; It is great for traveling and useful at home but I will not get rid of my other needles just yet."
"I am a long time knitter.  I have had this set for many years and it is great set to have on hand.  I prefer knitting with vintage nylon circulars that are not made anymore, but I still use my Boye set from time to time.  This set is a bargain too.  Just be sure to really tighten the needle on to the cable. In addition, I have learned how to  make my own cables for this set using weed eater line, screws that fit into the needles, nylon tubing, and glue.

Once you get the inexpensive supplies, it is quite easy to make any length cable you want and the weed eater cable is much thinner and flexible than the Boye cables.

Just do a google search with--make your own boye needle interchangeable cable--and the link to the instructions will come up.

Happy knitting!"
"Package was delivered in two day. Casing and needles colors are beautiful, love that about this set.
Neddles aren't the best, but they do the job,and have no problem with them.
However the cables are way to stiff, they are kind of unconforble to work with and you feel like it's pulling/making unnecessary preasure. Notice sometime the cables and needles come loose and have to screw them back again. That makes me a little nervous everytime I use them.

For the price is not bad, but for the description of the vendor I was exopecting more.

;-(

Are there any cables that will screw to these needles that aren't too stiff? help anyone?"
"Every thing (and more) all in one little case. The needles are easy to attach, the cables are plentiful. Great purchase or gift for any kntter."
"I purchased this set in spite of it's reviews because I needed a cheap set to work with. It has been mentioned that the needles come unscrewed as you knit, they do, enough to be annoying. But if you can put up with a new routine of knit, knit, twist then you won't have a problem with these. It seems the bigger needles need less adjustment during knitting than the smaller needles do. I enjoy the bright colors and interchangeability but if you are into magic loop then these aren't for you they don't have a long enough cable. Ordering replacement parts, should you lose/break some, seems also to be a challenge. Overall I give it a b+"
"Ok, so why would you want this set?
Metal needles have more slide.  I haven't been able to knit for three days due to the strain of pushing an acrylic yarn across a plastic needle to finish a gift on time.  I know, I know.  What kind of person gives away projects made of acrylic yarn?  The kind that gives the needle away too.
You won't have to sell a body part on the black market to pay for the set.

Why would you not want this set?  Metal needles have more slide.  You may turn your needles as you knit.  You may be a plastic needle loving masochist.

There are 4 size cables and 8 size needles.  (read with obnoxious tv voice) But wait there's more!  Put one size smaller on the left end of the cable and knitting is MUCH faster.  So how many combinations is that?  Over 60!  Now multiply that by the cost of one set of circulars.  Where's the better deal?  Also, I won't sign this part in blood, but I believe shorter cables are available on the manufacturer's site for about $2 each.  But they also have metal dp sets.

(read with a disgruntled tone)But the stupid tips keep twisting off!  -  Maybe it's just you.  If you still own the  %$^#&@! plastic needle, make a small mark with a permanent marker on the right needle.  Put the mark near the tip, so you can see it, and start knitting.  Does the needle turn as you knit?  If it does, you will likely have problems with this set.  If not, throw out that *&%$ plastic needle and buy a set!

The cables are a little stiff, but they aren't like knitting on a cold garden hose. I haven't noticed any stiffness related knitting problems.

Oh yeah, there are some really big metal circulars available (but not in this set).  Wish I'd known that sooner."
"If there was a rating lower than one star I would give it to this set of knitting needles.  They come loose no matter  how you tighten them.  Don't use the key to tighten these needles because it causes the attached end to bow out and that ruins the needle.  The yarn catches on the needles where they attach.  They have come unattached while knitting and that is very irritating.  The needles smaller than #10 aren't as bad, but I bought these so I would have all the sizes and now I'm back to a few because of the bowing of the larger needles.  There has got to be a better system."
"The joins between the cables and the needles are rough. They pull some yarn away every time around. The needles and cables constantly come unscrewed. I tightened them with the tightening tool, which helps. Now they come unscrewed every 50 or so stitches instead of every ten. The join between the cables came completely unscrewed in the middle of a project and about 75 stitches came off the needles. It was difficult to twist the cables back together because the cables had stitches on them. The color coding of the needles is really handy. All the needles of a given size including double points and shorter cables are the same color. It makes it really easy to locate all needles of the same size."
"I recently started knitting and got tired of chasing down new needles every time I wanted to try a new size.  This set totally solved that problem--it was perfect for that!

I mainly wanted to talk about the cables they include, because all of them but the longest one are too short!  Yes... if you use the shorter ones, the needles will unscrew.  Their clever key and rubber pad technique just doesn't work with short, stiff cords.

They should ship these with longer cords and instructions for using the magic circle technique.

However, this won't help if you make socks or other really small diameter items.  For that, I would not recommend these needles."
"I prefer aluminum, and I really like these needles but the cables are terrible. They're just way too stiff and besides, I use magic loop and needed at least 40"". Once I made my own cables (Using #2-56 screws with the head cut off, the ink tube from a pall point pen, weed eater line and super glue) I was in heaven. I made myself 4 different magic loop cables ranging 40"" to 60"" and couldn't ask for more from a set for the price."
"This is a good-quality needle set that won't bust your wallet. They come in a nice little case that I also use to hold a tape measure, stitch markers, 4"" scissors, and other tools.

No interchangeable knitting needle set is perfect, and this set is guilty of the same shortcomings as other sets, namely that the needles tend to unscrew. This usually only happens to me if I'm using particularly sticky yarn or if I'm knitting very tightly, and I now unconsciously screw it back in as I'm knitting; so I don't really see it as a problem. If you screw it in tighter, it won't unscrew as easily, but beware that the aluminum can bend at the end of the needle where it screws onto the cable.

My other complaint is that the cables aren't longer. I know that most people like shorter cables, but I tend to figure eight with circular needles, which is much easier to do with longer needles, and I also like when big projects like sweaters can spread out on the cable a little bit more. I don't like connecting the cables in this set since they connect at wonky angles and tend to unscrew.

One thing I love about this set is that it goes down to size 2, which is smaller than a lot of other sets I've seen. It's perfect for knitting my husbands' wool socks.

Bottom line: I recommend this set to knitters who like knitting on the go and on a budget."
"In response to some of the other reviews here, I'd like to add my own experiences with the Boye Needlemaster.

  Having crocheted since I was a child, I took up knitting when I retired. It's been an adventure trying out all the new techniques in knitting.  I can't get over how much less yarn I need to complete a knitted project, then crocheted.
  Two winters ago I discovered that the 16"" circular is what I needed for hats, and I started a collection 16'' circulars, and found that the Boye circular needles were my favorite, for their smoothness, long points and sturdiness.  Some of the other needles (bamboo, plastic, etc.) actually came loose from the cords and were not repairable.  Or the yarn would stick at the connection, or it was too awkward to join the circle, because the needles were so straight.
  Last fall I started making scarves lenghtwise and triangular shawls,  and found that I could get well over 72"" of knitting on the 29"""" circular. I couldn't spread it out and see how it looked, but I could work on it quite easily, I just needed point protectors when I put it down.
  This fall I started a new triangular shawl, where the 2 short sides of the triangle are on the needles. I was working it without any problems, but I couldn't tell how big it was getting or how I looked.
  Then I saw this set on E-bay at a very low price with no bids on it. I came over here to Amazon to check out the reviews of the set, which really is expensive, even in the craftstore with the coupon.  I couldn't understand why no one was bidding on it. Boye has always been my favorite in crochet hooks and single points, so I went ahead and bid it up. I guess it was my lucky day because I won a brand new set of the Boye needlemaster for a song!
  When it came in the the mail, a few days later, I took the 2 longest cables and joined them up with the needle size I was using and I knit my shawl from my 29"" needles to this set and I was able to spread it out and try it on. Now I could see that it was coming out beautifully and that it was almost done!  As I worked my second row with the Needlemaster, halfway across I found that because the cable was so long, it was curling up and making it difficult for the stitches to move along.  I was glad to come to end of the row and shorten the cable.
  A 29"" circular is sufficient for most projects, except that you can't see how it's progressing.  With this set, however I can switch over to a longer cable and back again. Because I find it so much easier to work with the shorter cord.  Try it!

To sum up:
  It's very handy having all the sizes and all the cord lengths in one little package, because I'm always switching needles and lengths around to find the just the right size.
  The connections won't come apart easily, they screw on with quite a few turns - they can't slip off.
  If you need a longer or shorter cable as you go, you can just change over.
  The connections are very smooth, even smoother than than some of the joined circulars out there.
  The connecting ends of the needles are tapered to a smooth point and could probably be used as double points in a pinch, like to finish off a hat.
  I think that some of the bad reviews were from people who are not very expeienced with other types of knitting needles. You can get along with this one set just fine. I couldn't ask for a better set of knitting needles.  I am just as pleased with this set of Boye interchangeable needles as I have been with other Boye products."
I bought these needles when I first started knitting. They connectors come unscrewed & drop stitches row after row. It doesnt matter how hard you tighten them either. A few of the needles from being screwed on flowered out at the bottom where they connect & now they snag my yarn. This is the most frustrating part of all. Luckily I got them at Michaels with a 50% coupon. I guess I got my $25.00 worth. They sounded like the perfect idea but they are so crappy I'm embarrassed to take them to my knitting class in fear someone will see me using them. Please take my word for it don't waste your money.
Love this item! I usually have multiple projects going and never enough needles. This makes it so much easier to always have the right size. And love that I can make longer circular needles. Great product and would recommend it to anyone that likes to knit.
"Horrible needle set. interchangeable needles are useless because it dislodges frequently causing the yarn to unravel! save your money and instead buy ""ADDI TURBO"" needles which make knitting much faster and does not dislodge!!!!"
"I bought this using a 40% off coupon at my local craft store when i learned how to knit 5 years ago.  For a beginner, this set will work--a decent price to have all the different size needle tips and cables all at once.

I have since switched to a combination of addi turbos and knitpicks options--and what a world of difference!  The cables on the Boye are very stiff--I didn't really knit with ease on the Boye sets.  Changing out the needles was no problem, but despite using the key and grip to 'lock' the needle onto the cable, I found that the needle would still unscrew and become loose as I knit.  This didn't happen with the knitpicks sets (although I will say with the knitpicks needles, the cable did break off while I was almost finished knitting a sweater for my husband--it just couldn't handle the weight of a long sleeve 40"" chest size sweater!).

I would recommend this for beginners, but once you get past the novice stage, I would upgrade.  The better sets are well worth the extra money."
"Love this item!! Quick shipping... The item arrived just as stated. I was waiting for this so I could start a project I had that needed size 6 needles with a 16"" cord but I could not find the rounds that I wanted and when I saw this on line I jumped at it as this is pretty expensive in the stores but It was a great price here!! Thank you again!!!!!!!"
"I started a project with this kit a few weeks ago, and wanted to give it some time before making any claims.  My project needed size 2 and 3 36inch circular needles, neither of which I had, so I thought this kit would be useful.  Unfortunately, I had to use a connector to combine two of the flexible needle sections in order to get a 36"" length (which it was supposed to come with).  It came with 4 lengths, but the longest seems to be about 21"" which yields 29"" when combined with the needles.  Also, during the work with the size 3 needles I had difficulty moving stitches onto the needles, as the connectors change diameter abruptly rather than smoothly.  Also, although the extension connectors appear to be smooth, I also had to stop frequently to push stitches across the connectors as they appeared to catch on the grooves.  I just changed to the size 2 needles and this problem has become even worse.  I don't think I'll be able to continue with this kit on the size 2.  I have had no trouble with connections becoming unscrewed.  I would caution anyone who overtightens screws in an effort to make them stay, as this can cause the screws damage and they will be less effective.

Cons: size 2,3 needles same as connectors, making it difficult to slide stitches along
Lengths of needles do not correspond to original listing, requiring an extension to reach 36""

Pros: it's a good price, I think for projects with the larger needles (though I haven't tried) this kit will probably save me some money."
"After many years, I started needle knitting again and tried bamboo needles which I immediately loved.  A friend loaned me her Boye Needlemaster set when I tried circular knitting.  I've decided I don't like the Boye set for 3 reasons: 1) No matter how securely I think I have the needles secured to the cords, they can come unscrewed mid-knitting; 2) the shortest cord is 20"" which is too long for childrens hats; 3) my personal preference is bamboo needles, both for weight and feel.  I ordered the Blue Denise set, which is bamboo.  Some reviews for it claim the needles stay screwed together.  It also has much shorter cords."
"I've been using these (same original set) for years and really like them. I will say, they were the first ""set"" that I purchased after purchasing various sized straight and circular needles both wooden and aluminum.  I had tried the Denise set, but they weren't to my liking. I tend to knit ""tight"" so I prefer the aluminum as the yarn slides easily for me. These have been perfect for both straight and circular knitting. I suppose I've gotten used to any little idiosyncracies...yes...you do have to check to make sure they are screwed in all the way and tight.  If you start with them screwed tight (I belive that's what the little hole in the side and the white rubber pad are for..) you shouldn't have a problem. I find that my yarn get's caught up a little, so it's my warning to check the connections.  I've never had a needle fall off or lost a stitch due to it loosening. Yes the case is not the most attractive...but who cares? It's about the needles, not the case. Bottom line...to each his own...I think each knitter has a preference based on the way they like to knit...if you like aluminum...you'll probably love these. I wouldn't hesitate to purchase again."
"I'm a new knitter, so maybe I have developed an elitist needle attitude yet. However, being new to knitting, I didn't want to spend a fortune on needles. This handy little set allows me to knit to my heart's content without picking up a new set of needles every time I try a new pattern. I'm sure these aren't the best...I did have to make sure they didn't come unscrewed occasionally (I'm telling you if they just had the threads reversed it wouldn't be an issue..grr!). I'm pretty partial to aluminum needles as well, so that works out. Overall, I wouldn't pay the $70ish for them at Hobby Lobby, but when they're discounted like this, it would be a waste of money not to buy them."
"I bought the Boye NeedleMaster for my wife (and to a certain extent for myself) with a certain amount of trepidation because of the reviewers who complained of loosening needles.  It hasn't been a problem for us, nor was it with a friend whose needles we tried out before purchasing.  I wasn't hassled on international flights.  The case is indeed kind of chintzy, but for what we paid I can't complain.  It does what it's supposed to do and we are pleased.  In the end that's what counts."
"I received this as a gift for Christmas when I was just learning to cast on and knit and purl. It was great for a beginner, but might not be so great for a more experienced knitter.

Pros
- Fills out your collection of needle sizes quickly. This is very important for a new knitter who undoubtedly has gaps in his or her needle collection.
- Nice metal needles in fun colors. It's better to go cheap with metal than to go cheap with wood, in my opinion; wood can chip, but metal is hardy.
- Portable! When I need to just stuff a new project in the bag and go, I can just reach for my handy needle set and know that I'll have the right needle size, even if my gauge requires a different needle size than the pattern specifies.
- Readily available in stores. No peering at jpegs on a computer screen when trying to decide if it's right for you.
- The four cables are convenient sizes.

Cons
- The cables are a bit stiff. You can hook them up together to make a super-long cable, but it won't be flexible enough to do a magic loop because of the joint. If you want to do magic loop, you're going to have to fill up your collection with separately-bought 40-inchers.
- Ahh yes, the joints. Yes, they start unscrewing themselves. Because I essentially learned to knit with this set, I got used to checking them. Unfortunately, now even when I'm using regular non-interchangeable circulars, I periodically check the joint to make sure it's not coming unscrewed. I will say that I've never had a project ruined, although on a few occasions I've let out a few expletives as I threaded stitches back onto an unscrewed cable.
- The smallest circular you can make is 20 inches. If you're a hat person, especially a hat person with a small head, this might not work for you. I have successfully made hats with it, though, and my head is not particularly large.

All in all, it has its shortcomings, but it's a great tool for a new knitter, especially one who wants to fill out their collection of needles without spending too much time and money."
"I do like this set very much. So much that I purchased a second set to work on multiple projects. It's always fun to start another project! On occasion the cable has loosened and now I keep an eye on connection as I work. The points are just right, the metal is smooth, the tip size assortment is great for a wide variety of projects.
Happy knitting to anyone using this set."
"Fine for small projects, but needles kept falling off and ruining a project.  I would never buy these again-----a circular needle that is all one piece way more worth the price."
"This was the first circular needle set that I purchase when I had been knitting for about a year.  It's okay to start out with, but over time I have found it to be a less than desirable product.  Several of the reviewers have mentioned some of the reason as to why I don't care for this product, but I will repeat them as reiteration that the problems are not unique to a single user.

The Good:
-The only positive thing about the kit is that it includes smaller sizes (2, 3) that are not often found in other kits.

The Bad:
-The cables are stiff and when you turn project.
-The cables ends are not straight, there is a 10-15 degree bend. This results in a circular needle that is not straight when laid out.  It looks somewhat like \________/. This can be awkward to work with, especially when sliding the stitches towards the needle tip whilst knitting.
-Yarn has a tendency to catch at the connection between the needle tip and the connector.

The Ugly:
-Although I am diligent about tightening the needles when I start a project and periodically tighten them during a project, on several occasions the needles have come completed unscrewed resulting in the loss of many stitches. This was also true for one project in which I used a connector between two cables to make one long cable.

Solution:
I have recently purchased and began using the Options Nickel Plated set from Knit Picks.  So far, I have found that I like this product better. The price of the Knit Picks Options set is comparable to the Boye set, however, the size range is sizes 4-11.  At some point in the future, I will purchase a second Options circular needle set from Knit Picks but with Harmony Wood tips for use when I travel."
"I am getting back into knitting after learning how to do a basic knit and pearl when I was under 10 years old.  I'm now almost 40!  I want to REALLY learn how to knit actual stuff now - and not make just shapeless squares ... lol.  So I'm getting serious with the knitting hobby now and will be off to my first ""open knit"" group next week!

I have no knitting supplies whatsoever, but I do know after buying a few knitting books within the past month that a variety of needles is a must.  I am an avid researchers and researched needle kits.  I was up in the air between Needlemaster and the Denise kit.  Obviously one can save a lot of money by buying a kit and not buying circular needles individually.  I learned from my grandmother in her aluminum needles many years ago - and so that is what I feel most comfortable with.  To me, it would seem strange to work with plastic or wood needles and I know aluminum will last for years.

I decided on the Needlemaster despite a few people having problems with the needles coming ""undone"" at the screws.  I just received my Needlemaster and followed the directions to ""lock"" the needles into the cable with the key.  I have knitted an entire scarf so far and the needles never came apart or even came loose!

I did notice in my research that the Needlemaster kit has been around for decades.  I doubt it would have been around for decades if it was crappy!  So make sure you follow the instructions on how to tighten the lock with the key in order to prevent slippage.  To be on the safe side, I will probably tighten the ""lock"" every few hours on a project  - which literally would take under 30 seconds to do.

My yarn has not been snagged on any place on these needles or the cable.

I LOVE this kit and am very thankful that it has allowed me to get back into knitting without spending a fortune!

Buy it and you won't be sorry :)"
I had no experience with stamping and embossing when I bought these online and I guess it's my own fault for not measuring it but these are tiny! I don't know what you would even use them for.
"This product is a great solution to an annoying and expensive problem. I started knitting 9 months ago and I prefer using circular for everything because why but straight needles you can only use for half your projects? Circulars work for scarves and sweaters and hats.  The only problem with Circulars is that I've ended up spending something like $80 on needles! And then I found this product, which have every needle size I could want -one set of each, which is alright unless I'm doing multiple projects, which I do- and lengths of plastic in the traditional varying lengths. Now that I've done two projects with this set I've got a few compliments and one HUGE complaint.
Pros:
* The metal needles make the stitches move very smoothly along
* The points are the right pointiness to make picking the stitches up very easy
* the kit comes with a replacement form so if I wanted I can buy more needles and wires to make multiple projects easier.
* If you have to change needle sizes for say, a sweater or boarder, you just smooth all the stitches down, unscrew the needles and put the new size on! Very efficient and convenient.

Con:
* I have yet to figure out how to get the needle points and the wire to not come unscrewed while I'm working! This is by far the most annoying, evil thing that has ever happened to me while knitting! I've had to consistently stop knitting to retighten every round or so and I've actually dropped stitches before."
"This is a great set. the only problem I've had is that it is pretty impractical to use them as straight needles, Its much easier to just attach them together as circulars. If tightened properly I've not had any problems with them coming unscrewed. The main reason I gave this a 4 instead of a 5 is because the case it all comes in is so ugly! its an ugly brown leather case, and looks very manly. But I would still recommend it!"
"I bought this kit about a year or two back because a lot of patterns tell you to change needle sizes in the middle of a project. It is a very good kit for the casual knitter, but more trouble than it is worth if you are literally ""addicted"" to knitting.  It is a very bad kit if you use only one length of cord a lot.

The kit comes with a complete set is needles (sizes 2-15) and four different lengths of connector cables.  The kit allows you to connect two or more cables together to knit on very long circulars.

The incentive to buy this kit is that you don't have to spend a lot of money to get all the needles sizes and lengths of circulars.

The drawbacks of this kit are that the needles sometimes slowly unscrew from the cord.  I had to buy a second kit from a brick/mortar store because a cord broke on me and left me without a way to finish what I was currently knitting. It is a major hassle to order replacement parts.  To order replacement parts you have to print out a order form and send the form with a check and wait 4-6 weeks. The customer service hours end rather early unless you live in the Central time zone (I live on the west coast).

I would have given this product 4 stars if they had a easier way to obtain replacement parts."
"I'm a new knitter and I saw this as a great way to get a range of needle sizes for all the different projects I wanted to complete, which worked.  While I now have various sizes of needles, I find them a bit strange to work with (again, I'm a newbie).  The cables seem really stiff- once, I was working with the size 15 needles and the longest cable, one of the needles slipped from my hand and because of the way I was turning my work and the stiffness, the needle smacked me in the face.  Nothing tragic, but the cables have a bit of a snap to them.  No problems with keeping the cables screwed into the needle like others have mentioned- just use the tools provided and they will stay put.  The case... well don't expect anything pretty.  It holds everything snugly- so you won't open it up and have needles spill out all over the place."
"Despus de haber ledo todos los comentarios estaba indecisa en comprar pero realmente estoy muy contenta de haberlo hecho.
Me encantan mis ajugas sus colores son muy lindos. Para que no haya problemas y se suelten o desenronsquen hay que apretar bien con la llave que trae.
Otra cosa el grosor del cable para mi no es problema por el contrario me gusta mas asi que los tan finitos que se enrollan mucho.
Recomiendo a las principiantes y a las mas avanzadas este kit porque ya no habr necesidad de comprar mas ajugas quizs ms cables de otros tamaos y poder tener varios proyectos.
Estoy muy satisfecha y voy a comprar otro kit para mi hermana en su cumpleaos ya que las vi y qued enamorada de ellas."
"They are a good investment. To insure the needles won't come undone, use the wire ""key"" to tighten your connections. If your hands get tired easy or get tendonitis, use bamboo. The hardness of metal needles aggravate tendonitis.
I do not recommend these needles for delicate lace knitting as it could possibly snag and the slipperiness of the needles could make your progress frustrating.

I use these needles frequently when I'm knitting scarves or hats using wool or acrylic yarn."
"I was very excited to get this set because I am always looking for different length circulars, the set I have you can make 12, 16 inch circulars as well as the larger sizes. I have to say I hate this set. The cables are so unflexible they are impossible to work with. I even tried letting them soak in hot water multiple times to loosen them up, with no success. If anyone is wanting to try magic loop knitting, this set is NOT the one. It will not work well because the cords are so stiff.  Also, the needles come loose when knitting, and the way the cable attachs to the needle makes the yarn catch. Another minus is that the needles have no marks on them that tell what size they are, so if you put them up in the wrong order, you have to figure out the size."
These needles are great for those who want to practice knitting with circular needles. Please do not use these needles to tighten up your knitted work. I accidently pulled on them so hard that the plastic tube broke off inside one of the needle tips.
"I was very exited to get this product. First of I got it for $33 and it came within 3 days! I love them! The case of course is cheap and I wonder how long the pockets will hold but the needles, so far are great! Again, I just started using them and there is no problem with the connection of the cables. The only little detail that is a little annoying is the fact that the cables are not as flexible, they are like a very thick fishing line, so they don't just hang freely. I hope, with time they will get softer.
Over all, great, great, great. I love the fact that you can make them into a flex needles, double the cable length and have every size needle possible, all in one set.
I think if you are a good knitter you can need with your fingers too, so be happy you have these great options out there and this particular product is great."
"This product is wonderful in that by buying one product, you get virtually every size circular knitting needle that you could ever want. HOWEVER, the length of the cord on the circular needles tend to all be pretty short though that's not really a big deal.

The biggest and main problem that I have had with this item is that while knitting, the needles will become unscrewed and either stitches will be dropped when the needle comes off completely,

OR

when the needles become only partially unscrewed, the yarn will get caught in the space between the need and the cord, and can get pulled or even get stuck.

These two things can become a major frustration when you're working on a rather time consuming project.

OVERALL, a great concept but it needs troubleshooting"
I had been considering this purchase for a long time.  I found the set here on sale and was most pleased upon receipt.  The texture of the needles is perfect. The kit is easy to use even for folks with wrist issues.  the points work wonderfully with lace knitting and fine yarns.  I am considering buying a second set since I keep multiple projects on needles.  I would recommend buying additional cables.
"I love the Needle Master, The knitting possibilities are endless with it.  There were no missing parts and everything was neat and organized. It has 4 different length cords, then 2 links so that you can connect cords together for an even longer cord. I've looked at other sets since and not all brands carry the connectors. I love how all the needles are are a different color so that its easier to know at a glance which 2 needles go together. Again this is not always true of other brands. The case is also very compact and stores flat so it's easy to slip into any bag to bring with you."
"I've used these needles for quite a few projects already and find them to be excellent.  After reading many reviews I ordered them and I carefully follow the directions for attaching the needles to the cable  and have had NO problems with them unscrewing from the cables or 'mushrooming' at the connection point.  At the suggestion of a more experienced knitter in my group, I put a one size smaller needle on the left side and the appropriate needle on the right when working in the round.  This makes it much easier to slide the work from the cable onto the left needle.  That is a cool trick that can't be done with a regular circular needle!  Also, the convenience of having so many needle choices in such a compact case can't be beat!"
"I bought this set after someone at work showed me hers. As an amateur knitter, I think this set is wonderful. Because I do all of my knitting (even straight knitting) on circular needles, it was so much easier to buy the set than to buy all of the different needles and cable sizes needed to complete all of my projects.

For those of you having trouble keeping the cables tight, make sure you use the key that is given. After you twist it by hand as much as it will go, get the key and the rubber grip and twist it the rest of way (instructions are on the instruction sheet). This is a VERY important step. I decided to skip this step once, and my needles and cables came apart. Hopefully, this will solve your problem; if not, I would call the company."
"I received this needle set as a gift.  I was so excited about it, I went out and bought a set for my stepdaughter.  I hope she doesn't knit as much as I do or she will be as frustrated as I am.  The needles constantly come unscrewed!  When I use the smaller needles (3 or 4's) they unscrew as I'm finishing each row.  Pain in the ___.  I'll save this set for my daughter to start knitting again with but I'll never buy another set of these.  Poorly made."
"This is a great set of needles.  The case is well made and allows for easy organization, the needles are well made and can be used for circular or straight knitting.  I use them for everything I can.

When I first started using them, one of the points came unscrewed and I lost my work.  However, I learned from then on to always use the tightening rods included in the set and really tighten every joint (between needle & cable and between cable extensions).  I haven't had a problem since.

My only critique is that the joints between cables sometimes are hard to push stitches over because they have an angle to them."
"I bought this set (using a coupon at a craft store website) when I first decided to get into knitting.  It serves its purpose well, and has accompanied me through a lot of my early learning.  You can use these as straight or circular needles, in all the standard sizes; it really is potentially all you'd need for most projects, but you can order additional cords in larger sizes, extra end caps, and other items you might find helpful if you become more serious about knitting.  I think that circular needles are easier to hold than straights and put less weight on your hands as you work-- which is very helpful after a long period of knitting.  It is even possible to fudge double-pointed-needle patterns with this set; search knitting video websites for help on how to do that.

As you become more serious, though-- dare I call it Knitpicky?-- there'll be things that might lure you away from this, your first set.  Many people end up preferring bamboo or wooden or plastic needles, for example; these are metal.  Others want to learn new techniques for knitting small items, like the Magic Loop method; this set isn't compatible with that.  A lot of knitters end up opting for other needle systems, like the Denise system or the Knitpicks Options system.  (If you want to read a good comparison between the Denise and the Boye systems, look up the review at knitty dot com by Amy Singer).

But why worry about all those possibilities just now?  If you're beginning, this set will serve for quite some time.  You can upgrade later with all the money you saved from not having to buy individual sets of needles for each of your first few projects.

But I still haven't upgraded mine, and it's been five years now.

ps-The coming-unscrewed problem other reviewers mention can be avoided by using the included tighteners religiously whenever you start a new project (I don't, because I'm lazy and impatient, and still rarely have problems)."
"I got this set when I first started knitting as that was much easier and cheaper than buying all the straights and circular needles. While it was nice having all the different size needle right there, they would come unscrewed which was annoying and they would disconnect and they stitches would be dropped. I had to check quite frequently that they were not coming unscrewed. I tried knitting with the smallest needles, and the yarn kept getting caught at the connection, because it was wider than the needle. so since we were traveling, we had to stop at a store so I could get dpns of the size I needed instead. I ended up selling these and getting the Denice interchangeable. I like them MUCH better and don't have the same issues."
"The joins between the needles and cord were rough, yarn kept catching. But for the price, I'm able to make some of them work with certain yarns."
"Have had these for years, I think they're underrated on here. Are they Addis? No, but they're also not 17 dollars for a single GD needle. This is a solid set. Just make sure you tighten them properly. They've held up better than the few knit pick's I've had over the years.

If you're a lace knitter, you'll be disappointed in these. Ends are blunt. I'm don't do much lace knitted, so I don't really care.

If you need to do the magic loop, the cables will be too stiff for you. Again, I don't knit socks so I don't care."
"Great needle set for a good price. Not the best one on the market, but you cannot beat the price point, and you can use it easily with the chiaogoo small connectors and their S size cables. Its own cables are a bit hard, but for a big shawl it's not a problem. It does not come with a cable to make a 16 in circular, but purchased a chiaogoo 8in cable for it, and it came to a 17in total circular, which is totally fine for adult hats. I see what others saying about coming unscrewed, it can happen sometimes, but I got into the habit of checking on it after a few turns. If you not twitching your project around a lot, it's not gonna be an issue. All in all, it's a great set for the price."
Was gift
Good pigment. Perfect color for what I was looking for
"I was worried with reviews and knowing I tend to knit tight and am rough on needles. They do tend to unscrew a bit, so every couple rows I check and tighten them back down. But talk about convenient. I carry the case in my bag and am able to switch tips quickly as needed and play around with gauge and circular length. Definitely recommend for those that begin knitting yet have patience to deal with the unscrewing problem.

If just starting out, buy the size you need elsewhere and get used to circulars before taking this leap. I survived years on cheap circular needles in popular sizes (8-10.5) and am just now venturing into smaller/larger and changing size in one piece. Would be an amazing kit with the addition of yarn needles and a sizer/gauge measuring tool. Throw in some stitch markers and cable needles and you're all set for most any project."
"This is a great set! I made a blanket with them and never had a problem with the it coming apart. As long as you use the tools included to get a tight fit, nothing is going anywhere. There are a couple needles that have a little ridge where they connect to the metal of the plastic piece, but not too hard to work around. I found that I cannot make a child hat in the round, because the needle and coupler piece are too long to make a small enough circle, but I can make an adult hat so I'm happy. Overall, really like this product and would recommend."
I just finally got around to using these and one cable has the coupler broken off and all the rest of the cables are not attached to the couplers right so there is a gap making the cables useless.  It is my fault for not looking more closely so now I am unable to return them and the cables were what I was needing most.  They came in an unopened package
"The needles are to long, I cant use them. The small metal anchors that hold the needles are to long,  Doing any kind of  knitting is not possible"
"Typically, I don't review things, but this set was a bit of a disappointment. I'm making a throw (blanket) and it has some wide cabling which causes the knitting to get a bit tight. These needles screw onto the cable, and the tightness of the knitting kept unscrewing the needles so I would have to stop about every 20 stitches, part my knitting, and screw the needle down tight again. This had to be done despite using the little tighteners that came with the set. Additionally, I sat on the knitting accidentally and broke one of the cable joiners. Understandable, sure, but it's just one more thing to deal with instead of actually knitting. Anyway, the Denise set has more of a locking action and the transitions between the cables and the needles is gentler allowing for the knitting to slide from the cables to the needles without having to stop and adjust."
"The aluminium needles keep unscrewing during the knitting and may come off any time so that when you notice you have a lot of stitches ran down....
It has ruined what I made in 2 hours
Very annoying and dissapointing."
"I think I love the idea of this set better than the actual needles. It's great how many sizes of needles and lengths of wire it comes with but the needles tend to come unscrewed when actually knitting. It's a little annoying to keep screwing them back in every so often during knitting and I have gotten so in the zone that I won't remember and they will come apart so I have to be careful or my yarn will fall off. If they were a bit more functional, I'd be happier but I do like them and I don't regret buying them."
"So first and foremost, the cables provided are NOT the same lengths as those listed, they're actually much shorter! Second, the 16"" cable that was provided has a clear gap between the cable and the connector, causing the yarn to catch as I knit which is VERY annoying and slows down the process considerably. The 16"" cable is the one I use the most and I'm very disappointed with this kit.

UPDATE: The 8"" circular cable also has a gap between the plastic cable and metal connector that keeps snagging sock-weight cashmere yarn I'm using to knit a baby hat. Totally useless."
"I picked this set up when I was just starting out. The set was under $40 at the time I purchased it, and at that price it's worth it to someone who isn't sure if this is a hobby they will stick with. I've always had trouble sticking with hobbies, so I didn't want to invest too much money in this just to stop using it in a month. I had no problem knitting a shawl with it, but if you are using it for magic loop or anything that requires cable flexibility, this is not the set for you. The needle tips are nice and sharp enough to get into tight stitches. I upgraded to the Chiaogoo set which I will link at the end, and it's definitely worth spending the extra money if you can.&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/ChiaoGoo-7500-C-Twist-Red-Lace-Interchangeable-Set-2-75-10-0mm/dp/B00QXJP1QA/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">ChiaoGoo 7500-C Twist Red Lace Interchangeable Set, 2.75-10.0mm</a>"
Great set but cables are very short notice as advertised  is there any way to get longer cables. Good gliding though.
"Fast service, excellent product. I'm already using & loving these!"
Cables were too far from needle on one side of all them.  Would get yarn stuck every single time.  Had to return.
love these needles....
"These are good needles. One set was discolored when they came but it is nothing that will affect there usefulness. You have to make sure and tighten the connection every once in a while or your tip may accidentally come off but, otherwise a good set of needles to have."
"This kit is very compact and contains almost everything needed for knitting.  The photo does not indicate that this is a zipper case and that the larger needles are in the other half.  It is very new for me, and I'm finding the nylon cables not as flexible as I'd like.  Some of the included accessories are stored in tight pockets making them somewhat difficult to remove for use."
pleased with my purchase
"I waited for a few months to really try these out and am glad I did to let the public know. I can't stand these. The needle points are so dull, the stainless steel needle paint comes off easily and you're left with a rough needle. The cables that are included are really stiff and your delicate yarn gets stuck on the  connections. I'd ask for a refund but know I payed for these in November. Please take my advice fellow new knitters. :-("
"I'm returning these needles....the joints where the cord attaches to the metal snags yarn, some of the needle tips are rough on the very first use, the joints come undone despite careful tightening, the cords themselves are awful...stiff etc. etc. etc. And a whole lot more. I'm totally disappointed and have ordered a much more expensive set. Don't wasteyour time and money on these cheapos!"
The kit doesn't have the cable lengths it says it does. Just wait till you get it so you don't end up with duplicate lengths like I did cause I bought more to increase with other cables then what it showed!
Product and service was awesome...
"I recommend this set to all my knitter friends.  It is important to  be sure to tighten the cable on to the needles with the included tightening key before casting on, which is something I did not know at first because there were no instructions. I found a short instruction video on-line, and have not had a problem at all.  I have knitted several hats with them, and I appreciate the ability to change needle size easily when a pattern calls for a change between rib and the hat patterns.  Also, the little envelope with the tightening keys has a connector to join different sized cables if you ever need to have a very long cable for a project.  The shortest cable I have been using seemed a bit stiff when I first used it, but soaking it in hot water for a while helped before my first project.  It's great to have this variety of needle sizes and cable lengths in a sturdy carrying case."
"Really, really disappointed with this product. The needles are constantly coming unscrewed. I always took care of them and put them back in the case and after 2 months several of the tips are almost unusable from light use. I have been using tape to try to keep them together but that is not even working anymore. Trying a different set."
Great set i use circular needles for everything now i have most sizes and different length
"Very affordable. For an advanced beginner, these are great. The paint on the needles has written off already with heavy use, but I'm happy.
Wish the needles themselves were shorter do I could get away from using Don for some things, like if they had a smaller than 16"" circular.

But I digress... These do the job. I'm happy with them. The case is very nice also. Easy to bring along."
Excellent set for the price. Only thing that would make it better would be if the needles were angled slightly.
Some improvements can be made.
"Saw the exact set at the local arts and crafts store for more than I purchased on Amazon, I knew the product was what I wanted and was able to save money."
"Awful, awful, awful.  Joins come undone, kinked cables, metal on join breaks when tightened too far but if you don't tighten that tight the join comes apart.  Smallest needle is smaller than parts on the cable- useless.  Upgraded to a hiya hiya set an never looked back."
"Great, always wanted a complete set.  Didn't like having to join two cords to make it long enough for my project but it has stayed together just fine. Totally worth the wait."
Hands down the best gift I got my wife. she keeps better track of this thing then she does her phone and keys.
Perfect.
"I am a beginner, so I'll just get that out of the way.  However, in my bumbling hands these feel pretty good.  Had a bit of trouble switching from wood ones I was using before, but that's the nature of metal needles.  The only true issue I found with these were that they do at times become unscrewed.  Otherwise, I'm a big (yet inexperienced) fan!"
Super fun to use!
"Stiff cables, gets twisty and awkward. Otherwise good product, never had the problem a needle of unscrewing from the cable by itself. I use the keys and the rubber pads to fasten the cables securely to the needles."
I would not recommend this. I've only had it a few days and have already broken three cords and a screw from one of them is firmly embedded in one of the size 8 needles. There is no excuse for this.
"I loved the idea of having a complete set of round knitting needles and was super excited to receive this kit. The needles have a nice finish and the accessories that it comes with are great. The only downside is that the sizes of the cables is misleading as it tells you the lengths of the actual cable instead of what they would be with the needles themselves, so when I needed a 12"" round needle it measured out to be 16-18"" depending on the needle. Of course, that may be a rookie mistake on my part, but just wanted to mention this for those like me that are looking for shorter round needles."
I was extremely hesitant to purchase anything such as this online but I'm very glad I did. Excellent product!
I can't wait to start knitting with these needles. Finally all my needles in one place and easy to get to. The only problem I have is that I received three number 4 needles and only one number 5 needle.
Comes with all the sizes you need and they are great quality.
Nice replacement for an old set.
Love the ink
Best price you'll find online for these. Great that this comes with so many needles but the connector cables suck! They pretty much always want to stay twisted and this makes it hard to knit with. I got these because I needed circular knitting needles but I honestly don't use this kit at all because the connectors and cables constantly become untwisted from each other and the needles. I'd have to always stop every so often to check  them. Plus side is that this comes with a nice case and the needles are color coded. That's about it.
love this product. nice color and easy to use.
"I bought this set to just have all the sizes. However using this set im not sure that I will being using it for larger projects ever again. They come in screwed which once you get used to tightening them up its not so bad. But until I realized what was happening i dropping about 40 stitches ouch...  :( than 80 rows later in  blanket I'm working my cable and my went to place the stitches back in and where my cable meets the needle it snapped into two making both peaces not usable anymore and dropping more stitches.
So yes, I'll use my set for small projects maybe or I may just not. I can't handle the stress of not knowing my work is safe on the needles."
"I had seen many good and bad reviews on these needles before I bought them but I decided to try them since it had so many needles, cords, etc. So far I have really liked these. This kit has needles from size 2 - 15 so 13 sizes total. It comes with 4 cord lengths plus additional connectors so you can create different lengths which is nice to be able to customize. It also came with 4 stoppers for straight needles. A rubber pad & key for attaching cords. The needles are short (4"") too, which makes it comfortable to hold (I prefer short needles). I also love that the case is compact but roomy enough to throw my measure tape, scissors, crochet hook & sewing needle in it easily so if I'm traveling I can have it all together. I read a lot of reviews about the cords being too stiff & that they come unattached easily from needles. They were stiff but easy fix: dip them in boiling water a few seconds at a time till they are flexible enough for you. If you use the key & rubber pad to attach needles they don't really come loose at all, I have had them come loose on 1 side once or twice but never fully disconnected & that was on longer projects or times that I did a lot of twisting of the cord from cramming it in project bags etc. Just keep an eye on it & you won't lose your stitches from a disconnect. I did break a key tightening a needle so careful with that but the set came with 2 so I am more cautious with this one! If that one breaks I'm sure I could use a small sewing needle or something as a replacement.
**Some things I would improve:**
*I do wish the stoppers would attach straight to the needle too for small projects.
*It would be nice if the needle size was stamped on the actual needle somewhere.
*If the keys were a little more durable."
"This is an attractive set, the needles are a nice texture, I thought I liked it very much.  But I am 1 skein into the first sweater I am knitting with it, and the needle just separated from the cable.  I thought it had come unscrewed.  No. It broke, with the screw in the needle.  The needle is ruined, the cable is ruined.  Un-useable.  Incredibly cheap.  I want a replacement, but they say it's already past the point when I can return it.
I don't recommend this!"
Very nice product
"This set was the right price for a beginner and allowed me to explore a huge variety of projects without investing too much money on tools. However, I find that the needles and cables unscrew so frequently that it really interrupts my work. Such a shame because in every other way this kit was great. Ultimately, I find myself buying replacements so I can knit without interruption. Not worth it!"
Nice color
"Great set of needles for beginners! Easy to attach. I've made hats, scarves, blankets with this set. There's only one problem: because aluminum is a soft metal, the ends that screw on can warp a bit if you accidentally screw them on too tight. This was a huge problem for me because my yarn started to snag to the point of breaking the yarn in the middle of a project."
I am a very infrequent knitter.  I will knit a project and not pick up another project for years.  Because of this I feel like a beginner each time.  I have had this product for a while but this is the first time I have used it.  I will give it 3 stars based on the fact that there is a large number of needle sizes and cable lengths in a convenient case.  I do like metal needles so that is another plus.  What I find I don't like is the rounded needle point.  I have a harder time getting the needle into the next stitch.  As opposed to needles that I have with a point on the end which is much easier for me.  While knitting the cable separated from the needle and I dropped quite a few stitches before I realized it.  I can correct this by checking the needle/cable connections at the end of every row but this seems like an added step that I have to remember.  Some people do not have this issue so it may be the way I knit that somehow twists the needle and loosens the connection.
Hard to beat Boye.
"I haven't used this set for long, or even for circular knitting yet. But I have knit half an asymmetrical shawl and a few swatches. I really enjoy using them so far. I love having all the sizes I need. I haven't had the needles loosen up on me yet either. I would definitely recommend investing in this set. Especially as a beginner set. And I would definitely recommend buying it on amazon as I purchased it here for $32. I've seen the same one at the craft store for $70, and the big box store for $80.  Even with the coupon it's a better price online."
purchased this as a Christmas gift for my sister who is very much into knitting. She likes that she can easily change the needle size without having to buy a new pack for each diameter.
"This was inexpensive, but I thought I would get everything advertised. Package did not include size 2 needles."
Was skeptical to purchase based on some of the reviews. So far they are great. Every now and then I tighten the needles but it doesn't bother me. Would recommend!
"This set is amazing. I was hesitant on purchasing a circle set as I own a dpn set already, I though I was good with just that till I made the choice to buy this.
And boy was I glad I did.
Every piece fits onto everything perfectly, the colors are great tones. The wires are perfect lengths and the connectors work great.
Pro tip, always use the little tightening key and grip paf.
I learned the hard way that those are heaven sent, haa"
"convenient and easy to use.nice case, have used it for several projects already. there are a couple things i dislike, i'd like for the sizes to be stamped on the needles and i'm getting some snag at the connection points"
"I would not recommend purchasing this interchangeable circular knitting set, because I have had it for about a year and two of the cables have broken in my needles making it so that I can't use the cable or the needle anymore."
"I LOVE this thing. The metal needles make it easy to move my stitches about, and the connectors mean I am able to adjust the length of the cable. I admit I did not now about that feature when I first ordered this, but it's my favorite feature now. It is nicely organized and the needles are color coded so I don't have to look for matching needles they're all paired up for me. I still have no clue how those button stitch holders work or what the circular pad thing is for, but other than that, this kit is Great! HUGELY satisfied, and Highly recommend this for other knitting nerds."
"completed my interchangeable set,thank you for making it affordable."
"I have a preference for metal needles and I think this is a great beginner set! It has the most needle sizes available compared to other sets and all the notions to get knitting. Learning how to fasten the needles properly with the included keys was the hardest part for me as there are no clear instructions on how to use the set properly. At first I found the needles would come loose, but after I learned how to tighten them they work great! Of course they do come loose after extended use so re-tightening is a must. I'm not sure about the quality of the cables and the needle-cable join, I feel like this may wear out pretty fast with extended use. The cables as also standard Boye quality and not as flexible as I would prefer, but they still work fine. Overall, very happy with this set and you just can't beat the price!"
Wife loves it.
Nice set.
"I love this set, it's so beautiful and I love showing it off to people. I used it for the first time yesterday and found like one of the needle tops couldn't screw into the wire. It was also shorter than the other so it seems like the screw part was taken off. That's the only thing wrong with it at the moment. Good for the cheap price, I guess."
"These are great. I knitted a sweater with them and had the tip fall off the cable only once (caught it before I lost too many stitches). After that, I made sure that I tightened the cables every time I picked them up to continue knitting. After that, I had no problem. The tips and cables are smooth, but the joins are a little bumpy - which is the only problem I have found. The price makes up for this. While I would love to try Options or Knitter's Pride, the price is quite prohibitive."
A good investment. Now I have more circular needles to make presents for my family and friends.
I LOVE YOU!! J'ADORE C'EST TRS PRATIQUE!!!
I've been using this set for over 25 years. I've had to replace a couple of cables because I've lost pieces or cables got chewed by the dog. You can feel them loosen occasionally. But give them a small twist.
"Love it. It's perfect for me. The only thing is, I wish the wire wasn't so stiff. Color scheme matches my other needles by size, which is a bonus I did not expect."
"I haven't used it yet, so I don't know if it is easy to assemble or not. but I love the fact that it comes with a red bag and everything is organized and I love the colors and sizes. Great!"
great product for the price you pay.
a couple of the links were not posted straight and the links tend to come unscrewed during work
"Mys second set works great, after returning the first set due to defect of one cable that wouldn't correctly attach to needles. I would have liked instructions for all the pieces - none were included in either set, and I've seen printed instructions with sets my friends have."
"Super cheap and they came in the sizes that it indicated. I didn't know that they are not interchangeable with other needles are cords, but for the price, I'm perfectly happy with these."
Revolutionized my knitting.
I really like it
"Cords are horrendous, gave the set away."
"First, I have always really liked Boye metal knitting needles. They are so smooth and slick, and the tips are the perfect shape for me, not too sharp, but not blunt, either. The cables, however, are a different story. They are way too stiff and the transition from the cable to the connector is rough -- not so rough that it snags the yarn, but rough enough that the yarn doesn't slide smoothly over it. Not to mention that the cables occasionally come unscrewed from the needle tips. Other reviewers have found ways around the stiffness of the cables -- one took her needle tips to a gunsmith to have them re-tapped to work with Knitpicks cables, another made her own cables out of weed whacker line. I tried making the weed whacker cables with limited success. I had trouble getting the joins sanded smooth enough, so they weren't any smoother than the rough Boye cables. The weed whacker cables also lack the slot for the tightening tool, so they come unscrewed fairly easily.

Then I found Chiaogoo cables (http://www.amazon.com/ChiaoGoo-Interchangeable-Knitting-Needle-7514-S/dp/B00C1QO3AE?ie=UTF8&psc=1&redirect=true&ref_=oh_aui_detailpage_o08_s00)
and connectors (http://www.amazon.com/ChiaoGoo-Cable-Connectors-Small-2-Pkg/dp/B00RGFX7ZM?ie=UTF8&psc=1&redirect=true&ref_=oh_aui_detailpage_o09_s00).
The ones that are sized for ""small needles"" fit the Boye needle tips perfectly. However, the screws on the Boyes are English (I think they're 2/56) and the screws on the Chiaogoo are metric, meaning they screw in nicely up to a point, and then get harder as the threads deform slightly. This acts kind of like a lock washer, making it very difficult to come unscrewed by itself, but it also means you don't want to take it apart and put it back together repeatedly. My solution was to get a set of connectors for each pair of needle tips and leave them permanently attached -- you can even add a drop of super glue if you want to be sure that it's permanent. This has the added benefit that I now have slots for the tightening tools on both sides, the needle side and the cable side. I have now done several projects and have not had any connections come undone on me, plus everything about these cables is incredibly smooth, and the cables come in many different lengths. In the attached picture you can see my needles, with the permanently attached connectors, next to the Chiaogoo cables.

I am now really happy with my needles -- too bad I had to go through this much to get a set that finally works so well!"
"14 inch cable that came with it, the cable where it attaches to the metal threaded part snags the yarn."
"Good general set of needles, especially for a newbie. I got this set as an alternative to plastic after having an allergic reaction to my nickle-plated ones. HOWEVER, while the needles are aluminum and the cables are plastic coated, the connectors on the cables are nickle. Will be sending back."
Love my crochet set! I crochet with them everyday! They are portable  so I'm prepared where ever I go
"I like the needles, but the cable fall apart in middle of knitting which is really uncomfortable when knitting a shawl or sweater."
"Love the color!  The only problem I've found with the these pads is the soft inky part comes unglued from the plastic after awhile.  Still, it's a good pad."
Good collection.
"As other reviewers have mentioned, I occasionally have issues with the needles loosening from the cables.  I have to make sure I'm very diligent about tightening them.  Since I'm aware of the problem, and monitor it while I'm working, it hasn't caused any major issues.  I find the quality for the price to be great, though overall the set isn't perfect (hence the 4 stars and not 5.)  But, for my needs it is working quite well.  I'm really happy to have all the variety now, and to be able to expand my knitting projects!"
Unfortunately my needles were not in the best of shape. The #2 tip were bent and I couldn't even get my #4's on the cable because they were bent. I was able to fix them well enough to use but I was very disappointed.
"I think I can make an unbiased review here because I have used my set for 25 years.  I have never had room for complaint, although I have had the points come slightly unscrewed but that was because I was too lazy to use the key to tighten them.  I have used the rubber handgrip for them, however. Use the key, folks.  No problems.

After all this time, the threads on the cable tip of the small cable I use most often became stripped.  I didn't think I could find a new one, as the contact info that came with the set was no longer valid (geez, it had been 25 years!).  But I was excited to learn that I could get them after all through Amazon.

Now I have started looking at the expensive Addi needles which are supposed to be the best and to knit faster and smoother than aluminum ones. Also have a ""click"" system so needle tips don't have to be screwed on (and tightened).  I am going to order a set and see what I think.

But I can wholeheartedly recommend this set for any level of knitter.  It is not just for beginners.  If you get to the point (haha) that you feel the need to upgrade, research carefully.  I bought some of the KnitPicks wooden ones and didn't like them because they were slower and had quality control issues (although KP was great in sending replacements).  I finally returned them and have decided on the Addis. I hope I haven't ""screwed"" up!"
Color not as shown. Looks more light blueish/grey in person
"Break easily.  Not happy! Well, wife is not happy, so I am not happy!"
Horrible Needles  the cable is so stiff they are almost impossible to use  I returned this  set the day after I received then.  But Amazons return policy could not have been easier or faster.  Someone recommended the Addi Rocket circular. Awesome!!!
Happy with mailing and item.
"This is my first set of interchangeable circular needles and so far I'm loving them.  I do a lot of sock knitting with circular needles and found that when I would work on a project requiring my larger sized, straight needles I wasn't comfortable with straight needles anymore (kept poking myself in the eye, the non-working end would get caught in my shirt, etc.), so I bought these so I'd have an array of circular needle sizes for multiple projects.  I have (so far) had no issues with the needles staying screwed to the cords, the cords are pliant enough to not get in the way and the carrying case keeps it all labeled and organized.  So far I am very pleased with this set."
it is just what it was advertised as being of good quality
"All the pieces are great, except that one of the cables is not well connected with the metal part and I cannot fix it. It has been very disappointing because the yarn always gets damage or stuck in there. I wish I have used this cable before so I can return this product or at least get that particular cable again"
"It's really sad to see how poor the quality of Boye products has become. I bought this set because I wanted a large range of needle sizes in a small case to take with me when I knit away from home. The first set I bought, had 2 needles with deep gouges in them, was missing a cable, and the case didn't zip completely closed because of the way it was sewn in. I exchanged it for another set. That one had some weird sticky substance on several of the needles, and the size 2's were rough and had a few sharp bumps on them. There's no way sock yarn was going to slide down those things. They also had a kind of mottled, corroded look to them. I took that set back to the store as well, and apparent glutton for punishment that I am, I exchanged it again for ANOTHER one. Today, I unzipped the case and the zipper slider broke into 2 pieces and fell off in my hand, rendering the zipper useless. I have had the set for all of 2 weeks.

I don't think it's possible for them to use cheaper, chintzier, materials. From the case, to the needles, to the cables, it's all junk. The case is plastic, and all the tools inside are held down with loops and pockets made out of pieces of thin, clear vinyl (the kind my grandma used to put over her tablecloths to protect them). The cables are rock hard and stiff, and there are only 4 included in the set. I have an old set of (really nice) Boye needles with soft cables that came with 5. The needles themselves don't compare in quality to the old ones. I'm debating whether I should return this set or not. If I do, it'll be for a refund. I won't be wasting any more of my hard-earned cash on rubbish.

When Boye sold the company to Wilton, they should have not allowed them to keep using the ""Boye"" name unless they agreed to keep the quality up on their products. Now all they're producing is inferior, made-in-China crap."
"One end that screws into needle broke, seems little flimsy"
I bought this for a daughter in law she just loved it .......Well that is what she told me so that is all I can go on.
"I love the idea of this set but it arrived with no instructions and upon measuring the needles I found that there where several duplicate sizes and it was missing some sizes altogether.  I tried to connect several cables to knit in the round.  The connectors and needles keep coming apart and the connectors catch in the work.  It's a great idea but it needs quality control and some smoothing out. I also don't like that I have to order the needles that didn't come with the kit by snail mail, pay for them again, hope they send the right sizes and I have no way to contact them to resolve the issues. No email or web site.  Just a mailing address."
"It is exactly as described.  NIce case and all the sizes I need. Some have complained about the needles coming loose from the cable.  This does happen however, just take a second to check on each row and there will not be a problem.  I and my fellow knitters feel the this product is a bargain. Will be getting lots of use from these needles!"
No regrets. Should have invested in this set early on and saved myself some grief and pain. It's perfect for the casual knitter.
Needles and cables come unscrewed while knitting. Have to tighten quite often with tightening tool.
She loved it. Thats all that matters.
I have to send my set back. I've tried to use them and they've come apart too many times to justify keeping them. It's a major pain when your needle becomes detached from the cable right in the middle of a row of stitches. Also the yarn catches on the part where you connect the needle to the cable and its a chore to move the stitches past that point. I think my set was used and returned because one of the cables looks like it has glue or something on the threads and won't accept a needle on that end because the threads are ruined. It's was a nice idea but needs some fine tuning.
"I like the feel of these needles when knitting, easy to slip stitches from one needle to the next, just wish the circular extensions were softer and more plyable, other than that this was a great buy for me"
"Love this set -- good quality, rarely snags (just have to make sure to keep the tips tightly threaded), gives you tons of flexibility to take on different projects!"
"I received this set as a gift for Christmas in 2013 after having wishlisted it for several years. I was attracted to the fact that these needles are interchangeable and I could have whatever size I needed available in the proper length wire.

The needles come in a convenient storage case which zips up to hold and protect the needles. It is made of poor quality and the stitching on my case came undone within the first couple of weeks after opening the packaging on this item. Needles slip into plastic ""loops"" inside the case adn they do NOT tend to slip out of these loops, which is nice. The wires are held around the outer space of the inside pocket of the case and a pocket holds the ""bits"" (the keys and the ends).

This system comes with needle sizes 2-9 along with end caps for the wires (which allow you to lengthen the needles but use them as straight needles -- no idea why anybody would actually do this instead of knitting back and forth on circulars, but they're there) and a key for tightening the needles into place. Since I never used the other pieces in the kit, I'm not actually sure of their function.

The wires are particularly stiff, though this is something that I expect from the Boye circular needles (most of the ones I've purchased have issues with the wire, and now I buy my needles from Knit Picks), but I did find that they fastened into the needles securely if I was careful. Unfortunately, lower-quality yarns (which I often use) caught on the join where the needle and the wire met with one another. Again, this is typical with Boye needles

Color on the aluminium does chip away a little bit with use, and these wear out fairly easily.

I recommend any needles by Addi or that the shopper look at Knit Picks' options for interchangeable needles.

ETA: Try these&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/addi-Click-Turbo-Basic-Interchangeable-Circular-Knitting-Needle-System-with-Exclusive-Blue-Cords/dp/B0054D9U2C/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">addi Click Turbo Basic Interchangeable Circular Knitting Needle System with Exclusive Blue Cords</a>"
"However, I'm disappointed in that the Size 9 needlepoints are missing.  There is a slot included for them, they just simply are not there...."
Greater starter set for a beginner. Still have mine and use it as a supplemental set. Downside? Cords are a little stiff but true for any of this price range. Suggestion someone gave me - Boil some water and drop them into the water for about 4 seconds and then pull right back out. Let them cool just enough to handle and them manipulate them back and forth and they'll become more flexible.
Great for travel
"I've seen this same exact set advertised at much higher prices on other sites. It's really easy to use - just tighten the needles and cables with the included grippers and metal inserts. Also use them to loosen the pieces when you're done with your project. I've knitted entire afghans without any problems. The color on the needles does wear off where the needles hit each other as you knit, but it's a minor issue with a great product!"
"Love all the needles included in this set, but beware, the cable lengths advertised are not what are included in the package.  They are much, much shorter."
"This item description says it is a kit that includes 8 sets of needles with 20"", 24"", 29"", & 36"" cables, but the kit I received is completely different.  I received a case with 13 sets of needles and my included cables were 12"",14"",16"" & 21"".  The kit itself is good quality, but my reason for ordering the kit was to get the longer cables. There are connectors if you want to attach more than one cable together, but yarn catches on the connectors and if a connector came apart while knitting, it could be a major pain, so connecting two cables together is not a good substitute for a single cable.  I've let Amazon know and asked them to update the item description.  I don't feel it was a mistake since other reviews have commented on the same thing.

ETA:  Amazon responded in a favorable manner, as they always do so hopefully the listing will get updated soon.  I do want to add that I attempted to knit with the 12"" cable and the threads on one end were not even, so none of the needles will screw flushly onto the needle, so it can't be used because the yarn catches where the gap is (I've attached a pic).  I've sent an email to Simplicity and hopefully they can quickly send a replacement cable.  Will update when/if I hear back.

ETA:  Simplicity/Wilton has sent a replacement cable for the 12"" defective one.  I will try it out on my next small knitting project.  I updated the star rating."
"I got this set as a gift for myself when I vowed to learn how to knit. I tend to go gung-ho when I find a new crafty hobby I want to sink my teeth into, so I went ahead and bought this comprehensive circular needle set on the insistence of my more advanced knitter friends who advised that 1) I would absolutely need circular needles and 2) that I would save money buy not buying a ton of individual circular needles.

Pros:
These needles are so pretty! They make you want to knit. :)
There really are a ton of sizes, so any project you pick up, you are pretty much guaranteed to have the right sized needles.
The cables can actually be linked together to form an enormously long cable if you need them.
I haven't had any issues with the yarn getting caught on or fuzzed up by the aluminum needles.
I love the carrying case that keeps everything all organized and easy to find. If I didn't have this case I would never have a matching set of needles because they would be strewn in my never ending ""Craft Drawer.""

Cons:
There is nothing. NOTHING. more frustrating to a new knitter than finally getting halfway through your first project to have the cable unscrew and pop off your needle. As a new knitter, this happened to me and I was devastated, because I had no idea how to pick my work back up yet and fix the problem. Ugh. I had to start over and keep obsessively checking the connections each time I started a new row. So, word to the wise: the connections like to unscrew! I started putting masking tape around the connections when I started a new project.

Related - when the connections would start to unscrew a little, my yarn would get caught on them and fuzz a little.

All in all, this set is an excellent gift for a beginner or intermediate knitter, and really encourages you to pick up and knit! I just wish the connections were a little more snug. :)"
u only need this pack
These work great a reasonable price especially for a begining knitter. The needles are nice an light and the yarn easily slips across the metal needles and does not get hung at all over the interchangeable portion which i was a little concerned about. they come in a small case which holds everything very well. So far I'm very happy with them.
"Make sure you use the ""key"" to tighten the ends on, otherwise they will come undone while you are knitting. Very nice set, glad I bought it!"
"This set was given to me as a Christmas gift and I'm very much enjoying using it. The colors are beautiful and it is nice to have everything organized and interchangeable. I'm very new to knitting, but I love it and hope to continue to a very long time. It's a great kit for a beginner, but I will be replacing with something else in the next year or so.

The downsides...I have to tighten the connection between the cable and the needles every few minutes. It becomes very frustrating and I feel should have been fixed by now since customers have been mentioning the same problem for years."
I got this last Christmas to have a spare set of interchangeables.  They work fine for my needs.  I have no problems changing the needles or with my yarn getting stuck.
"an awesome set, so fine, lovely case, very well put together. at first i saw the plastic peices and was doubtful, but as long as you take care of these parts there should be no issues. plastic on the metal will be more sturdy than metal on metal."
"I got an old ""vintage"" Needlemaster a few years ago and absolutely love it. I was so excited to get a new shiny one!
However, the new ones aren't made the same.
The cords are total crap. The metal part (that is inside the clear plastic) was sticking out on two of my cords. But I figured I could live with that since I don't use those lengths very much, and $35 is crazy cheap for this.
Like everyone says, the fit isn't super tight, so the needles do unscrew while knitting (the old ones are the same). But that's really not a problem-- just use some Teflon tape (like $1, can get in pretty much any took section). You can make the fit as tight as you want, and won't damage the threads at all (and it's removable).
Anyway, I set up my #5 needles with the 12in cord and started on my hat. However, a few rows in, it completely snapped. So the needle had a screw stuck in it, and the cord has no screw.
Honestly, I could live with most of the stuff wrong. But when it snapped, that's completely unacceptable. Connecting needles to cords is pretty much the main function of interchangeable knitting needles.
My advice: get the $37 one instead (looks mostly the same, but the case is pink). Those cords are just like the old Needlemaster (which are good quality and I've never had a problem with)."
"I got these when I first started knitting and didn't know any better. The needles unscrew from the cords very very frequently (once every 10 rows or so), even after using the special tightening tool. Also, don't be fooled by the inclusion of smaller needle sizes. You can't use them. The connection between the needle and cord is thicker than the US size 2 or 3 needles. The cords and connectors are stiff and snag the yarn (both where the cord and needles connect, and on some random areas of the cord that for some reason rough and/or scratched. Save yourself the frustration and dropped stitches, and spend just a little more money on a better set!"
"I love that this is interchangeable. I use it for all of my knitting projects (except those requiring double pointed needles). The only problem I've found is that the edges tend to be rough where the needles connect to the loop. I've had to file them down so that they don't catch the yarn. Once I've done that, however, they work great."
"I don't actually have this kit (it is on my wish list), but have several Needlemaster cables and needles.  The cable sizes I use the most are the 12"" and 16"" which I bought separately.  I have used the magic loop method, but like the shorter cables when I have the right sizes.  Yes, they will come unscrewed, but I just keep a watch on that, and don't really have a problem with it.  I prefer more limber cables, but work with these well.  All in all I think Needlemaster makes a great set for the price.  Price is important to me."
Great buy
Amazing ..!!! Best needles ever..!! Great price..!!
"Totally disappointed! The item i received visibly had damaged needles so I did not open or use it yet.
Maybe if simplicity would send me an undamaged item, I can make a better review..."
"They did at one time have a curve in the cable that made knitting smaller items easyer, do not have curve now hard to knit smaller items"
"I have been using this set for years (at least 10) and find it to be much better than the Denise plastic needle set. I have never had a problem with the needles becoming unscrewed from the cables, and find the flexibility of the set to be excellent. Of course, you can use them to knit in the round, but with the button end stops and using two cables, you can also use them to knit like straight needles, without the annoyance of the ends of the needles sticking out (more comfortable in your lap, and a definite plus on an airplane with tight seating). While I prefer the sound made by bamboo needles, I always end up using these for my projects because they are metal: with less friction, the yarns move more easily on the needles, and my knitting is faster and more even. I have used these for heavy wool sweaters and fine lace work, and they work well for both."
"I love this kit. I just love it. The pieces interchange quickly and effortlessly and the cords are sturdy. Some other folks don't like how stiff they are, so if you're like me and tend to prefer stiff circular needles, these ones are the way to go."
great item ...... just what I needed.  Came fast.
"After all these years of wanting this set (and thinking it was too expensive), I can't believe I finally own one.  The Amazon price was amazing.  In the stores it always seemed to expensive of a luxury to actually buy.  I now have ALL the sizes and unlimited combinations of circle size.  No more buying individual lengths and sizes and still coming up short when trying to work a pattern.  Good luck trying to find a neckline-sized circular needle for those patterns done in the round with chunky yarn - have NOT been able to find them separately in stores.  This is like the Cadillac of knitting equipment and I am so excited that I finally have this set.  Comes in a red leatherette zipper case, no less.  Cadillac product indeed.
Here is the missing full-view shot of the contents, which shows ALL sizes of needles are given, including the big ones (10, 11, 13, and 15).  The posted product photos had only included the smaller sizes.  note: The sizes originally shown, made it look like only 8 sizes were included."
", size nine"
Cheaply made
Cable lengths not as described. Disappointed.
"I like the metal interchangeable knitting needles. It's the cables that come loose while knitting my 126 stitch count shrug. It kept doing that after every row I knitted! I wished the kit came with longer cables, then all I'd have to worry about is the cable coming away from the knitting needles, instead on in the middle, where it interconnects to make a longer cable. I won't recommend this set for multi-stitches projects, that require interconnecting cables to accommodate your knitting project. You waste time trying to put the stitches back on the cable, every time the cable connectors unscrew loose! The cable has came undone from the interchangeable knitting needles, too. If this kit came with longer cables, I can deal with making sure cable stays connected to the interchangeable knitting needles, after every row knitted."
"The wife always wanted a set like this and was very happy to unwrap it. So far, she hasn't made any negative comments about any part of it and uses it daily."
My set didn't have a size 4 needle.  It came with 2 size 5 needles.
"I am very pleased with my needlemaster kit :)! I haven't had any problems with the cables staying in place or anything of that sort. I give this product a 10/10
I got my kit pretty quickly as well, and it was wrapped with extreme caution.
Thank you"
"This set is amazing because it includes all the needles sizes you could imagine needing.  They're all interchangeable with the included cables and there are more cables that you can purchase. This is all priced cheaper that you would probably spend on all the individual sizes and cables lengths if not in the kit. However there is a blatant issue. Being interchangeable, there is a tendency to unscrew from the cables as you knit. If you're mindful of this it shouldn't be too much of an issue. I have never had the needle actually disattach itself. The screw are quite long so there shouldn't be too much fear but the yarn will snag with even the slightest space between cable and needle."
Great product.
"Good quality, but I have a hard time getting used to using these.  I prefer separate needles."
"This is a set I have purchased for myself a couple of times--so bought it for my sis-in-law for her Bday--She's not thrilled--as she has never NOT worked without her straight needles. Me, I can't live with out these!!"
"Best price around!  Even with a 55% off coupon at a craft store the Amazon price was still cheaper!  Love the needles, they work very well."
"I've had this set for a few weeks now.  For the most part, this is a great starter kit.  However, in retrospect, I wish I'd spent the extra money for something better.  The needles are nice...they are pretty and they are metal.  Everything you need comes with this kit.  My only real problem with this kit are the cables which, unfortunately, I use with almost every project even if it doesn't require the IC.  This is because I don't like using longer straight needles and really don't want to invest in more needles.  This is why I bought the kit to begin with.  Now, all cables are somewhat stiff, but I previously had purchased a trial kit from Knitter's Pride and their cables are MUCH better.  These cables are SO stiff, they truly hinder the work.  I've tried using the hair dryer...I've tried holding them over heat on the oven (carefully!).  These methods certainly make them more pliable...for about as long as it takes me to screw my chosen needles on.  Then, they're stiff again.  Additionally, (and probably not too surprising) the cables are not compatible with any other needles I've come across.  So, do some research and don't be afraid to invest.  I really like the Knitter's Pride I have, however, I only have sizes 6, 9 & 10.  Hate to buy anymore at this point but, then again, that's what Christmas is for, right?!"
"I just got this kit and it looks great, can't wait to use it. But a word of warning about the cable lengths... The four I got in the set were much shorter than indicated - only 12"", 15"", 16"" and 22"", not 20""-36"". The needles are only 4"" each, so I still cannot get close to 36"" without using the connectors. Unfortunately, I also ordered the ""add-on"" 16"" cable, because the description says that the shortest cable is 20"". So now I have an extra 16"". Actually I suppose I might need it to add with a connector for a longer project since I didn't get the 36"". This won't make me return the kit, but I think the description should be updated if what is included in the kit has been changed."
The needles constantly came unscrewed when I tried to use them. I wound up returning them.
"Superb collection- easy to travel with, does not come unwound at the screw on point. Love it and would definitely recommend."
"Love that you can replacement parts, I have one from yarnology but couldn't find replacement needles for it when a set broke."
"I have made it my mission to knit something with every type of interchangeable needle on the market and these were my first set. Use the tightening tool and you will be OK.  Lovely to hold, enjoy the fact that they are color coded.  A really neat set!"
"My first interchangeable knitting set. I didn't know how to knit until I was in my 40's and taught myself. I was going on a trip with my husband in his truck and I knew this would be a great time to try and knit a baby blanket for a friend. It was actually pretty easy to use. The needles are smooth and easy to attach and change. You can connect the them together to make longer tubes, or attach the provided end caps to use like single needles. I tried an off brand bamboo set and wasn't impressed with them. So far I'm liking this set."
"For larger projects, this is a good product.  But for child hats and even some adult hats, the cables just aren't short enough"
"Great product, great price, fast shipping!"
Love these needles - just the size you need with many different lengths for large and small projects!
"Well, I already had a  couple of the knit picks interchangeable sets.  I was looking hard through multiple sets for one that had smaller needles sized us 2 and us 3.  Knit picks doesn't offer that option.  Sometimes aluminum is the best needle option and sometimes it isn't.  All of my summer knitting has been in linen and cotton blends so having these aluminum needle sets has really been a boon.  More than with wood needles you need to store you stitches against an an protector as stitches just glide off these needles.  I have broken wood needles, but I have yet to break an aluminum one.  So, I can see holding on to and using these for a long long time.  Its's a really nice assortment of needle sizes in a convenient case.  I did buy a few extra shorter cables, a 8 in and a 16 in also available here on amazon.  That is awesome to have the ability to purchase shorter or longer cable connectors. I really couldn't have asked for more.  I am very pleased with the quality and selection in this set."
Great
Nice needles and very flexible kit.  Has a lot in it and is a great value. Took off a star because instructions are not included  (had to find them online ) and needles are a bit slippery.  I definitely recommend you learn how to lock the needles and how to connect multiple cables to get the most from it.
These aren't mine I swear... but they work okay.
It's been discontinued... probably because the problem with the connectors being too thick for the yarn to slip through easily when you use the smallest needle (size 2). Other sizes seem to work okay.
Love them and what a great value
wonderful interchangeable knitting needles
Perfect for any type of knitting! Love these.
ITS AWESOME! best knitting tools ivce bought in a long time.
"Nice to only have one little pack of needles to carry instead of a bun have! Plus, I can change sizes easily"
U need to know how to use
"More than adequate but it's made in China with poor quality control.  The 21"" cable is defective and not usable.  Replacement parts are available for a reasonable price and with reasonable shipping."
"Great needle set, people have been complaining that they undo, they only do if you don't use the tightening tool. I have had no issues they are great very happy with purchase!"
"What you see is what you get.
I have had no problem with then coming apart. (there are little tools included for tighting) the case is great holds everything, plus I added finishing needles and a small pair of scissors.
Cheers
Very smooth, so if you usually use bamboo needles they may take some getting use to."
Convenient to have so many needle sizes in a small pouch. Would have given it 5 stars but 2 points were damaged & I had to call the manufacturer to replace them.
"I received an used but damaged item. The fake leather case must have been sliced when the box it was in was cut open. No wonder it couldn't be sold as new. By the way, I did NOT receive the item as pictured; I received the case in a padded envelope all by itself. Nevertheless, all the pieces inside were intact, which is what matters. I really like that Boye had upgraded the tips so that they all fit with the cables without needing the little screws (which tells you how long ago I had bought my original Needlemaster)."
"Purchased this on a deal of the day.  It is a great collection, and the sets I have used work great and don't catch or snag the yarn as I knit."
"I purchased this set back in the 70's, when it was sold in a garish gold vinyl zippered case.  It did not have as many needle sizes as this one.  I have since purchased other interchangeable sets, but always go back to the Boye Needlemaster.  I have never had an issue with the needles coming apart.  I keep the little key handy and tighten the joins every so often, just in case.  It is a simple thing to do if you are concerned about it.  The needles are smooth aluminum, no snagging or catching..  I use my set as flexible straight needles.  I have made several king-sized afghans all in one piece.  I love this set."
"This seemed a perfect way to have all the sizes I need in a compact packet...well; until inches into a shawl with a complex pattern, the damn thing came unscrewed. It took me much swearing to pick up the dropped stitches and I immediately went back to my old solid molded needles. Really needs some way to tighten beyond the rubber grip included to hold aluminum tip to tighten securely. Glue?"
"I purchased this based on the million positive reviews but I found it to be totally unusable.

These needles are constantly unscrewing and have ruined numerous projects. Additionally, the cables it came with a impossibly stiff.

I have arthritis and carpal tunnel and the stress this kit adds to my body isn't worth owning. Returning it and looking for a better kit."
These needles are horrible. I'm very disappointed with boye company. I would be careful before getting these.
"I have not had a chance to use the needles, as we left Honolulu on April 8, and returned on May 5.  However, they look very good to me, as they replace my previous set of interchangeable needles which were purchased in the 1960's, and the extensions were in poor shape, necessitating the purchase of a new set.  Thank you."
"I was very pleased with this set.  The only minor problem, which other reviewers have mentioned, is that the needles do tend to come unscrewed while you knit.  However, as long as you check them once in a while and screw them in tightly, it's not a major issue.
I've been using these for over a month and they've held up well so far (and I am known for breaking needles)."
"Great product, amazing for any knitter!"
"I am satisfied with the set I bought except that the cable lengths in my set are 12"", 14"", 16"" and 21"".  These are the same sizes as listed on the Replacement parts order form that comes with the needle set.  Although these lengths are what I would use a lot, I have to wonder why the description states a different set of cable lengths: ""...with cable lengths 20-inch, 24-inch, 29-inch and 36-inch, and travel case"""
"I love the inventiveness, simplicity, and intuitiveness of this product. I might have to buy the very few sizes that this kit doesn't have, but I no longer have to look for different sized needles that are circular or double points etc. Absolutely perfect and everything just fits together perfectly."
"Good for a first set of interchangeable needles, but the cables in this set are seriously awful. Do yourself a favor, buy a ChiaoGoo *small* connectors set and a ChiaoGoo *small* interchangeable cable. Those are the best cables and the connectors will allow you to hook the cable up to the needles in this set. The fit isn't perfect, but it works really well if you can't fork over the cash for a set of high quality interchangeables."
Cables fit on the needles well.
"They are great, only one circular line is long enough though for my knitting projects.  The other two that come with pkg are short and don't know how you would even be able to knit with them. but still you get all the different sizes of needles and good price."
"I gave these a four because although this set is a great deal, the knitting needles unscrew as you are knitting. So, if you can figure out how to avoid that, you can have a 5-star experience."
The cords are not as easy to bend as I would like them to be.  I had to file some plastic from the end of one that was catching on thread.  These things caused me to be slightly unsatisfied with the product.
Looooooved it!!!! It's a very simple concept and very useful tool. I 100% recommend this!
It's everything I wanted and more!
I absolutely love this!!
"I bought this product with advancements in mind. Circular needles can become very expensive and this price range suited my needs especially with being a beginner. Please take what I say with a grain of salt because of that fact.

WHen I got these I compared them to the bamboo needles I purchased and found the cords to be rather stiff. I can see why others have an issue with that. However, I already knew I had zero intentions of using the Boyce interchangeable cords. In fact I intended to make my own and did very easily with the help of this tutorial: http://www.craftster.org/forum/index.php?topic=360820.0 .

Now I have unlimited possibilities between all the gauges available in this package (and very nice case btw!) and the cords I am making on my own. I highly suggest this product with the intentions to make your own interchangeable cords. I cannot suggest the needles and the tutorial on making your own enough. I have saved so much money and I have what I feel are amazing needles with a very smooth glide for the yarn both with the needles and my own cords."
The size 7 needle broke the nylon cord after using it for 1 week. Returned it
"If you are serious about knitting, go with ChiaoGoo or Auddi Click. I watched youtube reviews to see the products in action before I invested $100-$150 on a set of needles.

HOWEVER, if you plan to purchase these as a gift for a young child or new knitter, I highly recommend them. They are great for beginners."
My wife loves it.
The attachments tend to unscrew themselves which is incredibly annoying along with the needles being very short. I am pretty unhappy about it and I'm trying to decide if I will return them - they were on sale and I don't even think they were worth their price
"While there are some downsides to this product, my overall experience with it has been positive. The needles do unscrew if you are not careful and I did have one break because I had left it to get tangled up in my knitting bag. With that said, the kit gives you a good variety of sizes and is a better deal than buying each pair of needles separately. I still enjoying using the rest of the sizes I have left, and would caution users to keep these needles stored outside of your project bag so pressure is not put on the connection part, which will cause it to snap.

For the price, it is worth getting and if you take good care of the set then they are sure to last you for a good while!"
Very disappointing.  I'm waiting for a replacement.  I hope that one isn't deffective.
I love having a complete set !
Very nice variety. You have to really tighten the fittings or it may come apart and you don't want that to happen.
Great concept but fails in the execution. Needles don't stay locked into place. I found it very frustrating to have to keep on checking the needles and screwing them back in because they kept loosening up. Tried tighten them several times with locking mechanism. Sorry! It just doesn't work!
"I am just getting started with these, but love the set. I wish I would've gotten it years ago rather than all of the old odds and ends I had."
"The packaging claims that the cords and tips are capable of making 20"" circular, and this is somewhat true.  The problem is that the tips are too long to knit circularly on a 20"".  Very awkward and messes up the gauge."
The needles disconnect from the cables.  The cables are very stiff.
"Overall good product, the only con/bad thing is that depending on your form/tension while knitting, the posts come unscrewed several times during projects I've done and have nearly led to dropped stitch disaster if I wouldn't haven't noticed prior to them coming completely unscrewed."
Very happy with product and service.
"I live in Canada.  Trying to get replacement parts for this item is almost impossible.  The cable broke on two of my projects and I find that no matter how tight I get the cable and the needle, they still get loose and I have lost many stitches by the cable and the needle coming apart.
The worst thing about this set is getting replacement parts or getting more parts.
I am really disappointed in this set and would not recommend it for anyone living outside of the US because of shipping regulations and the cost of shipping."
The needles unscrewed while I knitted and it drove me crazy. Also the wires were not has pliable as I had hoped.
Awesome set
I was ecstatic because it arrived Christmas Eve. It was a gift for my daughter. It contained all pieces and carrying case. Thank you so vert much!! All smiles. Very satisfied customer!! :-)
"This is an excellent set. I have had no trouble with the needle points becoming unscrewed during use, as long as I follow the instructions for tightening them. This set saved me a great deal of money. I am a beginning knitter, and spent about $30 (used a coupon at a local craft store) for this set, which includes a wide variety of needles. If I had purchased all of these needles individually, it not only would have been a hassle, but it would have cost much, much more. I highly recommend this set, especially if you are a beginner who is looking to buy your first needles.

The only downside I have noticed is that some of the needle points easily slide out of their spots in the carrying case. This is not really a big deal, though, since the case zips closed."
"WITH THE INCLUDED TOOL it is easy to attach tips to cable.  It is a smooth joint and stays tight.  If I lose the small tool I'm in trouble.
Storage case is adequate."
Great product! Love it!
"this set is wonderful, the needles are all interchangeable as stated, the only thing is you have to be somewhat careful because the threading end between the needles and the cables can snap off and leave you with a needle you can't use because the threaded portion of the cable is stuck within the needle itself"
I can't keep the cords and needles screwed together. They come apart and messes up what ever I am knitting.
"Great needle set! I like to make hats, but I hate using double pointed needles. This gives me all the size options I needed to complete all of my projects."
"I bought this as my first set of needles thinking it would be great for almost anything I wanted to do.  It is a decent set, and I prefer aluminum as the various yarns I've worked with seem to glide over them much easier than on bamboo.  My biggest complaint with this is the very feature that makes them multi-purpose - the interchangeable cable.  As a flexible straight needle they work fabulous!  As a circular needle they leave a lot to be desired.  If you hand tighten the cable will just loosen itself off your needle.  If you use the tool to tighten it down you risk flaring the connection end, which makes it difficult to pass the yarn over, and it still ends up loosening anyway.  Lesson learned, not more interchangeables for me."
"You do have to be careful to check the cables periodically while working, as they can loosen occasionally. Definitely have to use the rubber gripper and small tool to tighten the connections."
"The needles meet my needs, but the packaging/needle case is very awkward to use. It's hard to get the cables in and out, and the tool to tighten the connections is very difficult to un-stow. The plastic of the case is the type which prior experience indicates may tear within a few uses. I'll be pleasantly surprised if it doesn't."
Love these needles and for the price!?!?
"Love these needles... This is my third set.  My first set has lasted over 30 years... My second set was purchased at a garage sale.  This newer set has many improvements, the most notable being that there are no adapters required for the larger needle sizes.  I got this set at deep discount to replace some of my broken and worn out parts, but I can see that these will be my go-to needles with the older ones for backup."
"Arrived dry and very little pigment.  the stamp itself is very very small,"
For what they are they work great. Much better than bamboo in my opinion. Very great set for the knitting aficionado.
Very happy
"beautiful case, nice needles and cables. Lots of extras. A knitters dream"
"I was looking for an aluminum needle set.  This works great!  Keep in mind that you do need to secure the needles to the cable per instructions (extra tightening) or they will come unscrewed, but no problems so far.  And I like that they came with pieces so that you can just use them as longer straight needles. I even just used them for something small without the cables, I just put a silicon needle stoper at the end so the stit:hes wouldn't fall off.

Only thing, the packaging is misleading with included cable sizes.  I went ahead and bought a separate 12"" cable because it didn't seem to come with one.  Now I have two."
Bought this as a gift. Seemed to be as it should be.
"Although I haven't developed an affiinity for knitting in the round, as so many other knitters I know have done, I will say that this set, for those who like circular needles, is very complete and well-crafted. The cables fasten into the needle-ends smoothly, and I've been able to tighten them snugly even without the tools supplied in the kit.

As an aside, I do like cable-knitting, and I've found that I enjoy using a needle-end from this kit, in the appropriate size, in place of more conventional cable needles."
"The needles are pretty weak and easy to bend if you hold them to tight. I used to hold my needles too tightly when I was a beginner, that's how I know it bends the needles. Also my size 6 needles (which I use most) got ruined because I guess I must have tightened them too much, bending up the opening of the needle where it connects, so now it snags my yarn all the time.
I actually ended up upgrading to an Addi click set which is amazing and no doubt 20 times better than this set.
But for the huge price difference i definitely understand the quality being inferior. Other than my size 6 needles being ruined at the connection and some needles bending at a slight angle, the set is still like new over a year later. I tend to stick to my clicks for everything, but every now and then when I'm working on too many projects on my needles, I pull these out for a quick instant gratification knit and I have no complaints now that I've learned exactly how tight the connection should be (not too lose or it comes off and not so tight it bends) and to hold the needles loosely in my hand."
"Bought this as a gift some someone and they love it. The kit is incredibly expansive and has a massive selection of needles. If you like to knit, this a great kit for you."
The thing come apart as you are knitting I had to super glue than together
"Some people complain that these needles aren't as good as the expensive knitters pride or Addi sets. But i like these. They are easy to assemble and great to use. As far as what people are saying on here about them coming unscrewed they will, but if you use the grip pad and key it comes with it they stay tight and don't come unscrewed. For the price this is a terrific value and I am glad I chose this set and not another more expensive set. These are just as good as a more expensive set. Plus you get more needle tips than most others have in these sets (sizes 2-15 comes with this set) . Boye is a good company I have used there crochet hooks and Knitting needles for years, They have impressed again with this interchangeable set/"
Great product
I live it
"The needles come unscrewed, the cords are pretty stiff and they do not rotate, but it is a value set of interchangeables.  I was happy with my set until I bought the Takumi set and realized just how much more functional they were.  If you are on a budget or just starting out and not sure if knitting is going to be your main hobby, go with these.  If you are an avid knitter, there are much better sets available."
"2 of my needle size doesn't fit so i can't screw it with the cable...and If you knit tightly, the tip wears a lot and crashed. I prefer the Chiaogoo kit in stainless."
"I have been spoiled by some needles, so I do know better, having said that, I got these at an under $20 price. I knew they wouldn't be awesome, but I thought a great way to have extras in every size in one great case.  Instead, I'm finding the only way I'll ever use these is in a pinch.

At the ""permanent"" cable joint, it came apart mid project (on first use) and dropped a great deal of stitches. Then I had to struggle to get it back together.

On another cable, the screw broke completely off and are rendered useless.

Cables are not very flexible.  I did have to fight them a bit, but I figure I can stretch them after a hot water bath.  This is not my biggest complaint when the other problems were so much worse.

The joints do catch. Sometimes the catch is mild, sometimes, enough to slow you down until you fight the yarn past it.

You do have the ability to join cables to make one longer cable (for magic loop knitting, for example), but the joint becomes a 3 inch non-flexible part.  That creates many problems.

I did tighten the joints well with a key, and most stayed well through a hat project, but midway I did have one loose and took the opportunity to tighten others before more problems ensued.

Bottom line for me is that I'm not happy with them as is out of box.  I can super glue and modify joints to be smoother (maybe sand some down??).  For the awesome price I paid, I hope I will find them useful enough, however if I were paying the $60 I saw in store, I would have angrily returned them by now."
"I got my 1970's needlemaster from a yard sale and I've used them regularly for the past 10 years. The only thing that was missing was one of the cables. Needlemasters are still replaceable. I was able to get a replacement cord and adapters when I lost one. They are durable. I would recommend them to someone starting out. They offer a variety of sizes of cables and needles.

My only complaint with these needles is the stiffness of the cords. You can put them in hot water and it helps but you can't do the magic loop easily with these. If you plan on magic looping, these are not the needles for you but otherwise, I'd recommend them to most knitters."
"I almost LOVE these.  The only reason i'm giving it 4 stars is because a couple of the joins aren't totally smooth and i work with a lot of wool roving yarns, which catch on the join area.
Other than that, i use these all the time... instead of the long straight needles, i use these and just turn them.  love it.  takes up less space and i find them easier to work with."
"I was a fairly new knitter when I purchased these needles.  I didn't know what I didn't know.  After using these needles for a variety of  projects, these are my pros and cons.
Pros: Affordable, large range of sizes.  The needle tips are fine for my purposes, neither too sharp or too blunt.
Cons: The tips have come unscrewed from the cable if not well tightened with the key. Even after using the key, I need to check the join on occasion to avoid disaster.  The needle tips are not a standard size.  I measured them against other brands and they are larger, so I usually have to go down a size.  The biggest con is the stiffness of the cable.  I find doing the ""Magic Loop"" method very difficult with these. The cable wants to open wide, not bend in half so it causes ""ladders"" in small circular pieces, like sleeves and neckbands.

These are fine for larger circular projects and to be used as flexible straight needles, but I find myself in the market again for a set with better cables."
Case is cheap
got this for my wife and she loves it.
"Gave them away.  Join on three of the needles was turned up like a cuff which caught on everything.  Very cheap, not made for smooth knitting."
"I wish the cords were more flexible for knitting smaller items. If I had a chance to do it over, I'd buy a different set."
Item exactly as described. Quick delivery.
Was a great Birthday present
"Come unscrewed very very often and the cords are very rigid. I've had them about a year and I'm ready to pitch them and move on. If you don't knit often, or are new and not sure you want to spend the money for decent needles yet, these are passable and will work in a pinch. It will make the next needles you buy seem like a dream."
"I was given a 40-Piece Needlemaster Interchangeable Knitting Set about 2 years ago a a gift.  It was a nice gift but the problem with it was that the metal ends of the cables are bent at about a 15' angle, making the cable connection to the tips a ""hang-up spot"" when sliding your stitches along to work.  I finally gave up using the set for that reason.  When I saw  this set on Amazon I had to buy it along with an extra 12"", 16"" and 21"" cable and 2 extra 14"" cables.  This set has STRAIGHT cable ends and work smoothly and seamlessly when moving stitches to work.  They are almost like working with 1 piece circular knitting cables.  You don't even notice that the tips and cables are detachable.  If you are thinking about purchasing an Interchangeable Knitting set, this is the one for you.  Use caution and LOOK AT THE PICTURES to make sure the cable ends are straight and not bent. The price is more than wonderful as I have seen other sets for as much as $89.00.  Be sure to get the extra cables to make infinite combinations of cable lengths with your set.  You won't be sorry."
I was worried about if they would bend or not but I am in love with them!!
"This is a great beginner set.  I recently upgraded to Addi clicks because I got tired of having my cables come unscrewed.  But not everyone will want to pay ~$130 for a needles.  If you have not used circular needles give these a try.  It's a great price and  they knit  well.  I am about to give a set of these to a friend of mine that just started knitting.

Down side:  You have to break in the cables (soak in hot water) or they can be hard to use.  Also make are you check the join between the needle and the cable.  No matter how tight I got mine it still tended to come loose over time so always smart to check."
Plastic cord is quite rigid and the screw mechanism has a tendency to come undone if you don't really wrench it down but a good starter
"I have just started knitting and received this set as a gift.  I like having all the different sizes.  I've been able to use them as straight, round, and extra long round needles capable of doing the ""magic loop"" knitting.  I highly recommend them."
"A nice sized set with the full spectrum of tips from 1 to 13, and three cables that can be put together or used separately to create a variety of sizes.  The trouble with this set is that the joins are not clean, and come apart frequently and catch on the yarn.  When using this set, I usually have to tighten the joins after every round.  Not fun.  I invested in a higher quality set and now only use these when I need a size i can't find among my other needles."
"I love Boye's crochet hooks, so I bought this set when I decided to learn to knit, I do really like these needles, I use the key to tighten them and they are yet to come undone, I have however over tightened one pair which has caused the bottom to flair so the yarn catches...which is really annoying. Overall though as I said I do really like them and would recommend them."
"Such a great product for the price. I already owned one set and needed some extras, like more cord, etc., and it did not cost much more to buy a whole new set."
Easy to interchange.  I love the carrying case and the idea of having every size I need with me.
My sister is an avid knitter. She knits very tightly and has broken needles. I most say she hasn't done any damage to these needles.
"I saw this in my local JoAnn's for around $75, but I didn't want to pay that much.  Amazon had it for a cheaper price, and I am glad.  The kit works well for the most part.  I have had no trouble getting the needles to tighten when I use the key, but the metal part of the 21"" cord has come loose from the plastic part and made it so that my stitches bunch up when they get stuck in the gap it creates.  The other cords have done fine, but it's just annoying when they get stuck.  I probably wouldn't pay full price for this, but for the $25 I bought it for, it's not bad."
I had no idea which type of circular needles to purchase when I took up knitting. My mother-in-law recommend this set and I couldn't be happier. Great tools and easy to switch. LOVE!!
normally i'll use a small double pointed needle to do cabling but these cable stich holders are even better:) I would suggest having a finger nail file on hand when you use them for the first time to file off excess plastic left by the molds from when they where made. this is if you have to any way;) I hand too:)
"This reasonably priced kit worked very well for me.  I did not have any problem with yarn getting caught where the needle meets the adaptors.  And using the tightener I had no problem with the needle coming apart from the adaptors. You can make virtually any length circular needle with this kit.  Aesthetically, I liked the colored needles and the compact red zip-up carrier.  I recall another review mentioned that the needles were too tapered so it was hard to get correct gauge - I did not have any problem along these lines.  Overall, terrific product and terrific value!"
"This is a great deal for the money.  You get a lot more than it describes...needles, several cables, rubber grippers to tighten and much more."
"I'm a new knitter and had been looking at this item for months in the craft stores. I finally decided to buy it as the cost of a new set of needles for every project was getting a bit out of hand, and this allows for a wide range of use at the cost of 2 - 3 decent sets of needles or circulars.  I purchased he on Amazon for less than half the cost of the big craft stores including shipping.
These are very light weight and fast needles. The yarn just slides right over them. The set up is easy to put together and take apart, and while other reviewers have commented on the yarn getting snagged at the joint where the needles and cord attach, I haven't found this to be a problem unless the needle point was unscrewing or I was pulling my stitches too tight on the needle while knitting. So the latter has broken me of a bad habit, and the former problem can be avoided by using the key and tightening the set up properly.
The flexible straight set up is great for knitting in tight spaces (bus, planes, subway). No poking the person next to you with the blunt end of the needle.
I find that I can knit longer without my wrists and fingers getting sore due to the light weight. Using the flexible straight needle set up took a lot of stress off my wrists and finger joints which had been swelling when I knitted for long periods of time.
I looked at more expensive, and prettier sets made with fancier materials (stained and luxury woods), but these were by far the most versatile. A great buy for the money. And if you travel and like to bring your knitting along, the organized container the kit comes in is perfect. Keeps everything together and easy to access in a compact space."
"Since the set I had used for 45 years had worn out, I ordered this as a replacement, and it is even better than the one I had used originally."
works as advertised.  it does what it is supposed to do.  easy to use.  I had no problems changing tips.  It knits!
"This is a great interchangeable knitting set.  If I could give it more stars, I would! I am using it on several projects ( you can use different size needles and different cords at the same time) and I am totally satisfied with it.  I can't compare it to any other sets since I haven't used any others, but they would have to go far to beat it.  I also was delighted with the price since, locally it was over $60.00 and I got it for less than $30. Can't beat that as a plus."
"And they're freakin' dirt cheap too. I seen a set just like it at Jo-Anne's and it was like 80 frickin' dollars. I have no idea why they're so cheap but I'm not going to argue.

I use them every day."
I love circular needles but really hate storing them as they get all tangled and messed up. This is the ideal solution -- plus you never have to go looking for the other needle if it gets dropped and you can never lose it.
"I bought these awhile back and just completed my first project using them, a tank top.  They worked great.

I thought I didn't need to follow the directions with the extra tightening using the little key and holder, I was wrong and it started to come unscrewed which was no fun.  However once I did take the time to do as it told me I had no issues.  The yarn slipped over the needles and the cable with no issue.  And its nice having all the sizes in the nice case.  I also picked up some extra cables in varying lengths to be ready for whatever struck my fancy.

Overall great set and I would recommend to anyone.

Update 11/7/2014 - Dropped to 4 stars - I have had some issue with some parts not fitting together well, the needle just won't screw onto the cord and fit properly.  Most of the parts work, but it makes it difficult as you only have two of each needles and unless you bought lots of extra cables, one of each of those.  I have been able to use different size cables to work around it, but it still should all fit together"
The service and the price were excellent and product is much better than anticipated I am really pleased with the set.
I love this set. It takes up less room than regular needles and has all the sizes I usually use. I have used it a lot since I got it and expect to use it much much more.
Great case of needles to carry with you.  These are always my go-to needles when I knit hats and want to store a piece of knitting on a cable.
"I just started knitting in December 2013, and I simply love these needles.  I have knitted 6 hats in the past month with these needles.  I wish that it came with a cable needle though."
Assembly is easy and they're easy to use.  I love the case that keeps all the little pieces from getting lost and keeps the needles organized.  The cables seem sturdy and the metal fittings make me confident that it won't rip out from the needle in the middle of a project!
"This is a really useful set if you need different sizes and intend to do round knitting. The needles are in metal, easy to use, but they keep unrolling in the bound between the metal and the plastic chord. I used a lot to see one of them start to crack in the sharp point (what will happens eventually with other needles anyway). Overall is a good set, just wish it was cheaper, however, if you buy them separate it would get expensive."
ends fall off
"This is my first set of interchangeable needles, and having used them, I wouldn't buy them again. I need a 16"" cable to make hats, and while the 20"" cable sometimes works...you don't have much room to purl rather than knit. I haven't bought then16"" cable because I can already tell that it would be a waste of my money.

Aside from that, the cables unscrew very easily and wobble even while screwed in. The cables have a long section at each end that is rigid, which makes the effective length of the needle longer and makes it harder to work with shorter length needles. If you know about that and are okay with that, then it's a decent set...as long as you don't want to work with anything under 24""."
I had to tighten the tips onto the cables after every row.  I Gave up and bought an Addi set.
"It's too bad this product doesn't work as it is designed to.  The needles need to constantly be tightened when you're knitting, and if you're knitting in the round, be prepared to have your stitches fall off the cable.  If you try to tighten the needle to the cable while knitting, your yarn becomes snared between the coupling.

The good news; this was the first time I returned something to Amazon, and it could not have been easier.  They provide a shipping label, making it easy to return the product, and my account was credited quickly,  I was very, very impressed."
"I bought these because they are inexpensive.  You quickly learn fear because they unscrew very easily.  AND THEN, one attempt at tightening the out of fear, and the soft metal of the needles, lips when you screw the cable in - and you can't get the yarn over it without a fight.

Plus, the kit had one bad knitting cable connector, so in-between projects... I had to work around my lack of enough resources.

fine, for a first purchase, but one thing goes wrong in your projects and you are in trouble.  I expected more.

I would recommend investing in at least a $60-90 brand of needles.  It's a step up, but you won't waste cash."
"This is an amazing set of interchangeable aluminum knitting needles. Using the gripper and key included, you can make the cables really tight so they won't fall off. The cables are strong and flexible. I highly recommend this set to beginners and advanced knitters alike!"
"I didn't plan my timing well on this order.  So it arrived the same day my daughter left for Alaska, but it came in after we left for the airport.  This turned out to be a good thing, since one of needles have defective threading and wouldn't connect to the cable.  Amazon performed awesome customer service and provided a replacement kit (which has all working parts).  I can now send this and the other knitting items I ordered through Amazon to my daughter.  I had bought one of these kits for myself in 2007 and ordered this item for both my daughter and granddaughter."
"My daughter purchased these for me as a Christmas gift. I have used them maybe twice and have lost one size of a needle because of spuring of the aluminum. I use the tools properly to attach and tighten them to the cords, but the needles still come unscrewed. Reattaching them constantly is what causes the spurs. My husband had to actually sand down one of the needles so I could finish a project I was working on. The cables are VERY stiff and uncomfortable to work with. I won't be using these needles again unless I absolutely have to.  I would not recommend them at all."
"I bought this set at Michaels because it was good value- or so I thought. There is a major flaw with these needles: because the aluminum is a soft metal, After repeated tightening of the cable and needle, the orifice on the needles becomes  distorted from tightening and flares out. This ""flare"" impedes the transference of the yarn from one needle to the other I returned one set and bought another in the hope that it was just the one that was flawed, but I had the same problem again and will be returning this set as well. DON'T waste your time or money on this set,"
"As a beginning knitter, at first I loved this set. Some needle tips had sharp areas, but the nail file on my pocket knife fixed that.

As my skills progressed, I found the cables are too stiff for magic loop knitting. That rules out 2 at a time socks, or any very small circular knitting. No amount of tight curling or makeshift clips around the cables fixed this.  The needles are not marked with sizes, and a needle scale shows some of these needles are NOT a standard size.

Lastly, after 2 month of use I found that that tightening the cables into the needles caused the aluminum on the needles to flare out, creating very sharp rings that can grab or cut the yarn. Or cut your fingers.

I would suggest to any new knitter to spend an extra $10 and buy the nickel plated interchangeable set from knitpicks.com. Their wood needles have some bad reviews, but the metal needles are good. Amazon sells a tester set Knit Picks of 2 common needle sizes for $15 that convinced me those cables are flexible enough.

As soon as I can afford the better needles from Knit Picks, this set will be thrown out."
"I'm happy to have this set!  As some people have said the needles can start to come loose as you knit because you screw them on, but you can keep track of that.  It's a great set for the price!"
I ordered this knitting set awhile back and it has certainly come in handy over and over again.  This set will be around for years to come. Very happy with order.
I ordered this set to replace a Boye needle set I bought in 1970.  The small cables make it  easier to move stitches as you work The needle tips are lovely.  The kit seems almost a little too small.
"I've made two scarves with this set, each using different lengths of the cables. It is able to perform a variety of tasks."
I love this needle set. I have completed one project and have started a second. It is great not having to search and store all those needles! Now I can donate all the extra stuff.
"I purchased this set thinking it would be convenient to have all the sizes/lengths I needed for my projects.  Sadly, while knitting, I had to CONSTANTLY re-screw the needles back into place until I was sick of doing so.  My yarn would get stuck in the groove and I'd have to stop and tighten them again.  I am returning this set and rethinking my strategy."
While this kit looked great the needles work themselves lose from the cord. I followed the sketchy directions on how to make sure they are tight but didn't help.  Also the joint between the needle and the cord is rough and the yarn gets stuck. Miserable waste of money. I ordered a couple individual needles from another supplier. Don't waste your time with these.
Buy once and take care and you'll never have to buy again - this is why we purchased this wonderful fully loaded set of needles.  A lifetime of fun awaits.
the needles don't stay together no matter how tight you make them and yarn will not move freely on needle extensions
"I have worked with two separate sets of these needles, and have had the same problems with both. My boyfriend bought his mom this set last Christmas and, thinking I really liked them, bought me the same set this Christmas. I kindly asked him if we could return them in exchange for another set (Knitter's Pride Dreamz... I love them!). These needles just display a very low level of quality. The places where the plastic cables attach to the metal screw bits are very bumpy on most of the cables, and the metal part that sticks into the plastic to keep it in place is crooked and almost sticks out. I wish I could post pictures of this. So shoddy. On top of that, as many reviews state, they easily come unscrewed. I also will never understand why so many interchangeable sets come with 20'' as their smallest size when there are so many things to do with a 16"", but additional cables to create 16"" are affordable enough.
The positives of this set are the wide range of needle sizes and the nice case it comes with. Those are the only reasons I'm not giving this one star.
Tl;dr- Don't buy this set. Put in a few extra dollars and get a nice set."
I love to knit so this is a great kit! I comes in a bag so it's easy to carry it with you.
"alright, like the title says, the needles unscrew from the cables VERY frequently. so be careful when you're in the zone because if you don't pay attention it will slip out when you're in the middle of knitting and you could lose your stitches. if you wouldn't mind this, then i do recommend it. the cable sizes are WAY smaller than what they mention in the description. the smallest one is probably 14 inches. it's an okay product. wouldn't pay $80+ for it. i'd wait for a sale. not worth the $80"
"Despite various complaints about this product, I find these pretty good. It has the widest range of needle tips out there, are made of metal, and come in a convenient case. There are problems, though.
1. The cables are very short.
2. The cables are very stiff.
Because of this, you are constantly fighting to keep control of your needles, and are unable to do techniques such as magic loop. The connector fixed the short wire problem, but provides a stiff bar that is okay for normal knitting, but doesn't allow for the bending of wire for magic loop.
However, contrary to many other reviews, there is no ""annoying bend"" in the cable, and they have not once come apart.
3. The needles are made of weak metal.
My size 7 needles are have a small dent at the end of the needles where it bent up due to me tightening the cable too much. Rather than not allowing for further tightening when the cable of fully fastening, it just continues to turn, therefore ruining the needles. My size 15 needles have an even larger bend, but thankfully, bother pairs of needles work without problem.
4. The paint job is bad.
Many of my needles began to peel within a week of receiving them.

The problems with the needles are pretty much impossible to fix, though they don't interfere with the functionality too much. The cable problems are fixable, though. I found a tutorial online to make your own cables. I shied away from the idea of building at first, but the entire process simply involves measuring, cutting, filing, and gluing. It's very simple, though a bit time consuming.

[...]"
"I really do love this versatile, albeit basic, interchangeable knitting needle set.  I have made several projects using it since I bought it in July 2013 and I have no complaints.  I use the point gripper and the keys to tighten the connections and I have yet to have a problem with the tips coming loose.  I also prefer the aluminum tips over acrylic and bamboo, just a personal preference--more expensive doesn't necessarily mean better in my opinion.

The *only* quibble I have is that the set doesn't come with a 12"" cord, that would make my set complete; however, it is something that is offered here on Amazon and when it is back in stock I will order it.  I am still going to give this set five stars as it is a great value at this price point; I've used it often enough to where it's basically paid for itself. :-)  Recommend!"
"This si a great set of needles.  My only complaint is that the needles get ragged and sharp when they are screwed in tightly, creating little burrs that snag the yarn.  Otherwise, I love having every size of needle and an assortment of connectors in such a handy case."
"The cables are stiffer than I like, and one came with a permanent kink in it.  The joins are smooth but I have other sets I like better."
I love my set and haven't had issues.  For those that complain that their needles come undone I suggest using the tools that comes with the kit to secure the cords.  I never have an issue if I take the time to appropriately tighten the cords onto the needles.  I've had my set for a year now.
"I'm no knitting expert, but this kit has all the basic knitting needs (in my opinion). Not having a problem with the cables unscrewing from the needles during use. The description is not that accurate though. Great investment, sturdy equipment."
I had the same problems as many others.  The connection between the needle and the cord is awkward and the needles come unscrewed.  I also had one of the connectors break off.  I'm in the process of looking for a better set.  Save your money and spend it on a higher quality product.
"The needles themselves are fine, but the cables are stiff, and the connectors are beyond awful. My first project with this set was an afghan that required me to link 3 of the cables together. The connectors aren't uniform, so they don't screw together like they should. Only one of the connections joined properly; the others had male ends that were too small for the female ends, so they either immediately fell out or came apart with movement of any kind. After the 5th or 6th time they separated, and at least 100 dropped stitches, I tried wrapping the connections with tape. This sort of helped keep them together (they still came apart, but not as frequently), but of course the yarn wouldn't slide and repeatedly snagged. The coupe de gras was when I looked down to see the cable had separated again - only this time the connector had snapped off inside the needle (it wasn't over-tightened). I've scrapped the in-progress afghan and will start again after I exchange this set for one that works properly."
I got this for my mom for Christmas and she absolutely loved it! She started knitting a little sweater for the dog right away.
Am so glad that I finally got them cause I've always wanted a set every since 2010 when I first started knitting that you so much Amazon.
"First off, the needles come unscrewed WAY too easily. I followed the advice of other reviewers and used the tightening kit EVERY TIME I changed the needles out, yet they still come loose after just a few rows of knitting. Dropping stitches in the middle of a lace project because your needle came unscrewed from its cable? That is not okay.

Second, the quality of the parts is horribly cheap. Because of the problems I've had with them coming unscrewed, I tried to screw it on very tightly, which ended up bending the edge of the needle (so there is now a little lip where the needle connects to the cable). And it STILL came unscrewed. Then, one of the smaller cables actually broke on me while I was knitting. The metal screw at the end of the cable completely snapped off the nylon cord, and is now permanently stuck inside one of the needles.

I thought I was getting a great deal on these needles, but turns out I just wasted my money. I will be throwing this set away and looking for something better quality, and more reliable. I would NOT recommend these needles to anyone."
"Pros: When I first got it, I loved it! It comes in a case with everything in place. The needles available go all the way up to a size US 15. The cables come in various lengths as well.

Cons: The first time I used it, one of the cords broke off of the needle so now the cord and needle are useless because I have no way of pulling out the metal end that got stuck."
"bought these for my wife for xmas 2012, she loves them, is the case is a great addition, great buy"
"I'm new to knitting, and all I've heard was 'buy circular needles, you can do so much with them'.  Maybe.  First time I tried to use them, one of the #5 needles wouldn't connect to the cable.  The others are okay as far as I know, but of course, I needed the #5. And the needles themselves are really too short to use on their own.  At least for me."
"The needles consistently become unscrewed during projects. I originally liked the set when I bought it, the selection was great,  but I have had one needle actually snap off, so not only is the needle unusable, the cable is too because there is a portion of the needle stuck inside the cable. The quality of the product is off. To replace both the needle and cable for this set would cost me $7.50 +$1.50 S&H. I do not think this will be the last time I would need to purchase replacements and for that reason I am giving this product a lower rating."
"I purchased these for our eldest granddaughter, who decided to take up knitting. She asked for these and had seen them in a fabric store. I couldn't find them elsewhere but bless Amazon, they were here when I needed them, once again. She was thrilled with the set and has used them happily."
Looks cool. It's a gift for my sister. I don't know how to knit. Hopefully she'll like it. If not I'll return it.
"I already had this set.  My daughter accidently broke one of the pairs.  Amazon was selling it so cheaply that I just bought another whole set because I LOVE this set.  I've been knitting with them for over a year.  They glide so smoothly as you knit.  My only complaint might be the cables.  One of my cables got bent and stiff.  I love how you put the cables on and together as well.  As long as you use the little tool to tighten and the rubber grip to hold on as you tighten you will not have the cable and needle come apart.  If you don't use the tool and rubber grip to put the cable and needle together,you can be sure the thing will come apart.  The handy case is nice too although I wouldn't have minded a few empty pockets in it for accessories.  So glad I bought this set!!"
"Love the variety of sizes, but the needles keep unscrewing while I am knitting and the needles themselves don't say the size so if you place them in the wrong spot in the case, you can mistakingly use the wrong needle, especially the smaller ones."
"This was tiny (like a bottlecap), but it was more than enough ink to stamp out 200 entree selections on our escort cards for a wedding."
"This kit is decent in the concept (many need sizes, interchangeable cord lengths) for a reasonable price (if buying through Amazon or using a coupon at a craft store...The value is NOT worth the full retail price!). Aluminum, bamboo, plastic...it depends on what YOU are comfortable with. Don't let anyone tell you what that should be.

Pros:
+ Protective carrying case zips and keeps everything together in one place.
+ Inserts lining the case keep everything organized within the case.
+ Color coded needles ranging from 2-15 (and 10.5!).
+ 2 Tighteners/needle fasteners
+ 2 Additional couplers (they join the needle to the cord)
+ You can make flexible straight needles
+ You can make extended cord lengths.

Cons:

- The needles can unscrew in the middle of a project if you're not experienced and/or careful. There is a tightening stick in the kit and you can use this to tighten up if your project is on the needles
- The threading in needles can strip if you tighten to hard.
- No 16-inch length cord. You can buy one at your local craft store or on Boye's website.
- Mine did not come with a manual or instruction sheet, even on the printed insert, which is not helpful for knitters not familiar with circular knitting or the knitting tools that with the kit....You can find it on the product description at simplicity.com or here they are: 4 stitch holders (red button shaped thing), 2 point grippers (black spongy rounds), 2 couplers (metal connectors with a hole in the middle), 2 tighteners/needle fasteners (thin metal sticks with loops on the end).

Again, decent product at discounted price...NOT worth $90."
I have been needing a full set of interchangeable circulars for a long time. I had to jump on the price for this- a whole lot less expensive than I had seen so far. Every knitter should have one of these!
"The kit itself is great and the selection and quality of the needles are perfect. I was able to assemble them easily. The only disappointment was the length of the cables, they are much shorter than those advertised in the product description, I measured the. Myself to be 10,12, 14 and 22.  They do include a coupler to attach up to 3 cables together for longer projects, so that is helpful."
I love it!  So easy and convenient.  Everything in one place for a variety of different size needles and lengths for a variety of projects.
I'm an avid knitter and these interchangeables make that really easy. All my needles are now in one place - at last.
I have knitted an assortment of projects in various yarn weights both straight and in the round. I followed the instructions on how to attach the cables using the key and gripper and have never had one come unscrewed until I wanted it to. I'm so glad I decided to invest in a set!
"Outstanding set.  I just started knitting and a friend showed my her interchangeable needles; of course I went home and searched for some. These are great and just what I had hoped to find. The holding case is red so I can find it in my bag easily.  The set also includes end caps so that you can use them as flexible needles if you don't need the circular set for your current project.  With the great sale, I went back on and ordered another set for my Mom who just introduced me to knitting, thanks Mom!"
I keep retwisting the cable and I need to find something sturdy so I can knit flawlessly. thnx. bye :)
"I purchased this set of needles because the description implied they are made in the USA.  However, both the product and the packaging clearly state ""MADE IN CHINA.""  My review is based solely on this fact.

I did not open this package, so I cannot attest to the quality or lack thereof of the product.

Amazon is kindly accepting my return."
I love interchangeable since they keep things organized and travel well. These had a great price and the quality is good.
"These are the needles I learned to knit on--my mom had bought a set like this back in the 80s. Over the years, though, pieces went missing and it got to the point where I had to significantly rework patterns to fit the limited gauges I was left with after losing half the needles. So I bought this set to replace the old one and it was the same, familiar needles I grew up with. I love that everything I need for circular knitting is all in this set. The needles are smooth with just enough heft and great, sharp points that make picking up small stitches and doing complicated things with them very easy."
Needles and attachments are smaller than most and quality is a wee bit below standard.  But for the price it was worth it.  Shipping was fast.
"In total I like Needlemaster 40-Piece Interchangeable Aluminum Knitting Set, but I have problems with cables lengths: they are NOT true to size. The matter is that in description on site of Amazon and also on the package of the set were mentioned following cable lengths: 20-inch, 24-inch, 29-inch and 36-inch, but  in fact I have got cable lengths: 12-inch, 14-inch, 16-inch and 21-inch. I was very disappointed. I would like to be informed about the right lengths before purchasing. Now Im looking for the required lengths, but Boye offers only lengths: 12-inch, 14-inch, 16-inch and 21-inch. Maybe any other manufactures  cables are suitable for the Boye set? Please, advice."
"My first set of interchangeable knitting needles were the Denise brand.... plastic needles and plastic connecting parts.  They kept disconnecting while I worked with them... completely unacceptable.  So, I purchased these aluminum needles thinking they would be better and stronger.  One use, they also disconnected!  Second use, I used their included tools, a gripper and a key (similar to an unbent paperclip) to tighten them.  The female end of the needle fanned out of shape when I tightened it!  Size no. 8, now useless because the needle will snag the yarn!  Third use, size 2 for a pair of mittens, the blob of plastic on the wire connecting to the male screw piece is bigger than the needle.  So all the work must remain on the needle and cannot be moved down onto the wire!  Just very disappointed and now in the market for another set!  I cannot recommend these."
"I love these.....everything you need to knit in the round or knit extended lengths is in this little pouch. The only problem I have had is some of the needle tips don't stay tightened to the cord. As long as I remember to periodically check the tightness,all I'd well.  I love the smoothness of the needle tips,also.  Would I recommend these..in a heartbeat

."
Just perfect i had been looking for a set with all sizes and this was it. Love and have told everyone where I got it and showed the set to everyone i know
"I had been wanting a set of interchangeable knitting needles for several months.  I chose these mostly because they were offered at 70% off.  I am NOT disappointed.  The key is key.  If I do not use the key, then the needles will come loose and I must stop to tighten them.  However, if I use the key, I have absolutely no problems.  The grip pad is also very useful when changing the needles.  I have not had any problems with yarn catching at the connections.  Also, I don't think the cables are all that stiff either.  So far I have made a shrug using 2 different sizes of needles (started with smaller, changed to larger, and back to smaller) and it came out great.  I took the project on a road trip and knitted in the car.  Great packaging, easy to find what I needed, even in a cramped space."
"For the sizes you get with this kit, it's a pretty great deal. It comes with sizes 3-10, with 10.5s, 11s, 13s, and 15s. It also comes with cords that can be connected to create longer cords. Compared to the Knitpicks interchangeable set at the same price, which comes with only sizes  4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10,10.5 and 11 and 2 each of 24"" and 32"" length cables, this seems like the better deal.

However, it's worth noting that the size 2 and 3 needles are practically unusable. Unless you knit loose, the stitches are guaranteed to get stuck where the needles connect with the cables. It makes for incredibly annoying knitting, and I eventually just transferred everything over to dps.

The cables themselves are also a bit stiff. I've never used the Knitpicks cables, so I can't attest to their flexibility, but the reviews say they're very fluid.

All in all, this set is okay, but I'd look into buying a different set if possible. And if you're looking for interchangeable 0-3's, I think you're pretty much screwed."
"After a month of using these needles, I now wish I would have returned them. The concept is good - but the needles unscrew while you are stitching and if you don't stop and twist at the end of each row - you will end up losing your needles. The interchangeable cables are a little stiff but if you continue to use them, they may soften up? Not worth the hassle to be honest."
I love the way these needles twist together. But most of all I have the size needle needle I will ever need in my set.
I have knitted several items since I received the set and I am very satisfied with it. Plus I saved a bunch of money because I did not have to buy each size needles seperately. I highly recommend it!!
this is a great product u cant find it no cheaper I went to a lot of stores and they wanted 50.00 to 60.00 dollars for this same set and I was so glad I bought on amazon .com
"I've only been knitting for a few months and this set gives me a lot of choice. It has a wide range of needle sizes. The needles feel smooth when I knit with them.
The case is comfortable and compact.
I cut the instructions like someone else advised, folded them and put them in the zipper case.
I can also fit other circular needles that I have in the case.
If you take the time to tighten the cable onto the needle using the key that is given, then the needles will not unscrew.
The price was perfect. I went to a craft store and saw the same kit for $69.99.
Thanks for reading. Hope this helps."
The kit was exactly what I've been looking for and the price was perfect for my budget. Thank you for the prompt service.
"The yarn tends to get stuck at the end of the wire because of the bend, and before the rise of the needle.  It is especially difficult when I try to knit the first and second round.  But, this could just be that this is my first circular knitting experience.  Otherwise, I really like the set.  The needles are made of Al, so the yarn slides along more easily.  The different sizes are color coded, which makes the set look very visually attractive.  The different size wires are a plus, not to mention that they can be extended with the connectors provided.  I still have to figure out how to use the red button thing."
"The price for this product was incredible.  The needles tips stay connected much better that other sets I have tried without having to be retightened.  The cables are a little stiffer than on some sets.  The tips have a nice sharp point so the yarn is not split as much.  Overall it is a good set.  If you have used Boye needles in the past, the exerience is much the same.  The circular needle design allows the weight of the project to stay in your lap instead of on your wrists.  The aluminum tips allows the yarn to flow smoothly.  The join between the tips and the cable is smooth enough that the yarn does not catch when sliding the stitches to the end of the needles.  Overall it is a good product."
"1. Needles keep unscrewing as I knit and I end up dropping stitches. Only solution is to re-tighten after every few rounds.
2. The join on certain cables doesn't line up with the needle which causes snags.
3. The cables kink permanently. One from my set actually came kinked right near the join!
4. No 16"" cable. How am I to do a neck?
5. Plastic case is cheap.
6. No instructions on how to use the accompanying tools (not that they work, mind you) came with my set. Finally found instructions online at simplicity.com.

2 stars, not 1 because I like the needle material, and the colors.

I'd send the set back, but it was a gift from my non-knitting mother-in-law who thought she'd found the perfect gift for me. How could I break her heart?

It's back to my Addi Turbos."
"21"" cable is much too short for my knitting project. As for the needles, I prefer Bates. I had to reorder 2 more 21"" cables and the couplers to connect them. Since the cables are all short, couplers should be included with the set."
So much cheaper than having to buy a ton of circular needles. I love this product! Makes knitting fun and easy!
"good beginner set
set is easy to use and tote about
only issue is one must regularly make habit to ensure connections not loosening"
"Yes, the sizes and lengths are convenient, but dude, these keep coming unscrewed while I'm knitting, even after I tighten to the point of busting one of the tightening tools. I have to wonder if the Knitters Pride set might not have been the better buy overall."
I love this set.  I now have every size needle I would need to make any of my projects.  May need to get another since I have so many partially done projects and need the same size needle again.
"This set comes in a handy case that is easy to store and carry with you when you need it. It's nice to have all those needles sizes in one place. When you want to make something, you don't have to search for the right size and they do include the tiny sizes that other sets do not. I have read here that the sizes aren't printed on the needles. Most metal circular needles don't have the sizes printed on them. All you need is a little plastic or metal needle gauge that costs a couple of dollars and keep it in your case with the needles..no problem. Another problem I read was that the needles unscrew while you are knitting. There is in the case several little gadgets that will help screw the needles tightly so that doesn't happen too often. I haven't had that problem with mine. Ok, now for the things I don't like about these needles. I don't like the way the needles connect to the cable because they are not as smooth as they could be and the yarn sort of grabs on. The cables are horrible, they are too stiff and they are not long enough. The customer service from Simplicity (where you can get replacement parts) is terrible. You won't get any help from them. If you do need help, your best bet is on line tutorials and knitting chat rooms.  I found a tutorial on line to make longer more flexible cable for these needles and I am going to try that. Here is the link:
 http://www.craftster.org/forum/index.php?topic=360820.0#axzz2UvELHN5R
Other than that, these needles are really very good for the money. They are the most inexpensive interchangeable needles around. I might add that if you don't make new cables for these needles, you won't be able to do magic loop with this needle set. As I mentioned before, the cables that come with this set are very stiff and way too short for magic loop knitting."
How wonderful to have all the needle sizes necessary for almost any pattern. The needles are a good quality and easy to change out for a different size. I love them!
Great... loved them...was very pleased with these... would recommend them to everyone...Plan on doing alot of kntting with these...thanks again
This is a great set for the price.  Also very nice points on the needles.  For an aluminum needle they are very nice.
"I bought these because of their price, and they're worth about that much. I bought them instead of the much more expensive metal interchangeable needle options. The cords are less flexible than I'd like (magic loop is no fun) and even using the tightening tools provided, they come loose easily."
"This set is very nice for the money, but the connector cords are too cumbersome  since they are made in with solid plastic. If I had known this before this purchase I would have spent more money for a better set with better connecting cords."
"I was knitting a blanket in the round, it didn't even get to lap size before the size 5 needle just snapped at the threading, lost a bunch of my stitches. I'm not an ""aggressive"" knitter and I've never broken interchangeable needles before. It was extremely frustrating, I don't trust the rest of the set now and the size 5 is my favorite anyway."
"Great knitting tool, they are big enough that they are easy to use and move around but not so big it streches out your stich."
"I like the feeling of these needles a lot. I like them better than bamboo because they are much smoother. I am a beginner so I may change my mind later in the future. The only thing I disliked about the company is their cords. They are too stiff. It causes the cord to come off the needle at times. It is not that big of a deal though, I just change how I knit to prevent it. Over all, great set. I am halfway through my scarf! :)"
"Great convenience to have all sizes on hand!  Handy, portable folder to keep everything together. I like that it's easy to use."
"The price reflects the quality, which is poor.

Knitters will quickly outgrow this kit as they move on to finer yarns and more demanding projects. If you are the sort of person to take up knitting just to make a dishtowel then this kit will suffice, however you would be better off just buying the set of needles you need for that individual product and saving your money. Boyle's Interchangeable Needlemaster System is very clunky and very clumsy and tends to ensnare the yarn. The needle tips themselves are ok but the wires quickly unscrew and are inflexible and can cause a lot of damage to your project.

If you intend to sit and knit for long hours or do any intermediate to advance projects these the Needlemaster kit will hold you back. A better buy at a similar price would be Knitpicks Harmony, Metal or Sunstruck options or better yet, Knitter's Pride as they have 16"" circular options. The 16"" circular option on the Needlemaster barely bends to make a full circle. If you knit Magic Loop style you will find yourself constantly laboring against the stiffness of the wires. The larger needles (US 10 and up) are hard to work even when placed on the 24"" options. The smaller needles are even harder to control on any of the cables. Only 6-9 are really usable on the 24"" cable and up.

Save your money, the strain on your hands and nerves and invest $10-20 more in another kit. The resale value of the Needlemaster is practically worthless due to the fact that both amateur and professional knitters quickly outgrow this kit and buy better quality ones."
This set really comes in handy since I kept loosing my circular needles now they can all be found in this handy attractive kit.
My cables are straight - they may have been angled at the ends in the past but mine are not. Very nice tips - I found them to be true to size. The case is fine - don't know why others complain about this - what do you want for the price - a Coach bag? My tips did not come unscrewed when I used the tool and the gripper to tighten them - you don't have to use major force. Nice selection of sizes - smooth tips - just sharp enough. My only complaint is the stiff wires wich in the end are not terrible - one star off for that. Google make your own boye cables and you will find a nice set of instructions - I plan on making my own - already bought the supplies on Amazon. Better than paying quite a bit more for a different set and why bother when the tips are so nice. I will still use the included cables as flexible straight needles since the set includes the end caps. Nothing is going to waste. There is an order form included in the kit to buy different size cables and replacement parts. I'm glad I bought them.
"Having all sizes of needles at my fingertips is very convenient and I like the ""compactness"" of the product.  It requires very little storage space.  I would like to be able to order replacement parts, I have not found a way to do that."
Love this product! I can make any length two pointed knitting needles I need and the acrylic pieces in between won't curl all out of control
"I love the feel of these needles, the pointiness of the tips, and the huge range in sizes available in this set. Unfortunately the cables are very stiff and have a lot of memory, so they are very difficult to work with, and doing Magic Loop on them is near impossible. Luckily I found on the internet a way to make my own cables out of weed whacker cord so that these needles are usable now. But making your own cables is a lot of time and effort, a task that should not be mandatory before the product can be properly used, so for this reason I am docking the product 2 stars.

Make better cables, Boye, and this would be an excellent set of interchangeables at a great price."
I am an avid knitter! And with the interchangeable knitting set I can get all my projects done and lots faster and smoother using this type of knitting needle.
"you will love it - if you use them correctly.  No need to buy another needle, love that there are 4 length wires given with it. can do any project on them."
"This set of circulars is just what I needed to do my various projects. My only issues are that the cables are very stiff so it makes magic loop much impossible to do. I don't know if they get easier to move later. Also, one of the connectors for attaching two cables together was defective, so I need to order more. Other than that, it is a wonderful set and I absolutely love it. I have had no issues with the needles and cables coming undone mid-project."
"This was an asked for x-mas gift, so my sister said she really likes this knitting set very much and would recommend it to others."
"The case is perfect for keeping everything straight, and I love being able to just screw the needles on and off. Sometimes the needles twist by themselves and get a little loose, but that's fine with me. Great product!"
"I just love that everything is held into this small package. I haven't had the privilege of using these yet, but I have not been disappointed by Boye products in the past."
"Purchased one for myself and one for a friend.  I have a bunch of long needles already, but this set is great for anyone that wants a set of size 2-15 needles.  I recommend getting ciruclar needles, because they will save you a lot of hassle while knitting.  Especially if you're the type who is constantly putting your work down.

The only 'problem' I had was I couldn't figure out what the key was for.  It doesn't tighten up the cable or anything.  I may be doing it wrong, but this was a great purchase and it really helps to have more needle since I have a bunch of projects to do."
this is just what I wanted. now I can knit with any size needles I need and have them in a neat little package .
"I am sure that I will be able to use it for some projects however the specific project that I purchased it for will not work. I originally wanted to use it to make childrens hats.  The Points are too long before you attach it to the cable making it very unwieldly.  Also unless I tightened it so that I have trouble getting it unattached, it comes undone all by itself."
"Love them, they tend to unscrew when I am knitting but that is no big deal I just screw them up every once in a while. I am very happy with them."
"Like many of you I read the reviews and contemplated buying this set over a more expensive and potentially better quality set. I'm Canadian, so once I found this set available on Amazon with a seller that would ship to me at less than half the price of its Canadian selling point, I figured what did I have to lose!? And Boye, oh boye (okay, I couldn't resist!) am I glad that I did.

A bit of context: I'm a young but experienced knitter.  I'm 25 but have been knitting since I was 8, and have tried enough needles to know that I love aluminium (its so smooth to knit with!) and hate wood/bamboo.  I knit for fun, not for speed or productivity, so I value different things from a knitting set, then perhaps a more seasoned knitter. With that being said.. Now to the actual review:

The Cons:
1. Yes, its true.. The needles do become unscrewed. BUT knowing is half the battle! If you're aware of this, just tighten the needles every round or so and, like me, you'll see that its not that big of an issue.  I've never dropped any stitches and tightening was quick and not too bothersome.

The Pros:
1. Cost - you can't beat it!
2. Smooth aluminums needles make for quicker knitting! I didn't have any issues with the yarn snagging on the connection points.
3. The cable: counter to other's complaints I didn't have any issues with inflexibility.  I found the cable to be *more* flexible than standard Boye circulars (which tend to require a hot water dip to loosen them up) yet with more stiffness than those pesky bamboo circulars which are often *too* flexible, and get all curled up on me.
4. I love how compact the case is, and how well labelled it is.  The case is smaller than I was expecting (a plus) and everything is very snugly secured in the case.
5. Complete set with good range of needle and cable sizes: I love how easy it is to switch from one gauge to another mid-knitting.  I really hate having to transfer stitches, and this set makes it a breeze!
6. Stitch holder capability: the set comes with little buttons that attach to cable to make for a really long stitch holder.  I LOVE this feature! As I said, I *hate* transferring stitches from a holder piece of yarn, and often find that conventional stitch holders aren't large enough, if I'm working on a big sweater, for example.  I love that you can simply slide off the buttons, screw in your needles and start working the back piece of a project, easy as pie!

In sum: I feel like all interchangeable sets will have their flaws, and its really a matter of choosing the set who's flaws least conflict with your preferences.  For the money, this set is perfect for me, and allows for a better, quicker, more enjoyable knitting experience.  If you've been reading the reviews and wondering if this set will work for you, I hope you find my review to be helpful.  In my experience, this set is definitely worth the buy."
"I have this set and the Addi-click set. I have also used a crochet set by Denise. Of the three, Denise seems to have the most seamless connection. I love the Addi-click, the feel of the needles and the flexibility of the cables.

As many reviewers have said, the needles often come loose from the cables - I constantly check and tighten them as needed so that is an annoyance but not a huge problem. My biggest issue with this set is that the cables are very stiff. The Denise interchangeables  are just slightly higher than these. If you can afford the price difference, and don't mind plastic, I would go with the Denise. If you prefer metal or bamboo, and price is not a consideration check out the Addi-clicks."
"I'm not sure if it's the needles or my expectations. I was kind of disappointed in these. I have one of the needles that need to be replace already because when I put it on the cord it messed up the end of the needle. They are hard to use, but I just use them mostly when I am in need of a needle for straight work. Not very good for working in the round."
"I used to have a set like this years ago...gave it away when I stopped knitting after moving to a warm climate.  Last year I moved
to a cold winter climate again!!!!"
"Had high hopes or this set with the positive reviews listed, but to my dismay I am very displeased with it. The needles are constantly unscrewing from the cable making my projects take a lot longer than necessary. I do like the needle variety, however when you must keep screwing the tips back on after every few stitches it gets tedious and very annoying. I am now going to just pay the money and get a better set where the cables are more secure and do Not fray and ruin my projects."
"I read many, many reviews before purchasing a knitting kit.  I had a partial kit by Denise (<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Blue-Denise-Interchangeable-Knitting-Needles-Set/dp/B001B2MHYS/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Blue Denise Interchangeable Knitting Needles Set</a>) that I had found at a Thrift store.  I was not thrilled with the Denise set-sometimes the tips would come loose (they connect by turning 90 degrees to a ""locked"" position) and my stitches were always getting caught in the gap where the rubber cable would slip back from its plastic connector.  No amount of jamming and twisting would keep that gap closed (to be fair, maybe there was a reason it was at the thrift).  I have now had the Needlemaster set for several months and am very happy with it.

I would like to comment on several points I read about in other reviews:

1. Some people complained that the cables are too stiff; that using the Magic Loop technique is impossible.  I did not have any issues with the stiffness.  (I did soak the cables in near boiling water before using them.)  I have used the Magic Loop technique successfully down to the size of a newborn sweater cuff (about a 50-cent piece size opening).

2. A lot of people do not like the bent connectors at the end of the cables.  The set I purchased from Amazon did not have bent connectors.  I think the new style has straight connectors (even though the pictures usually show them as bent).

3. There is a common complaint that the tips come unscrewed and many stitches are lost.  Through several projects I have had one tip come loose.  (I always tighten the tips with the pin and grip pad as per the instructions and usually I can't loosen them by hand even if I wanted to.)  However, I noticed stitches getting caught in the gap long before the tip came completely off and simply retightened it; not a single stitch was lost.  (If I remember correctly, I was knitting VERY tight in that case and when I was trying to move the stitches from the cable back onto the tip I used a twisting motion which contributed to the loosening of the tip.  Now I make sure and only push the stitches straight on with no twisting motion.)

4.  I read that the metal of the tips is too soft and mushrooms out when the cable is screwed in.  I did have this problem with one tip when I over tightened the cable.  I was able to bend the edges back by rolling it on a harder piece of metal, but it tends to mushroom back out if I'm not careful when I torque down the connection.

5.  The smallest tip (size 2) is very slightly smaller than the connector on the cable.  If you tend to knit very tight (like I do) it is rather difficult to get the stitches over the connector and back onto the tips.  This has been the biggest issue I have had with this set.

I love this set.  I would buy it again in a heartbeat.  I love having everything I need in one place (I even added scissors, stitch holders, tapestry needle, etc. inside the pouch to make it completely perfect!) and that I will never have to go back to the store to buy the next size needle because my gauge is off (which I always found out at 10pm when all store are closed thereby delaying my project by another day)."
"I found that this was a very great transacton, very fast and easy.  Will use again if in the market again."
"I would like one more short circle for smaller items like baby things.  Otherwise, this is a great set! Recommended"
"These are great, and so affordable. Before I bought these I had read another review where they had a problem of the needles coming loose in the middle of a project. I did have this problem at first, and I had to keep checking and tightening them. Then I realized that the pack came with a small tool to tighten them. Once I used that, they haven't come loose not once!"
"I am very happy with my purchase. I like everything about those needles . I think it is a bargain compare to other expensive forgein made needles. It glides throu stitches , interchangable loops are flexible so you can do magicloop easy."
"I looked at similar product in Canada, and couldn't compare with the value. Here they wanted $135 (CAN) for the same set. Value cannot be beat."
"OK so I'm a relatively new knitter, have only finished a few projects, but I am really enjoying this set.  I did take out the accessories and put them in a separate small baggie because they're too hard to take out and put back in frequently in this case.  The needles themselves though and the cable are nicely packaged and easy to find and use.
I saw the bad reviews that said that the cables come loose.  I only have had this trouble after knitting many rows, so I do tighten them on occasion, but it's only needed on large projects and only infrequently.

I did have one of the connectors get splayed from tightening it too much, but I have not had this happen with the needles.  I always use the keys and the gripper, or else they WILL come loose.  I just ordered spare connectors from [...] (they have all the replacement parts for this kit, for very reasonable prices, for example only $1 for a set of 2 connectors)

I have tried different materials of needles and for me I prefer the slickness of aluminum, and the needles in this set are just the right sharpness (not too sharp, not too dull)

I think I will be using this set for long time to come!"
"Nice beginner set if you like metal tips. After getting a set of Denise's, though, I realize that the cables are a lot more stiff than is necessary and I find it annoying.  I also now realize how heavy they are in comparison (not like lead, but the difference is obvious). You definitely must use the key to tighten, as they will come apart if only given a hand twist. This is one of the few sets that have needles smaller than #5.

I seem to use #7 the most and I overtightened it, making the end bulge. I called the company three days ago and have not received a response. It was also rather difficult to find the company to make that call- so customer service rating is zero. (not seller, but Boye). Considering I called several other manufactures this week in seeking a better set of interchangeables- and always got a call-back by the end of the day- this speaks volumes.  fortunately, a new set of ends is inexpensive, but I feel that, if my weak little arms can bulge the aluminum, this should be a warrantee item.  I'll edit this review if and when I get a response from Boye.

I have since bought sets of Addis (both the Turbos/basic and the lace long tip. If you can afford the Boyes, spend the bit extra for the Denise. If you like the slipperiness of metal and the speed it allows, save up and get the Addis."
It's nice to have every size.  The needles are top quality. I am very happy with them.  I would highly recommend them.
The only thing that would make this product better is if the cords were more flexible and on a swivel. I haven't had any problem with the cord unscrewing as long as you use the key and the grip pad when screwing it in. The yarn glides well over the needles. The variety of sizes is a plus.
"I knitted a very loose hat with a yarn notorious for snagging on this beautiful set, and never had a single problem!  Now, I can finally knit my sweater with these lovely needles!"
LOVED the idea and ordered these EXCEPT -- some needles keep coming loose and actually coming apart (the extra tools do NOT make any difference
Sometimes the cable becomes disconnected from the needle points in the midst of knitting.  Not sure you can tighten the connection enough.  Will keep trying
I wanted a circular knitting set and this is what I received.  I read the reviews and was forwarned that it is hard to get over the joint where the needles insert and it is hard to get stitches on and over those joints.
"I was looking for a set of interchangeable needles but had only just re-connected my love of knitting, so didn't want to spend a fortune on the more expensive ones. These have so far exceeded my expectations! I love the case it comes in as well as the feel of the aluminum needles. They don't 'catch' like they are suspected of doing
My only criticism is that the needles and cables are not marked in some way to identify their sizes like the more expensive ones (but if you keep them sorted in the case it's not a drama).
Highly recommend these to start off your circular needle adventures!"
"I've used Boye for many years in my yarn projects.  I bought this set one month ago and I was very excited by the versatility.  Initially I found the cables to be really stiff making it difficult to work with.  I also found that the screws come loose every few rows.  While starting my second project with this set, the needle splayed open when I screwed the cable into place.  I did not use a lot of force, not even enough to bend the little paperclip-like tightening tool they provide.  I am a long time user of Boye and the poor quality of this kit has me very disappointed."
"I use these needles doing hats and smaller circular knits by using 2 circular needles when I want to make the circular smaller as in hats etc. When I have less than 30 stitches in the work I use 2 sets of circular needles, divide the stitches on them, after I have knit 7 or 8 stitches on the first needle I pull the aluminum part through so that all the stitches slide to the cable. Then I finish the rest of the stitches on the first needle, pull again all the stitches to the cable. I continue that way until the end of the second needle, when it is free I start again the same way and it will not stretch the knitting much. I find that easier than by using DPN. After you try that way a little while it becomes very easy."
"So far so good. Only problem is that one of my needles is slightly stripped, not to much of a problem (cord stays tightly connected) besides the open end of the needle has started to splay outwards. So it sometimes snags my yarn :/"
I got this set thinking it would be perfect for a beginning knitter. Problem: It 's only good if you need a set of circular needles (not both circular and straight).
"These are great needles and do a good job, if you do a lot of knitting. It is really nice to have all the sizes on hand."
"Comenc a inspirarme mas con estas herramientas, espero continuar creciendo, son de mucha utilidad. Desde cosas pequeas hasta muy grandes he podido hacer con esto."
I am so excited to use my new set of knitting needles. i couldn't get it out of the packaging quick enough ;) The needles are color coded and easily interchanged. The price ($38) is a great value. I'm almost finished with my first project with my new circular needles and I can't wait to start my next one. I know some folks are afraid of circular needles but they are quite easy to use and I would encourage all to try them out!
"The package was delivered intact.  The needle case is of poor quality, I purchased this as a gift but would not have if I had seen it in person.  There are good variety of needle sizes.  Durability is questionable.
Delivery was slow.  All in all not bad, just so so."
I didn't have these needles and they are just what I expected.  Everything all in one.  The needles have their own storing space.  Well worth the money.  I had seen for much more.
"It was a great price to get an entire set. I had some individual parts from the Needlemaster line, and they've always worked well for me. I was hoping for longer cables (the length quoted *includes* the two needles at the ends), but the nice thing about this is the straight metal joins it has. My old cables had angled joins on them, which means the joined cables would have weird angles in them that the yarn would catch and bunch up on. These keep the yarn going around smoothly."
"I love the variety of needles available in this kit. It even includes smaller needles that aren't available in other kits. The cables are very stiff and somewhat difficult to use at times. The stiffness contributes to the needles coming unscrewed. I use these for projects, but they do require a little more attention to make sure they don't get loose. They are a great value if you don't want to fork out the serious dough for the bamboo needle set."
"Love this set, its a very inexpensive way to get started on a new hobby. I'm teaching myself to knit and rather than buying individual knitting needles I figured this should be a great way to get all I need for the different projects. Needles work great for both straight and circular knitting so if you don't want the added expense of straight needles you don't need them. Now I've ordered a set of double pointed needles very inexpensive on Amazon.com and I can take on any project... I've already knitted my 16 month old a beautiful cardigan and some wristers for my sister...."
"The concept is great, but the first time I used the number seven circular needle, it broke where it's attached to the ""wire""--very disappointing."
"Good price, nice carrying case, nice and compact.  Have not used it yet but looking foreward to it.  Small enough to put in a small work bag or even your purse.  I am very happy so far."
"I got the set as a Christmas present from my husband, and it is so cool! It comes all ready in a Boye case (mine is red with black trim, it zips up and opens like a book) which is plastic but padded on the inside and textured as similarly to leather as poly-whatever-it-is as possible. It does have a little plastic smell, like a kid's vinyl doll, but it isn't strong and eventually will go away.
The needles are all pretty sharp and well-made, in sizes from 2 to 15 (US), and while the sizes are not marked on the needles themselves, they each have a numbered spot in the case. That might be a minus for some but doesn't apply to me (I have a gauge ruler for derp moments). The cords are plastic and need some flexing but after the first few rounds of stitches anyone should be good to go without a problem. Make sure to use a key and the gripper to attach your needles/connectors and they will not come unscrewed! I made the mistake of just screwing a cord and tips together by hand alone and every once in a while it would start to come unscrewed. OOPS!

Well I hope this was helpful/informative!
P.S. I guess: I already made a really cute hat using the smallest length cord and the size 8's. No snags, uniform stitches according to my tension"
"I purchased this set since I am new to knitting, and mathematically, it was a great deal compared to buying comparable needles. The kit hasn't gotten much use as of yet, but I anticipate that it will last me quite a while. The connectors are good as long as you follow instructions and tighten them as you are supposed to. I think that for some of my favorite sizes, I will eventually upgrade them, but for now, this does me just perfectly."
"I had a terrible time with these needles.  They are $40 for a reason.  The aluminum is very easily scratched, leading to my yarn to geting caught on the side of the needle.  However, the worst parts are the joins.  They are awful.  Not only do they unscrew every 2-3 rows, but they become burled and curved outwards because of the constant need to screw the cable back in.  Every single stitch will get caught at the joins.  Every one of them.  After a while, they become a nightmare to work with."
"Every size needle and length that could be desired. The carrying case is also very nice to keep it all organized. Gave it as a gift to my mom, a beginning knitter, and she loved it."
I ordered this for a friend and she likes it very much. There has been no problem with the cables coming apart and the joins are smooth.
I absolutely love my needle set  It was just what I was looking for.  The case is perfect also.  All arrived in good time.  It was a great price.  Thanks
"I like the feel of these needles, and they have gotten plenty of use over the years. The only downside is that they are flimsy at the base- I accidentally over-tightened one needle onto a cable, rendering it nearly impossible to use (as yarn is constantly catching on the bent metal ""lip"" that formed at its base)."
"I have the Needlemaster set, and also a Knitter's Pride set of wood interchangeable circular needles. While the Needlemaster cables no longer have the annoying bend at the join they are still too rigid to use easily for magic loop or traveling loop. (knitting something seamlessly on circular needles much bigger around than the item being knitted) this should not deter you from buying this set. There are fixes available. You can buy a set of Boye couplers and have a gunsmith make them into adapters so you can use the 3-56 thread Knitter's Pride cables with your 2-56 thread Needlemaster tips. You can make your own cables using weedwacker cable, nylon tubing, and 2-56 machine studs or screws. Or you can have a gunsmith alter the threading of your Needlemaster tips to directly fit the 3-56 Knitter's Pride cables - but the success rate on this is variable, and it can ruin a tip. Visit the Ravelry forum, or Fleegle's blog."
"However I am not into Knitting, I ordered this as a gift for someone else. I examined the contents and it seems very sturdy and all pieces were there. It Arrived a day before the arrival date and in time for Christmas. I would recommend this product."
"This kit is wonderful to get ya started. i personally need shorter cables and like more flexible cables. it is very stiff and it needs someway to lock the needles on the cable simply since it unscrews often. you need to check it frequently. otherwise great product. 3 stars since it is a bit of a pain to constantly check to make sure it is secure.
have a wonderful day:-)"
The NeedleMaster has everything I need for all my knitting patterns.  Using the gripper and key to lock the pieces in place and an occasional re-use to keep them secure is all I need to do to knit any pattern because I always have the size needles I need.  The system is less bulky than using two needles which tend to get in the way and stick out when sitting in a narrow space or close to someone else.  The flexible cables take up less room.  I recommend this set to knitters who have enough experience to need more than one set of needles.
"This was exactly what I was looking for, being new to knitting and looking to further my experience this is perfect for me because I can carry all the knitting needles around and start or work on a specific project. I wish it did come with more circular needles but those can always be purchased seperately.

I would recommend this to anyone wanting a knit set."
"This set is a good value. I see many of you are complaining about the cables and the puckering at the end of the needles but quite frankly you won't get anyhting better for the price. This is a good set. It has a great range of needle sizes that you won't find in other sets. The needles are also very good quality. Other sets cost upwards of $100 and aren't much better, and Interchangeable needles sometimes come loose. About the cables, they are stiff and not very good. But if you are a diyer like me ;)' there is a great tutorial on how to make your own....rheatheylia is her name...lokk it up. And with her method the metal parts of the needle cables are left out so they helps stop the puckering of the needle....try them. You won't find anything better for the price. It is a good set."
"Great quality, although the cables are a little stiff at first. I got this kit because I wanted to start knitting hats and this seemed the most economical way to get a variety of needle sizes. Unfortunately, even the smallest cable (12"") is still too long for hats. I can't find a smaller size ANYWHERE online, although replacement cables for the included sizes are prevalent. I might hang on to it because I like the colorful metal tips (easy to keep my sizes straight) and it is still a great range of sizes."
"good. Not try yet.... Will make something with it. Thanks. Like to recommend it to my friends. Why it needs to be 20 words to write the feedback review.  If its good, its' good."
This kit is proving to a true hit!  The only thing I have found lacking is that it did not include the shorter length cables.  It inspires creativity!
"this is a good product and as pictured and is as a everything was as good as expected, thank you"
"The needles come unscrewed SOMETIMES just make sure to use the tool to tighten it, the cord has a bump before the needleand yarn has to be pulled over it."
"I bought this with a large stamp, so had to dab the stamp with the inkpad, but the results were great.  The inkpad has a strong, reliable color that does not smudge easily, and the pad has not dried out.  Its a great size for small projects when you don't need or want to make a large investment."
"Whenever I teach someone to knit I recommend this kit because it's a great price and a good quality. Plus, the needles are all such fun colors!
Furthermore, in comparison to other kits, this one has a wider range of needle sizes, making it a much better buy.

The only downside of this kit  is that the needles sometimes start to come unscrewed, causing stitches to catch between the connector and the needle. However, this will happen with any screw-together kit, so the only way to get around it is to buy addi clicks which are almost 200$...

Anyways, I have owned this kit for close to 10 years; it hasn't broken and I haven't lost any of the pieces, so I'd buy it again in a heartbeat."
"I bought this when I first began knitting and it was good to begin with.  The connection area causes yarn to snag a lot and really slows me down.  They also tend to become unscrewed often unless I tighten them extremely tight. However, one time I was trying to tighten them and the end of the needle bent over the screw on the cord causing even more snag. So, overall these are decent for beginner knitters who won't be going fast or doing too challenging projects, but not good for advanced knitters."
Great buy. They were received quickly & in good condition. Certainly makes my knitting easier. I would recommend this set for all project sizes.
"I originally bought this set to ""test the waters"" with interchangeable needles without having to commit to a more expensive set.  Now, I've been using them for over a year and haven't felt the need to upgrade.  I've finished at least a dozen projects with this set, and I still love them.  Having the ability to quickly switch sizes when necessary (especially when swatching, in my experience) is great, and I love that the whole set is contained in a slim zipper pouch that fits in any one of my bags.

The cables are a little stiff, but certainly no worse than those on non-interchangeable circulars.  I haven't used more expensive sets, so I can't compare, but I don't find these so bad as to be prohibitive.  The needles have a slight tendency to start unscrewing, but usually only if I haven't tightened them properly to begin with.

Overall, a great introduction to this style of needle!"
"I have a lot of circular needles, various materials & cord lengths. I wanted a neat, zipper case with interchangeable needle tips for travel. I had a 50% coupon from a big chain store,and was very happy with the set.....until halfway through my first project the tip unscrewed from the cord and I had to pick up lost stitches.  I retightened the tip to the connector with the included tool, and used the rubber grip pad to secure it, only to have the tip loosen time and time again.
Then, I found that tightening the tip expands the bottom end of the aluminum tip and make a ridge that snags yarn. OK, I flattened the swedged end by rolling the base of the tip on a hard surface, snugged up the tip and continued my project.
But I'm really unhappy with the tip connecting system!!  I thought I was saving a lot of money by getting the Boye set ( and on sale, too!), but I have since taken the expensive plunge to an Addi Click system.  I knit for relaxation, not to fight my tools.
PROS; compact kit, neatly organized, nice sharp smooth tips, colorful, extra parts included.
CONS; the connecting joint is horribly designed and loosens no matter how carefully you follow the tightening directions.  I have no idea how some of the reviewers here can put up with this flaw--it's a deal breaker.
FYI; don't try using a temporary thread locking liquid like blue Locktite to keep the tip and cord screwed together. It works once, but is impossible to clean off the inner threads of the tip."
"The description of ""8 Sets of aluminum single-point knitting needles, with cable lengths 20-inch, 24-inch, 29-inch and 36-inch"" is not correct. This set contains 13 pairs of needles for size 2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10,10.5,11,13,15. The cable lengths are 12"", 14"", 16"", and 21"". One needle is 4"" long. So it can knit circularly of 20"", 22"", 24"",29"". You can use couplers(come with the package) to make longer circule. The screwers did get loose while knitting, I had to do the ""check and tie"" frequently. But this set only cost 20% of those high end price. I'll say it's a good buy and it is functional."
"The product was exactly as described and I received it in record time.  The price was fantastic well below the price one would pay at a craft store or even in a discount store (where the selection is so limited that one couldn't have bought the whole set anyway).  It was so fast too that there was very little difference between going out and buying the needles in the store (about 3 times the price, if I could have found a set like this at a specialty store in the first place) and waiting for them in the mail.  I did a lot of research to find the best value and this seller was the best in terms of value, and they also were super fast.  My experience says that they are dependable."
I  like  that  the  Boye  Needlemaster  has  needle  sizes  from  size  2  up  to  a  size  15  in  the  same  interchangeable knitting  set  .
"This set of knitting needles works very well for me.  There are rough spots at the place where the needle connects to the plastic cord which causes the yarn to catch, but since I am just learning to knit and am pretty slow, I can work around it without problems."
"I love this set! The needles seem quite true. If you knit without tightening the needles to the cable using the tools, it will come unscrewed. However, attach the needles to the cable with the wrench, and it's a great set with plenty of versatility!"
"I bought this item because they came with so many different sized needles. These came in a nice zippered pouch. Keeps them all in one place. I like the fact that the cables screw onto the needles. I have heard people complain about them coming undone, so far I have not had this problem. I also like the different cable sizes, that comes in handy with the different knitting patterns. I would have paid a lot more if I had to buy the sizes separately. Buying these saves money for anyone that loves to knit, and does not want to spend a lot of money on knitting needles."
"The Boye Needlemaster circular needle set was the ideal purchase for me.  It is neat and compact, each size has its' own marked slot to slide into, and the zippered case makes for less stress when storing.  It'd be great as a gift (even if it is for yourself ;-) )"
"I hate these things... same complaints as others.  If you use the key and gripper to tighten well, they warp at the ends and snag the yarn.  If you don't use the key, they come unscrewed and snag the yarn.  I even tried to file the bowed out edges off of some of them, which helps a little, but on top of that, they are way too long with too stiff cords, so that they are very awkward to use, especially with the short cable.  I also wish you could make a shorter than 20"" needle, although it wouldn't even work with these anyway.  Spend the extra money to avoid the headache!"
My knitting ability will always be pitiful so this set is ok but the cables are extremely stiff which makes them harder to work with.  1 cable is already coming lose from the coupler.  You really do get what you pay for.
"This is unforgiveable! Wickedly disappointed in Boye kit. Two years ago, my right hand was crippled in an accident and my finances hurt. I managed to buy, through e-bay, an OLLLD (close to 50 years)circular knitting kit from Sears, so as  to expand my knitting as part of my therapy. But it drove me nuts 'cause the needles were always unscrewing from the wires.

Finally managed to get my finances back to a higher plane and went after a new kit. Boye came highly recommended and I found a great bargain here on Amazon.

Well, not only did the needles keep unscrewing just like my old one...now it's broken! Last night everything was fine. Today I start...and one of the needles breaks off with the screw piece inside.

This is NOT what I expect from a quality mfr OR from Amazon. You're telling me I can't return the kit, so What do you intend to do? It's a number 8 needle and the large circular wire.<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Needlemaster-40-Piece-Interchangeable-Aluminum-Knitting-Set/dp/B000WURGNC/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Needlemaster 40-Piece Interchangeable Aluminum Knitting Set</a>"
"I had seen interchangeable circular needles on various sites but drew a blank here in South Africa. I managed to find this set on Take A Lot (US Imports). Having to rely on a photo and reviews I decided it was worth the risk and ordered them. I am very pleased with everything supplied! The colourful needles are lovely to look at, the interchange-ability from lengths to circular to straight to stitch holders makes this perfect for me. I anticipated getting it in a tacky, if useful, holder. A very pleasant surprise, the zipped holder is understated and nice enough to leave lying around! All in all I am glad I treated myself to them and recommend them to anyone fed-up of tangled independent circular needles!"
"Needlemaster 40-Piece Interchangeable Aluminum Knitting Set, ]beautiful, sturdy knitting needles . . I am a happy camper.  I am happy to have this fully interchangeable set to make carve or even smapp things. . . needles are sturdy and nifty!  I love iem!"
i like the needlemaster interchangeable aluminum knitting set as long as you read the instrustions on switching out needles you will have not problems
"I was so excited when I found this set! I am the worst at buying a new pair of needles and loosing them before my next project. I thought this would be a great a one time investment and I wouldn't have to run to the craft store anymore. In theory this is wonderful but in reality I'm still running to the craft stores.

I received it a few nights ago and was going to try to use the 10.5 needles. I used the key like the instructions said but apparently it was overkill for the cheap aluminum. The end of one of them bowed out so now it catches & snags on the yarn and I am afraid will cut it. I've tried getting it back into place but all that did was distort the end more so now it not only catches but it also comes loose. The other needle is fine (I didn't use the key). I am learning it is nearly impossible to replace the needles from this kit in store and online!

As long as you don't overtighten I think this set would be ok - to me they aren't as comfortable as the regular Boye circulars. I'm thinking about giving them to my niece who wants to learn but it is a shame I paid $70+ for this and it broke before I got my first stitch on!"
"I am giving this set two stars because it's at least somewhat usable.  But every single time I complete a round/row I end up re-tightening the cable.  There is no way to tighten the ends so they stay.  I have forgotten to tighten and had my cable come undone several times, which is very frustrating.  Plus, the cables themselves are not very flexible and twist all over the place.  The set really should come with 16"" cables since they are used for hats.  I had to order this size separately.  I thought this would be a good entry level set because I'd have all the sizes, but I soon learned that it's not worth messing with.  Don't waste your money.  Invest in a better set or buy your needles as you need them."
The Interchageable Needle set is the best purchase I've done for knitting.  I have all my needles in one place and can change easily from one size to another with no fuzz.  I love them.
"I started a hat using in super bulky yarn and the size 13 needles.  I did my cast on of 78 stitches and worked 8 rows of k2p2 ribbing when the cable broke off of the connector.  At first, I thought that I hadn't screwed the pieces together tight enough.  However, I discovered that the plastic cable had actually broken and there was no way to work with it.

My stitches fell off the needles and I had to restart the project on straight needles and seam the hat.  This was a waste of money and time.  I returned them and ordered a different brand of needles from another manufacturer."
"I have been looking for interchangeable needles for a while. This was the best deal I found and couldn't pass it up.  I have only used them a few times now, but they work great!! I love that there is a ""key"" to lock the needles in and haven't has any problems.  The case is great too. Keeps everything neat and organized."
"I got this set through a magazine, figuring that it would save money in the long run. O, was I wrong!

Good Aspects:
-colourful
-case has numbered slots
-comes with a grippy pad
-several cables can be attached to make extra-long cables

Bad Aspects:
-fragile zipper pull (mine broke off with only gentle use)
-metal used to make needles is very soft (I warped the ends of several needles while screwing them onto the cords)
-fragile cords (the threaded portion of one my cables broke off in the needle while I was screwing them together)
-needle tips have a nasty, sticky feel to them
-the shortest cable makes the needles too long to comfortably knit a hat (possible to fix this with Magic Loop, but I don't like it)
-cables are very stiff
-needle tips come unscrewed

This set broke or warped very easily, and I didn't even use the grippy pad to screw the pieces together! I'd suggest spending a little more on a quality set, rather than this cheap pile of trash."
Need to make sure to tighten together with the rubber tip or the needle could come off the cable. Love it though. So compact and so much easier than having individual needles to store.
"I ordered the&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Boye-NeedleMaster-200-Interchangeable-Needle-Set/dp/B000WURGNC/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Boye NeedleMaster 200 Interchangeable Needle Set</a>, and was not sure what I was going to think of it.  I reada all of the bad reviews and was worried about the needles coming apart.  I have used the needles now for a large project and did not have any trouble.  The needles came a little loose when I was picking up stitches along the collar of my shirt because I had to twist to pick up along a tight edge, but normal knitting did not cause any issues.  I would also note that the threads on the needles are quite long, so if they do start to come loose you should notice before they come completely off.
The only down side I found with the needles is that the set comes with different sizes of cords to make circular/flexible needles.  If a person truly only wanted flexible needles they would have to order another set of cords or have two needles of different lengths.  I don't personally find this an issue because I plan on always using circular, but I felt it was worth mentioning."
love these needles i've used them for years.  the price was great and fast shipping i'd buy them again for a gift
"I received these needles as a Christmas present which I specifically asked for. How great to have every possible size circular needle I could ever want all in one place! I was extremely excited to try them. My hopes were soon dashed when I pulled the needles/cables out of the package.

The needles themselves are of great quality and pretty colors as others have noted. However, the cables are so incredibly STIFF it is nearly impossible to knit anything small on the smallest size. Also, the bend at the join is so terribly rigid it extends the ""needle"" making it very hard to knit anything small. I also had to keep re-screwing the needles to the cable which I found extremely frustrating. I am hoping they will possibly work better on larger scale products as they are unable to be returned to the store where they were purchased since it is now an open item. I say save your money and just buy the needles singly as you need them as this is NOT worth the hassle.

One other note for anyone else who is experiencing these issues: I did find this link which seems to provide a nice tutorial on how to make your own cables for this particular set. You can find it here: [...]"
I went to several knit shops and found this same thing for a minimum of twice the price! It makes traveling with a project so much easier.
"I have been knitting for more than 60 years. I really like the aluminum needles as they slide better, I am a fast knitter and need that slide.
I do not care for these needles.  They are not comfortable to hold.  The screw on tips do not stay on. They become unscrewed and you find all your stitches are now ""dropped""."
"then I would tentatively suggest this. This was my first set of interchangeables that I ever got and I didn't care for it. I was just tired of buying a bunch of circular needles. The cords were stiff, the length of the cords was bothersome as well, the needles came loose often, and the join was terrible when using the smaller sizes. When I tightened the smaller needles to the cord, the metal piece would flare out slightly and over time, this is a big issue. Customer service isn't great. However, there good things about it. First of all the set is available at most craft stores and Walmarts. In fact, if you have a coupon, it makes this set reasonable priced for the amount of needles it has The holes used to tighten the needles could be used as lifelines and there is a large array of needle sizes."
"Three years ago when I started to knit I purchased the Denise interchangeable needle knit, and so far these needles are quickly becoming my preferred set. The metal needles are so much faster to use than the plastic ones I have been using exclusively for the past three years- I have finished one hat already, and I only received these needles two days ago. The needles themselves have many more sizes than my old set- There are now a lot of projects which I can now do which were once completely out of my reach. And one of the nicest features for me personally is the compact size of this kit. The kit I used before stored in a large plastic case resembling a book. It was extremely lovely, but it also made it completely impossible to travel with.

However, this is not to say that the kit is not without flaws. The two main problems I have with this kit are both related to the connector joints for the cables. My first problem comes from the fact that the connector joint itself is excessively long. I see no reason for the joints to be two inches long. This makes for somewhat strained knitting on the shortest cable included. Which is problematic for me personally because I adore knitting hats, which is far more difficult with the ridged ends. Also, I would like to see a smaller cable size for knitting small circular items. The cable size I tend to use the most often is the 17 inch long variety, but I am not sure how well that would work with the aforementioned long connector joints. However, the feel of this kit overall is much more professional compared to the Denise Kit. The joints for the Denise kit are a simple peg system- that gets undone quite easily- which resulted in many a doped stitch.

So in short-
Pros: Metallic needles by virtue of being metal are far faster to work with, the needle size goes down to size 2's- which opens a lot of doors option wise for knitting, and the kit is small and portable.
Cons: The connector joint is very long, making for an awkward knitting experience at first. Also, the cable lengths themselves are more suited to larger projects, such as sweaters, rather than smaller objects, such as hats for children. (well without using the two circular needle method)"
"I got a Boye for Christmas in 1984, and I still use it and love it.

I've never had any problems with the needles coming loose, unless I forget to use the tool and the rubber gripper to tighten them first.

It's nice to know that I have most of the sizes I'll ever need when I see a knitting project."
"This is good for getting a set of most of the needles you will need (from 2 to 15). I am not fond of the metal needles but not a big deal. My biggest issue is that the needles unscrew themselves as you are working. This gets annoying. I like this set because it is compact and travels really well. Even though I like the feel of straight needles the circular needles allow for a diversity of projects. This set comes with three lengths (S, M, L)of wire which allows you to work just about any project because you can connect the wires to each other as well as use them alone. The set comes with ends to make two separate needles but I find this useless. I use them as stoppers when I put a project down to keep it from sliding off. Overall I like this set; It is great for traveling and useful at home but I will not get rid of my other needles just yet."
"I am a long time knitter.  I have had this set for many years and it is great set to have on hand.  I prefer knitting with vintage nylon circulars that are not made anymore, but I still use my Boye set from time to time.  This set is a bargain too.  Just be sure to really tighten the needle on to the cable. In addition, I have learned how to  make my own cables for this set using weed eater line, screws that fit into the needles, nylon tubing, and glue.

Once you get the inexpensive supplies, it is quite easy to make any length cable you want and the weed eater cable is much thinner and flexible than the Boye cables.

Just do a google search with--make your own boye needle interchangeable cable--and the link to the instructions will come up.

Happy knitting!"
"Package was delivered in two day. Casing and needles colors are beautiful, love that about this set.
Neddles aren't the best, but they do the job,and have no problem with them.
However the cables are way to stiff, they are kind of unconforble to work with and you feel like it's pulling/making unnecessary preasure. Notice sometime the cables and needles come loose and have to screw them back again. That makes me a little nervous everytime I use them.

For the price is not bad, but for the description of the vendor I was exopecting more.

;-(

Are there any cables that will screw to these needles that aren't too stiff? help anyone?"
"Every thing (and more) all in one little case. The needles are easy to attach, the cables are plentiful. Great purchase or gift for any kntter."
"I purchased this set in spite of it's reviews because I needed a cheap set to work with. It has been mentioned that the needles come unscrewed as you knit, they do, enough to be annoying. But if you can put up with a new routine of knit, knit, twist then you won't have a problem with these. It seems the bigger needles need less adjustment during knitting than the smaller needles do. I enjoy the bright colors and interchangeability but if you are into magic loop then these aren't for you they don't have a long enough cable. Ordering replacement parts, should you lose/break some, seems also to be a challenge. Overall I give it a b+"
"Ok, so why would you want this set?
Metal needles have more slide.  I haven't been able to knit for three days due to the strain of pushing an acrylic yarn across a plastic needle to finish a gift on time.  I know, I know.  What kind of person gives away projects made of acrylic yarn?  The kind that gives the needle away too.
You won't have to sell a body part on the black market to pay for the set.

Why would you not want this set?  Metal needles have more slide.  You may turn your needles as you knit.  You may be a plastic needle loving masochist.

There are 4 size cables and 8 size needles.  (read with obnoxious tv voice) But wait there's more!  Put one size smaller on the left end of the cable and knitting is MUCH faster.  So how many combinations is that?  Over 60!  Now multiply that by the cost of one set of circulars.  Where's the better deal?  Also, I won't sign this part in blood, but I believe shorter cables are available on the manufacturer's site for about $2 each.  But they also have metal dp sets.

(read with a disgruntled tone)But the stupid tips keep twisting off!  -  Maybe it's just you.  If you still own the  %$^#&@! plastic needle, make a small mark with a permanent marker on the right needle.  Put the mark near the tip, so you can see it, and start knitting.  Does the needle turn as you knit?  If it does, you will likely have problems with this set.  If not, throw out that *&%$ plastic needle and buy a set!

The cables are a little stiff, but they aren't like knitting on a cold garden hose. I haven't noticed any stiffness related knitting problems.

Oh yeah, there are some really big metal circulars available (but not in this set).  Wish I'd known that sooner."
"If there was a rating lower than one star I would give it to this set of knitting needles.  They come loose no matter  how you tighten them.  Don't use the key to tighten these needles because it causes the attached end to bow out and that ruins the needle.  The yarn catches on the needles where they attach.  They have come unattached while knitting and that is very irritating.  The needles smaller than #10 aren't as bad, but I bought these so I would have all the sizes and now I'm back to a few because of the bowing of the larger needles.  There has got to be a better system."
"The joins between the cables and the needles are rough. They pull some yarn away every time around. The needles and cables constantly come unscrewed. I tightened them with the tightening tool, which helps. Now they come unscrewed every 50 or so stitches instead of every ten. The join between the cables came completely unscrewed in the middle of a project and about 75 stitches came off the needles. It was difficult to twist the cables back together because the cables had stitches on them. The color coding of the needles is really handy. All the needles of a given size including double points and shorter cables are the same color. It makes it really easy to locate all needles of the same size."
"I recently started knitting and got tired of chasing down new needles every time I wanted to try a new size.  This set totally solved that problem--it was perfect for that!

I mainly wanted to talk about the cables they include, because all of them but the longest one are too short!  Yes... if you use the shorter ones, the needles will unscrew.  Their clever key and rubber pad technique just doesn't work with short, stiff cords.

They should ship these with longer cords and instructions for using the magic circle technique.

However, this won't help if you make socks or other really small diameter items.  For that, I would not recommend these needles."
"I prefer aluminum, and I really like these needles but the cables are terrible. They're just way too stiff and besides, I use magic loop and needed at least 40"". Once I made my own cables (Using #2-56 screws with the head cut off, the ink tube from a pall point pen, weed eater line and super glue) I was in heaven. I made myself 4 different magic loop cables ranging 40"" to 60"" and couldn't ask for more from a set for the price."
"This is a good-quality needle set that won't bust your wallet. They come in a nice little case that I also use to hold a tape measure, stitch markers, 4"" scissors, and other tools.

No interchangeable knitting needle set is perfect, and this set is guilty of the same shortcomings as other sets, namely that the needles tend to unscrew. This usually only happens to me if I'm using particularly sticky yarn or if I'm knitting very tightly, and I now unconsciously screw it back in as I'm knitting; so I don't really see it as a problem. If you screw it in tighter, it won't unscrew as easily, but beware that the aluminum can bend at the end of the needle where it screws onto the cable.

My other complaint is that the cables aren't longer. I know that most people like shorter cables, but I tend to figure eight with circular needles, which is much easier to do with longer needles, and I also like when big projects like sweaters can spread out on the cable a little bit more. I don't like connecting the cables in this set since they connect at wonky angles and tend to unscrew.

One thing I love about this set is that it goes down to size 2, which is smaller than a lot of other sets I've seen. It's perfect for knitting my husbands' wool socks.

Bottom line: I recommend this set to knitters who like knitting on the go and on a budget."
"In response to some of the other reviews here, I'd like to add my own experiences with the Boye Needlemaster.

  Having crocheted since I was a child, I took up knitting when I retired. It's been an adventure trying out all the new techniques in knitting.  I can't get over how much less yarn I need to complete a knitted project, then crocheted.
  Two winters ago I discovered that the 16"" circular is what I needed for hats, and I started a collection 16'' circulars, and found that the Boye circular needles were my favorite, for their smoothness, long points and sturdiness.  Some of the other needles (bamboo, plastic, etc.) actually came loose from the cords and were not repairable.  Or the yarn would stick at the connection, or it was too awkward to join the circle, because the needles were so straight.
  Last fall I started making scarves lenghtwise and triangular shawls,  and found that I could get well over 72"" of knitting on the 29"""" circular. I couldn't spread it out and see how it looked, but I could work on it quite easily, I just needed point protectors when I put it down.
  This fall I started a new triangular shawl, where the 2 short sides of the triangle are on the needles. I was working it without any problems, but I couldn't tell how big it was getting or how I looked.
  Then I saw this set on E-bay at a very low price with no bids on it. I came over here to Amazon to check out the reviews of the set, which really is expensive, even in the craftstore with the coupon.  I couldn't understand why no one was bidding on it. Boye has always been my favorite in crochet hooks and single points, so I went ahead and bid it up. I guess it was my lucky day because I won a brand new set of the Boye needlemaster for a song!
  When it came in the the mail, a few days later, I took the 2 longest cables and joined them up with the needle size I was using and I knit my shawl from my 29"" needles to this set and I was able to spread it out and try it on. Now I could see that it was coming out beautifully and that it was almost done!  As I worked my second row with the Needlemaster, halfway across I found that because the cable was so long, it was curling up and making it difficult for the stitches to move along.  I was glad to come to end of the row and shorten the cable.
  A 29"" circular is sufficient for most projects, except that you can't see how it's progressing.  With this set, however I can switch over to a longer cable and back again. Because I find it so much easier to work with the shorter cord.  Try it!

To sum up:
  It's very handy having all the sizes and all the cord lengths in one little package, because I'm always switching needles and lengths around to find the just the right size.
  The connections won't come apart easily, they screw on with quite a few turns - they can't slip off.
  If you need a longer or shorter cable as you go, you can just change over.
  The connections are very smooth, even smoother than than some of the joined circulars out there.
  The connecting ends of the needles are tapered to a smooth point and could probably be used as double points in a pinch, like to finish off a hat.
  I think that some of the bad reviews were from people who are not very expeienced with other types of knitting needles. You can get along with this one set just fine. I couldn't ask for a better set of knitting needles.  I am just as pleased with this set of Boye interchangeable needles as I have been with other Boye products."
I bought these needles when I first started knitting. They connectors come unscrewed & drop stitches row after row. It doesnt matter how hard you tighten them either. A few of the needles from being screwed on flowered out at the bottom where they connect & now they snag my yarn. This is the most frustrating part of all. Luckily I got them at Michaels with a 50% coupon. I guess I got my $25.00 worth. They sounded like the perfect idea but they are so crappy I'm embarrassed to take them to my knitting class in fear someone will see me using them. Please take my word for it don't waste your money.
Love this item! I usually have multiple projects going and never enough needles. This makes it so much easier to always have the right size. And love that I can make longer circular needles. Great product and would recommend it to anyone that likes to knit.
"Horrible needle set. interchangeable needles are useless because it dislodges frequently causing the yarn to unravel! save your money and instead buy ""ADDI TURBO"" needles which make knitting much faster and does not dislodge!!!!"
"I bought this using a 40% off coupon at my local craft store when i learned how to knit 5 years ago.  For a beginner, this set will work--a decent price to have all the different size needle tips and cables all at once.

I have since switched to a combination of addi turbos and knitpicks options--and what a world of difference!  The cables on the Boye are very stiff--I didn't really knit with ease on the Boye sets.  Changing out the needles was no problem, but despite using the key and grip to 'lock' the needle onto the cable, I found that the needle would still unscrew and become loose as I knit.  This didn't happen with the knitpicks sets (although I will say with the knitpicks needles, the cable did break off while I was almost finished knitting a sweater for my husband--it just couldn't handle the weight of a long sleeve 40"" chest size sweater!).

I would recommend this for beginners, but once you get past the novice stage, I would upgrade.  The better sets are well worth the extra money."
"Love this item!! Quick shipping... The item arrived just as stated. I was waiting for this so I could start a project I had that needed size 6 needles with a 16"" cord but I could not find the rounds that I wanted and when I saw this on line I jumped at it as this is pretty expensive in the stores but It was a great price here!! Thank you again!!!!!!!"
"I started a project with this kit a few weeks ago, and wanted to give it some time before making any claims.  My project needed size 2 and 3 36inch circular needles, neither of which I had, so I thought this kit would be useful.  Unfortunately, I had to use a connector to combine two of the flexible needle sections in order to get a 36"" length (which it was supposed to come with).  It came with 4 lengths, but the longest seems to be about 21"" which yields 29"" when combined with the needles.  Also, during the work with the size 3 needles I had difficulty moving stitches onto the needles, as the connectors change diameter abruptly rather than smoothly.  Also, although the extension connectors appear to be smooth, I also had to stop frequently to push stitches across the connectors as they appeared to catch on the grooves.  I just changed to the size 2 needles and this problem has become even worse.  I don't think I'll be able to continue with this kit on the size 2.  I have had no trouble with connections becoming unscrewed.  I would caution anyone who overtightens screws in an effort to make them stay, as this can cause the screws damage and they will be less effective.

Cons: size 2,3 needles same as connectors, making it difficult to slide stitches along
Lengths of needles do not correspond to original listing, requiring an extension to reach 36""

Pros: it's a good price, I think for projects with the larger needles (though I haven't tried) this kit will probably save me some money."
"After many years, I started needle knitting again and tried bamboo needles which I immediately loved.  A friend loaned me her Boye Needlemaster set when I tried circular knitting.  I've decided I don't like the Boye set for 3 reasons: 1) No matter how securely I think I have the needles secured to the cords, they can come unscrewed mid-knitting; 2) the shortest cord is 20"" which is too long for childrens hats; 3) my personal preference is bamboo needles, both for weight and feel.  I ordered the Blue Denise set, which is bamboo.  Some reviews for it claim the needles stay screwed together.  It also has much shorter cords."
"I've been using these (same original set) for years and really like them. I will say, they were the first ""set"" that I purchased after purchasing various sized straight and circular needles both wooden and aluminum.  I had tried the Denise set, but they weren't to my liking. I tend to knit ""tight"" so I prefer the aluminum as the yarn slides easily for me. These have been perfect for both straight and circular knitting. I suppose I've gotten used to any little idiosyncracies...yes...you do have to check to make sure they are screwed in all the way and tight.  If you start with them screwed tight (I belive that's what the little hole in the side and the white rubber pad are for..) you shouldn't have a problem. I find that my yarn get's caught up a little, so it's my warning to check the connections.  I've never had a needle fall off or lost a stitch due to it loosening. Yes the case is not the most attractive...but who cares? It's about the needles, not the case. Bottom line...to each his own...I think each knitter has a preference based on the way they like to knit...if you like aluminum...you'll probably love these. I wouldn't hesitate to purchase again."
"I'm a new knitter, so maybe I have developed an elitist needle attitude yet. However, being new to knitting, I didn't want to spend a fortune on needles. This handy little set allows me to knit to my heart's content without picking up a new set of needles every time I try a new pattern. I'm sure these aren't the best...I did have to make sure they didn't come unscrewed occasionally (I'm telling you if they just had the threads reversed it wouldn't be an issue..grr!). I'm pretty partial to aluminum needles as well, so that works out. Overall, I wouldn't pay the $70ish for them at Hobby Lobby, but when they're discounted like this, it would be a waste of money not to buy them."
"I bought the Boye NeedleMaster for my wife (and to a certain extent for myself) with a certain amount of trepidation because of the reviewers who complained of loosening needles.  It hasn't been a problem for us, nor was it with a friend whose needles we tried out before purchasing.  I wasn't hassled on international flights.  The case is indeed kind of chintzy, but for what we paid I can't complain.  It does what it's supposed to do and we are pleased.  In the end that's what counts."
"I received this as a gift for Christmas when I was just learning to cast on and knit and purl. It was great for a beginner, but might not be so great for a more experienced knitter.

Pros
- Fills out your collection of needle sizes quickly. This is very important for a new knitter who undoubtedly has gaps in his or her needle collection.
- Nice metal needles in fun colors. It's better to go cheap with metal than to go cheap with wood, in my opinion; wood can chip, but metal is hardy.
- Portable! When I need to just stuff a new project in the bag and go, I can just reach for my handy needle set and know that I'll have the right needle size, even if my gauge requires a different needle size than the pattern specifies.
- Readily available in stores. No peering at jpegs on a computer screen when trying to decide if it's right for you.
- The four cables are convenient sizes.

Cons
- The cables are a bit stiff. You can hook them up together to make a super-long cable, but it won't be flexible enough to do a magic loop because of the joint. If you want to do magic loop, you're going to have to fill up your collection with separately-bought 40-inchers.
- Ahh yes, the joints. Yes, they start unscrewing themselves. Because I essentially learned to knit with this set, I got used to checking them. Unfortunately, now even when I'm using regular non-interchangeable circulars, I periodically check the joint to make sure it's not coming unscrewed. I will say that I've never had a project ruined, although on a few occasions I've let out a few expletives as I threaded stitches back onto an unscrewed cable.
- The smallest circular you can make is 20 inches. If you're a hat person, especially a hat person with a small head, this might not work for you. I have successfully made hats with it, though, and my head is not particularly large.

All in all, it has its shortcomings, but it's a great tool for a new knitter, especially one who wants to fill out their collection of needles without spending too much time and money."
"I do like this set very much. So much that I purchased a second set to work on multiple projects. It's always fun to start another project! On occasion the cable has loosened and now I keep an eye on connection as I work. The points are just right, the metal is smooth, the tip size assortment is great for a wide variety of projects.
Happy knitting to anyone using this set."
"Fine for small projects, but needles kept falling off and ruining a project.  I would never buy these again-----a circular needle that is all one piece way more worth the price."
"This was the first circular needle set that I purchase when I had been knitting for about a year.  It's okay to start out with, but over time I have found it to be a less than desirable product.  Several of the reviewers have mentioned some of the reason as to why I don't care for this product, but I will repeat them as reiteration that the problems are not unique to a single user.

The Good:
-The only positive thing about the kit is that it includes smaller sizes (2, 3) that are not often found in other kits.

The Bad:
-The cables are stiff and when you turn project.
-The cables ends are not straight, there is a 10-15 degree bend. This results in a circular needle that is not straight when laid out.  It looks somewhat like \________/. This can be awkward to work with, especially when sliding the stitches towards the needle tip whilst knitting.
-Yarn has a tendency to catch at the connection between the needle tip and the connector.

The Ugly:
-Although I am diligent about tightening the needles when I start a project and periodically tighten them during a project, on several occasions the needles have come completed unscrewed resulting in the loss of many stitches. This was also true for one project in which I used a connector between two cables to make one long cable.

Solution:
I have recently purchased and began using the Options Nickel Plated set from Knit Picks.  So far, I have found that I like this product better. The price of the Knit Picks Options set is comparable to the Boye set, however, the size range is sizes 4-11.  At some point in the future, I will purchase a second Options circular needle set from Knit Picks but with Harmony Wood tips for use when I travel."
"I am getting back into knitting after learning how to do a basic knit and pearl when I was under 10 years old.  I'm now almost 40!  I want to REALLY learn how to knit actual stuff now - and not make just shapeless squares ... lol.  So I'm getting serious with the knitting hobby now and will be off to my first ""open knit"" group next week!

I have no knitting supplies whatsoever, but I do know after buying a few knitting books within the past month that a variety of needles is a must.  I am an avid researchers and researched needle kits.  I was up in the air between Needlemaster and the Denise kit.  Obviously one can save a lot of money by buying a kit and not buying circular needles individually.  I learned from my grandmother in her aluminum needles many years ago - and so that is what I feel most comfortable with.  To me, it would seem strange to work with plastic or wood needles and I know aluminum will last for years.

I decided on the Needlemaster despite a few people having problems with the needles coming ""undone"" at the screws.  I just received my Needlemaster and followed the directions to ""lock"" the needles into the cable with the key.  I have knitted an entire scarf so far and the needles never came apart or even came loose!

I did notice in my research that the Needlemaster kit has been around for decades.  I doubt it would have been around for decades if it was crappy!  So make sure you follow the instructions on how to tighten the lock with the key in order to prevent slippage.  To be on the safe side, I will probably tighten the ""lock"" every few hours on a project  - which literally would take under 30 seconds to do.

My yarn has not been snagged on any place on these needles or the cable.

I LOVE this kit and am very thankful that it has allowed me to get back into knitting without spending a fortune!

Buy it and you won't be sorry :)"
I had no experience with stamping and embossing when I bought these online and I guess it's my own fault for not measuring it but these are tiny! I don't know what you would even use them for.
"This product is a great solution to an annoying and expensive problem. I started knitting 9 months ago and I prefer using circular for everything because why but straight needles you can only use for half your projects? Circulars work for scarves and sweaters and hats.  The only problem with Circulars is that I've ended up spending something like $80 on needles! And then I found this product, which have every needle size I could want -one set of each, which is alright unless I'm doing multiple projects, which I do- and lengths of plastic in the traditional varying lengths. Now that I've done two projects with this set I've got a few compliments and one HUGE complaint.
Pros:
* The metal needles make the stitches move very smoothly along
* The points are the right pointiness to make picking the stitches up very easy
* the kit comes with a replacement form so if I wanted I can buy more needles and wires to make multiple projects easier.
* If you have to change needle sizes for say, a sweater or boarder, you just smooth all the stitches down, unscrew the needles and put the new size on! Very efficient and convenient.

Con:
* I have yet to figure out how to get the needle points and the wire to not come unscrewed while I'm working! This is by far the most annoying, evil thing that has ever happened to me while knitting! I've had to consistently stop knitting to retighten every round or so and I've actually dropped stitches before."
"This is a great set. the only problem I've had is that it is pretty impractical to use them as straight needles, Its much easier to just attach them together as circulars. If tightened properly I've not had any problems with them coming unscrewed. The main reason I gave this a 4 instead of a 5 is because the case it all comes in is so ugly! its an ugly brown leather case, and looks very manly. But I would still recommend it!"
"I bought this kit about a year or two back because a lot of patterns tell you to change needle sizes in the middle of a project. It is a very good kit for the casual knitter, but more trouble than it is worth if you are literally ""addicted"" to knitting.  It is a very bad kit if you use only one length of cord a lot.

The kit comes with a complete set is needles (sizes 2-15) and four different lengths of connector cables.  The kit allows you to connect two or more cables together to knit on very long circulars.

The incentive to buy this kit is that you don't have to spend a lot of money to get all the needles sizes and lengths of circulars.

The drawbacks of this kit are that the needles sometimes slowly unscrew from the cord.  I had to buy a second kit from a brick/mortar store because a cord broke on me and left me without a way to finish what I was currently knitting. It is a major hassle to order replacement parts.  To order replacement parts you have to print out a order form and send the form with a check and wait 4-6 weeks. The customer service hours end rather early unless you live in the Central time zone (I live on the west coast).

I would have given this product 4 stars if they had a easier way to obtain replacement parts."
"I'm a new knitter and I saw this as a great way to get a range of needle sizes for all the different projects I wanted to complete, which worked.  While I now have various sizes of needles, I find them a bit strange to work with (again, I'm a newbie).  The cables seem really stiff- once, I was working with the size 15 needles and the longest cable, one of the needles slipped from my hand and because of the way I was turning my work and the stiffness, the needle smacked me in the face.  Nothing tragic, but the cables have a bit of a snap to them.  No problems with keeping the cables screwed into the needle like others have mentioned- just use the tools provided and they will stay put.  The case... well don't expect anything pretty.  It holds everything snugly- so you won't open it up and have needles spill out all over the place."
"Despus de haber ledo todos los comentarios estaba indecisa en comprar pero realmente estoy muy contenta de haberlo hecho.
Me encantan mis ajugas sus colores son muy lindos. Para que no haya problemas y se suelten o desenronsquen hay que apretar bien con la llave que trae.
Otra cosa el grosor del cable para mi no es problema por el contrario me gusta mas asi que los tan finitos que se enrollan mucho.
Recomiendo a las principiantes y a las mas avanzadas este kit porque ya no habr necesidad de comprar mas ajugas quizs ms cables de otros tamaos y poder tener varios proyectos.
Estoy muy satisfecha y voy a comprar otro kit para mi hermana en su cumpleaos ya que las vi y qued enamorada de ellas."
"They are a good investment. To insure the needles won't come undone, use the wire ""key"" to tighten your connections. If your hands get tired easy or get tendonitis, use bamboo. The hardness of metal needles aggravate tendonitis.
I do not recommend these needles for delicate lace knitting as it could possibly snag and the slipperiness of the needles could make your progress frustrating.

I use these needles frequently when I'm knitting scarves or hats using wool or acrylic yarn."
"I was very excited to get this set because I am always looking for different length circulars, the set I have you can make 12, 16 inch circulars as well as the larger sizes. I have to say I hate this set. The cables are so unflexible they are impossible to work with. I even tried letting them soak in hot water multiple times to loosen them up, with no success. If anyone is wanting to try magic loop knitting, this set is NOT the one. It will not work well because the cords are so stiff.  Also, the needles come loose when knitting, and the way the cable attachs to the needle makes the yarn catch. Another minus is that the needles have no marks on them that tell what size they are, so if you put them up in the wrong order, you have to figure out the size."
These needles are great for those who want to practice knitting with circular needles. Please do not use these needles to tighten up your knitted work. I accidently pulled on them so hard that the plastic tube broke off inside one of the needle tips.
"I was very exited to get this product. First of I got it for $33 and it came within 3 days! I love them! The case of course is cheap and I wonder how long the pockets will hold but the needles, so far are great! Again, I just started using them and there is no problem with the connection of the cables. The only little detail that is a little annoying is the fact that the cables are not as flexible, they are like a very thick fishing line, so they don't just hang freely. I hope, with time they will get softer.
Over all, great, great, great. I love the fact that you can make them into a flex needles, double the cable length and have every size needle possible, all in one set.
I think if you are a good knitter you can need with your fingers too, so be happy you have these great options out there and this particular product is great."
"This product is wonderful in that by buying one product, you get virtually every size circular knitting needle that you could ever want. HOWEVER, the length of the cord on the circular needles tend to all be pretty short though that's not really a big deal.

The biggest and main problem that I have had with this item is that while knitting, the needles will become unscrewed and either stitches will be dropped when the needle comes off completely,

OR

when the needles become only partially unscrewed, the yarn will get caught in the space between the need and the cord, and can get pulled or even get stuck.

These two things can become a major frustration when you're working on a rather time consuming project.

OVERALL, a great concept but it needs troubleshooting"
I had been considering this purchase for a long time.  I found the set here on sale and was most pleased upon receipt.  The texture of the needles is perfect. The kit is easy to use even for folks with wrist issues.  the points work wonderfully with lace knitting and fine yarns.  I am considering buying a second set since I keep multiple projects on needles.  I would recommend buying additional cables.
"I love the Needle Master, The knitting possibilities are endless with it.  There were no missing parts and everything was neat and organized. It has 4 different length cords, then 2 links so that you can connect cords together for an even longer cord. I've looked at other sets since and not all brands carry the connectors. I love how all the needles are are a different color so that its easier to know at a glance which 2 needles go together. Again this is not always true of other brands. The case is also very compact and stores flat so it's easy to slip into any bag to bring with you."
"I've used these needles for quite a few projects already and find them to be excellent.  After reading many reviews I ordered them and I carefully follow the directions for attaching the needles to the cable  and have had NO problems with them unscrewing from the cables or 'mushrooming' at the connection point.  At the suggestion of a more experienced knitter in my group, I put a one size smaller needle on the left side and the appropriate needle on the right when working in the round.  This makes it much easier to slide the work from the cable onto the left needle.  That is a cool trick that can't be done with a regular circular needle!  Also, the convenience of having so many needle choices in such a compact case can't be beat!"
"I bought this set after someone at work showed me hers. As an amateur knitter, I think this set is wonderful. Because I do all of my knitting (even straight knitting) on circular needles, it was so much easier to buy the set than to buy all of the different needles and cable sizes needed to complete all of my projects.

For those of you having trouble keeping the cables tight, make sure you use the key that is given. After you twist it by hand as much as it will go, get the key and the rubber grip and twist it the rest of way (instructions are on the instruction sheet). This is a VERY important step. I decided to skip this step once, and my needles and cables came apart. Hopefully, this will solve your problem; if not, I would call the company."
"I received this needle set as a gift.  I was so excited about it, I went out and bought a set for my stepdaughter.  I hope she doesn't knit as much as I do or she will be as frustrated as I am.  The needles constantly come unscrewed!  When I use the smaller needles (3 or 4's) they unscrew as I'm finishing each row.  Pain in the ___.  I'll save this set for my daughter to start knitting again with but I'll never buy another set of these.  Poorly made."
"Love this set.  I don't have a problem with them loosening while knitting.  However, I do put them together using the tools supplied with the kit."
"Quick Review
Pros:
1. Convenient for checking gauge/comparing swatches with different needle sizes
2. Easy to use: the cables' metal connectors don't snag on yarn, the rubber grippers help hold onto the needles when securing onto/disconnecting from cables
3. The case keeps everything organized and tidy
Cons
1. Cables are a bit stiff

Longer Review
At the time of my purchase, I was just starting to knit and decided to get this set to save myself the confusion of, What size needles do I need? Straight or circular? Whats magic loop??? Ive been using these needles nonstop since I bought them more than a year and a half ago, but along the way, Ive also bought other brands needles to which I can compare this Boye set.
Because this set has many sizes, Ive been saved the trouble of having to buy so many individual needles to check/get gauge. I haven't had any problems of the needles coming loose from the cables mid-project; use the key through the cable for leverage and the gripper around the needle to tighten and secure the join. The needles themselves are easy to use: they are comfortable to hold, yarn moves along the needles easily, and the needle points are neither blunt nor super sharp. They are sharp enough to knit lace but blunt enough that it doesnt hurt if I need to push the needle tip when slipping off a stitch.
The biggest drawback to this set is the cable stiffness. Compared to other brands circular needles Ive used, Boye needle cables are the stiffest. That said, Ive had no trouble working in the round. Ive even used the longest cable to knit magic loop socks (but I have since experienced that it is much easier to knit magic loop with the flexible cables of ChiaoGoo needles). Over time, I've found that the cables' stiffness has lessened a tad (especially the long cable which I beat into submission with magic loop). The two shorter cables can be a bit too short to comfortably knit in the round, but they're nice to use together as a pair of straight needles (just screw the plastic stitch holders onto the non-needle side of the cables).
All the pieces are still in great condition, and, by the way, I haven't lost anything because the case keeps everything neatly organized. The case isn't anything spectacular, but I really appreciate that each needle size is labeled. The only bit of wear and tear is on the most frequently used needles; the color coating is somewhat scratching off. However, this issue is minor and doesnt affect the needle quality at all. As for buying replacement cables, I once ordered a different sized cable but it came defective and did not connect properly to the needles. Since then, if Ive needed to supplement my needle collection, Ive dabbled into other brands. Overall, Im very happy with my purchase and am currently teaching my sister how to knit using this Boye set!"
"Pro: It's nice to have all the needle sizes without having to invest in every single size individually. And also good to have them all in one handy case.

Con: the joins are super stiff and stick out at a weird angle.  Several of the needles aren't smooth at the screw-in point which means yarn doesn't slide easily and even breaks. The plastic cables are also too stiff for magic loop, WHICH IS WHY I BOUGHT THIS IN THE FIRST PLACE."
Overall I am pleased. Cables are easy to connect in multiple configurations. The only problem is I have to tighten the cable/needle connection at the end of each row because it loosens.
"The cables are the worst, the connection is rough, and the needle tips are too long to use with the shorter cable. Honestly, a waste of money compared to my Knitpicks set."
I bought these a while back and never got around to using them until recently/ these are terrible - the cord is poor quality and snags because of poor workmanship. Do not frustrate yourself with these.
"A good set of knitting needles, as I expected."
I highly recommend this product!!  All your knitting needles in one convenient case!!  High quality product!!!!!
"My fiance bought it for me and I was SO excited to receive it, I was constantly buying different sets of needles at the time for new projects and it is itself a great idea.  My first use was with the size 10 needles and I believe a 16 inch circular attachment.  At first it was a little rough because I knit tightly, it was getting caught at the connections (which became REALLY frustrating) so I switched to the 12 inch circular.  I was barely 5 rows in when the circular attachment broke off. So not only was I out the circular cable for a length I would frequently need, my size 10 needles (which also would be frequently used) was unusable because I can't get that small piece out of the needle connection.
I looked up replacement of the items because my fiance was hurt that he bought what he thought was the greatest Christmas gift (it would have been if it worked better!) and it caused me so much grief and I wanted to make it work but it's like $10/$12 for the needles and another $10/$12 for the cable.
-This purchase was made roughly 4-5 years ago, and my set came with 12, 16, 20, & 24 inch cables (I'm actually starting to think I might have had an additional cable too, maybe a 10"") and I noticed this set only comes with 3 circulars, so hopefully they've made changes which includes reinforcing the metal that makes the connections.  Because it was such an awesome gift I was very careful, I wasn't pulling on it, or stressing it at the connections, and it felt like it just became almost like aluminum and just bent SO easily, I felt sick when it happened.
So yeah its an awesome set for a beginner/intermediate user who's interested in different projects that would need many different size needles, but just be VERY careful."
Just what my wife wanted
