I am really happy with my machine.  I have been sewing for many years and have a small home decor business and I love my 420.  It is very quiet and user friendly. Great machine for the price.
"Love it! I enjoy sewing with this machine due to it's ease of use. Durable, precise and much more. I don't even need to use the pedal!"
"This is an amazing sewing machine that anyone can use.  I've been a sewer since childhood and I have several machines, 2 are Brothers.  Both of my Brothers are extremely user friendly, amazing value for the price, wonderful highend features, awesome stitch selection, wonderful auto-thread cutter, reinforcement/reverse stitching, always needle down, speed control, the ability to design your own stitches, programable memory, stitch combinations, and extremely easy to use.  This machine will last me forever."
"I love, love, love this sewing machine.  It is just one of many I have,
including a Viking, but this is my favorite!  It is very user friendly and versatile.  I purchased it because I wanted a machine that had an alphabet.  This has three!  I have many projects lined up. My new toy!!"
"I recently purchased this machine because I needed one to finishe the edges of my appliques. I own a Bernina also, however this machine out performed the Bernina as far as finishing goes. It was a little challenging to figure out why the machine would error when trying to make button holes, however, it was strickly operator error. I would definetly recommend purchasing this machine, it is worth the price."
"It sews smoothly. The needle up down is my favorite part . I've had all these functions in a much more expensive machine so I'm happy it has so many. The thing I like least is the fact that the  needle is automatically at the left. I'm very used to a centered needle and am finding this difficult to get used to.  However , I love the machine and  have made two table runners so far. I have done some minor quilting on them, mostly straight line sewing."
It has a lot of features for this price point!
"Ive had this machine for 6 years.  I do occasional sewing projects and mending or hemming.  I have loved this machine. It has a lot of great features that simplify some trickier sewing tasks . I love the buttonhole function- it is so awesome! Just put the button in one end for the measurement and then it will automatically sew a beautiful, perfect button hole! Ive never tried the walking foot, but I plan to and I love that my machine has the capability.  A couple years ago I lost the power cord and was able to easily replace it."
Was shipped fast. Great machine. Love it !
"I love this machine, priced very fairly!"
"Wonderful, easy to use sewing machine even for a beginner. Easy to thread and make selections. Unbelievably quiet too! Stitches beautifully. Easy to change bobbin and bobbin wind."
"Love this sewing machine! I upgraded from an older Brother basic sewing machine. I can't believe how much more I enjoy sewing with this model. No more bobbin jams! Love the autothreader, being able to adjust the speed and the thread cutter feature. Highly recommend! "
"I purchased this Used  as advertised - Like New: An apparently untouched item in perfect condition. Original protective wrapping may be missing, but the original packaging is intact and pristine. There are absolutely no signs of wear on the item or its packaging. Instructions are included. Item is suitable for presenting as a gift.
Results when unpackaged: 1. Machine wobbled on flat surface, missing one plastic feet. 2. Small crack on front of case. 3. Front and rear cases do not fit together properly. 4. Loose hardware, missing screws under the machine, found in box a bend screw and another one with a screw head without the treads. 5. Found in the box a very small corner piece of a circuit board. I returned the product."
work as advertised. durable
"I love this machine. After 5 years, it still works perfectly. I've never had any issue with it. I use it for hemming, mending, and small household projects."
"DO NOT BUY!!!  BEWARE!!
While this machine may be for the serious, diehard sewing enthusiast, it is not for 90% of the sewing population.  The machine is way to finicky, and will instantly jam, knot up, and seize your material.  My wife and mother have tried sewing projects for the 4 years my wife has owned the machine, and NEVER, not once, have they made it through a simple project.  If you don't purchase material with an interest in thread count, shear strength and load testing, then STAY AWAY.  You must adjust thread type, tension, and needle size with EVERY thread and sewing project you do.  If you are off by the smallest  margin on any of these attributes, you will spend almost all of your time trouble-shooting behavior, unjamming the feeder, or cutting out your project after it's been wadded up into a ball.  My wife HATES sewing now all because of this machine.  If you don't sew for a living, then stay away!!!!"
great machine
"I really liked this machine at first. It has great features and is pretty easy to use. However after only having it for 6 months I started having problems getting the tension adjusted correctly.  I contacted Brother thinking they would tell me to take my machine to our local Brother dealer for repair. (I bought it from Amazon) And the machine was still under warranty so I wasn't concerned. To my surprise I was told that there is no service center for Brother sewing machines in my state- Alaska.  The closest service center would be in the state of Washington.  But they would send me a list of service centers there so I could choose the one that would be most convenient.  Convenient?????  Seriously?  I have now paid out of pocket to get my machine going again. It shouldnt have needed any repairs after only 6 months with very moderate use. So especially if you live in the state of Alaska, don't buy a Brother unless its from a local dealer who will provide their own warranty.  Lesson learned. Thanks a lot Brother! "
great
Love it! Have used many of the decorative features and purchased a couple extra feet Love Brother machines
"Love it, paid $79 in December 2016!!
I got a great sale at diff retailer, but this is my machine. I'm here looking for an extension table.

I do free motion quilting, table runners, small quilts. Throat plate isn't big enough to handle large quilts...without sweat and swearing.

Great machine. I've also found lots of feet for cheap prices here on Amazon.
Keep an eye on the bobbin race. You'll need to clean lint out often if you do lots of quilting with cotton threads. No big deal. I use a pipe cleaner carefully, and it picks up all fuzzies wonderfully"
"Simple, and easy to use."
love everything about this machine
I absolutely LOVE thid machine.  So many extras. The festures are excellent. Machine works very well.
"its all plastic- and its worrisome that the important parts like the bobbin holder will soon break. For an expensive machine, it feels flimsy and cheap. I wish I could return it and shell out for a more expensive, yet better made machine. I cannot imagine these flimsy plastic parts will last. the ""computer"" that determines the stitches etc, is not intuitive and a bit odd. I have been sewing for many years so maybe this machine was not right for an advanced person. shop around... its just okay, but a mistake for me."
I love love love this machine
"I've had this machine now for over 6 years, used at least weekly, if not daily. It still works amazingly. I've sewed delicate fabrics all the way to heavyweight denim (flat felled seams and bar tacks through multiple layers) with no issues. I've used a good deal of the stitches included. Bobbin winding works fantastic, automatic threader and cutter does too (although I think after 6 years the cutter may be *starting* to wear out). I have no issues with the tension as some reviews suggested (I test it first to see if I need to adjust it especially for very think or thick fabrics). I love Brother so much, I've got their coverstitch and serger and 2 of their printers. I think this could be a great machine for a beginner but I also think an experienced sewist (as I would consider myself) would also highly appreciate this machine. I would buy another if for some reason I needed to!"
Must have if you do a lot of sewing.
"Easy to learn computerized options by using the manual. The automatic threader is reliable. The button-hole foot is good - I tested it in the store on a display model with the help of the sales rep. I make clothing mostly and not quilts, yet the quilting features are good for those projects too. The light is too dim."
This was my Christmas present to myself.  I am so glad I bought this one.  It has been a dream.  It works very well and i have had no problems at all.  I love this sewing machine.
This machine is everything I expected. I love it. I highly recommend it to anyone who likes to sew. and can't afford thousands of dollars.
SCAM !!
I needed a spare machine to do projects that use double layers of vinyl and leather. While I found the preset foot lever useful it just didn't like thicker layers..I used a leather needle and the bobbin thread just kept jamming and tangling or skipping stitches. It's a nice machine but wouldn't expect heavy duty items to work well with it. I ended up going with Singer Quantum Stylist.
Was a gift to my son. She'll use it when her other 1 breaks
"excellent machine, does pretty much everything!!!! so quiet when sewing compared to most machines!"
"It is a great machine! Has features I didn't even know it had. Runs quite, smooth, light weight."
I just love this machine. I was worried about some of the reviews that said it would bunch up when starting out . This did not do this its sews really well. I had to call customer service cuz I did have trouble winding the bobbin and they walked me thru it step by step and was very nice and patient. That went really well. I have tried a few stitches and the ones I have used have worked and looked very nice. I like the needle threading part as it is harder as I get older to do this. Thread cutting option is also very nice. The light for sewing is nice and bright so all in all I have found no problem with machine. After I use the machine more I will come back and add more
"My Brother Project Runway PC420PRW arrived quickly and in perfect condition.  Have started testing some of the stitches and just love the results, the quietness and ease of operation.  It's going to be a lot of fun to use.  This is my third sewing machine in 50 years of marriage. My first was a Kenmore, then a Pfaff.  It was also a very good price and I couldn't be happier."
"This sewing machine is fantastic!! I have a Singer Futura Quartet that cost me four times the cost of the Brother Project Runway machine and the Brother is 100 times better than the Quartet!! Wish I had never bought the Singer.....lesson learned, I'll only buy Brother going forward."
"After having a brother that was more of an entry level machine, I decided to upgrade to this.  Very happy with my purchase.  I love the auto threader and the cutting feature.  More stitches than I will ever use but i have done some machine quilting on wall hangings and was very pleased with the results.  Mainly i bought this for piecing quilts and the prices they want at the quilt stores are ridiculous.  THIS works just fine."
This sewing machine is bringing a lot of pleasure to a teenager I know. No regrets. Her smile is all I need.
"I haven't even looked at a sewing machine for 35 years and I was able to set this up and go within minutes! As a grandma, I wanted to be able to sew baby things! I signed up for a basic sewing course at a local fabric store. The instructor was impressed with my machine. She loved how easy it is to thread and how quietly it runs. I've already sewn several items! The manual that comes with it walks you through easy steps for a variety of stitches. I'm very happy with my purchase!!"
use it every day
"as a quilter i have found some frustrations w this pc-420. monofiliment thread is difficult to use, despite using the net, and highest quality thread. monifiliment type threads are almost impossible to use w the thread spool holder also the thread spool holder should be vertical instead of horizontal so we don't have to use the goofy plastic disks to hold a spool of thread on the machine. it makes changing threads take longer. or give us the option of either vertical or horizontal spool position. you cannot keep the machine threaded while you wind a bobbin. so make sure you have enough bobbins of the color you are sewing before you start. or else you have to unthread the machine in order to rethread to wind a bobbin. then rethread machine to sew. i change feet and threads multiple times a day which becomes a nightmare on this machine as the screw has to be loosened and tightened multiple times a day. it slows me down and wears out the metal screw. should be an easier way to replace the quilting foot w the regular foot. there are 9 steps you must do to thread the machine and use the auto threader which is annoying to do often. tho changing regular presser feet is easy. less steps would be helpful as it wastes lots of time to take on and off the special feet. the plastic body of the machine is flimsy where thread gets threaded through si when you thread the several steps to thread up and down and up and down etc the thread can easily catch on the plastic and can bend plastic so corners of machine pieces are easy to break off. the scewdrivers that come with do not work to take off the base plate for cleaning or detangling under the presser foot. the light is not adequate to see where you are sewing. i have to use three other lights on my sewing table and one attached to the machine, and a flourescent ceiling light as well as the ceiling light in the center of room to sew adequately after dark.  several stitches cannot be reversed in order to stabilize them."
Brother sewing machines is the best!!!!
Very happy with my purchase so far.  I wish there were more videos up about how to use some of the features.  I could not figure out where the lever for the threader was located.  Now I feel stupid because it was on the side of the machine.  The drawing in the instructions was not clear.  I does wind bobbins better than other machines I have owned.  I am still exploring the machine.
I LOVE THIS MACHINE. ITS SMOOTH SAILING. NO PROBLEMS WORTH THE COST!
"So far I have been very happy with this machine. The fact that you can thread the needle with a push of a button is amazing and everything about it seems intuitive. There are many features I haven't explored, but using the preprogrammed letters has been fun."
I love this sewing machine!  Easy to use. Computerized.  It does it all.  My eyes are not quite what they use to be and I have a hard time threading my old machine  Now I don't need help with that because it is a self threader.  Wondering now why it took me so long to update!.
Nice machine
I have a much smaller Brothers Machine at our summer condo and loved some of the features on it that my old Bernina didn't have.  I wanted a little heavier machine for our winter home and found the PC420PRW had everything I wanted and more for a very reasonable price.  I visited several Brothers dealers and couldn't see any reason to pay more for a few more features.  I didn't want lessons and I have the warranty if there is ever a problem.  The dealers will tell you that this machine is made in a different factory with different components but I called Brothers Customer Service and they told me twice that it is made in the same factory and has the same components.  So far I love it.  I especially like the ability to control the speed either with the control on the front of the machine or the foot pedal.  Also love the new needle threader and thread cutter.  The ability to always stop with needle down is a plus.  I am still learning some of the features but it is fun and is amazingly quiet!!!
We bought it for our grand daughter to learn to sew. Was not too complicated for her. My wife is eyeing one for her to carry to quilting classes since the weight is light enough for her to carry easily.
I own three brother machines and love them all.
"Totally satisfied, love it, learn something new about my Brother sewing machine everyday! Highly recommend this product."
"Purchased this Machine July 30, 2011 and it is still going strong! I use it for my home based business and it has needed minimal maintenance. Very Pleased!"
"I purchased this machine on Amazon through FlexShopper.  What a nightmare!  I've been sewing for 30 years and I've never seen so many problems after only a few weeks of using a machine.  Light weight fabrics get sucked into the feed dogs, no matter how much you adjust the pressure. The tension is moody and hard to manage.  The LCD display is a joke as the image quality is very poor. The needle threader jammed into the downward position and even though I managed to push it back up, now the machine will not sew because the needle threader catches on the back of shank as it tries to move.  I had to send the machine off for warranty repair.  Beware, if you don't have an authorized Brother Dealership or Service near you, Brother requires you to pay to ship the machine off for repairs! What a joke!  With 7.5"" of throat space, an additional LED light wouldn't have been to much to ask.  My former machine, the Singer Quantum Stylist 9960 has an additional light in the throat area, comes with 18 bonus presser feet, has a much better LCD screen, an extra wide extension table included, does a much better job when free motion quilting with automatic tension, and costs $50.00 less.  If you want an extension table for the PC-420PRW, you'll pay $50+...I'm done with Brother!  I bought the new Juki DX7 and it is a stunning machine!  Yes, it's pricey but you get what you pay for.  I also sold my Brother serger and replaced that with Juki as well.  Juki machines are the most amazing machines I've ever used and don't cost $5,000 for a decent model like Brother's VQ3000 machine which is no better than my new Juki DX7 I just paid $1300 for, minus some high tech bells and whistles that the more practical among us don't even need.  My advice is to either finance or save up for a good machine.  There's nothing worse than playing musical sewing machines!  I'm so glad I finally have good machines I know I can count on for years to come.  Thanks to the helpful folks at Sewing Machines Plus, I'm back on track and ready for a fun new year!  :)"
"This machine is absolutely amazing. I have not owned a Brother machine previously, but now wish I had done this years ago. The machine almost sews itself it is so smooth and easy. The settings are easy to set and to read. I love it. I do a lot of sewing and wear out a lot of machines, but I don't think I will be able to wear this one out. I just feel so happy when I'm sewing with this machine and making beautiful quilts and other items for my family.  Thank you for such a wonderful product."
"Bought this for my daughter, she loves it.  For the price this little machine packs a lot of punch.  It is not loud at all.  Easy to use.  Only thing I would suggest is they need to refine the auto threader."
"LOVE this machine. It's quiet, accurate and I have had very little difficulty learning the different features. Perfect for many projects, including window treatments, etc. Very happy with my purchase."
I did go ahead and order this machine. I had ordered a Brother se400 but it malfunctioned and had to send it back. Bought a Brother pc420prw instead and so far I absolutely love this machine. Stitches are perfect. Wonderful machine. I have no problems with it so far! I'm thrilled.
love it!
"I love this machine! It does extremely well quilting and does pretty good sewing knits
 And super easy to use, I looked up videos on YouTube and got the feel for it. So far I'm not disappointed"
"I takes concentration to learn what this amazing machine can do.  Patience pays off for nice
 results."
"Leaving the Singer family of sewing machines, I was excited to receive my first Brother - a PC 420.  The computerized aspect was easy to adopt to by taking my time on my first sewing project, reading the manual, and getting on you-tube.  I love the knee lift.  The foot pedal is still a crutch for me after 1 month, however that is primarily due to the limited speed options without it.  This would be a 4.5 star if not for the trouble of acquiring the pressure feet missing in the box.  I was missing 2 pressure feet and 1 bobbin on my original shipment.  Amazon, being the amazing company they are, Thank you and kuddos, sent me a replacement machine.  Unfortunately, the 2nd unit was missing 3 pressure feet including one I was looking for.  I decided to go to Brother Customer service rather than ask Amazon for another replacement unit.  This is, after all, a Brother company issue.  After speaking to 3 representatives I was told to email in my receipt and within 3 weeks I would get my darn zipper foot.  That is not okay.  At minimum it should be fed-ex with apology.  Not a good introduction to Brother.  Get your customer service team and policies to focus on actual customer satisfaction or loose your sales base....which is obviously word of mouth and pen."
"Love it! Easy to use, powerful and saves valuable time"
"Love, love, love this machine! Still learning all the great things it can do! Everything I wanted in a new machine & more!"
"They say you get what you pay for, and there is truth in that.  I bought this to replace a $2000 Babylock that died on me.  This is not a $2000 sewing machine.  But then again, I did not pay $2000 for it.

Pro:  While it is brand new, I have to say that this sews like the expensive machine.  I love the fact that all of my accessories fit.  It has luxury features like thread cutters, knee lifter, and that great brother/babylock needle threader.  For me, another great perk is that the body is the same size as my dearly departed Babylock.  This means that my sewing table insert works well.

Con:  I have been spoiled by the $2000 machine touchscreen.  I will have to learn how to find the stitches I need.  I think the Brother cs-6000i has a better interface in that you just enter the stitch number you need.

Only time will tell, but this machine impresses me on day 1 and has all the features I need plus some of the ones I really enjoy, even if I don't really need them."
Very nice sewing machine with rich features.
I bought this for all the buttonholes it makes. Now I've made it my primary machine for all my sewing. Easy to use!
The machine was fine for the first year and then the Tension went - now since we don't have a Brother service centre near where I live - it cannot be fixed - Brother was of no help and told me to find a service centre - didn't give any suggestions as to where that might be.  And when I asked for a schematic or repair manual I was told they could not send me one because I am not a service centre - Now I'm stuck between a rock and a hard place - they won't tell me where to get it fixed and they won't send me the information I need to fix it myself.  That is not customer service
"Disappointed.  I got my first Brother PW 4 years ago.  Started quilting; became 'hooked'.  July 2016 the switch to lower the feed dogs broke.  It was going to cost $90 to fix a $185 machine, so instead I bought this one.  I was excited to have a thread cutter and other features.  In November the needle kept falling out.  I contacted Brother for service.  The closest place was over 100 miles.  Neither company would let me ship the machine to them.  Fortunately I had purchased the extended warranty with Square Trade through Amazon.  They said I could take it to the shop 30 miles away and they would reimburse me.  Great!  Went without machine for 8 days!  Six weeks later the FMQ would not work; back to shop.  There was thread wrapped around something inside.  Removed.  This happened again yesterday.  That's it.  I'm done.  I am going to shop for something else.  Keep shopping for better machine!"
"I have owned this machine for 4 years now and absolutely love it. I sew everyday and run an at home tailoring business. Couple things to know: use the right bobbins (made by brother) and use great quality thread (I use gutterman exclusively in my bobbin and in my needle).  This machine has been a work horse. I love the widened bed for quilting. I would buy this again in a heart beat. There is nothing better than the automatic thread cutter too!  Only draw back- it struggles with really thick layers. 3 layers of denim is ok, but the 4th layer is too much. For advanced bag making and leather, it would need a more powerful motor."
"LOVE this machine.  I have had it for years now and the only problem is the 'thread cutter button"" will jam the machine, so I just don't use it.  Everything else works fine and i wouldn't trade it for the world.  I have a second Brother machine as a back up, but this one is the one I go  to."
"Very pleased, this machine sews like a dream, such nice features for a great price.  I was a Janome user for years.  I was tired of the constant bobbin thread jams with the Janome TB30 and it's inability to smoothly adapt to changes in fabric thickness.  This brother machine beats it hands down.  It brought fun back to sewing for me.  I liked it so much I bought two brother sergers, another sewing machine and a brother embroidery machine.  Love them all!"
"I've had this machine past a year now.  I mainly use it for piecing quilts together.  Have had no problems with cotton, flannel or denim. I've even played a little with the embroidery making quilt labels :) So far the only thing I don't like about this machine,  Is that it doesn't warn me when the bobbin is low or empty....ugh! .....I don't know if I've received a malfunctioning machine or if just not part of its programing. My several years older computerized brother machine does this so I'm unsure why not a feature now. I've read the manual, have correct bobbins....so...who knows. Other than that it's been a fantastic machine."
"Everything I expected. In fact it is easier to use than I imagined. The clear bobbin cover is a plus. The LCD display is a great feature. First it walks you through the threading and winding proceedures with help screens. Pretty painless. They call it a manual threader. While you slide the thread in and operate the lever, to my old eyes that is pretty automatic.
The display shows you the stitch you have selected. A little grainy, but adequate.
The ajustable speed is a nice feature. Really quiet. LED lighting means it will last for years. Bigger bobbins really help on large projects. Get extras, you will want more than the four it come with. The stitch cards are plastic coated and durable. The instruction manual was well written, a rarity to find these days.
Cons, you have to unplug it after use. A good double pole switch would have isolated it. I would recommend using a surge supressor plug strip as with any electronics. A higher resolution screen would be nice. More bobins. It is heavier than my previous machines. Monograming will take some practice."
Very good for the price.
"Love it so far.
I have another older Brother that has given me some tension issues lately. Hopefully this one won't do the same."
Really nice sewing machine with lots of stitches to choose from.  No problems so far and have had it over a year.
"Love, love, love my new machine. Got sewing in about 30 minutes after taking it out of the box. I particularly like the buttons that cause the needle to forward stich, backward stitch, stop & cut the thread. Very convenient!  Also has knee release to remove fabric allowing you to use both hands for removal, handy for large items.  Very happy with my purchase."
"I  Love my new Brother project Runway PC420PRW 294 Stitch, It has so many Feature, and  I love the knee  lift. So Happy That I bought it"
This is an awesome machine.  It has everything you need to quilt.
Such a smooth working machine with lots of throat space for quilting room!
"I absolutely love sewing with this machine.  The automatic threader, the built in thread trimmer using the scissors button, the knee lift, being able to use with or without the foot pedal, just so many wonderful things about this machine.  The manual is very good also that comes with it.  I am still learning new things about it and have enjoyed it so much.  It has been everything I was hoping to find in a machine.  This is my second Brother sewing machine and I have not been disappointed in either.  I also bought the extension table to go with it.  A friend has bought one also in the past few days after seeing mine.  I searched lots of reviews before deciding on this machine.  Delivery was fast and it was well packaged.  This was a really good price also on this machine.  Another thing I really like about this machine is the carrying case as it has a place on the side of it for your manual, etc.  Also, the Brother SA537 extension table that I ordered to go with it has a slot on the back of the extension table that houses the knee lift and the extension table will hang on the side of the cover for the machine when you want to transport the machine to craft or quilting class.  All the feet are together in the arm of the machine so that you have everything compact when transporting it  from one spot to another.  Very well designed."
"We gave this machine to our daughter as a gift over a year ago.  After numerous sewing projects, she just loves it."
Wonderful machine
Happy with this product
Love this sewing machine! The automatic threader is a huge plus.
Best sewing machine. I absolutely love this machine it is so easy to use and I'm addicted to sewing because of it! A real treat to own this.
"I have had this machine for a couple of years.  I normally just sew easy things, aprons, quilt tops, handbags, etc.  I have never used any of the fancy stitches.  I am writing this review on winding the bobbin on this machine.  I don't care how much I use it, I dread winding the bobbin.  I get it right half the time and the other times, the thread ends up underneath the thread holder.  Very irritating because I can't figure out a way to lift it off and take the excess thread off.  So, I have to spend my time sitting there unwinding the thread so I can start all over winding the bobbin.  I have one of those bobbin winders that I use most of the time instead of using the machine bobbin winder.  This is my first Brother machine.  I have always used Singers and Kenmores in the past.  Nope, don't think I will buy another one if this Brother wears out."
"UPDATE: I've had the machine for a little less than a year now and it's starting to have all kinds of problems. The thread cutter stopped working and it appears the end of the little cutting tool broke off. The needle threader is very iffy, works sometimes, not others. I have to change my needle out way too often. The stitches have gotten sloppy. The thread breaks often and is a real pain to get out of the machine so I can rethread it. If I'm sewing on anything very thick at all (like 2 layers of fleece) the stitches skip terribly. If I start a seam at the end of the fabric, the machine eats it.. I've had to dig out more fabric than I care to think about. The markings on the various buttons (like reverse) are wearing off already and will not be visable after much more use.  I love the knee lift and also loved the thread cutter, as well as the decorative stitching. But good grief, less than a year and all these problems! I've contacted Brother and they've sent me a list of authorized dealers to take it in to have it fixed.. Hopefully, I'll come back with a machine that won't have to be taken in again in less than a year. Very disappointed in this machine after loving it so much at first.  I have 2 other brothers and a bernina, and have never had these kinds of problems with those machines.. I paid more for this one than my other Brothers, and they are much more dependable.. Like I said, very disappointed in this machine. Hopefully when it comes back from the repair shop, it'll be like new again. Crossing my fingers.
Original Post:
I purchased this machine for the knee lift option, but am pleasantly surprised at all the other great features.. I sew for a living, and have had many, many sewing machines, including quite a few brother project runway machines. I never really appreciated the brother machine until I bought a very expensive Bernina machine. I then realized that the Brother machines have many of the same features as the Berninas.. They aren't built as well, they don't have the metal parts Berninas do, but they also cost a fraction of the cost...The Brother may not last 20 years like a Bernina, but then again, when you pay a fraction of the cost, when it comes time to replace it, you'll probably be looking at a new Brother with some great new features!

My knee lift quit working on my Bernina, and I really depend on it for speed. I noticed quite a few reviewers stated they didn't get the knee lift on this machine and thought it was a waste of time.. Let me tell you, if you sew a lot like I do, the knee lift is the best feature of a sewing machine. Once you get used to using it, you will never want to be without it!

Our only local sewing machine shop went out of business last year so I have no where local to take it to be repaired.. The nearest dealer is a 3 hour trip with a $100 minimum to look at it, plus whatever it costs to fix it with parts, etc... If it has to stay more than a few hours, it would mean another 3 hour trip to pick it up..

I started looking for machines with knee lifts and found this one on Amazon.. After doing a lot of research on it, I decided it was worth purchasing this machine, as it could easily end up costing me this much to repair my Bernina..

I am really so surprised by this machine... Not only does the knee lift work great, but it has a thread cutter I've never had in a machine before.. It's awesome.. You just push the thread cutter button when you finish sewing a seam and it actually cuts the thread.. What a time saver..

The options are very easy to use. There are quite a few decorative stitches including lettering that actually work!  The lettering on my Bernina has never worked correctly.

The needle threader is different than my other brother machines and it took me a bit to get used to it.. At first I thought it didn't work and I was very disappointed, but after getting out the directions and following them (lol), I figured out how to use it and it's now easy as can be..

It comes with a hard carry case, which is nice, but to be honest, I never use them, but if you like to cover your machine when not in use, it would be nice..

Probably the one thing I don't really like about it is where the spool of thread goes.. You lift the top of the machine to add the spool.. Once you thread the machine you close the top to sew, which is nice, except I don't use spools of thread, I use cones thread, so the top needs to stay in the open position. It's not a big deal, just kind of wish I could close it.

There are a lot more features than what I mentioned, but the bottom line is, this machine works great and offers a lot of features normally found in much more expensive machines... Right now I have four machines and I find that I am using this one about 80% of the time.."
"I've had this machine about 5 months now and I love it!  The automatic threader and thread cutter work great.  I never knew what I was missing!  It's easy to figure out and sews very smoothly.  I'm an avid sewer and quilter and I love this machine.  The decorative stitches are decent quality too.
Cons:  I wish the table extender was included at this price, I had to pay around $57 to buy one.  Also, the lettering fonts are pretty useless, the quality and size aren't very good.  So if you're looking to do lettering, this isn't the machine for you.
Overall -  I would definitely recommend this machine, I love mine."
"So far a wonderful machine. . . However I had hopes to generate and save a ""million"" stitches using ""My custom stitch"".
Imagine my surprise when I discovered I could only save 5. . .  :- (
This is not something they openly advertise. . ."
"Waiting for mine to arrive but I know I will love it! This will be my 3rd Brother. I had no issues with previous ones, I am just upgrading. The link below is a video that will help you set the needle to the middle position and it will stay until you reprogram it. Enjoy the relaxation and creativity of sewing 
[...]"
"I love it.  It's quite and sews very well.  I've had a more expensive sewing machine and never really enjoyed sewing with it, did bother me one bit to sell.  This one does everything I need it to do and more still learning, and yes I have looked at the newer models from brother, but can't see paying thousands for a sewing machine when this little guy does the same quality stitch.  You won't regret buying I love this machine."
"A machine that does many things, none of them very well.  Cheaply made, with many plastic parts in the mechanism.  On sturdy fabrics like corduroy or wool, it performs adequately.  It could be a good starting machine for a new sewer.  But... On lightweight fabrics, like shirting, the tension is so out of whack that it literally gathers while it stitches.  Stitching over paper helps a bit, but what a pain.  Now it's become a fabric-eating monster.  After less than 6 months of use, it has eaten the cuff of a shirt while I was putting in a buttonhole.  Unfortunately it's too late to return it, so I may just start a bonfire."
"Update: My review initially was entitled Not for Heavy Fabrics, but I changed it to Yes for Heavy Fabrics and that is thanks to a comment below that gave me some good advice that I tried and it worked.  All I had to do was change the presser foot tension and go back to a normal pressure foot and my thick double-knit sewed beautifully.  Therefore,  I am upping my rating from 4 to 5 stars.  This is an excellent sewing machine.

I am surprised that some reviewers consider this a heavy-duty sewing machine because I've found the opposite to be true.  I nearly damaged the machine trying to sew with a cotton poly double-knit which when doubled for sewing seams is 3mm wide.  The manual states fabrics up to 6mm can be used, which is just not true. And I used every option available, including trying different ball-point needles, heavy-duty needles, walking foots and other presser foots, adjusting the tension, stitch speed and stitch width with no success.  Finally, I had to admit defeat and switched over to my serger which easily handles ""heavy"" fabric.  I've had this machine for 6 months now and this is the first major issue I've had. Another negative is the poor lighting, which I've found a solution for by using a gooseneck lamp which I wrap around the machine handle and it provides decent lighting. Other than that I have been very pleased with this machine.  I especially love the ease of the bobbin winder and the drop-in bobbin that automatically connects with the upper thread,  and the automatic needle threader is a time-saver.  Plus the crazy amount of beautiful stitch selections opens up a lot of opportunity for creative one-of-a-kind designs."
"Wow!  Amazon is incredible!  I ordered this machine the night before thanksgiving, and it was here by  Monday!  I love the machine. It does everything that it said it would do, smoothly and quietly.  The stitches look great!  I used it a lot for Christmas sewing and pillow cases for everyone in the extended family.

 I specifically bought this machine for the automatic thread cutter, which I LOVE!  Then, all the sudden the thread cutter stopped cutting the thread.  It still worked, it just didn't CUT the thread.

I took it to the only place we have in town for service, and was told that they were not an authorized  Brother dealer.  He kindly looked up the nearest service center for me and it was over two hours away.  I was baffled about how I was going to get the cutter fixed since that was the reason I bought the machine in the first place.  I decided to call Amazon and ask for their help.

I was elated when the very kind lady on the phone said they would issue a pick up slip for the machine, AND ship out a brand new one to me with free overnight shipping!!  I called them on Sunday morning, Feb 28th and by 4pm Monday, the. 29th my new machine was here!

I was back to sewing within 15minutes!  I will certainly not be skeptical or worried about shopping online with Amazon ever again!  It was an incredible experience and I wanted to share that in case you have any reservations about online shopping with Amazon.  Trust me, and go for it! Happy Shopping!"
Great throat size for quilting. Good price.
"I gave this to my daughter and she is thrilled with it.  Not only does it sew better than the one she had, it has extra features that she loves. She uses it for making clothes she designs."
Does everything I want and runs smoothly. Comes with a lot of extras that are great to have.
"works ok, but a part was missing from the package.  it was a zipper foot # X59370-051"
This little machine is one of those well kept secrets that everyone should know about. A best buy for the money!
Not very happy with this machine as either the bobbin doesn't wind tight thus allowing the bobbin thread to get caught in the sewing machine needle shaft or the sewing threader doesn't thread the sewing machine needle and you have to retread the thread sometimes as many as six times. I may send this machine back.
My wife is over the moon about her new sewing machine
"This machine is trying to straddle the gap between a consumer and industrial machine, which is a hard thing to do, but it does an excellent job of it. Its got a huge myriad functions, for the home user that wants their machine to be a ""jack-of-all-trades"". And it has a little extra power and weight, to handle some of the heavier-duty jobs that a industrial machines address. This might be the perfect blend of functionality for many home, pro and semi-pro users.

Whether it is best for you would depend on the application."
"I love my new ""Brother"".  She just purrs!"
"Although the extension ""table"" is an added accessory the machine performs effortlessly and makes sewing once again a lot of fun. Check the details of what this machine offers and make your own comparison for your own needs."
"I LOVE this machine! I'm a professional costumer and this machine has served me well for 2 years. Easy to use, dependable and solid. It even accompanied me to Bermuda.

It sews like a dream and is easy to operate. Comes with great feet and it even tells you which feet to use with which stitch. I love the leg lever and that was a a motivating feature in purchasing this machine. The automatic threader is amazing!

The only cons to me are that it's quite large and heavy, though that is also a plus. I also wish it had an adaptor to use larger cone thread, but I just purchased a metal cone thread holder and it works perfectly."
I love this machine.  It took some time to 'figure it out' but its great
Love love love this machine. I will always by brother products. Well made machine. Some of the accessories are a little flimsy and feel vulnerable to breaking after some time that is my only complaint.
have had this machine for awhile now and absolutely love it!!  I have quilted queen size quilts on it with no problem.  Just have to do it in sections but still very manageable!!
Very smooth machine and easy to use!
"Bought for my wife (experienced seamstress). This machine has lots of options and seems well made.  Wife says it is finicky...has had a few broken needles and actually had a needle sew  through her finger (no kidding, a first for her after 40 years of sewing).  She can't figure out what went wrong.
Anyway, not sure if user error or again, in her words, machine is finicky/touchy.
The auto thread doesn't seem to be consistent."
"Love, love this machine"
"Great. Everything it says, it does. I was a little concerned to see that much of the product, including the bottom plate is made of plastic. I guess I was accustomed to my old product from years ago. Doesn't seem to hinder anything, so far."
"I purchased this machine a year ago.  I am new to sewing and absolutely love this machine!  It has great lighting, runs quietly and I never have any difficulty with it!  I love all the extra feet that came with it - I have only had to buy one foot (concealed zipper foot).  The weight is great.  I can't say enough good things about this machine!!!"
I love it. Great machine for the price. I especially like that the thread holder on top of the machine is under a protective lid because I often travel with my machines and frequently break that part. Started sewing with this machine literally minutes after unpacking it and really like the thread cutting and needle threading features.
I received this machine as a gift from my husband. It is a great machine. I haven't had any issues with it.
"This machine is better than I thought.  I bought one early in 2013, and was disappointed that the bobbin thread tension was not adjustable. Not only does the manual not mention bobbin thread tension, I even contacted Brother support on the phone to see if there was some way to adjust it.  They said, ""No.""  Just recently I bought a replacement bobbin case from Amazon because it indicated that the thread tension was adjustable.  To my amazement, it was identical to the one that had come with the machine. The bobbin thread tension is adjustable!  It is controlled by the ""painted"" screw on the bobbin case, which was green in color for both my original and the replacement. You might need to buy a screwdriver small enough for the slot, as the smaller of the two that came with the machine doesn't fit this screw very well.  I am now VERY happy with this machine, and have had no problems in almost three years of general use.  I have been sewing for 50 years (on and off) and this is my fourth machine, and by far the best I have owned."
This sewing machine is a DREAM!!!!
"I particularly love the stop/start and speed control features on the front. I was able to stitch together a quilt top with a broken foot. I had read so many conflicting views on the drop-in bobbin, I admit I was a bit nervous about its performance. Am happy to say, I've not had any problems whatsoever. Plus the needle threading feature is fabulous. I am completely satisfied with this sewing machine."
"It was my first computerized sewing machine & it takes a bit of getting use too.  Dials were easier. But it it performs wonderfully.
 I do miss the foot pedal.  This unit comes w/ one as an option but it stops some of the functions & is very delicate."
"Upgraded to this from the cs-6000i.  I loved my last machine, which lasted me 5 years of quilting about 6 to 10 lap size quilts a year.  It was a great machine for the price, but I wanted some extra bells and whistles.
First of all I LOVE this machine.  You really can't beat a brother.  This machine is much heavier, which you really want if you use the fastest speed and sew in long lines to keep from bouncing all over the place.  This machine is also much quieter, probably because the thread spool is under a cover.  The cutting button feature alone is worth $200, especially when quilting so I don't have to reach under the quilt all the time to cut the bobbin thread.  The extra large throat space makes it easier when quilting and I love that this comes with a quilting foot and a free stitch foot.  Its also a bonus that there is a little compartment in the base for a couple of extra bobbins.  I haven't found anything I don't like about it so far."
Very happy with delivery service on this product.  So far it is a great machine and good instructions.
Great machine stitches beautifully!  Main sewing is done on a Bernina but when I want to take a machine with me that has lots of features this is perfect!  I love the knee lift especially for quilting!
"I'm wondering when Brother figures out that they could charge twice as much for this machine and it would still be a great deal. My Kenmore finally died, so I went to the Consumer Reports website and read up on this model; nothing but rave reviews. This machine is quiet, strong, and has many options. I read the manual once and I've become really comfortable with the machine quickly. The automatic threader, the no-pull bobbin, the LED screen to choose stitches, stitch width and length, embroidery patterns, the one-button thread cutter - this machine has everything. I also have the Brother Designio Series DZ1234 Serger and I've come to the conclusion that Brother is a superior company on all levels."
"Bought for my wife, and she has had nothing but good to say about it.  She's a regular watcher of Project Runway, and they gave this machine a pretty good workout, which is why she chose it."
"absolutely perfect--
am going to love this machine--"
"Love the machine. At first I thought the threader was broken, but you just have to make sure the foot feeder is down before you try to thread the needle."
"This is the WORST machine company.  I bought this machine a few weeks ago and it started breaking the machine.  Then I took it to a repairman who said I should return it.  I returned it and promptly got a second.  It doesn't work either!  I make clothing for customers and I am losing a ton of money. THis is the FOURTH brother sewing machine I have had since August 15th. That's right, 45 days!!!!!!!  I am irate and have been on hold for 30 minutes.  Obviously I am not the only person with this problem.  I am currently having to refund $175 in outstanding orders because I am without a machine.  Thank you so much for your terrible machine and service.."
Great
Returned it. It was sticking when I tried to use it. I had a technician look at it and he said it was damaged. Returned to Amazon and was quickly refunded. I ended up purchasing a Baby Lock Aria and I love it! I also purchased a brother serger that had issues a few weeks prior and had to return it as well. The tech said it was dry as a bone. No oil! It has turned me off of the brother brand.
"Admittedly, I've only owned this machine for a week so can't speak to its overall durability. But I am already in love. This is an upgrade for me from the Brother CS6000i, which was a fantastic, reliable little machine.

PROS: Seriously generous harp space for the price, more than even more expensive machines. Loaded with handy features like the drop in bobbin, knee lifter, thread cutter and automatic threader. Excellent selection of stitches, those as primarily a quilter I probably won't use many. For you quilters out there, this machine does a perfect free-motion stitch right out of the box!  No messing with tension for me at all. And lastly, it's a quiet machine.

CONS: Only a couple and they are minor, in my opinion. The needle defaults to the left side stitch. Would be great to be able to change this setting to default to the middle. The bobbin winder is set at an angle, which makes it difficult to see if the bobbin is winding correctly.

I would highly recommend this machine, no matter what your budget, but it's price makes it irresistible!  I would say best price in its class, but I think it's actually priced for a class below what it actually is.  This is a quality machine."
"I have not seen any comments on the stitch creation feature. Even you tube had no info.
I want everyone to know about this feature as it is totally awesome but a bit tricky to figure out.  I finally designed a turtle and was able to program the grid coordinates into the machine and save the pattern for future use.
There are no limits to this machine as you can always create new stitch patterns to store.
I am totally in love!!"
I absolutely love this machine.
"I sew professionally (though not super high volume).  After trying for several months to get a new Janome HD3000 to cooperate, I finally threw in the towel and admitted that I shouldn't have to waste so much time coaxing and begging a brand new machine to do its job! I returned it and decided to go with a Brother (not my first Brother machine).  Even though I got dinged a little on a re-stocking fee for the Janome return, I'm still glad I got rid of it and went back to a Brother! This machine is wonderful! I also currently have an industrial, heavy duty Juki machine which I use for super heavy duty sewing, but wanted something that could do light and medium work, plus some decorative stuff.  This machine definitely fits the bill.  Reading some of the other reviews, I think that folks are having some ""user error"" issues that they're attributing to the machine and that I learned over time with my old Brother (and which I've found to be the same with this one).

1.) Folks saying they can't get the feed dogs back up after putting them down.  This is really confusing on Brothers! Your machine will arrive with the switch all the way to the right (feed dogs UP). Then you flip it to the left and you see the feed dogs visibly go down.  Then, you try to flip it back to the right and the switch won't go all the way over.  And to add insult to injury, you don't see the dogs come back up! It seems like a defect! Alas, it isn't. The switch will NEVER go back to flipping all the way to the right, BUT, as soon as you either start sewing or simply turn the handwheel, up will pop the feed dogs! They DO come back up, but that weird switch and the fact that they don't pop back up without advancing the handwheel or sewing is kind of misleading.

2.) How does the thread cutter work? It DOES leave about 2"" of tails, but the nice part is that it pulls both threads to the BACK and cuts them both. You will still need to give them a little trim though.

3.) Needle threader doesn't work. Unless someone has a truly defective machine, it works perfectly when the needle is all the way in the UP position.

4.) Heavy duty sewing.  The piercing power is pretty darned good considering this isn't sold as a heavy duty machine. It also feeds well with thick layers. Going over humps is difficult even for my Industrial Juki (DNU 1541), so this isn't a matter of power, just mechanics. Try a humper jumper if you do this regularly. It's not the machine.  And finally- don't think you're going to sew through leather with a size 12 needle! Get the appropriate size and type of needle and thread, play around with the tension and presser foot pressure and you should be good to go!

5.) Knee lift. Anyone who has ever worked on an industrial machine will appreciate this. It really does make life easier! I piece lots of curves which requires me to stop and adjust the fabric pretty frequently.  With the knee lift, I don't have to take either hand off the fabric which saves a lot of time and aggravation.  Plus, this combined with the thread cutter makes it really easy to quickly sew a piece, cut, lift and toss it aside while you grab the next one or even just to go to another seam on the one you're working on. Big time saver if you spend any considerable amount of time at your machine.

6.) And on an related note- if you really want to take advantage of the overcasting stitches and don't want to invest in a serger, the $20 side cutter foot works PERFECTLY on this machine! I've used it on cotton sherpa (a soft, fleecy material), cotton/lycra jersey knit (stretchy!) and flannel and it worked like a dream.  Very worth the $20 and the instructions included in this machine's manual will have you up and running in no time.

I think those were the main things I saw mentioned in the reviews. Great machine for a great price. Obviously, if you want fancy monogramming/embroidery, serging, super heavy duty sewing, etc., then you need to invest in the appropriate machines for those things! For what it promises and the price, this machine is awesome!"
"Absolutely GREAT sewing machine! I have had it for about 4 years now, and it still works flawlessly. Can't go wrong with this purchase! Just do it!"
"OK, I was sewing with my Mom's old 1970s Singer. It was a nice one and great in it's time, but I'm new to sewing and quilting and I needed something simpler that made my sewing look better and didn't mess up all the time. I LOVE THIS MACHINE!!!  I don't know how to sew enough to give you a technical review. However, if you are new to sewing and need something to help you improve. YOU NEED THIS MACHINE!! I don't even use the foot petal. I just push the buttons on the front. Put your material in, push needle down, push back for backward stitches, push forward and sew for a while, push backward to stop then go backward, push the cut thread button. Plus it is so easy to wind the bobbin and thread the machine and thread the needle automatically. It is easy to pick stitches, change the length and width, change the feet. It has a small handy compartment for the feet and a few other  things. I haven't tried all the stitches, nor the button hole, nor the embroidery thing but I bet they are great. THE ONLY THING that I don't like about this machine is that you have to use a screw driver to change the foot to a walking foot and back AND to take the needle in and out. I wish I could just reach up there with my hand and turn a knob in those places to change them. The screwdriver is a huge pain and slips off the screws when you are trying to tighten and loosen them. I'm thinking I can go to home depot and find a knob thingy to replace them - but I haven't looked yet. Other than the screws, this machine is the bomb!!!!"
"More than met my expectations. I had not done any sewing for a number of years, but this machine has brought me back to a recreation that I have always been passionate about."
"If you need a reliable machine then check out Brother's line. This machine has so many good con's about it, the few things that you don't  like are
few and not worth worrying about. For the money and quality, you can't get a better machine than this one."
Plastic parts.  Stopped sewing after 6 months.  Will never own another Brother product.
The machine was quiet and hummed - nice stitches - but the bobbin winder went crazy.  One bobbin was overfilled to the point the sides stuck out and could not fit in the bobbin case.  One time the bobbin actually burst apart.  Then the needle threader stopped working  Both items are important- Amazon was great and allowed me to get full credit towards a different machine
"This item works very well... mostly.  I have not used all stitches, but those that I have used, work very well.  I did find a problem with thread supply.  This unit is equipped for a standard thread spool.  I use bulk thread spools, This unit does not do well with large (bulk) thread spools, because there is no clear path for the thread to feed from a spool which is not mounted to the on-board spool holder.  My thread is set onto a vertical pole, where the spool rotates as the thread feeds.  This machine breaks the thread, with the slight tension required to pull the thread from the vertical mounted spool.  This problem caused me to modify my spool holder to a horizontal position, so the thread flows freely from the bulk spool.  All other sewing machines have work normally with a vertical mounted thread spool."
"Does so much, it'll take years to learn it all!"
"I enjoy using this sewing machine, reasonably priced for all the different features it performs.  Really LOVE the feature of the cutting of the thread.  Would recommend this machine."
This sewing machine is awesome!!!
My machine of 35 years died right in the middle of a project... after much research... lots and lots of review study... watching u-tube videos and talking to some local dealers I decided on this machine and I couldn't be more pleased..so far I absolutely love this machine... you cannot beat the price... it does everything I want it to... very easy to use... very quiet... I love the adjustable speed control...the needle threader is wonderful...everything works exactly as described.. winding a bobbin is a breeze... one of the straight stitch settings has the ability to move the needle to the right where ever you want it... I could never do that with my old machine.. I use that feature all the time now....  . I make my clothes.. and other things needed for the house so I can't be without a machine... so glad my old machine finally died.. because the new machines out there today are fabulous.. and this one selling for a fraction of the price I paid 35 years ago... I'm a happy camper...
I absoluetly love this machine.  Being a quilter I have used this every day I've had it.  This machine is so quiet and the features are to die for.  I highly recommend this to anyone.
Excellent machine
I love my new machine! It's working well. My only complaint is that the concealer zipper foot was missing in the set what I opened the item andluck would have it that it's the only foot I need to complete my first project.
"do not buy this machine when i purchased two of these machines in 2012 i loved them but now 3 years later both of them are broken and I am going to try a singer.  auto cutter broke on both within 1 month auto theader just fell off one machine, bobbin winder dosent work,
the foot falls off every time you lift it.  the only thing the one machine does is sew stitches but not relably.  the second machine dosen't
sew at all it always jams when you try to sew."
"Really enjoying this machine and all it's features, sews beautifully."
"I like this machine per se, but I hate the threader rewinder.  It is difficult to work with and difficult to thread.  I wish they would have stuck with the old way of rewinding and threading."
Broke within 1 day. Had to return it. Very disappointed.
bought for granddaughter who loves its mass variety of stitches ans use of ease'  will be ordering one for myself.
"Very solid machine, corners very well.  I'm really enjoying sewing with it.  Love the buttons...the one for lowering and raising the needle is great for pulling up the bobbin thread, the thread cutting one cuts nice and close so there is no thread to be cut at the beginning of seams.  Love the push button bobbin winder as well.  Had trouble with a few bobbins filled without it by the way.  The peddle is kind of cheap feeling, very light, but it works well.  I would prefer a heavier one but maybe that's just me.  I've put about 50 hours on the machine in the last week or so, I would definitely recommend it."
Have had it for a few years so far--works great!
"Love, Love, Love this machine.  This is my first computerized sewing machine and it's the wonderful  I recommend this one highly.  The instruction manual is easy to understand even for someone who is an average seamstress.  So far, and I've had this machine for about six months, I have no complaints.  I am so glad I brought this Brother machine, my first purchase of this brand."
"I was very nervous about this machine after having used my mom's old Kenmore for years.  But what a great surprise!  Simple to set up, very clear instructions, and it sews like a dream!  Was planning to use the standard foot pedal, but the off and one button was so easy to use.  I boxed up the pedal and might use it someday.  I started off with making some alterations.  Can't wait to start making dresses!  Very pleased."
Fantastic!
This was recommended to me and well worth it. I'm very happy. Thanks MimiG Style for everything.
"What a wonderful sewing machine!  When I decided to retire my old Kenmore, and purchase this one, I was worried about learning on a new machine.  This one is so easy to use that my worries were unfounded.  I have a Brother PE770 embroidery machine, so I knew about threading, bobbins, etc.  So, when this one proved to have the same setup I was able to set it up and get sewing within minutes.  Even so, the directions provided in the manual were very easy to follow, so if you've had to exposure to a Brother machine, you should have no problems.  It came with a ton of pressure feet and other goodies.  I am extremely pleased!"
Love this machine
"A few glitches, such as changing the pressor feet, and threading the machine. Other than those few things,I am very pleased with this sewing machine.

I have had an issue with the thread (and I use Aurofil,Mettler and Gutermann), when it gets down to about a 1/4 of the spool left, it will not feed through sections 4 & 5 of the threading area.  It constantly breaks or just stops working.  When I change the spool of thread, it runs fine again.

I have now had this machine for 2 years and other than the thread problem I love this sewing machine.  It is still very easy to use and I have made 6 quilts and lots,of table understanding with it.  Made sewing fun gain."
I love this sewing machine.  My sister who sews a lot recommended it after much research.  It is almost like hers and she paid twice the amount!
"I've had this machine about a month or so and use it everyday.  It's a super machine in sewing quality, and available features with an extremely affordable price.  I feel I made a good choice with this model."
"I adore this machine.  It is SO quiet!  This is an upgrade from the Brother SQ 9050 because I wanted the auto-thread cutter, auto-needle threader, and the knee lift.  I'm using higher quality Aurifill threads on many projects and the thread is just too expensive to be wasting 6-8 inches each time I pull the fabric out so the thread cutter was a ""must"" in my book.

This is a great machine for all levels of sewing/ quilting skills from beginning to expert.  It has a TON of accessories that come with it to include a walking foot.  Brother heard the message and got the zipper foot right on this one because the little plastic one that's been shipping with Brother machines lately...well, to be frank, stinks. I really like this old-school zipper foot that must be screwed on and is shaped like an ""L"".  It's a bit more cumbersome to install vs. a drop foot, but is worth all the effort for solid zipper outcomes.

The digital read out screen is very bright and easy to see and the lettering stitches work well.  I've had no trouble making bobbins or changing out threads.  The zigzag stitch on this machine goes all the way to 7.0 which is wider than most Brother sewing machines.  That's nice for larger coat buttons.  The user manual is top-notch which is standard for Brother.  It has simple instructions with detailed step-by-step images.  Figuring out how to use the higher numbered stitches is an adventure but the book explains how very clearly.  This machine will provide many-a-bird's-nest if you don't use the spool caps.  And lesson learned, you have to use the proper cap that is slightly larger than the end of the spool.  For some odd reason, it really makes a difference.  The machine is heavy enough that it doesn't do ""The Electric Slide"" on my sewing table as I sew, but yet not so heavy I can't easily move it around if needed.  A fabulous accessory that I've not seen on other Brother machines, is the Extra Spool Pin that snaps onto the bobbin wheel.  If you're using two threads for decorative stitching, it's perfect.  It's one of those things that you never minded that you didn't have and now that you do, you use it all the time.
In the beginning, I had to move the treadle foot to the left from where I normally kept it with other machines.  Reason?  I frequently found myself nearly sewing my fingers together when I meant to push the knee lift and hit the treadle instead.  It's just a thing to get used to with a knee lifter but I've come to love the thing already.  Now that I've been using the machine daily for the last 6 months, the learned motion of knee lift to fabric removal is almost natural.  I have to laugh at myself when using my other machine that doesn't have a knee lifter and I find my right leg pushing thin air to raise the presser foot.

The techniques I've used on this machine other than a straight/zig-zag stitch are:  blanket stitch for applique, quilt piecing, perfect button holes and button installation, large wavy lines and ditch stitching on a sandwiched quilt with the walking foot, satin stitch applique, joining stitch to piece together quilt batting scraps, blind hem, and free motion quilting with the hopping foot.  All performed exactly as expected with great results.  In all, for the price, you can't get a better machine and I'm incredibly happy with it."
"I have only used the machine twice but, so far I am loving it."
Love this sewing machine. Love the self threading mechanism and thread cutter.
"I love this machine! It is so quiet. Sews very nice stitches. The threader is great. The thread cutter is great. I only rated it a 4 star because the manual is a little confussing..Instead of the manual going in order it jumps from say page5 to look for the rest of the instructions on page 65. I would like the manual to be easier which would make using the different stitching on this machine easier, also. I do need to state that I have only had yhis machine a month. I am sure the skipping around will get easier as I get more familiar with it."
Sew (lol) far I love it.
love it! very easy to use
"Absolutely LOVE this machine. Visited my local sewing center and tried out several higher priced machines and read a lot of reviews online. I kept coming back to this machine. I was skeptical, because I was looking for a Janome and really didn't think I wanted anything but Janome. I really wasn't very impressed with what I tried out, unless I wanted to spend well over $1000. I really didn't think I wanted a Brother and I'm not sure why, I guess just the name game(I do own a Brother PE500 embroidery machine that I have been happy with). I have always sewed on Kenmore(2 of which were made by Janome). My local store is big on Janome, but when I mentioned that Brother was getting some really big ratings they steered me towards a $949 Babylock (she said Brother and Babylock are made by the same people). That machine was very close in design and features to the Brother PC420PRW. I wanted to see this machine and called another store that sells Brother(about 45 minute drive away) and they don't stock this machine, so it took a lot of consideration for me to order this without actually being able to see it and try it out. I took a leap of faith and placed the order and I don't regret it one bit! I have sewed since I was 7 years old and have a lot of experience, I can honestly say that I couldn't be happier with my decision and would make the same choice all over again."
my second brother and i love it...
My wife wanted this machine because of a previous Brother machine which has the same leg operated attachment to raise and lower the presser foot. The previous unit was over double the price. She is VERY happy with this new machine!!!
Got it as a gift for my talented daughter.  She loves it.
"I am so happy to have this new machine. I have tried most all the stitches out now and find the machine to be all it is advertised as. Got this machine alot cheaper here than all the other places I looked at. If your looking for a good sewing machine, this will be the one you want."
I love this sewing machine.  Great product for your money.
Great machine not the easiest use
Wife loves it and all the capabilities.
"I love my machine, easy to use, good instructions in booklet and fun stitches to use."
"A great machine. An enormous step up from my previous budget matching that did not break the bank. Very capable, and so far, durable."
"Oh my, I do love my machine!  It has the coolest features for the price!  All my sewing buddies want one too!"
"The Brothers PC420PRW is so easy to operate and runs smoothly.
YES- I would recommend it!  Haven't had
a chance to try out all the stitches, but
looking forward to having a 'sewing-play day' soon."
Great machine for a great price! Love the thread cutter and the additional throat space.
"This is a great sewing machine.  I love its features, like the automatic needle threader and cutter and the variety of stitches it can do.  I make a lot of quilts and it is a real workhorse.  My only complaint is that the feed dogs, the teeth that moves the fabric along, are so recessed that they are nearly useless.  I have to pull the fabric along from the back side because the fabric will not propel itself.  The machine does comes with several attachments, including a stitch regulator which might solve this problem, but I find the size of the attachment cumbersome and don't like using it because I can't see what I'm sewing."
"3/20/2015 UPDATE: Here is an excellent video of the auto threader. Macro up close view: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GMbsvD2i1Cw

I bought mine second hand from Amazon, It works perfectly. It only needed a good wipe down and I did purchase a new bobbin case. I see the tension portion of it comes out when removing the bobbin (Screw was missing). Not a big deal. I did notice that the auto threader failed to do its job. Simple fix to that: There is a little fleck of metal (Very tiny and thin)  that got pushed to far to the right (Possible to the left). A magnifier and a hobby knife is needed along with holding the lever partially down to bring back the fleck to center it , so it can thread the eye of needle again. That little fleck runs parallel and on the inside of the right hand needle wrapper. Look for the little brass rivet and go from there. It does not take much movement to adjust it, when your done, you should notice the eye of the needle being filled."
This sewing machine is quiet and easy to use. I love the needle threading feature. The instruction booklet is written well -teaching you how to do anything that the machine is capable to do. No guess work or fear of doing something wrong with these instructions..  The range of stitches is very large and easy to program. I have sewn on thin material and also have done some quilting. Nothing has disappointed me in the way the machine handles each project.  I look forward to trying out more and more features as I progress in my sewing. I am very happy with this sewing machine.
Sew nice---but bobbin rattles too much.
"After 30 years sewing with the same machine, my mom asked this one for Christmas. She is extremely happy and satisfied!"
"It sews like a dream!!!!

I upgraded from a CS6000i (which is also a wonderful beginner machine) so I could have a machine with a larger throat space and a few more bells and whistles. I want to start by saying that I feel like I've gone from a lawn mower to a BMW. This machine is so quiet and smooth compared to my other one. I haven't had any tension problems (and I'm even using prewound bobbins with the machine.) I mainly use it for quilting and I love the extra throat space I now have. I will admit that I mostly do stitch in the ditch quilting (I just haven't mastered free motion quilting yet) but there is plenty of room to maneuver the quilt around.

I love the extra features that come with the machine. The automatic thread cutter is wonderful when quilting. I don't have to try and pull the quilt out and then snip the threads. It leaves about an inch of thread hanging, but both pieces are on the bottom so it's convenient to cut. I also love the knee lift so I have both hands to manage everything. The automatic needle threader works great! It leaves a decent loop to pull the thread the rest of the way through.

I've only had the machine for a few days, and the only thing I've had any problems with is winding the bobbin. I'm sure it's probably operator error but I had problems trying to get the thread loaded just right so it's tight enough when it winds up. Since I have an extra machine I may just use the old one for winding bobbins so I don't have to unthread this one to wind them. The only other (very small) downfall is that you cannot use the automatic threader with the walking foot. I suggest making sure it's threaded before you put the foot on.

When using the thread cutter I suggest using a piece of scrap fabric before sewing anything. Because the length of thread is so small it tends to bunch up under the edge when you start. If you don't use the thread cutter and you have a decent tail you don't have that problem. However, I consider this a very minor detail when quilting because of the pros that go with it.

I would definitely recommend this machine to anyone who wants a more advanced machine without paying an arm and leg for it."
Great! - does everything - I love the no foot pedal choice - I had a Husqvarna before and worried this would not compare - I was wrong.  This is easy and straight forward. I haven't tried all the options but so far I love it.  Good price too
Love this machine !!! Does really good for quilting....
This is the best machine I have ever had.  I love all of the utility stitches and it is so easy to thread.
My wife loves it!!
"Great sewing machine that has many more features that the one we previously had.  Only disappointment was the embroidery feature but this is not advertized as an embroidery machine.  So, overall a very nice machine."
"I've had this machine well over two years and it's still going strong. I whip out quilts (piecing and free motion quilting) about every two months so I really put it to work. I learned the hard way to STOP buying cheap thread, it really leaves a lot of lint everywhere in the machine. I've learned to gently brush out the bobbin area. I also take apart the front part of the machine where the tension disks are and gently take out any strings that may have got caught up in there. I very rarely have to adjust the tension. In the beginning I can see where people got frustrated because this can be a sensitive machine but with regular maintence and change out your needle every month or so you shouldn't have any problems. I love Brother and their simplicity."
"I have had this machine for 2-3 years and am looking for another one to replace it. While searching for good machines I saw several folks recommend this machine and so went back to look at these reviews to see what people liked about it. I am mystified that anyone is enamored with it. When it  failed on me again recently I took out my old Kenmore to finish some sewing what I was working on and was AMAZED at how much better my Kenmore straight stitched !! I have had this brother to the repair shop a couple times and the same ""failures"" repeat themselves. My main complaint is the quality of the stiches. THey are really uneven. This is the main thing it is supposed to do WELL, for heaven's sake !! The tension is often off and I have to keep adjusting it even when I am working with the same material. The thread often tangles in a wad under the plates. The automatic threader broke early on.  I had it repaired, then it broke again. It hasn't worked for months now. The stitch selections are mediocre, in my opinion. I was excited about the embroidery stitches at first, but since they don't stitch precisely, they don't look good and I end up not using them. The alphabeth etc are, as some other reviewer mentioned, ""crap"".  Sewing with it has Not been enjoyable and I am hoping to find a machine that works considerably better than this one. Even if I got a ""lemon"", the stitch/embroidery selection is Not good. The 2-1 star reviewers echo my sentiments, so I guess there are others that share my experience. I realize machines are more cheaply made these days, but I hope to find something that works more reliably and better than this!!"
Great machine for the price.  I take it everywhere and have had no problems.
"Love it! Love it! Love it! Just finished piecing my 1st king-size quilt with it. I named it ""Wolfgang"". ;)"
"I LOVE LOVE LOVE this machine.  It was fairly uncomplicated to get to know.  The extra room on the inside space makes it easier to quilt large quilts.  Threading the machine is easy.  Threading the bobbin is easy.  It's much quieter than my previous machine, and it comes with all kinds of extras!!! So far the only thing I had to buy was a 1/4 inch foot, but there is a foot in there that will do.  I use this machine primarily for quilting."
love this machine so far. This machine has done everything Ive needed so far and comes with several extra feet! Im happy!
"I bought this as a christmas gift for my fiancee and she absolutely loves it. The quality of the device really is top notch. It performs well, all of the features work straight out of the box with no extra configuration necessary. It's a very quiet machine; my fiancee is able to sew in the living room without disturbing any scenes of a movie we have playing.

We purchased the extended table attachment, but honestly that's a nice to have. The base for this machine accomodates anything she's worked on so far."
"When this machine works, it's great. Sews smoothly on different fabrics, lots of options for the stitching. I used it often for a couple of months. The trick is, as others have pointed out, it's very picky. Any little thing can go wrong and then the entire machine freezes up. I'm not a genius but I am a lawyer and know IT pretty well; I read the manual, very very carefully followed the manual in setting up the bobbins, thread, needles, etc. Then something happened; something went out of alignment somewhere, or as a Brother service rep explained on the phone, ""a tiny bit of lint or thread could be stuck in the sewing area."" Result: the motor is frozen. Machine won't work, at all. I've called the service folks; they walked me through the process of looking for that tiny bit of lint or thread, to no avail. Their only solution: take it to service center. Great. I live in Washington DC, a major metro area, should be able to find an official service center  somewhere closeby. Not so fast -- turns out, the closest service center is -- literally -- 49 miles away. I work full-time, have two busy kids, and the center is closed on Sundays. Thus, it'll never get to a service center. I would not buy this machine again. I give it two stars because when it works, it's really excellent. It's just that any tiny thing can go wrong - no matter how careful you are - and the machine doesn't work."
My favorite
"I am so happy with this purchase.  I have always used Singer Machines but I decided to try this Brother and I'm very happy I did.
It's so quiet, and very easy to use.  I hope it lasts me for a long time.  I would recommend this machine to anyone."
"My first computerized sewing machine. It's excellent and the price is phenomenal. My quilting work is miles better now, thanks to this machine."
"Love my new sewing machine. Only positive things to say about it. Very good quality from Brother. I purchased a 3 year extended warranty to ensure lots of years of use. Since computerized, I would recommend this to everyone. It is a Canopy plan ordered through Amazon. I called the Canopy Protection company enquiring and they were quick to answer phone and very helpful.
I have had this less than 1 month, and have had no problems with this machine. If you are considering this machine, I highly recommend it."
"So happy with this machine.  I have gotten back into sewing after over 20 years and my old machine gave out.  After reading many reviews on many different machines, I decided on the Brother Project Runway.  I have not been disappointed.  It is both professional quality and easy to use.  I have no complaints thus far.  I had a little trouble with the needle threader, but that was because I didn't have the needle in the right position.  Once the needle is positioned properly, it threads easily.  Would highly recommend this model."
Fantastic machine!!!
Great sewing machine and the wife loves it!!!
I really like this for the price.  It is my second brother machine.  The straight stitch can get slightly wonky if you go to fast so be careful when topstitching.  I am quite pleased with my purchase.
LOVE LOVE LOVE IT!!!!!!
"So fun to sew with this quiet, intelligent machine!  I thought I loved my old sewing machine, but this one is a joy! It threads my needle, cuts the threads when I have finished a seam, and can even embroider!  I cannot wait to complete a project on my new Brother sewing machine!"
My mother bought this for me for Christmas and I can get the automatic thread cutter to work!! The whole reason we bought it!! Do not buy this it is a waste of money!!!!!!!
Works great! My wife was so excited to find it under our Christmas tree. I scored big time this year!
I love the machine. Working on my first quilt!
Still looks good in the box! Wife hasn't opened it yet from Christmas.... :)
I upgraded from a White which I had been using for more than 25 years.  This machine was very easy to adjust to and has greatly reduced the amount of time it takes me to complete a garment.  Great investment.
Great machine! I used it to finish some last minute Christmas projects and it was a breeze. Definitely satisfied
MY WIFE HASN'T LEFT HER SEWING ROOM IN DAYS!
"When I am sewing on this machine, I can sew faster than any machine I have ever tried.  My husband was amazed with the built in needle threaders.  I just finished making PJ bottoms on it and I love it.  I also have a brother CS 6000i that I have had for 5 Years that sews fine but I misplaced the feet that came with it. I am not disappointed at all, in fact I use both machines."
Great machine!  It makes sewing easy.  Fast and simple.
"The quality of this model is so obvious. Smooth and whisper quiet. The fantastic advanced threading system and I love the way the machine tells me I have not pressed the correct button by the stop start button staying red. A really good feature. I have tested out many patterns, the alphabet and numbers and all quite beautiful. However this machine is so full of possibilities I need to familarize myself with all of them. Like all Brother machines it loves high end thread like Maderia or Robison Anton. This machine is going to be a keeper for many years. I love it."
I have been looking for a reasonable prices machine to replace my old brothers. I couldn't be more satisfied
Best purchase ever made for my craft/sewing room!! This thing runs like a dream! Makes me enjoy sewing so much more!
GRATE
"I am a fourth-generation Seamstress & this one would have been my third Brother machine. I ended up sending it back for several reasons. The stitch quality was not up to par. The needle placement was incorrect, which really surprised me. When I put my 1/4"" quilting foot on, it was off by about 1/16th of an inch. Perhaps it might not be a bother to others, but not to me. If you want precise seams, it has to be dead on. I am surprised that no one in Brother's quality control department caught the error. Maybe they could avoid this with the next model by enabling the ability to reposition the needle in increments instead of the two options that it gives. Lastly, the metal plate in front of the bobbin cover sticks up by about an eighth of an inch & I found it to be a bit annoying. None of the machines I have sewn on did this. It seemed like my fingers kept running into it & it interfered with the smooth flow of guiding the fabric through the machine."
My wife loves it
love the machine!!!
Makes sewing fun
"I sew quite a bit, upholstery, drapery, clothing, etc. and I wanted a heavy duty motor and machine.  What I got was a waste of my money.  My first upholstery project broke the machine - the timing.  It cost me $113. to repair.  I only sewed 4 times with the machine.  The repair shop said I used upholstery thread, which threw the timing off.  I went back to my project using the recommended thread and was almost finished with the last cushion when the timing broke again. I called Brother directly, Amazon said it was too old to return.  After much haggling, Brother agreed to refurbish and ship back for free.  I really don't want the machine, it obviously is too fussy to do the projects I want to do.  My old Necchi is an old powerhouse, so I'll see if it can be repaired and I'll use that.  What a waste of money and false claims as to what this machine can do."
"Great machine with a lot of useful and fun features. The machine is easy to learn to use, and the instruction booklet is well laid out and easy to find what you might be looking for. I've been using this machine for about 3 weeks and I am impressed with all that it offers. Why buy a more expensive machine if you can have it all with this one!
One thing that bugs me are the screw drivers they give you. They never really are easy to fit in the groove when you want to clean out under the plate, so keep a quarter around so you can do that easily."
IT WORKS GREAT
"It takes a while to learn to use it, but I'm not an experienced machine sewer.  I do suggest buying extra official Brother bobbins.  This has many more features than I need, but I LOVE the automatic needle threader."
this is the perfect machine for the home seamstress.  Practically everything is automatic! Feed the fabric and you have it.  I have been sewing 50 years and have never had a machine this easy to operate.  Love it !  Love it!
"I'm very happy with this machine.  It is versatile, easy to learn, comes with lots of nice presser feet, and it's quiet.  I stepped up from a very basic Brother machine, to one with a few more bells and whistles.  I did some research on this machine, and found a lot of good feedback out there.  The price was right.  What's not to love?  I sew small bags, purses, and dog accessories.  Using this machine with the included presser feet, and an Extension Table (ordered separately), has made my projects easier and better quality.  I love this one!"
My daughter's Christmas present which is keeping her busy at home with raising children and making clothing on her Etsy site.
wife loves it once we figured out a couple things
"Okay machine, did not care for the sewing and the noise.  Seems to skip stitches and the bobbin keeps jumping around.  Returned."
"Learning new machine slowly, PROS to date - very quiet, excellent bobbin winder, Threads easily with guide on machine and I love the button to raise the needle.  CONS - seems everything is on the left?, and I'm a rightie, Seam measurement plate is behind? the pressure foot, not much of a guide when you begin sewing, your fabric covers the plate.

I'm just an average quilter, so I have only used the straight stitch, have not tried the other stitches yet.  Has plenty of options, and I rated it 4 stars because of the CONS listed above.  Overall satisfied with the machine."
Love my new machine runs quite and is so fun to use
"This machine is everything I'd hoped it would be and more. I haven't done a whole lot on it yet but I love it's ease of use for quick sewing jobs.
I will be a grandma in January so I look forward to doing many projects on it! :)"
"I have been using this sewing machine for a little over 2 years now.  I do like having a push button start, but there are some issues with this machine.  It loves to eat thin fabrics.  I will be sewing away, and all of a sudden the fabric will be pulled down into the hole in the needle plate.  The buttonholes are useless.  If the area to be stitched is only a couple of layers, and is not near a seam, then it makes a nice buttonhole.  However, the foot gets hung up on even slightly thicker fabrics, and any seam allowances that might be in the way.  I have made several really nice items only to have them ruined when stitching the buttonholes because it either stitches over and over in the same spot, or makes a buttonhole shaped like a square numeral 6."
I am really enjoying this.
Wife loves it.
"It's OK , I liked it ."
"I've never owned a sewing machine that has cost more than $200 and I didn't realize how much I had been missing out on until I got this machine!  I've been sewing for over 50 years and have made my machines (White and then a Singer) last.  The features offered on the PC420PRW are incredible & it's extremely intuitive and user-friendly.  After using a machine that often required tension adjustments, thread breaking with rethreading the needle & the amount of time wasted with these issues, I must say WHAT A PLEASURE to be able to sew without the continual ""fixing"" of these ""little"" issues!  The automatic needle threader, the cutting of the lowing & upper threads, the excellent tension & uniformity of stitches makes this so worth the money!!!  Best price was on Amazon! The only thing I'd like to see added the package is a brief instructional dvd to assist with initial use (bobbin winding, threading, explaining how to change feet, settings) etc."
so far....I'm very pleased!!!
My mother liked it
Wife Loves This Machine and uses it all the Time
Love this machine! It is well worth the price and works wonderfully! I am sewing a quilt at the moment and it barely makes any sound while sewing even on the highest speed. I am still learnig all the stitches but I couldn't ask for a better machine for the price.
"Very good machine, runs smoothly and all the stitches are consistent."
I am pleased with the machine. Sews very nice.
"This machine is truly like a dream! My daughter searched for a long time to find the perfect sewing machine and she loves it! It sews, monograms, embroiders and so much more. The features on this machine are incredible, especially for the price. My daughter has more feet (sewing machine feet that is) than she ever imagined; though it is sure to come to good use one day."
"I've been sewing for over 50 years and have owned many machines, including old Singers, Viking, White, and another Brother machine, the CS 6000T. I am surprised that a machine of this quality is sold for the price. Sews beautifully on everything I have tried, including attaching heavy elastic. Easiest threading ever and I love the self-threading needle.  The improved horizontal thread feed makes it sew better than the old type vertical spool feed.  It has adjustable pressure for the presser foot, something some of the cheaper machines don't have. I like the special compartments in the storage to hold the various feet which makes it easy to keep them organized. Time will tell if it holds up, but so far,  I'm very pleased.

UPDATE 9/29/14
Stil thrilled with my purchase. Have made several garments, pillow covers, and done alterations. Have used embroidery stitches on a T shirt. This machine never has problems with stitching so far. Easy to thread and smooth."
so good
Within the first week it started skipping stitches and had to take it to be repaired.
"This is a wonderful sewing machine! It does all the normal stitches very well....and many more options. Some have complained about it not sewing - rethread the machine. Occasionally I will have an issue, but when I rethread it...it works perfectly.
So glad I purchased this model!!!"
Love this machine but I need more time to learn all it's functions. Maybe a lesson or two might speed up the process
"Great sewing machine, except that the automatic thread cutter is no longer cutting the bobbin thread. Will have to replace the cutter. I love Brother sewing machines."
"Had one little thing go wrong the first week with the bobbin thread getting snarled up, took it to an authorized dealer and wouldn't you know that it worked perfectly. So now if I have an issue I just as with any computer, ""reboot"", turn it off wait a few seconds and turn it on again. Seems to clear any problem (so far this has worked). All in all it's a wonderful machine. Very user friendly."
2 words --- Love it
"Got this machine to take to class, it's lightweight, fits in my big Brother trolly & has so many functions that work just like my big machine.  Presser feet are interchangeable so I don't have to buy 2 brands anymore.  Lighting is great.  Love that Amazon sells it."
"I bought the PC-420 PRW earlier this year after my CS-6000i of 2 years went caput. (To be clear, I'm not upset about the CS-6000i malfunctioning - when you pay $150 for a machine you can only expect so much.) Anyway, I was strongly leaning toward the Janome Memory Craft 6300 and even went to buy one in person. I ended up leaving simply because I couldn't justify spending $1000 on a sewing machine. I came across the PC-420 and realized it had all of the features of the Janome (thread cutter, knee lever, speed & heft) at a third of the price. (And, I just really like Brother machines.)

I'm very pleased with this machine. It sews through heavy and light materials with each (use the right needle!), is easy to thread, and I love all of the stitch options, although as a garment sewer I don't use all of them. This also includes some monogram stitches which are fun to use. Changing the presser foot is easy and I was pleased that all I had purchased prior fit onto this machine as well.

This machine has three speeds, but I find the middle one is plenty fast unless I have a long straight seam. There is a special basting stitch which goes to 7 mm in length which is nice, or you can elongate the regular to 5.0. The needle position moves fully from left to right, and the twin needle works well. The zig-zag stitches are nice and even and work well on knit fabrics.

Overall, for the price, this is one great machine with a ton of features. I thought I desperately needed a knee lever but it turns out I don't use it too much. Really consider what features you *need* when you're shopping for a machine. I think it's easy to get overwhelmed and excited when you see a fancy machine in person, but you really need some discernment. I'm pleased that I bought a great machine and still had most of my money left.

As always, this arrived quickly and in good shape."
Love it!
"I really love this machine! It is great for home sewing and for classes! Easy to use and has so many stitches and features!
It also has on the screen a tutorial of how to thread the machine and it has memory for stitches to save! I would highly recommend this machine for a beginner or a advanced sewer or quilter!"
after one year i can say that this is a great sewing machine and i'm really glad i chose this one. very easy to work on and with. it's my first sewing machine and it was very easy to start with it.
"My last sewing machine was one step up from manual.  So this one is great.  I just wish it came with a DVD to show how to do everything, I hate reading directions and it's a LOT of reading."
Well to be honest I have not used it but I did rate it excellent because my sister has the same one and I love hers  and cannot wait until I get started on it
"I have a sewing school.  I've been sewing for over 40 years.  I have an earlier version of this machine,  a few months ago, it was feeding the fabric badly.  So, I sent it in for repair and found out that it needed a new gear which cost $20.  Unfortunately, to take out the gear and replace it was going to entail taking apart the machine and putting it back together for labor costs over $300.

I had been using my machine for over 10 years.  So, I decided to order the new model from Amazon.  I don't know how they can offer this machine, new, for such an amazing price.  And, they include some excellent pressed feet and accessories.  You get a walking foot, adjustable zipper/cording foot, Teflon foot, and some other stuff you rarely get in a machine nowadays.

Brother has designed the best, unflappable needle threading system ever!  And so, if you have a hard time seeing to thread the needle, there is no learner's curve on this one.  The only thing you need to do, is to make sure that the needle is in the up position, determined by the machine.  So, push the button with the needle symbol on it two times, then follow the threading path, depress the threading lever with confidence and it shoots a nice, big thread loop through the eye of the needle,

You'll love the thread cutting button, the 294 stitch library and the ease of using this machine.  There are 10 shortcut buttons on the front of the machine that take you to the most commonly used stitches.  The screen tells you what pressed foot to use, and you can change the default setting very easily.  There is a knee lift for the pressed foot and so much more.  I have gone through 3 Pfaffs, and two Berninas during the decade plus that I have had this machine.  I don't plan to ever give it up.  It's well designed and very easy to use.  My daughter was 4 when I bought my first, which was an NX 400.  In no time, she was writing notes to me and her dad using the alphabet feature.  She figured it out without any help from me.  She is now 15 and still loves this machine.

I could go on, but if you are looking for a great machine at an even better price, don't look any further.  I often recommend this to my students and they all love it.  No complaints."
"When it works it works great.  Tension is extremely finicky.  I was going to return it but had a family emergency so did not get a chance to.  However, after the emergent situation was taken care of I tried the machine again and it worked fine - I'm just afraid to alter the tension now."
"I shopped a local Brother sewing machine dealer, and then  shopped some online stores to know what machine I wanted.  Once I knew the machine, I shopped for price.  I was very pleased with the price and service that I received at Amazon."
LOVE IT! So much cheaper and all brand new!  I looked everywhere to check price.  No whereelse came close.  I sew everyday machine has helped to bring fun back to sewing!
"I did a LOT of research on sewing machines (even Berninas) before making this purchase.  For the money and the amount of time I have to sew, this was a GREAT purchase.  it has given me nothing but nice outcomes with straight stitches.  I am very pleased with it - have had it almost 3 years and have made several quilts, skirts, purses, make up cases, etc. with it.  It has seen a lot of projects so far!"
"I love the machine but it was missing some parts that were supposed to be included. Specifically, one of the bobbins was for another brand of machine and really messed me up when I was trying to finish a quilting project.

then the extra spool pin was missing too.  And I believe one of the needles in the case.  Other than that, I really love the machine.  I'm currently having some trouble with the thread cutter on certain types of threads, but I think that's just me needing to learn more about this machine.

I'm really happy about my upgrade from my middle of the line singer machine.  This one helps me to be a better sewer.  I had it working just a few minutes after having the box opened and was able to thread it without any trouble because of the instructions on the machine.  Threading the bobbins is super easy too.  Much more efficient than my other machine.

I LOVE the thread cutter when it is working properly.

I did have a little trouble changing the needle as there is a flimsy metal part that I couldn't tell if the needle was supposed to go through or around, did I bend it?  I'm not sure.  Panic mode, no, it's okay, I didn't bend it.  Leave it alone.  ....this was all very stressful when trying to just change a needle."
"After doing my proper due diligence, I decided on this machine.  Not just for all the fantastic features it offers.  That alone would have sold me. I mean really, this baby does everything but make me a cup of tea!  And the features are really easy to use too.  But mostly because of this consistent glowing reviews.  I went to several different sites to see what people had to say about this machine and most everyone had nothing but positive things to say about it.  Now that I have the machine, I am totally in love with it!  So my next decision was, who would I buy it from....  Amazon clearly had the best price on a new machine.  However, they also offer used and refurbished machines. So, I decided to purchase a used machine for a little more than a $100 less than their price for a new machine and I am quite happy with my purchase. So, buy this machine! Trust me.....you will not be sorry."
"I am new to sewing actual garments and have only messed around with other sewing machines in the past.  I found this machine easy to use, after reading the manual a couple of times, and have not experienced any of the issues I have rad about in other reviews.

Currently I am working with fleece and satin fabrics, and the machines handles both just fine."
"My son got this machine for me from my Amazon Wish List!  It works great.  It is amazingly quiet.  The instructions, which include many languages, were easy to follow, plus threading diagrams are on the machine.  It was easy and fast to wind a bobbin.  It was easy to insert the bobbin, and easy to thread the top thread.  The needle threader is amazing!  Snap, and it's threaded!

My favorite feature is that it cuts the thread for me!  LOVE that!  It makes sewing lots of small things so much faster.  The basic buttons are exactly where they need to be--within quick reach.  The function buttons are all the basic stitches, and believe it or not, I could manage the special feature buttons!  If you can manage a cell phone or tv remote that has the circle of direction buttons around the OK button, you can find and select the special stitches that this machine can do.  Plus you can vary the width and length of stitches with those same buttons.  I was so glad I didn't have to struggle to find or use the special stitches.

I haven't tried using the memory feature which will enable me to combine stitches, but then I have only had this since Mother's Day!

I didn't think I'd like pushing a button to make the machine go and stop, (I've used a foot pedal my whole life) but I discovered I like it very much.  I sew in a confined area, so getting the foot pedal in the correct position on the floor under my foot has always been a problem.  Without the foot pedal, I can sew just by pushing the button!  I don't have to worry where my feet are.  It's a little tricky remembering to push the button to stop, but I manage!  I also haven't tried the knee lift lever yet because of the tight squeeze where I'm sitting.  I think I might like it too when I take time to learn how it works.

The machine came with lots of feet that store in the cubby hole in front.  There's room enough under the tray for more feet.  At first I had trouble lining up the edges of various feet to do a task, such as stitch 1/4"" seams.  But I discovered that the needle, when starting from the far left position can be moved to the right with the right-arrow button to any position I need.  This is helping me select the exact position for top stitching too.

The stitch button that makes the machine go and stop has a lighting system, red, green, and yellow.  If I am trying to do a special stitch, but I've forgotten to ""select"" it, the button remains red and I can't stitch.  The screen has a reminder message to help me remember what to do.  The button is red when the presser foot is up and you shouldn't be stitching, but turns green when the presser foot is down.  This might seem rather elementary to an experienced seamstress, but if I'm trying new things, I don't mind a little help or a reminder.  I think this would be useful to someone new to machine sewing.

I also like how easy it is to change feet.  There is a button on the back of the foot holder that releases the foot.  Then you line up the little bar of a different foot under the foot holder and when you have it right, it goes together perfectly.

I selected this particular machine for its features and price.  I wanted lots of special stitches, plus thread cutting.  I'm very happy with it.  I immediately ordered extra bobbins (4 is not enough!!!) and some specialty feet.

It came super fast, very well packaged, and was a delightful, thoughtful surprise.

Thanks, Son!

IMPORTANT UPDATE!  6/21/2014, I've had this machine a month and it's working great.  I tried the free motion foot with the feed dogs down, and it was a lot of fun to finish a quilt like that.  But THEN the feed dog switch didn't seem to work.  I couldn't get the feed dogs to come back up, so I did a QUICK search online.  HERE IS WHAT YOU DO!  put the feed dog switch in the up position, and with the machine ON, turn the hand wheel toward yourself and the feed dogs will come up.  PHEW!  I didn't want to drive 35 miles to the nearest service center just to find out that.

I'm happy!"
"<div id=""video-block-RJ64BQ3DKUDDF"" class=""a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block""></div><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/E1ccTxjBXqS.mp4"" class=""video-url""><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/01GOIGMmlZS.png"" class=""video-slate-img-url"">&nbsp;This video compares 4 sewing machines, side by side in the $250-$500 price bracket. There were actually 8 machines altogether in the testing but I split them into two groups, 'Under $250' and '$250-$500'. If you want to see the 'Under $250' it posted under the winner, Brother Laura Ashley CX155 LA.

<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Laura-Ashley-Limited-Edition-CX155LA-Computerized-Sewing-Quilting-Machine-with-Built-in-Font-for-Basic-Monogramming/dp/B00G3K83DC/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Laura Ashley Limited Edition CX155LA Computerized Sewing & Quilting Machine with Built-in Font for Basic Monogramming</a>

It all started with the need to purchase 2 new machines for my sewing studio (I teach sewing). I bought 2 machines on Black Friday based on good prices and the information from the respective company websites. The information was wrong and both machines went back. At that point, I decided to do a side by side comparison between a series of machines, and keep the best two. Actually, I wound up keeping 3:))

TESTING:
The video shows highlights and you can hear some of the machines in action but there is no way to pack 28 days of testing into 5 minutes of video:)) What is written below are the some of the comments that are not covered.

Seams:
*5/8""

All 4 machines produced a perfect 5/8"" seam. What I loved, loved, loved about the Singer is that it came with a clear 5/8"" guide foot that helps the sewer to stitch perfect seams. This is ideal for new sewers, and when working with difficult fabrics, as the guide provides an edge to place the fabric against. WINNER: Singer 9970

*1/4"" All the machines were able to do this. Surprisingly, the Brother PC420PRW did not come with a 1/4"" foot! Ugh! PRW is supposed to stand for Project RunWay - French Seams are part of fashion and start with 1/4"" seams so I was astonished that the foot was not there. That said, the other 3 machines were easier to work with for this test, and thus produced a more accurate seam. In order to decide, I took a sewing gauge and measured. The Juki and Janome both were spot on at 3/16"". TIE

Pull Test
By no means scientific, this test involves trying to pull the 5/8"" seam stitched above apart. They all held beyond my puny strength. Good enough.

Noise:

To really gauge this the machines all need to be side by side and running. This was the toughest test to do. I put a long length of cotton in and set each machine going using the auto on feature. The quietest machines were Brother and Singer. I gave it to the Singer after a few more minutes of listening. The Juki HZL-K85 was the loudest due to the box feed system.

Lighting:

Wonderful lighting on all machines in this price bracket compared to the $250 group. I could comfortably sew at night without glasses for the most part. A huge relief for strained eyes. The brightest machine was actually the Singer.

Overall Ease of Use:

This machine is easy to use but I found scrolling through the LCD screens a bit frustrating. Once the stitch is selected however, it is simple to use and a pleasure to work with.

Threading:

Covered briefly in the video - showing Brother as #1 but the automatic needle threaders on the other machines really are pitiful by comparison.

In the end I chose to keep the Singer 9970 and returned this one for two simple reasons. 1) On day 28 (30 days to return) the foot controller went on this machine. I could not get it to work for love nor money. 2) The Singer performed better on two key stitching test; the buttonhole test and the hand look quilting stitch. The additional purchase of the extension table makes the two comparative in price but the Singer was just a better machine for my needs."
"Easy to use, good instructions. Consistent thread tension. Don't have all the stitches mastered yet but I  am confident I will be able to master them!"
This machine was easy to use.  I love all the decorative stitches.  It is a dependable machine that can be taken to sewing classes.
So far a great machine for the price you pay.  It does just enough to make everything you want.  I really like the walking foot!
"I love it! I tried other machines but I keep coming back to Brothers! I have 2 Singer embroidery machines & I don't like them so, they just might go in a yard sale this year!  If you are going to invest in a machine get this one! I couldn't be happier!
Don't get frustrated any more  this is the only one I would go with!"
"I spent months reviewing machines on line. And of course,All the ones I liked had a big fat price tag. The brother pc-420 had all the perks I wanted with the price I could afford. I've had the machine for 33 days now. And have sewn on it everyday. SO FAR SO GOOD.I'm vary happy so far. And i bought mine from amazon And I'm pleased with the service i have received."
"I have had this machine for three years and it has it's pros and cons. I mainly use it for costume design, appliqu and making clothing. My common fabrics are cottons, Lycra, satin, cotton sateen, fleece, suiting, linings, ect. My main stitches are straight and zigzag with occasional use of triple stitch and a decorative stitches.
On the positive side, it's easy to use, has a lot of stitch options, comes with a good selection of feet, functions well on basic straight stitch sewing and has an extensive manual.
On the negative side it has a lot of bobbin issues, tension issues, the zigzag stitch skips a lot, the automatic cutter doesn't always function properly and you can't oil it yourself, you have to take it to a professional. I've started to use knits and appliqu a lot in the past year and if you are planning on using the zig zag stitch a lot or sewing with stretch fabrics, please don't buy this machine. I have had it maintenanced on a regular basis, used stretch specific needles, adjusted the tension, re-threaded it multiple times, used quality thread, lowered the sewing speed and the zig stitch still always skips every 5 or so stitches on knits. When I try to appliqu with fleece with a zigzag it will not only skip stitches, but the lower thread will jam up and make loud noises. The bobbin also jams up on straight stitches and cotton too. The bobbin case is just horribly designed on this machine and always gives me problems. My mother has this same exact machine and it has the exact same issues, so not just mine. I've sewn on plenty of other machines and not has these problems. It's possible that the bobbin winder isn't winding it tight enough, so I'm going to try winding on a different machine and see if that helps, but I'm not hopeful. I just payed $100 to get it maintenanced by a licensed Brother shop and told them of the problems, but as soon as I got it back the zig zag issues were still there.
Moral of the story is it's great for basic straight stitch sewing on non-knits, but 70% of my projects are knits and zig zags, so it causes a lot of headaches for me personally."
Works great! I had an old Singer machine that wasn't working like it should when I purchased this one. I fell in love with it. It does so much more that I imagined!
"So far it is everything I wanted and more.  It is user friendly as stated, easy to read instructions, makes beautiful button holes, monograms, and the decorative stitches are fun and easy.  I ordered the piecing foot and am working on a quilt which is just plain fun.  I had my other machine for 40 years, I hope this one lasts at least half as long."
"I do not really know how to sew yet. I bought this so I could learn to sew since I thought that would be nice to learn since I now have free time since I just retired. I do not plan to sew dresses from scratch. That would be too ambitious for me. However, I thought I could use it to sew hems on dresses when I shorten the hems on long gowns and maxi dresses that I buy. I thought it had a hem stitch ( not the simple straight stitch used when the fold of the hem is so thin)  like the ones they have on store bought dresses. I am disappointed in this because it does not have that so I ended up sewing the hems manually when I need to shorten the hem.  However, I bought Martha Stewart's  book on sewing. I plan to make upholstery covers for our dining room chairs and also table placemats. I have not had any problems with the machine itself. It works fine so far."
I love this machine!  I am still fairly new to sewing but this sewing machine is amazing! It is quiet compared to the other machine I have.  Using the computerized functions are very convenient.  The speed setting is great.  Not to mention all the different feet it comes with.
"I researched different machines and it came down to the Brother and the Janome.  I finally decided on the Brother because it offered more features.  I had a Singer for the past 15 years which was a workhorse.  So far this machine (after 15 sewing hours) has done everything perfectly.  Don't expect to sit down and start sewing because there are so many features, you have to learn.  Don't be discouraged, I recommend a scrap piece of fabric to try the many feet and stitches until you are comfortable.  My favorites are the features I never thought I would use; the auto thread cutter and the auto speed.  I thought I would like the control of the foot pedal but the auto speed is great for having one less thing to do.  I read reviews that criticized that you have to start on the material but I have not found that to be a problem and the seams are perfect.  The manual could be better if they put all the charts together because you have to use the correct needle for the fabric, the correct foot for the fabric and the correct tension (all in different parts of the manual).  I have a Bernina that I use for embroidery that figures that all out for me."
"Since my purchase of this Brother sewing machine I have made a quilt, a purse and have done several repair projects. My Brother has done everything I have asked of it without any glitches. I am accustomed to knots, thread breaking and assorted other aggravations on my previous sewing machine. What a relief!  The self threading needle is great. Be sure to follow the instructions in the guide and it works every time.
I think this Brother sewing machine is a wonderful purchase!"
"I have never used a sewing machine before.  My Grandmother was an incredible seamstress, I watched her a lot.  I bought this in order to make curtains for my 10 cabins at the resort that I own.  I got tired of replacing mini-blinds.  The directions were great and the machines ease of use is awesome.  Needless to say the cabins offer a very distinctive glow now that they have their own each individual themes(raccoon, wolf, fish, bears, etc.).  Highly recommend this sewing machine."
I choose this rating because this by far one of the best sewing machine I have ever sew on.  I like that it sew everything from light weigh to very heavy denim type materials and also the 3 types of speed.  I would recommend this sewing machine (Brother Project Runway PC420PRW) to my family and friend because it is the best sewing machine I have ever sew on.
"Still getting used to idea of not needing to use a foot pedal but it does a great job, I am very satisfied and pleased with it."
"I was SO impressed with this machine when I first got it.  Its quiet, easy to use, sews a beautiful stitch, has automatic thread cutter (OMG) and of course needle threader.  I bought this as a back up to my regular machine a Bernina 430; to take to classes, etc. While my machine is being cleaned/serviced have been using this nearly every day for the last 3 weeks.  Working on piecing a quilt with cotton fabric...the problem is that it does not seem to want to go over the seams!  We're not talking heavy layers of fabric here...not even talking about quilting.  I'm talking about where the seams for one block intersect with another. Every time I get to a seam it wants to hang up and just stitch over and over in the same spot.  I have to raise the needle, move the fabric a smidgeon to force it to move forward. I have tried the regular straight stitch foot, their 1/4"" piecing foot, I've increased the presser foot pressure, I am using HIGH quality thread and fabric, cleaning before each sewing session, using good needles, etc.  Nothing makes much difference. I've pretty much done everything I can do to trouble shoot it, so now it comes down to whether or not I think that this machine is going to hang in there with me for the long haul and whether I can live with this idiosyncrasy...I'm thinking probably not. So I'm sad this didn't work out...but still want to love it. Call me crazy."
"I love the sewing machine except for one thing.  I usually use a 1/4"" foot for piecing quilts.  Most all the time; leave it on the machine.  This machine has a default needle position to the left.  So if I leave the quarter inch foot on the machine, when I turn it on, it breaks the needle.  So I have to remember to take off the foot when I'm finished sewing; replace the foot when I resume (after turning on the machine) and reset the needle position to middle.  I'm sure I'll get used to this procedure and it will become routine.  Everything else is great.  It just seems like they could have a way to reset the default to the middle needle position."
Best sewing machine I've ever used . . .  Well worth the money and I would recommend it to anyone.  Just the automatic thread cutter and automatic needle threader are worth the money!
"I have had my machine for about a month and made several projects on it.  I absolutely love it.  I feel like I have come into the 21st century with my new machine.  I love the self threader that works every time. The needle up or down feature is a big help.  You'll never have to touch the wheel again.  The thing I like the most is the automatic thread cutter.  I have wasted so much thread in the past having to pull enough out so the needle wouldn't unthread when I put it down into my material to start stitching.  I found the instructions easy to follow and very clear.  I have tried all the decorative stitches and they are beautiful.  I would recommend this machine to anyone who enjoys sewing, because it will only add to your enjoyment.  Joyce"
I haven't had it long enough to really super test it but I am so happy with it so far!  I have started making t-shirt quilts and my old machine just couldn't handle it.  So far this machine is great and doing well with the quilts.  I am still learning the different stitches and when and how to use them.
This is the best machine for the money. It has needle down and automatic threader....It does a lot that more expensive machines offer
"I absolutely love this machine - it is silent, the cutter, the automatic threader  and the way you can lift the foot with the knee are all great.
I also like the fact that it has a cover, so it does not get dust on the thread.
I would rather get a table extension as oppose to a cover case, since my machine is always ready for action and I do not use the case at all.
Although I like the automatic threader it takes a forceful push to thread the machine and I am reluctant do do it every time. On the demonstrations, it looks like a lot easer to pull that level down!
I would and have already recommended for a friend."
"I had thought that this brand was inferior until I did some research and found that they have some basic machines and then they have better machines.  This is definitely a better machine,  So easy to learn this machine,  it is quiet, sews great and straight, and the needle threader works every time!!!"
"Fun machine, great selection of stitches. A little surprised it doesn't come with a 1/4"" seam, piecing foot, but so far it has made good quality stitches, tension just right, even, and the decorative stitches are really pretty. I like the knee lifter for the pressed foot, the start-stop button and most of all the speed selector. I hated trying to control the speed with the pedals on my two Singer machines and the stitch quality and tension was always a problem on the Singers. This is my first Brother machine and I am very happy with this purchase so far."
I HAVE NOT EVEN TRIED TO USE THIS YET AND PURCHASED IT OVER 3 YEARS AGO I AM ASSUMING IT IS GREAT
"This is a beautiful sewing machine for standard sewing, including quilting.  After using a Babylock for many years until the LED light failed, I was unhappy at not having all four buttons (start/stop, needle up/down, reverse sewing, and thread cutter) that I was used to depending on.  This machine even went one step further in providing a knee lifter for the presser foot, which I have found to be needed by me because the Manual states clearly not to press the thread cutter button until the presser foot is up.  So I am training myself to use the following steps using the buttons on the machine:  sew, stop, cut thread, raise foot, remove fabric, drop foot.  There are many other functions that I have yet to learn and I am looking forward to it because I have fallen in love with this sewing machine."
"I thought I would love this machine, as the knee lift is great, thread cutter is great, just remember to pull top thread  out more before sewing again. It's a great machine, except....I have had to take the throat plate off so many times due to thread jams being caught.
I bought all new bobbins and needles that are specifically meant for this machine, hoping it would help. It has hindered me so much in my sewing...I wouldn't recommend it to anyone and am getting rid of it."
"I like the style of the machine, the easy threading.  I like the way you can cut the thread. I like the many things it can do."
"I haven't used the machine as much as I have my older ones, but I am very impressed after a few weeks of ownership.  For the price of this machine, there are a great many functions that work as well or better than my machines that cost several thou.  Needle up/down button, thread cutter, 15 needle positions, programmable decorative stitch, good lighting, more feet than I expected including a walking foot, you don't have to oil it, the motor purrs as it stitches, and there's room in the belly compartment for almost all attachments that came with it, .  (I could not fit the extra spool pin, and of course no one should try to fit the foot controller, in that small compartment.)

It also does not appear to be picky about what kinds of thread I use, and I have tested that.  It handles everything from old, slubby, brittle cotton thread to thin embroidery thread without fussing.

This is not an embroidery machine, however, but feed dogs do lower for free motion embroidery if someone has the talent.  I haven't yet tested that for free motion quilting, but that's on my near future list.  I'll try to update the review as I learn more about it."
"I've had this machine for going on 5 years now and I still love it. It's very much user friendly. I run a business selling my sewn bags and use my machine several times a week. I've never had any problems with it. I will probably use this machine until it dies.

I love the speed-control. It was helpful when I was first getting started. I sew a ton of zippers and it handles the zippers like a champ!

Overall me and my Brother have bonded quite well and I dread the day she finally does wear out and I'll have to buy a new one. I don't foresee that happening any time soon, though."
I love sewing on this machine.. what a difference. I love Brother. It is smooth and does all thicknesses of fabric.. Love it..
It has taken little bit to get used to. Not used to all the buttons. Went from a 20 year old simple sewing machine to this. Little scary at first but feeling better about it now. Haven't had any problems with it. Sews really nice.
"I needed to make buttonholes in some shirts, and my Juki has developed problems with it's electronic system. This machine had good reviews on several sites, so I decided to give it a try. So far I'm happy with it. It is not as strong as my old mechanical Elna, and does struggle with some of the heavier projects. I sew on a daily basis, and always have a couple of machines set up at the same time. I'm using this Brother for the lighter things, and the Elna for the heavy stuff, and it is working out quite well.

It seems to be best on quilt-weight cottons and dress weight fabrics. The stitching is even, and it makes pretty good buttonholes, which is what I needed. I haven't had it long enough to know how durable the electronic system is. My Juki developed problems when it was only 4 years old; I hope this Brother lasts longer, but there's no way to tell at this point."
"Really enjoying the sewing machine. Iist is quiet, easy to use and great.  I am using it to quilt. Just fantanstic"
"Purchased for my wife as she is a fan of Project Runway.  She really enjoys this machine.  The computerized ""Letters"" is very small letters, so maybe to put your name/initials in your underwear."
"I am very happy with this purchase, the features are fantastic, it sews at the  push of a button. It also threads it self! I love this purchase."
"I read my manual book first  ,then I tried many stitches. I was impressed. I have just completed 2 aprons with the machine. I think it did a good job but the power is not there to go through 4 layers of fabric. Also I was afraid I would sew through my fingers with the machine when I did not use the foot pedal. I think more practice is needed. My next project is button holes. I do love this machine .My 13 year old granddaughter  was very impressed but I told her my old manual is the one she will use when she comes over.  I plan on using this machine a lot. Ann 64 years old."
"This is my first computerized sewing machine and I couldn't have made a better choice for myself.  I have a small manual Janome which is a terrific machine. I had it for several years and I love it. However, it only has 12 stitches and is very limited. I started taking sewing classes at our local Hancock Fabrics and quickly realized I was ready to move to a computerized machine.  I reviewed lots of machines in several brands. I did many ""test drives"" before I determined that this Brother was the one for me.  It is very versatile and easy to use. The threader is the coolest thing I've ever seen! The thread jumps through the eye of the needle. Love that! I've set mine so that it will automatically reinforce the stitches at the beginning and end of my line as well as cut the thread at the end. There are nearly 300 stitches loaded including some lettering. The drop in bobbin couldn't be easier. It comes with 11 presser feet and a really cool knee lifter attachment that allows you to keep both hands on your piece when turning.  I've now had my Brother for several months and used for a weekly sewing class and have sewed many, many projects on it. I seriously have NO NEGATIVE comments about this machine.  The price from Amazon using Prime made it the most competitive. Amazon customer service was terrific. I'm so glad I bought this machine!"
Machine works beautifully. One must carefully read the directions when winding the bobbin or it will get gnarled up. The needle threaded must be in the proper position to work. Negative reviewers cited these problems but were operator error.
"Great machine. Does everything I need/ wanted for a great price. Decent throat space for rotating projects. No issues so far. Love having hard case, extra feet, and presser foot adjustment. As well as knee lift and the wide variety of stitches. Auto thread cutter, auto back stitch, and electronic stitch selections are my fav. I always leave speed on fastest (not when bobbin winding) and adjust speed with petal. It's not to sensitive or not enough, just right. Price is great for a machine with this many features!"
"This machine is wonderful! I was somewhat daunted by the thick operations manual, thinking it would take me six months to become comfortable with the machine, but that was not the case. Yes, I read the manual first, and there is a definite learning curve. However I have been sewing happily for hours for the past several days. [I should probably add a few items of information. I have been sewing with a 50 year old Singer which had become extremely frustrating for me, as I have macular degeneration and have a significant loss of vision.] The PC 420 is so easy to thread, and I love the needle threader. I have been helped by the fact that Brother makes the whole operations manual available as a PDF, so I could download it to my computer and enlarge it. That helped a lot.

There are so many things to love about the PC 420: the ease of threading, as I said, the easy bobbin filling, the thread cutter, the ease of selecting different stitches, and on and on. The machine is quiet, and it even tells you when you are doing something wrong or need to change something. One of the significant reasons that I bought this particular machine is that the it has a premium warranty, which means that the machine and its electronics are covered for two years, not just one.

Yesterday my husband came in, kissed me and said, ""I'm so glad you have a new machine. You've been sewing for several hours, and I haven't heard any crying or any swearing."" This sewing machine is everything I wanted, and I am totally happy with it."
"I really didn't expect much from this machine, but I have been so pleasantly surprised by the versatility and easy of threading, winding the bobbin and much more.  I was able to make 3 pair of pj bottoms in less than 30 minutes each - not a bit of problem.  The machine is easy to use and appears to be very durable.  I'm surprised by the quality of brother and if it wasn't for project runway I don't know that I would have ever given it a try."
"I have had a Riccar sewing machine for the last 29 years which I loved so much, but in the last several months it started having problems getting the stitches right and my straight stitch became a shallow zigzag. The machine did not owe me anything because I sew so much, but I was devastated when I found that these machines were no longer available. It took me months of looking at machines and reading reviews before I bought this machine and I will say that I am not sorry that I did. This machine goes through heavy layers of fabric without problems and the stitching is really beautiful. Of course I love all of the gadgets that make sewing much easier for me, LOL!"
"I upgraded to this sewing machine to have the fancy stitches and alphabets available so I wouldn't have to disconnect the embroidery arm of my machine.  It is a quiet machine and has the nice needle threader similar to my Innovis1250, flunk the lever and needle is threaded!  I love being able to press the scissors button and threads are cut and you can start sewing in another spot (good for quilting or sewing rows of fancy stitches). 294 stitches includes each letter/number of each alphabet, probably really about 130 fancy stitches including buttonholes and darning.  Many nice stitches to use on projects.  Wish it had more storage for custom stitches, only 5 can be stored.  Brother sewing machines are very user friendly and this one is a joy to have!"
I gave it 5 stars because it so easy to use. I would recommend this to a beginner its so easy.. I saw a lot of reviews saying the automatic needle threader would break or not work amd would magicly fix it self the needle threader dose not work with all he sewing feet so keep that in mind. Other wise I love love this machine
"This is an amazing machine for lightweight materials and decorative sewing.  But it will not handle more than two layers of heavyweight fabrics like denim.  I tried to hem some jeans with it but it simply could not handle sewing through all the denim, especially when it came to the folded seams.  But not all machines will sew everything.  You would not be able to sew silk safely with an industrial denim-sewing machine. I would not even attempt to sew seat covers with this machine. So it all depends on the application that you give your machine.  I own 15 sewing machines, most of them vintage.  But this Brother machine is for all my fancy, lightweight sewing.  I love the threading feature, vast array of decorative stitches and all the feet that come with it. The computerized features make it very easy to use.  It takes just a couple of days to get the hang of it.  I have found many inexpensive, generic brand feet that fit it perfectly. I bought mine about three years ago and it has performed flawlessly. Also, the price has dropped  $97 in that time here in Amazon."
"I love this machine. It has a very nice even stitch, and the sewing lines are straight (not uneven or irregular). I especially liked that it came with a walking foot. (I paid a LOT for my Bernina walking foot). After a very little practice, threading the machine, both the bobbin and the top thread, is a delight. You literally just drop the bobbin in, and you are ready to sew. The auto threader for the top thread never misses (unlike my Bernina threader that is hit or miss).

The one feature that has disappointed me is the method for putting on some of the feet. Many of the feet just snap on, which is great. But the one I use the most, the walking foot, has to be put on with a screw driver, and the screw falls out, and it is near impossible to get it back in and hold the foot on at the same time. A few other feet are like this, too. But I can live with this.

Also, don't be fooled into thinking that this machine has a lot of fancy stitches. There are really very few when you try to find one that will fit what your specific need. The decorative stitches are mostly single line stitching, not heavy satin type stitching like they are on more advanced machines. But these stitches work well and, when used appropriately, look pretty good.

I would recommend this machine to others and would choose it again."
"Has all the feature i was looking for,.and the price was very affordable. I would recommend this to my friends.  Great Machine"
"After years of using a conventional sewing machine that I was given as a wedding gift in 1975, I was apprehensive about transitioning to a modern machine. My fears were unfounded as this Brother machine is so easy to use! I made a gorgeous set of loungewear in less than an hour and can't wait to get started on a dress. Buy this machine! You'll not regret it!"
"My wife loves this machine! She kept her old one though for heavy duty jobs. However, she can't believe all that this new one dose."
"I have had my PC420PRW for 5 years.  I cleaned the lint regularly.  Recently it just stopped feeding and thread would get all tangled under the material.  Took it to a Brother dealer for repair.  He took ALL the casing off and it was LOADED with lint.  He said that was what the trouble was that made the spring that held the feed dogs up break, also a little mechanism in the bobbin area was stuck.  SO, it would take a $100 part plus labor (he didn't give that price-which scared me) would probably fix it.  SO all sewing machine lovers, don't just clean what you can see, get a little vacuum and get down in all the little crevices and nooks and crannies.  Those screws are hard to get loose on the casing but work till you get them out so you can get everywhere.  I was appalled at all that lint that I missed.  It's imperative to keep your machine cleaned out for good working order.  I'm so sad about my machine, but I just bought a more modest BROTHER as I can't afford to get mine fixed right now, but may in the future.  I LOVED thismachine, and if someone gave me $400 I would buy it again.  I should say it was $469.00 when I bought it five years ago."
"Was looking at a much more expensive professional level machine that could do quilt stitching & embroidery as well as sewing all types of fabric from very delicate silks to heavy upholstery. This does it all and is packed with all the accessory feet, etc. needed to get going right out of the box.
It took a while to unpack everything and make sure everything was there and read through all the instructions. Took a few trial runs on various scrap fabrics to get use to it - very quiet and smooth operation. Beautiful consistent stitches."
"So far, this thing is amazing.  I have not figured out all the functions yet, and it is a little confusing.  But it does a really nice job, and runs circles around my 30 year old Kenmore.  The button pushing is a little weird, and they all look the same, but once used to it work flows quickly.  It has an automatic needle threader, which I love!  It also has plenty of power."
"This is a lovely machine!  It is so easy to use, & I almost got hysterically excited over the accessory drawer, which is a wonderful thing.  Since I am a beginner sewer, & this is an upgrade from my SB700T, I have nothing but praise for this beautiful machine with a knee lifter.  Also, it's a bit heavier than my old machine, but not so heavy that I can't bring to a sewing class.  I'm glad I got this one instead of a Pfaff ($700+)."
This is an amazing sewing machine! Definitely worth the money. I use this machine daily with all kinds of fabric and never had a problem.
The first time I sewed with it I knocked the timing off.  I can't find any information anywhere on how to reset the timing.  There are no lines on the needle bar and no way to reset the bobbin.  It has been sitting there for months.  Just makes me angry now to look at it.
"This sewing machines come with a lot of bells and whistles compared to other sewing machines in the same price range. However, it was made with cheap plastic. Many of the accessories felt like they would break quickly. I also had trouble sewing over thicker fabrics.

Although I was impressed by the amount of features and accessories, I ultimately returned the machine because I felt certain many of the accessories and controls on the machine would break quickly."
"tore up with in two months,I absolutely loved working with this machine,then in the middle of a quilt it just started sewing sideways and bunching up threat, sounded like a thrashing machine,I was heart sick because it sewed so beautifully and to just tear up so quick, made me sick. I gave right at $500.00 for it and sure thought it would last longer then two months. I am so thankful for Amazon's return policy"
really loving this machine. works great and does so many things well. this is the second Brother I have purchased and I am a convert
"This machine is so much quieter than my old Singer. I love the many stitches, and extra feet that come with it. The stitches are uniform, unlike my old machine, and it can stitch through thick layers of fabric. My only problem with it is that the automatic thread cutter stopped working after a few weeks: it still cuts the thread, but the bobbin thread gets cut too short and I need to pull it back through the feeder every time I use it. I've only been using the machine for a month, but so far I love it!"
"Amazing sewing machine.  Very easy for a beginner to use, but continues to be good enough when your skills develop."
"Great Machine.  It's very quiet.  I absolutely love the auto thread cutter feature, as well as that it won't let you sew when the presser foot is up.  Very glad I purchased it."
"I sew for pleasure and income.  I have used many machines, and have owned over 500 different models and brands.  For the price and features, it can't be beat.  You can alter the default settings of the stitches and save them that way;  so when you choose that stitch again your settings are recalled.  It has automatic thread cuts, knee lift, auto matic buttonhole sizing, presserfoot foot presserfoot adjustment and takes low shank feet.  I have not seen the inside of the machine, so I cannot speak of its construction or longevity.  Overall a great machine."
Replacing the needle has been a bummer.  I could not move the screw that holds the needle and now my husband is trying to remove the manufactured set needle. He stated that it was put in the wrong way with too much torque on it. I probably will wind up at the repair shop if we cannot remove it safely.
"This is the second Brother machine Ive purchased. I bought this one so I could make larger quilts (yes you can make large quilts on this, just have to be a bit patient;) I really researched this machine and even read many of the reviews. The sewing I did turned out great, and I was able to get it running in less than 30 minutes,  mainly because my SE-400 is set up very similar. One review that stood out for me was the woman who said the stitches when set to the fastest setting didn't come out straight, so I tried this several times and the stitching was perfect, at least for me.  I would recommend this sewing machine hands down!!!!"
"I just bought this for my daughter.  I have had one of these for two years, use it A LOT and it's still outstanding.  When my daughter's machine got blown to OZ in the F5 twisters that hit Moore in May I replaced it for her with this one.  I bought it when my 28+ year old Viking broke as a backup machine and now my Viking is the backup!  That really says it all."
"I can't give it 5 stars because of one thing; when you turn the machine on, it's at needle to the left of center, automatically, and can't be reprogramed.  As soon as I started sewing--BAM!--broke a needle.  So whenever one sits down to sew, you have to remember to put needle to center.  Quite inconvenient."
I have had this machine for a couple of years now and have had absolutely no problems with it. I have sewn hundreds of projects with her and she never lets me down. She is quieter than my other machines. She has a drop in bobbin and self threader which are a sewing enthusiast's dreams. Overall I have been very well pleased with my Brother machines and this one is a step above my others.
"I bought this to compare with the Singer 9960 Quantum Stylist and here is how it worked out for me.

This machine does an okay stitch, but only at medium speeds, at top speed the straight stitch jumps around a bit. The Singer doesn't do a perfect stitch either, but it is better at top speeds than this Brother.

This machine is heavy which is nice, but it still vibrates and shakes quite a bit, and a lot more than the Singer. I had another Brother (my first machine) that did the same thing so I'm wondering if this is just a Brother thing. I don't think it really effects anything, but is a bit annoying.

The feed on this machine is good, but not as good on thin materials, and not as good as the Singer. I will be sewing a lot of little girl dress up clothes (so a lot of sheer materials) so this is a big deal to me.

I love the adjustable presser foot! This worked great for sewing chiffons together that tend to bunch on top.

You can't tell from the picture so much, but the back of this machine drops off right after the plate. That may not be a big deal for some, but it effected the way the material fed through when using long, heavy pieces of fabric, so if I was going to keep this I'd have had to buy the optional quilter's table (or finally get a sewing hutch).

There is no stitch cheat sheet on the machine, so, unless you have the book out, you will be scrolling through all of the stitches to find them. Not a big deal, but the Singer has it all laid out and I found that to be much more convenient. Now, I use a lot of the decorative stitches so this is a big deal for me, if you are basically just using the basic stitches this wouldn't be such a big deal as they have the most used ones on convenience buttons.

Love, love, love the auto threader!! This is the only one that I think I'd actually use. Most other ones (including the one on the Singer which is just awful) are just not worth the effort, but this one was awesome.

The little accessory compartment has spots for the feet and bobbins which is nice, the Singer just has the big compartment which sucks, but is expected on machines in this price range so the fact that the Brother has it is nice.

Several of the decorative stitches were sloppy compared to the Singer

All-in-all this is a nice machine for the price and does some nice stitches. For me there were some things I just couldn't handle, like the stitches being so off at top speed, the feed of sheer materials, and some of the decorative stitches being sloppy. Honestly those are not super big deals, and for most this would be a great beginner/intermediate machine, it just happens that they are important to me and  the Singer didn't have those particular problems."
"I've had this machine for over 2 years now and I feel I'm equipped to write a review now :) I completed my degree in fashion design last year and used this machine for every project as well as some of my own. I've made everything from a tailored suit, shirts, ball gown, boned corset, a baby quilt, lined curtains and even outdoor furniture covers. This machine has performed remarkably and only acted weird when I tried to sew rubberized solar lining for curtains. It has handled several layers of denim, including putting zippers in jeans. Ive also sewn with leather, Pleather, vinyl, thick wool, faux fur, silk, satin, tulle.....basically everything I threw at it. The ability to use the machine without the foot pedal is awesome. I loved that everything from back stitch, stop/start and cutting the thread at the end of your stitch can all be done at the touch of a button. The self-threading capability is great and will be appreciated by those who find it hard to see the eye of the needle. The light is excellent and doesn't give off any heat. The button-hole function is perfect and I achieved a very professional look on a 3-piece suit and shirts I had to make. I also find it a huge design advantage that the bobbin is drop in and mounted on the top, rather than a push-in on the front. I feel like this allows less chance for the bobbin and thread to become entangled...something that hasn't happened once in 2 years. Although the machine is plastic it has held up very well and looks as goid as the day i bought it. The hard case it comes with and the multiple tools and extra feet is a real bonus. I bought a case if plastic bobbins and 100 size 12 organ needles and have had to pay for nothing else for the machine. Not even a service or repair....though i plan to have it serviced this year just to keep it tip-top! Absolutely don't hesitate to buy. I did a lot of research before buying this and was nervous about getting the RIGHT machine for school. But I've used it every day since I bought it and have never had a problem. When I remember all my other machines and messing around with the tension. And all those wasted minutes when the bobbin thread was always getting tangled, I regret not buying this machine sooner. I actually preferred this machine to the industrial juki's at school! I've just started my own small business and plan to use this machine for much of the sewing too."
"This machine replaced my 10 year old ""thread banger"". The machine stitches like a dream. Smooth operation and beautiful, even stitches. The auto thread feature and auto cut are great. The decorative stitches are great too! TONS of options! I love all the options and upgrades from my basic machine. Plus all the extras are great. Lots of feet, tools and even a twin needle! I suggest ordering an extra pack of bobbins with this. Four were included, but I like a variety of colors prewound."
"Received this in 2 days - thanks Prime!  There are many good things about this product.  The auto threader is great and love the automatic thread cutter.  A decent amount of different stitches although some look better in the guide than they do on material.  After several weeks of using it daily, I began to have trouble with the tension.  I troubleshooted with the guide, but nothing worked.  I also had 2 different occasions of the thread balling up which required me to take the bobbin casing out and clean around it - only to have it happen again.  For a 3 week old machine, I found this unacceptable and phoned Amazon.  This was my first time using their return/refund policy and it was fabulous - no long explanations necessary and refund received promptly.  I am not prepared to spend almost $400 on a product that I have trouble with in the first month.  I have since ordered a Janome - didn't get the thread cutter, which I loved, or the number of stitch options, but it is a very sturdy machine (have used before) and I hope that I don't have any tension problems, as I did with this one.  Will update on that when it gets here.  The Brother is just an average machine - given other reviews with this same problem, I bailed before I had more problems."
I would highly recommend this product.  Arrived as shown.  High quality item for the price.  Well worth what I paid.
I have only had time to use this for a small project but so far I am loving it! It is so quiet I can watch a movie at the same time. It sews smoothly. My old machine was 40 years old and I am amazed at all the new features on a sewing machine.
"I upgraded to this machine after my 20 some year old White quite working.  I can't believe how much smoother this machine is.  The auto threader is a dream.  It is touchy, when you change needles it has to go in ""just so"" or the threader won't work.  The auto cutter is another feature I love.  I did not have either of them before.  So many stitches to choose from.... I mainly piece quilts or do crafts.  The first project I used this for was a heavy flannel quilt that I was putting the binding on by hand.  It was so hard to get through the flannel by hand I gave in and sewed it on.  This machine went through the flannel binding with no trouble.  My old machine would have never been able to.  The letter fonts are a nice touch.  No you can't change the size which would be nice, but it's not an embroidery machine.  I see it as a nice extra.  I researched a lot, debated between the high end ""expensive"" machines, and finally went with this one.  Very happy with my purchase.  Great features for the price.  Just like getting a new toy when you were a kid!"
"I am an intermediate sewer, and I have to say I Love this sewing machine. I had an old Kenmore (30 years old) and have been researching sewing machines for a couple of years. It was delivered ahead of time, was Easy to set up and learn. It is extremely quiet, sews smoothly, oh so easy to thread - omg it threads the needle for me! I don't know why I waited so long. And the decorative stitches to boot. Again, have had this a month now, am finishing up a quilt and can't wait to start another project!"
Much better than the first brother I bought!  Took a little time getting used to the hands (foot) free function...now I love it
I purchased this for my wife to replace a very old sewing machine.  I spent a lot of time reviewing various machines and finally settled on this one as the best value for the features.  She now uses it nearly every day and has complemented it on how easy it makes her sewing projects.  It also comes with a nice case to keep the kids off of it and store the manuals it comes with.
"This machine is whisper quiet, and so easy to use.  It has a wide throat for quilting, which I haven't tried yet.  But, so far I am sooo pleased."
I've not started to figure it out. But it is an amazing machine. I'm so glad I got this and the case protecting it is fantastic.
"I did a lot of research before purchasing this machine and although it has many pluses, there are many minuses also.  One of the things I object to is there is no ""user community"" or forum for trading info and tips about the machine. ( thank you Amazon for providing reviews)  It's hard to believe in this day and age that one doesn't exist.  Additionally, I live in Massachusetts, and the closest service center is 1 1/2 hours away!!!  Like another reviewer before me, the automatic needle threader died pretty quickly and I just haven't gotten around to taking care of this problem.  I also have problems ( as this same reviewer mentioned) with the thread bunching up.  However, everything was working fine, and then bang, the thread bunched up and I got the error message and could not sew anymore.  I brought the machine to a very nice local shop that sells, but does not service Brothers.  He said the bobbin shaft was shot and I need a new one.  Hello! Another $40 in 3 months of use?  This is NOT covered under warranty, and I understand that this shaft needs replacing more often than not.  It's frustrating .  Also, for,those of you that are quilters,  this model has a very short throat that makes it impossible to quilt  anything but items with low loft.  On the plus side, the selection of stitches is wonderful, although I will be hard pressed to use all of them.  For quilt piecing it's quite good as you can easily sew your 1/4"" seams.  But, again, as mentioned in another review, not all the fancy stitches come out great.  Since it's a ""project runway"" model, I suspect it's much better for sewing clothes.  In short, if Brother wants to market and sell on line, vs, dealer network, they need to provide better support and to make sure that some of their internal parts are built more sturdily.  I hope I don't need another machine, but if I do, I will not buy a Brother ."
"I got this for my mother in law. She is very pleased with it, loves all the different stitches and capabilities. She is disappointed that it isn't stronger; it can't sew through several layers of upholstery material. It is great for other projects, however.

Very happy."
"I really like the machine. Overall it works great, the only issue I have is the automatic needle threader does not work."
I could not be happier with this machine.  It is a dream come true for me. I love to sew and I love sewing with this machine.
"The machine may be fine.  It arrived in the retail box without damage.  I didn't get to open it up for about a week, then didn't actually sew for another week.  The accessories list indicated 4 bobbins but I received 1 .  No big deal, I purchased extra at a local store.  When I went to put buttonholes on my garmet I did not have the required buttonhole foot which was listed as included.  After emailing this situation to Brother they responded that I had 14 days from the date of purchase to have them replace these missing items.  I've never delt with Brother before but I have no faith in this machine lasting a fraction of my previous machines 30+years.  I will return it and purchase a different brand."
I have been sewing sence I was 14 or so and I mean almost every day of my life and I am 72.  I love this Brother.  It is simple to operate and does exactly what I want it to do and it is easy to operate.  I would recommend this machine to anyone.
"What a difference between this and a $100 cheaper machine. It's wonderful. I keep looking for things to sew. The knee lift frees my hands to set the fabric in just the right spot. The auto threader is great (especially for older eyes). The machine almost runs itself. In fact, it does run itself with the auto run button (great to use when using a decorative stitch). And it is SO-O-O quiet, compared to my 2-year old machine. I LOVE it. All in all, a great deal for the money.
The light at the needle leaves a lot to be desired, and I have already bought a tiny light to supplement this. I  amstill working on getting some of the decorative stitches re-aligned. I would have thought that would be taken care of at the factory, but I don't need that many of them."
"I needed a machine with more capabilities than my very basic Singer, since it had virtually no compatible accessory feet needed for quilting. I racked my brains for months trying to find the perfect machine, going to dealer after dealer, only to get frustrated with either the steep price tag, the distance to the dealers, feeling like I was being overcharged, or the machines lacking some feature I wanted. I finally decided ""forget these dealers"", searched for high-rated machines on Amazon, found this one, and was extremely impressed by what I was getting for under $400. Within ten minutes, I placed my order. It was on my doorstep in about two days. The instructions are clear, it is very easy to operate, it's quiet, it comes with tons of accessory feet, and I have been extraordinarily happy with what I got for the money."
It does all and more of what I expected. Made a mini-skirt did a little embroidery and started on a dress.
"Let me start off by saying, I Love my Runway Girl!! This sewing machine is so nice. It does everything I hoped for and more. I have been sewing on my Runway Girl, for 3 months now and she's still living up to my expectations. My sister even  purchased one, and she wasn't having any trouble out of her Singer, but this Brother Project Runway is the cream of the crop! You can't go wrong with this purchase and the price is right!!!"
I've had this for several months now and its a little horse. I love the  features and it is quite intuitive. The only issue I have had is with the auto threader. Some times it works sometimes not.....
"Great machine, good quality. I can't wait to use it more so I can figure out all the neat stitches."
"The machine is amazing. It is my first one and i and my teacher enjoying sewing on it.
I prefer if instructions had more explanations and pictures. But otherwise I love it."
"I didn't know what to expect for the price. I wanted to upgrade my machine and was going to buy a even more expensive till I saw this one and the reviews. I am so glad I purshused this machine. Best machine I own. Can't beat the price. Sews flawlessly every single time. It's like sewing on air!!! Easy to thread, lots of stitch options and lots of feet! Have had this machine for 4 months and trust me, I sew for a living so I give it a work out. It sees hours of sewing every single day. Great machine!"
"I sew everyday, wore out my 5 year old Janome, check Consumer Reports and they had high ratings for this machine, price was excellent, half of what dealers were asking. I love it, started using it the day it came! Especially like the buttonholer. I rate it 5 stars!"
"My machine arrived within 4 days and was in perfect condition. I found the instructions very easy to use and was sewing in a matter of minutes. I have sewn for 30 plus years but have never attempted quilting until now. I have completed my first and am now on the second. The machine makes all the difference in the ease of ""machine quilting"". I highly recommend this machine to anyone."
"I love my new Brother sewing machine. I had a Brother before this one and it served me for over twenty years. The choice was easy, but I have to say my new machine exceeds my expectations . My advice to anyone purchasing a new Brother is "" go for it"", and read the user guide before you start sewing. This will eliminate any problems that I have read that other users have had."
A little complicated to operate all the different stitches and I have trouble making the automatic needle threader work sometime. But overall I like the sewing machine.
"I shopped for months to replace an older Brother that died.  I was unsure that I wanted another Brother although when my other machine worked, it worked well.  After lots of shopping and reading many reviews, I settled on the PC420PRW.  I have had it for a few weeks and so far, I am very pleased.  It does a beautiful job of decorative stitches."
"I have been sewing for years. I researched and found this to be the machine of choice for my needs. I compared prices on many websites and Amazon was the best. The cover is also included, which is a plus considering most places sell is separately. I am very pleased with my purchase!"
My patchwork teacher recommeded me this product. I loved it. As expected it fullfills my needs. Great acquisition! I do recommend it.
"I received my new sewing machine about a month ago and cannot stop sewing! It's quiet, has clean lines with the thread spool enclosed in top, came with lots of extras like specialty presser feet and bobbins, machine cover, and the instruction manual is easy to read. I was literally sewing in minutes. The computer screen and buttons are user-friendly and I caught on quite well. My favorite features are the needle threader, pop-in bobbin, and knee control for the presser foot. This machine has made me a better seamstress!"
I have not bought a new sewing machine for at least 12 years.  I really looked into and did a lot of reading when choosing to buy a new machine.  I think thei machine is fantastic!  It is easy to use and it's my first computerized machine.  I like the automatic threader and the automatic thread cutter.  This machine is quiet and can sew fast.  Would reccommend it for anyone who's new to sewing.
"I really wanted to like this machine as it seemed to do all kinds of nice things.  Unfortunately, a minor thread tangle has turned into a major hassle.  Instead of being a simply fixed problem, I need to take it in to a service center.  When purchasing this brand, I should have checked for authorized service centers close by but the closest is over 100 miles away so very inconvenient.  As common as the Brother brand is, their service is considerably less common.  Having had good experiences with sewing machines (I am an experienced sewer and have done many projects over decades, I was not expecting problems so early in the life of my machine.  It has lots of fun features, which is why I replaced my old machine, but unfortunately the low quality and minimal service availability make me wish I had bought something else.

Update: I took the machine apart - more pieces off than troubleshooting directions suggested figuring that whatever I did was going to be a hassle and it was past the warranty date.  Lo and behold, it worked!  So whatever I did in taking more pieces off reset the error message and I could continue with my project.  Otherwise I have had no trouble with the machine.  However, I still wish I had checked the availbility of authorized service centers as there is not one within 100 miles, and I live near a metro area of more than half a million people.  The snippy remark from the telephone customer service representative that they just can't have service centers on every street corner was annoying, as I would simply be happy if there were something within a reasonable driving distance, perhaps in the metro area of over half a million people near where I live."
I only buy Brother sewing Machines as they always have all the gadgets that I love. I would recommend this one to anyone who sews.
Had this machine on my wish list for a year. Just when I had the money the price dropped. I am so excited to have this heavy duty versatile machine. I have not used it yet. Will update.
"I bought this machine last summer (2012) in the US (I live in Canada). It was not available in Canada, which is unfortunate, as I am stuck with it. I will never do that again. I am a long time sewer of over 45 years, and I sew practically every day, making dolls and clothes for them. This machine is so tempermental and frustrating, and goes through needles (schmetz) like nobody's business ... sometimes several a day ... and I am not sewing heavy materials (lace and cotton).  At times, the thread will jam for no apparent reason, which necessitates rethreading, and then nursing the machine along while it grumbles, making strange noises. Also, removing the plates is impossible with the screwdrivers provided. They are too long. There are some features that are excellent though, especially the needle threader. However, I bought this machine as a backup to my Husky Designer 1, and would have returned it if I could. Also, I was given the run around when I contacted Brother USA regarding another problem"
I bought this for my wife and she loves it. It makes easy work of complicated task giving you professional results
"I have upgraded from a Brothers machine and have had no problems before.  This model is capable for doing so much more, easy to work with.  Instructions are very clear."
"A machine you can grow with!! I'm a beginner at sewing!! I tried using my mom's basic, older Singer and it was way too much for me. This sewing machine has so much more feautures and it was so much easier to thread the bobbin and needle and use the functions on this Brother sewing machine! Everything you needed to know about the machine was very detailed in the instructions and the machine pretty much does everything itself! So happy with my purchase!! It comes with quite a bit of accessories to get started! I'm a working mother of 3 and wanting to start making clothes bc I have my own style. This machine is perfect for making garments with! Easily made my first shirt and some drapery's!! Again, Very Happy Brother Customer!"
Has features I hadn't even known about. It's been over thirty years since I've owned a sewing machine. I am greatly enjoying sewing again.
I needed to upgrade my sewing machine to advance with free motion quilting but I didn't want to spend $1000 or more.  This machine meets all my needs. The needle down  capability and speed control were my main wants but I am pleasantly surprised by how much I love the automatic threading and the knee lift capabilities as well. This is a very good machine for the money.
There are features on my Brother PRW420 sewing machine I can never do without again. The automatic threader is one of them. Its such a pleasure to use the finger controls instead of the old fashioned foot controls. One of my favorite features is the dial that lets you control the pace for how fast you sew because it really has improved my accuracy. This model is easy to thread and its pretty quiet also.  The hundreds of embroidery stitches that are built in are great.  I am  glad I purchased this sewing machine and have no problem recommending it.
"I LOVE MY SEWING MACHINE!!!!  I am a beginner sewing girl and all I had to do was read the manual that came with it and I'm making dresses left and right!  I feel like a real seamstress and after I learned how to read a pattern and use the correct fabric, I was cranking out dresses for my daughter and me all over the place!

If i could sew all day... I would."
"I spent years sewing on a very cheap machine. I spent more time ripping things apart than I did sewing because the bobbin thread was constantly jamming. And forget about sewing anything thick on my old machine. I've had this machine for 3 years now and I couldn't be happier. The bobbin has never jammed. The automatic threader is awesome. The automatic thread cutting at the push of a button makes quilt piecing so much faster and easier. I also love the decorative stithes for making quick flannel baby blankets. And the button hole function on this machine actually makes nice buttonholes. I have used this machine for sewing everything from clothes, home dec, and I just finished my first quilt. I think experienced sewers will love this machine because it has the function and sturdiness of a much more expensive machine. I highly recommend this machine for new sewers too, because it makes seeing fun instead of stressful. Most of the problems new sewers run into with the machine jamming and not feeding correctly are because many cheaper machines just don't do well at that sort of thing. Yes, it is a lot of money, but this machine will be with you for a very long time, and you will save money in the long run by not having to throw away cheap broken sewing machines. I also have the extension table which made working on a quilt much easier. I now love to sit down and sew, and I finish everything so much faster because I'm not trying to fix problems with my machine."
"My 28yr old Kenmore died and I finally stepped up to a computerized machine.  Smooth operation, fairly easy to navigate threading, setting length, width etc.  Would've liked a more comprehensive manual, but I am very, very happy with the machine.  Great machine, great price on Amazon !"
Love how it is working so far. It is very quiet. Since i am somewhat new to sewing i would appreciate contact information in case I have any questions on using the stitches etc. on the machine. Is there a Brother's phone line number that someone could send to me?
"I am a new sewer who sews a lot. I was using a cheaper sewing machine (that my sewing teacher kept asking if it was broken because it was so noisy) and purchased this one recently. It is an absolute joy to sew on. I sew almost everyday and I love the ease of this machine. It is simple to thread, LOVE the self cutting feature and the not having to use a foot petal. I would recommend this for anyone looking for a middle of the road machine. Super easy to use!

One Side Note: The mannual states to use only the bobbins for this machine which I did purchase as well as they are a bit different in size then the standard bobbins. So make sure you order those when you get your machine."
"I got this machine because I knew nothing about sewing before I got it, and reviews all said it was a great beginner's machine that had enough for even more advanced users can use, so I figured it'd be nice to have even after I learn a lot more about sewing.

It is so easy to use! There are little picture instructions that are actually printed on the machine to help you remember how to thread the machine, which is nice because after I haven't done it in a while I use them to refresh my memory and make sure I'm doing it right.

It comes with a foot pedal and accessories like different kind of feet for different techniques/fabric. I've used it to make a few dresses and make some shirts/skirts fit me better already. And it has a few embroidery stitches that I've used to embellish a couple skirts - I've gotten some nice complements :)"
"Rec'd in a matter of days.  Easy to setup and start using immediately!  Comes with all the bells and whistles that others don't come pkg'd with.  Hard case, walking foot, knee lift, pressure gauge and so much more were part of the initial purchase!  Looking forward to my quilting projects."
"I really like the PC420 automatic thread cutter-not having to wrestle my sewing project trying to leave enough thread  to avoid rethreading needle.  I have worn out a Singer Touch and Sew, and Elna 6000.  This machine is heavy duty and has all the extras that other sewing machines have at half the price.  I would recommend this machine for anyone interested in learing to sew or quilt."
I absolutely love this machine.  It's as smooth as silk!  I especially love the thread cutting mechanism which saves me so much time.  I can't wait to use all the features this little power house has.
I love - love - love this machine. It has exceeded all my expectations. I really believe Brother makes a high quality product. Love all the features. So easy to learn how to do altho I haven't used them all yet. Love the auto needle feature. Bought the extension table also as I do quilting. What a difference that makes in giving you extra room to work. Have had no problems with the machine. Do not hesitate to buy even if there are a few negative reviews. You will kick yourself if you don't.
"My wife requested this sewing machine for Christmas. She is brand new to the hobby of sewing and was dependent on reviews to make her purchasing decision. To get started in sewing and get acquainted with her Brother sewing machine, she decided to take sewing lessons at her local fabric store, where bringing her machine was required. The sewing teacher was very impressed with her purchase. Her teacher owns several machines and this was her first exposure to the Brother brand.  Her teacher liked the ease of use, the built in bobbin and all the included accessories. The fabric store sell another well know brand, which my wife considered but was swayed by the Amazon reviews and prices. So far my wife has no regrets. This review has been lovingly endorsed by my wife."
The wife loves it!  Does everything she wanted to do but her old machine could not.  She loves all the features like auto threading of the needle.  No negative comments at all.
This machine is wonderful. It is easy to use and it does a good job on many different projects. I have found it to so easy that I now want to sew more. I have had this machine for more than a year and it did replace a very old singer. It is my first time with a computerized machine.
I absolutely love this machine. I contemplated for a long time on what machine I should buy and I kept coming back to this one. I am so glad I did. It is a lovely machine and has so many functions. I love it. I have had this machine for about 5 years and  I would recommend this to anyone.
Great little machine.  I bought it for my daughter for her 1st machine.  Pleased with the way it runs and all the feet it came with.
"I recently purchased this for a christmas present for myself.  I did a lot of research on different sewing machines that were in my price range.  I also have a kenmore mechanical which I have long outgrown.  I like to sew quilts and was having a difficult time quilting them with the kenmore.  This brother machine is so easy to use and extremely quite ( I couldn't believe how quite it is). The throat is longer and taller than my old machine which allows for larger projects.  I love the fact that I don't have to use the foot controller to sew. This is taking a little getting used to, I still have foot action for the pedal.  The picture in no way does this machine justice.  This really needs to be redone from a full side view, not the front corner view to get the full scope of the size of this machine. The onboard needle threader is super nice and there is no guess work to using this feature ( when it clicks the needle is threaded with a large loop of thread so it is easy to pull through). Another great feature is the needle down when stopped, auto thread cutting (top and bottom threads)and controlling the sewing at a consistant speed all without the foot control (which is included)"
"Many of my friends now want it after seeing it in action. So far it has worked very well.  The thread cutting feature is nice. The horizontal spool holder can be a pain if the edge of your spool is rough, it can catch the thread as it comes off the spool."
"the best machine i have ever had, every time somebody sees it they want one, people say what a great machine , where did u get it and i use that time to show off, lol."
This is a wonderful machine. I have had it for about 6 months and I really like it. Sews through think material. I like the automatic threading. The automatic thread cutter is a real treat to have. I know people think Brother is not a good brand for sewing machines but I really like this one!!!!!!!!!!!
"I've had my PC-420 PRW machine for about three years and have had no problems with it.  I did learn from the place I take it for service (regular maintenance) to not use Schmetz needles.  Schmetz needles, while excellent, for some reason don't jive with this machine's thread cutter or automatic threader function, I forget which, so I've switched to Organ needles.  This machine is packed with features and lots of accessories, some I've still not even tapped into.  I paid more for my machine than it's selling for now, and I still think I got my money's worth."
"My Elna sewing machine died after 22 years.  I researched many brands before purchasing this Brother PC-420 PRW.  Brother has exceeded my expectations with needle threader, needle up/down position, easy threading, extremely easy bobbin and the thread cutter is absolutely amazing.  I didn't think I would use the knee/foot extension, but I have found it to be very handy.  For the first time in years, my stitches are straight.  I tried all of the one-step buttonhole options and they all look good. I won't use most of the fancy stiches but tried many of them and they are very nice.  Even the monogram setting is fine for initials on shirt sleeves and making my own labels.  I am extremely happy with this product and highly recommend it to others."
"I was very skeptical first to prefer Amazon over a local dealer to buy a sewing machine which I intend to use for a very long time. But the deal was too good to pass and after several days of research I decided I wanted to do it. I am glad I did. I love it and so far we have been best buddies and I love the projects I have completed on this machine. The rating is 4 stars as I haven not used all the stitches and  hence not eligible to compare. However the stitches I have used so far have been great. I love the cutting/snipping thread tool. What a thread saver and so handy tool. I do not think I can live without it now. Now whenever I use other machines ,I always miss this tool. Another feature I love is the My Customized stitch tool. I am able to save my own stitches and later use it .Well all -in-all I am happy and I hope this machine will last me forever  without any problems..."
"This machine has always made very beautiful even stitches, great easy button holes, and a a lot of fun features that has always given me a great sewing experience. I gave it 4 stars because the .7amp motor is a little weak. It can bog down under several layers, but it has always gotten the job done. It's lightwieght enough to take to classes or a friend house. Too me it's a lot of machine for not a lot of money."
No need to look any further. This is the machine that does it all for a lot less money that many others.
"I was dreaming of a computerized embroidery machine for years.
Finally found this one and got it for my own BD two years ago.

Well, it could have been a good one, if it were manufactured and tuned well..
It has quite a few hick-ups that take the fun out of the picture when using it.

The stitches sometimes turn out well, sometimes - messy and all over the place.
Thread's tension is so unpredictable that I am afraid to use it on delicate fabrics..

It would stumble on some of the patterns making one huge knot under the needle plate, so the latter has to be removed to cut the dozens of hanging threads that accumulated underneath it.

Even such a simple operation as winding the bobbin can end up in having all the thread under the bobbin plate wrapped around the spinning axis, which makes that thread impossible to remove.

I have a pretty basic model of Jenome, that feels like heaven after using this Brother's model.
As simple stitch as zig-zag set at small stitch length (1 mm or shorter) is incomparably better when performed on Jenome.

Long story short -- I am a bit disappointed with the machine and would not recommend it for a person looking at spending pleasant time with her/his craft project."
"After my 39 year old Singer sewing machine finally bit the dust, I was really at a loss for what sewing machine to buy as a replacement.  I researched sewing machines on-line, and the Brother PC-420 PRW machine consistently got high (or the highest) ratings of machines for people who do more than basic sewing, but less than commercial sewing activities.  Although it operates a bit differently than my old Singer (go figure--things have changed in 39 years); I really like the Brother's features such as the automatic threader, the auto cutting option, and the short-cut buttons.  I initially went through the program options to find the center position for the needle, for zig-zag, and for the hemming stitch; when I finally realized (duh) that the machine has short-cut push buttons just below the programing buttons to take me directly to all 3 of those options.  The other thing I noticed is that it sews through bulky or different thicknesses of fabrics and unmatched fabric types (like a thicker non-silky fabric being joined to a thin silky lining fabric) without any problems or pulling/puckering.  I guess the only disappointment was to find that regardless of what machine you buy, they just sit on a table-top instead of inside a cabinet (don't worry, I fixed my old cabinet so I could put the new machine on top of it).  Also, my old bobbins do not fit in this machine, so I had to buy all new bobbins.  However, the new bobbins are inexpensive, and I was actually able to rewind thread from my old bobbins unto the new bobbins (cost saver on thread).  All in all, I'm very pleased with this purchase and glad I didn't just blindly purchase another Singer."
"Biggest piece of crap I've ever wasted my money on. Had it for almost a year and am so sorry every day that I bought it. It won't sew over 4 layers of thin cotton material without knotting or having to be pushed or pulled through, will not stop sewing sometimes, just keeps going and I have to turn off the machine to stop it. Have not had good even stitches, hard to thread, including the needle because of the way it was made I have to bend my neck way down in order to find the thread hook and pass thread through it. Don't like the way you have to fill a bobbin either. If the thread gets out of line you may as well throw the bobbin away, or else sit and unravel the bobbin completely and start over. I can't tell you how much I hate this sewing machine. I've always bought only Brother's machines (25 years) Not sure I will again."
I should have returned this.  the bobbin is extremley difficult to wind. the compny should re-design this.  the needle threading only works 50% of the time. And you cannot adjust the tension on the bobbin. just okay....
I absolutely love this sewing machine.  It practically does everything for me.  Being able to set lock stitch and thread cutting saves a lot of time.
"I won't expand on what other reviewers have said. This is an excellent machine. I was in the midst of a project when I got totally fed up with my old machine and was able to use the Brother without reading the manual very much. Once I got the project finished, I was able to look at the manual and it is excellent. My previous machine, a Husqvarna, cost twice as much, did not work as well, and had terrible documentation both on paper and online. My poor 90 year old mother bought a Singer that came with a DVD manual. She has a computer in another room and can't be running back and forth to look at it for information. Plus, it had very little useful information and in a difficult to understand format. The reason I harp on manuals is many machines today come with inadquate documentation. The Brother manual is very thorough and well thought out.

One of the main selling points of the Brother for me was the auto thread cutter. I quilt and I got tired of all the long trailing threads pulling away from the needle. Wasteful and annoying. The auto thread cutter works perfectly.

Another nice feature, the bobbin thread is held in place so all you need to focus on at the beginning of the seam is the top thread. Not a big deal, but a very nice touch.

The reverse stitch button is also excellent and totally controllable.

One reviewer mentioned the knee activated lifter. I think it is too short. I have short legs and to use it, I have to lift my knee at least six inches. I don't bother.

All in all, I am extremely happy with this machine."
"I have been sewing for years and decided to get a new sewing machine.  I have a Janome but it doesn't do the great decorative stitches this machine does.  It took me a while to get use to it.  Every time I thought it wasn't doing something right I realized it was because ""I"" wasn't doing some thing right!  I keep the manual handy.  I love the automatic cutting!  Just press a button.  And the needle threader is awesome!  I'm an old soul and my eyes aren't what they use to be. You just have to make sure the needle is centered and in the up position and the presser foot is down.  The mirror imaging stitch is one of the features I use a lot.  You can create your own stitches which is great.  I love the knee presser foot lifter.  You can lift the presser foot with just a little push of your knee and have both hands free to turn your fabric, but you do have to have the machine close to the edge of your table for the lifter to work.  I've used the buttonhole feature a lot and it works great.  Does not work with very large buttons though.  But you can select different styles of buttonholes from a light to heavy.  On the decorative stitches - there is a little gator stitch that you use to align those stitches.  If I find the stitch I have selected isn't stitching correctly I go do the gator stitch and adjust until it looks correct and then go back to the stitch I wanted to use.  It has worked for me. I don't use the start/stop feature.  Just easier for me to use the foot pedal.  My preference.  It has a speed control feature which is nice if you have a lead foot like me.  I always want to go faster, but sometimes ya just have to go slow.  This keeps me from going too fast.  I could go on and on and I still haven't used all the features!!!  I have been using it steady since June and all my projects have turned out wonderful.  It comes with a variety of presser feet along with a few tools and a hard cover. Like the hard cover cause I keep my machine out on a table so when I'm done I set the cover on it.  Very easy.  Like I said I keep the manual handy cause the only trouble I've had with this machine is because of me!!!"
"Have had this machine for one month. It was a little intimidating at first with the bobbin winding and threading the machine,but I followed the suggestions from previous reviewers and read the instruction book first. I'm still sorting out the stitch choices but love the fact that there are so many choices. The embroidery function is awesome, wish there were more choices, but for $400 it's fantastic. I'm a little worried about how the start/stop button is going to hold up in long term useage. None of the reviews I read mentioned it as a problem, it just seems that it could be a weak spot since you have to push it so many times. Love, love, love the automatic threading and cutting feature. That's a big time saver. My granddaughter said it's not real sewing. Who says sewing needs to be tough."
Couldn't be happier with this machine. It comes with a walking and quilting foot which you normally have to buy separately. I have sewn with it everyday and I haven't had any problems at all. Tension has always been perfect. The only negative thing is that I wish you could make the monograming font bigger. It's very small. If you can make it bigger I haven't figured that out. I didn't buy this machine for monograming or embroidery anyway. This is not really a machine for monograming in my opinion.
"I just recently learned to sew and have been using my Mom's machine from the 80's. It has limited stitches and I was getting really good at what it had. It also had nothing to make a button hole easier. I was no good at that ! I debated for weeks over whether to get a Singer of my own and to go with a Brother machine. I am so glad I went with the Brother.

I have only used it for 1 1/2 projects so far but really like it. My work comes out clean and I was able to easily make a custom stitch. I love the extra feet it comes with and all of the instructions are very clear on what foot to use with each stitch style.

I am very happy with my purchase and foresee myself using it for a very long time.

The only drawback I found was the free arm is a little too big for children's sleeves and I wasn't able to wrap the sleeve around the arm like i had been doing with my Mom's machines. but I haven't found any new machines with smaller free arms so it looks like this is normal for current designs."
"I purchased this sewing machine through the Amazon ""Warehouse Deals"" option- it was marked as like new, and the description fit perfectly. The box had a couple of tears, but the machine is perfect!
When I took it out of the box to inspect it, I noticed that the bobbin cover was off, and the piece that holds the bobbin was gone; when I turned the machine around, I found it on the backside of the machine. Once I put both pieces back in place, it was ready to go.
I followed the directions to load the bobbin, install the bobbin and the spool of thread, and then tried a couple of practice stitches on a spare piece of cloth. Beautiful stitches, everything worked like a charm.
I have noticed that others have commented on the light output- I was surprised to see that there was more light coming from this machine than my previous one - plenty of light for me, but if I ever need more, I've got a lamp handy.
I love the knee lifter lever- it's going to take a little adjustment to get used to using it, but once I do, I know it's going to make projects go quicker. I also like the start/stop button- if you use that, the speed is set by the slide bar on the machine, but if you use the foot pedal, you control the speed that way - best of both worlds as far as I'm concerned (when I let my grandkids sew with me, I like setting the machine very slow so they can see what they're doing and not get overwhelmed).
I haven't tried out the other stitches yet, but I will over the next few days. After I try them, I will come back and update the review with more information
If you buy this machine, I don't have any doubt you'll like it- just read the instructions before trying to use it, and I'm sure you'll do fine. They are very well written, with lots of clear images so you can see what you need to be doing.
***************************************
update - Aug 15 - I've used several of the decorative stitches and they've turned out beautifully, as long as I let the machine work; sometimes I get antsy and try to 'help' the machine by urging the fabric forward- do NOT do this or the stitches will not turn out correctly.
I finished a quilt with the machine and it handled the job very well- there's more room in the 'harp' area than on other machines I've used."
"I gave this machine a review of 2.  Don't really hate the machine, but I would never buy it again.

I purchased my machine almost 3 years ago.  I was excited, my previous machines were very basic run of the mill machines.  I did research and found many good reviews for this machine.  The price was in my range and so I bought it.  I had it all of about 15 minutes and the needle bar broke, the machine would lock up and make a terrible grinding noise.  Seriously, over Thanksgiving weekend.  I was going to be sewing Christmas presents.  I couldn't even reach the Brother office until the following Monday.  I was informed that was a problem that had been occuring on some of the machines and it would be fixed free of charge.  I took my machine to the shop, they had to order out for parts and over a month later I finally get to use my new machine.  It worked great, for a while.  I have small children, so I don't have to sew as much as I would like.  So it was not being used all of the time, but a little over a year later, the same thing happened and several parts had to be replaced.  Yikes time to give up right?  Not me.  The machine was fixed and just a couple of weeks ago I took it in for it's yearly cleaning and wouldn't you know it the parts were going bad AGAIN and had to be replaced.  My machine guy was great and did it for free, he said he would consider them under warrenty.  So why is it doing it?  No clue, but it is starting to annoy me.  I have the machine back and it is funning okay again.  I for sure will not be getting another of this brand, ever.  Too much hassle.  Sewing is my relaxing time, and this machine makes it not fun....................

Things that I will be looking for in my next machine.  Good quilty built machine with metal gears etc.  The plastic on this machine is terrible.  Less noise, this one is loud.  Good warrenty..........."
"I purchased this machine in September 2010, primarily for quilting.  It worked fine for 6 months or so.  Now it spends more time being repaired than it does in my house.  First I was getting loops of thread on the bobbin side of the fabric (1 loop approximately every 5 stitches) - the repair place told me it was caused by me breaking a needle.  I brought the machine home and it worked for a couple of days then it started again - still can't hold tension, still puts loops on the bobbin side of the fabric, now it's making a crazy clunking noise when I sew.  It can't sew straight and due to the loops on the underside can't top stitch.  It has been in the shop three times since January and will probably be going back this week (if it doesn't go in the trash first).

I sew between 8-12 hours a week, I change the needle every time I use the machine.  I clean the feed dogs and bobbin case on a regular basis - the machine is just a piece of junk. It was a complete waste of money, I wish I had my old Kenmore back. I will be purchasing a new machine but it won't be a Brother."
"I am so happy with this machine!!!  I have had it for about 5 months now and haven't yet found anything it can't do.  I am an experienced seamstress, having been sewing since my Mom taught me at about 6 years old.  (I'm not telling how many years that has been) I have worked with multiple older Singer machines and a variety of Brother models.  This is definitely a good one.  I make padded camera bags and neck straps, and have killed a low end Brother trying to get through all the layers that are required for them, but this machine works just fine.  I have made several straps and three bags since getting this machine.  Also, the decorative stitches are beautiful, and varied. I used one of them to edge a dress I made for my daughter and she loved it.  I did read a review stating that the owner had sewn leather on this machine; I have not been brave enough to try that.  I have used multiple layers of twill, fleece, cotton, and various padding.  You do have to slow down going through so many layers, but mostly you have to do that anyway or the pins will get you.  It seems to have the ability to adjust the tension automatically to some extent.  I can go from working on one of my thick, padded bags to teaching my kids to sew on just one or two layers of cotton and the tension adjusts in just a few stitches.

Although I have been sewing for about 24 years, (uh oh, told on myself) I have never had a computerized machine before.  I had a digital readout, but not a true computerized one, and I will admit to having been a bit scared that it would be more complicated than I was up to.  In reality, it is very easy.  You do need to take a few minutes and go through the instruction manual, but after that it is uncomplicated.  The display is logical and not hard to understand once you get a basic understanding of it.

I read hundreds of reviews of a dozen machines before I chose this one.  I'm not sorry for the time spent because it led me to purchase this machine and I have been very pleased.  I would recommend it to any serious sewer.  My machine gets use on a daily basis, and this is my fourth machine in the 10 years since I married.  I hope to have a long relationship with it."
"Hate my machine! I had an old kenmore for years and it still worked when i gave it away. Wanted a portable so husband gave me a baby lock -- love it but after 20 years I started having problems. Started having problems with this brother right off. Stitches are unprodictable , sometimes fabric won't move. Instead of relaxing it's become a stress."
"See my update to this review at the bottom.  I am very happy with my new Brother PC-420 Project Runway Limited Edition sewing machine.  As usual, Amazon delivered the machine sooner than stated and it arrived in excellent condition.  Amazon should be the benchmark for all on-line sellers.

The machine does everything Brother promised it could do.  This is my first electronic machine and I must say I waited too long to take the plunge.  This machine was easy to use right out of the box.  Things I liked about the machine right away were: 1. the no foot pedal mode, 2. the auto needle 'down' function, 3. the automatic thread cutter, 4. the easier than easy bobbin winder, 5. the fact that threading the machine was such a breeze, 6. the easy to use needle threader. 7. that it comes with lots of presser feet, 8. and that there are tons of affordable accessories available to purchase (of course I did that!).  Things that Brother could have done better: 1. the light is so very weak (I had to buy a sewing lamp to be able to see the sewing zone properly), 2. the quide marks on the needle plate are just about impossible to read, 3. the sew speed lever is a pretty flimsy.

All in all, excellent value for the money.

May 13, 2013:  After one year of sewing with this machine I have changed my rating from 5 stars to only 3 stars.  Here are some of the things that I have found that bother me about this machine.  None of these affect the quality of machine sewing they are just irritants that I never found with my Kenmore machine.  The fact that the light on the machine is very weak has become a real source of frustration for me.  I have purchased several different lamps trying to improve the view of the sewing area with only limited success.  Last month the auto needle threader just stopped working.  My eyes are not what they used to be so I will have to take it in to the repair shop. The part of the machine that is supposed to be removed to allow for armhole sewing always jams and I have to give it several strong tugs to get it off.  At first I was afraid I would break something but now I just yank it off.  The one thing that does affect the quality of sewing is that the machine often gets hung up when sewing over more than 2 thicknesses of material.  I have learned to use two hands to help the machine over these areas."
"I just got the Brother PC-420 Project Runway Edition last week after 5 months of research.  It was a decision narrowed down between Janome DC1050, Singer Quantum Stylest 9960 and this.  Why did I pick Brother?  I went to every brand dealer in my vicinity and tried every machine in my price bracket, even a few higher. I had test drove the Brother Innov-is 80, which is dealer only, and was very impressed with the machine and it's functions.  I had also tried the Janome.  I have sewn on Singer's for the past 35 years.  Well I emailed Brother to find out what the difference between that dealer machine and this one and they said it was only a few stitches and a few differences in the buttons.  That sold me.  Now it is home with me and here is my thoughts so far.

YOU CAN'T GO WRONG WITH THIS MACHINE!!!!  Well, you can if you don't know how to sew.  It comes with 13 feet including the quilting feet (not a 1/4 piece foot though.) and most of them fit into the compartment of the machine.  It can handle the big cotton thread spools that I use all the way down to the skinny Sulky ones.  It only uses the Brother bobbins so put in extra order for those but comes with 4.  The light was great but I would like to see a second light under the arm of the machine.  It is super quiet unless you are sewing fast.  It has 294 stitch functions, which I spent 4 hours testing every one of them.  They were all fantastic.  Note on the fancy stitches, keep speed at medium or the stitches distort.  Save the speed for straight stitches only. It has a very unique threading system.  I tried to do it without looking at manual and wasn't doing it right.  The automatic threader surprised the lint out of me.  I think it would easily break if you didn't follow the steps exactly.  The bobbin is a drop in and super easy to get loaded.  It also has a built in thread cutter.  I need to play with that more as when I was doing the stitch sampler with all the fancy stitches I noticed little thread nest at the beginning of the row of stitches.  Not a big deal but I may be doing something wrong.  That is totally new for me so I may have to read more into it.  I have only glanced at the book to find quickly what I wanted to do.  The manual is a book, explaining everything in extreme detail.  You either get it or you don't.  It is a computerized machine and even has a way to design your own stitches on a grid.  I don't think this is a good machine for the beginner or someone who knows nothing about sewing.  You have to know your way around a machine a little.  YOU HAVE TO USE GOOD THREAD!!!!!!!  I had a spool of good thread but it may have been a little old and it snapped and shredded on me a few times.  I took it out and replaced with a new spool I just bought and no problems at all.  I am finishing up a quilt that my daughter pieced as her first quilt on the machine now and it is the best machine I have ever quilted on.  I have yet to try the free motion quilting and dropping the feed dogs, but the regular quilting methods are great!  It has a lot of room under the arm of the machine, just a thread under 8 inches.  Plenty of room!!!  I know this machine will advance me even further into sewing techniques.  It is just a great machine and I am very happy that I chose this one.  One last note for now...the machine defaults to a left needle position when you turn it on.  Why Brother?  Who sews to the left?  Weird!  I will use my label machine to make a note for that. You have to reset to center manually.  People break a lot of needles if you do not remember that!  I love my new Brother!  I hope my review helps."
"I purchased my Brother 420 from Amazon in April of 2011.  It worked perfectly until one month prior to the warranty expiring.  At this time I was working on a new project that required me to lower the feed dog and it would not lower.  Luckily, the machine was still under warranty.  I would recommend that every purchaser try every feature within the first few months of ownership.

I sew every single day and this machine has been wonderful.  It has every stitch and function any sewer will need. It is very quiet and the stitches from straight to decorative are beautiful.  It is very easy to change the feet.  The bobbin winds very eveningly. The self-threader is very efficient but the sewer must remember to use it with the needle in the ""up"" position.  The manual is well written and very helpful as has been the Brother helpline when I have had questions. The only complaint I have is that it does not automatically adjust to sew from thin to thick such as sewing over the seams of jeans as effortlessly as I would like.  The sewer must press the button on the side of the ""J"" foot prior to going over the thick seam.  However, with frequency, this step becomes second nature.

If the machine had not malfunctioned I would give it 5 stars.  I would definitely recommend this machine to anyone from beginner to advance seamstress.  I will write another review on the second anniversary of my ownership.<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Style-SA156-Sewing-Machine-Bobbins-for-Brother-10-Pack/dp/B001UCGZXI/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Style SA156 Sewing Machine Bobbins for Brother - 10 Pack</a>"
"Wow, this Lady glides like a rocket and sings like a star (very quiet)! We are going to be the bestest of friends. :-) Hefty and sturdy weight, but not too much so. This is THE ""Mac-Daddy"" compared to my other Brother sewing machine. I've gotta hand it to Brother, they turn out very good sewing machines for the beginner all the way up to the expreienced sewer. Don't know how many times I could say ""Wow"" about this machine, but how many ever it would be, it wouldn't be enough. WooHoo!! (Yeah, gotta get a few of those in too!) You just can't go wrong buying this machine, it is worth every penny that you pay for it and more. Happy sewing!

*Final Note: The only difference between the Brother PC-420 and the Brother PC-420PRW model is the ""Project Runway"" logo/decal on the machine on the upper left. I called Brother and confirmed this."
A fabulous machine.  It's easy to use and offers a little bit of everything.  I wish I had more quality time to spend with it.
"I wasted my money on this machine. It was advertised as capable of being used for quilting. We took it back for adjustment 3 times, each time getting a lecture about the poor quality of machines on Amazon. It would never hold the tension steady so the stitches either puckered or left loops of thread in each stitch. By the time we realized it was junk, it was too late too return it. So we're out $400. Lesson learned:1. Buy from a local dealer or Costco, not Amazon."
"Have made a few projects with this sewing machine and I love it so far!  I have made dresses and skirts, a couple of fabric baskets (out of canvas) etc.  It is  a vast improvement over my last machine.  I have done some of its specialty stitches just for fun and they seem lovely.  Easy to learn, just a quick read of the manual.  Love all the accessories (different feet, etc).  Goes through several layers of fabric very well.  It is quiet (but that is relative to my last machine) and seems to have even stitching.  I start quilting next week and hope that it works well for that as well!"
"Have enjoyed using and learning how to use new stitches with my new PC-420.  The stitches are beautiful and oh, my goodness, it threads itself!!  Threading the needle, loading the bobbin, setting new stitches...all work well and easy to follow the directions.

Have loved my Elna for years but this one is truly awesome."
"I am the very beginniest of beginners and L-O-V-E this machine! User friendly enough for someone like me, yet advanced enough to grow into. First job was a test...hemming a pair of jeans. I've attempted this feat on other machines before and failed. This one zipped through like, ""Oh...that was denim? I didn't notice."" Flawless! This thing drives like a Cadillac! I'm now frantically searching for sewing projects, gotta go...."
"i have an Elna machine and didn't want to tote it around to
classes so I bought this Brother machine. Well, if I would of
bought this one first, I wouldn't of bought the Elna. The 420
does everything the Elna does."
"I just recently purchased the Brother PC-420 and I was a little hesitant because the Brother sewing machines from an Authorized dealer is so much more expensive, it made me wonder.. What's the big difference? I even went to Atlanta to test drive the high end Brother sewing machines like the Innovis 40 and 80 and I was not impressed, so I took the plunge, and so far I am very happy that I did. I just finished a quilted project, and in some of the area I had to sew through 5 layers of fabric including a layer of cotton batting, and it went right through it with ease. The work area is spacious, and quilting on this is a breeze. I love the automatic thread cutter, and the needle threader, both work without problems. The features on this machine is comparable to the pricer Laura Ashley Innovis-800 except this one does not have the side feed feature or a extension table and it is about $450.00 cheaper. For about $56, you can buy an extension table (which by the way, I purchased the ext.table here at Amazon and the service and table was excellent). I also like the fact that it is user friendly, the accompanying user manual is very easy to read. I know I just got it, but so far, so good. I just hope that it will last for years to come.
Update- 12/12/12
I hate I had to return my PC-420, the machine started to make little nest in the bobbin, and the feed was pulling to the left. It true the some of the font is very sloppy, the only one that worked well was the box font. I really did like the ease of that machine but over time it did not hold up. I think I'm going to try the Juki-f600, I hope it holds up better."
I love this sewing machine. Very easy to use. Love the threader. Occasionally the thread gets caught in the lower part where the bobbin goes but that's probably because I'm not an expert at sewing. I've had it about a year and had no real problems. Love love love.
"I've been sewing for years and my 1983 Singer finally gave up.  I looked at reviews of Singer and Brother since they both have machines in the price range I was willing to spend. I selected this model after seeing the reviews here and on a blog with a video demonstration. I am really pleased with it.

While I'm not a decorative stitch sort of person, I'll probably try some of them out eventually, but for the items I've sewn so far, I've been impressed. The overcast stitches are pretty good for seams. While it isn't at the level of a separate serger type machine, it is pretty darned close.

The way it sews, the bobbin winding function, the smoothness of the feeder---all excellent. Some features that are interesting: You have your choice to not use the presser foot, and can use a button on the machine if  you want. For me it was too much of a change and I found that I prefer the presser foot. Very easy to reinforce your stitch at the beginning and end of a seam with a reverse stitch button. I was surprised at how quickly I could sew garments without having to deal with some familiar Singer sewing machine issues (thread coming out of the needle right before the feeder starts/thread tension issues, tangled bobbin threads.

The default settings aren't my favorite,for example the needed DOES default right rather than center. And I find that I must be careful on the needle position when changing out the various presser feet. The little screw driver that comes with the machine doesn't quite have the oomph to undo the screw to change out the needle and I think that this feature would be better with a paddle top screw that you loosen and tighten by hand.

The instructions in the booklet are clear, but you do have to jump around to find the thing you need."
"For a few years I've sewn on my friends machine that's very similar to this model; I love it!!  So, when I found this one on Amazon for such an amazing price, I had to buy it!!  The threader and scissor features are superb.  I'm a quilter and decided to buy the extension table.  I love it....it makes piecing my rows together so much easier."
"I just purchased this machine and can't be happier with it!  I did alot of research and read reviews from many websites before deciding which machine to purchase.

I am so amazed at what this machine can do and feel this was the perfect choice for me.  I inherited my grandmother's Singer sewing machine from the 40's or 50's and have always sewed on that.  I received my  PC 420 machine, took it out of the box and set it up in minutes and was ready to sew.  Couldn't believe how user friendly this machine is.  I also purchased the wide table and am so glad I did.  Perfect accessory...a must have, I think!  It fits on the hard cover case as well and also the knee lift snaps to the underneath for storage.  The machine comes with lots of extras that is not listed in the Amazon description...lots of presser feet, etc.

GREAT machine!!!"
"<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Brother-PC-420-PRW-Limited-Edition-Project-Runway-Sewing-Machine/dp/B000XE3FGO/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Brother PC-420 PRW Limited Edition Project Runway Sewing Machine</a>
This is my first sewing machine, and I absolutely love it!  I really researched and ask around about sewing machines because there are just so many machines out there how do you know what you want and need.  This machine had all the perks I wanted plus some.  Automatic needle threader can't say enough about it, Automatic reverse at the beginning and end of your stitching use it every time, automatic cutter plus a knee lift.  I really can't say enough about this machine. I've only had it since December of 2011 but already I have made 6 fleece bath robes, 3 aprons, one pillow, two purses, a pillow case dress and working on a jacket!  Absolute no problem at all so far.  The machine is also very easy to maneuver and use.  I also love the price of this machine for what you get, the ONLY machine I was able to find with all its features and 13 accessory feet for the price, you just can't beat it.  Hope this review helps anyone looking buy a sewing machine."
"I purchased this machine to create occasional mock-ups of product for my design business which involve using some features like the open toe quilting foot and a simple zigzag satin stitch.  This machine had great reviews but the local dealers didn't carry this internet model, so I tested what I believed to be a comparable machine which seemed fine. Perhaps for sewing up ordinary rips and making simple garments, the machine is okay.  But my friend and business associate who has 40+ plus years in tailoring and craft sewing for commercial companies didn't think the straight stitch measured up to even her early 80s Kenmore. I thought my friend just put off by using a computerized machine, until I tried to satin stitch around a simple appliqu myself and found that as I slowed down as I neared a curve or point, the length of the stitches got much larger going from a close satin stitch to an open zig zag.  Yikes! I had to sew like a ""bat out of H"" from the very first stitch and then come a screeching halt as I neared a juncture (when the piece had to be turned) in order to get the length of the stitches to be even. It took us an entire afternoon to sew around a simple 8"" x 12"" appliqu.  We ended up having to satin stitch over parts of it by hand to make it look professional enough to show to a client. We think this machine is kind of a nightmare.

I have 17 years experience using graphics programs to design commuter artwork so I'm not computer phobic. But even with the 2 of us reading each other the directions on how to reset things on the LCD screen, many things simply do not work. There's really too few buttons to perform a myriad of functions and we constantly had to consult the manual (at least there was one!). I wonder how many reviewers of this machine have tried to do something like create and save an embroidery stitch program. We thought it very confusing.  We have used this machine for about 6 months. hoping that with use. we would become more experienced and the results would improve. But no. Fortunately, there were 2 of us working on some of these projects, so we managed to keep a sense of humour about the machine's foibles. Otherwise I think I would have gone crazy.

There's lots of nice features on the machine but things like the automatic needle threader only works about once in 3 tries. The horizontal positioning and size of the thread case really limits the types of thread that can be used without rewinding it to a smaller spool.  The more we use the machine, the more problems we find with it. We tried using the foot pedal with the sewing speed controller for satin stitch, but once on we turned it on, we could never figure out how to turn it off, though it seems simple enough in the manual.

I tried calling the 800# for Brother but the message directing to me a new phone # was as confusing as the machine. Maybe the machine I got is just a lemon, but using this machine has not been an enjoyable experience. This is not a Bernina and you may not want to spend even $400 on a feature packed machine that is unreliable."
"This machine has tons of stitch functions and attachments, of which I will say I love the knee-lifter. The thread cutter is nice, however I find it slows me down. I am a 5th generation quilter and have been doing creative sewing for years...I can honestly say I was willing to give this machine a try, but the quality just isn't there.
My machine is now broken. I dropped the ""feed dogs"" to sew on satin, and they won't raise again. I was offered a P.O. to send it in for repairs, but that would mean packing it back up and shipping it out.

My Janome Threadbanger (a collector's edition TB12 now called something else) and Janome TB 30 have served me much better to be honest. Emphasis here on QUALITY over ""quantity"" (of stitches, attachments, etc). The Janome machines are simply made better. My advice to anyone interested would be this: if you are either new to sewing or have been sewing on mainstream sewing machines for a while, you may be quite happy with the Project Runway machine because it would be considered an ""upgrade"" to a regular machine bought in traditional stores. However, if you are a ""purist"" like myself, and have been accustomed to sewing on a heavy-duty machine you might not be happy with the quality of this model. I learned how to sew from my Grandmother, on a White sewing machine...very heavy duty. We relied on our own creativity and being used to that, it's hard going to an electronic machine that is a bit more delicate and tempermental.

If you are into making clothes, handbags, quilts, home decor, etc., the more basic and sturdy machines are what you want. I've sold many home decor items at shows, and the fun stitching isn't what you see so much as, say embellishments you will add or how you put it all together. It all depends on how you like to sew, and what your expectations are.

The key here is if you want a machine to do a lot of the work for you and help you along with the creative process of sewing, this would probably work well for you. If you already have the creativity on your own and can guide the machine to do what YOU want it to, then pass on this and go for a Janome. Hope this helps!"
"I have been sewing for 35 years on a Swiss-made Elna, purchased new as a wedding gift to me. I NEVER had a problem with it and then the zig-zag went out , unable to be repaired. I sewed a little on my daughter's Brother and it was too fun having everything just one-touch away. I researched and chose the Brother PC 420 and I have been really putting it to the test. The stitches look as precise as a Bernina I looked at. This machine is very user-friendly, quiet, and looks sleek. My only fear is that it won't last 35 years, and I wish it had metal bobbins. If you just know you need to replace bobbins (which are inexpensive)  and be gentle as everything is pretty light-weight plastic, you should be humming along with a smile. The truth is , even the new Swiss-made machines have a lot of exterior plastic parts that you need to baby a bit and the cost is triple what this Brother is."
"I've had my Brother sewing machine for just over a year, and have nothing but good things to say.  I replaced a really old Singer, and am amazed at how well the Brother works.  I've used other machines through the years, but have never found another model that made sewing this much fun.  I've done several home projects, and am going through my back-log of fabric.  I feel that I've only begun to explore the possibilities with this model.  The accessories that were include with the Project Runway model made things easy since I didn't have to buy anything."
"Let me say, I've had this machine for 9 months.  I researched a long time before deciding on this machine.  Initially when looking for machines, I thought I wanted a Bernina or Janome or Viking.  But with these machine brands, the machines that had the features I wanted were well outside of my budget.  And since buying my Brother 420 - I haven't had any regrets!

My sewing habits: quilting, piecing, home decor (pillows - w/zippers, curtains), some *basic* garments, purses ....

Right out of the box, the machine is sleek, sturdy, easy to use.  I like that the machine has some weight behind it - it allows it to handle some large quilts w/o being pushed around.  The throat of the machine isn't ideal for large quilts, but w/proper quilt management, it can be done.

Why did I buy this machine:
1. AUTO THREAD CUTTER - - I use this feature EVERY time I sew. I find it most useful for quilting and I have to change the thread/needle placement/replace bobbin/etc.  It can be v. difficult to get underneath a huge quilt to clip the threads - but w/this button it is so easy!  It is also nice to have for other pieces, though - b/c it cuts the threads so short you minimize the waste of thread.

2. SPEED CONTROL - I use this frequently when I am doing some difficult sewing - zippers, curves, applique - so I don't have to put any energy into the foot peddle - I can put all my concentration on the piecing/sewing.

3. NEEDLE DOWN - such a simple yet useful feature to have. great for corners, curves, and really anything.  I always have this feature turned on.

4. DROP FEED DOGS - this is great for applique, free motion quilting.

5. NEEDLE THREADER - I can't tell you how nice this is!  My last machine didn't have this.  This wasn't a requirement for me, but now that I have it I could never go back.  Threading the machine takes 2 seconds!  Just caution - I had a difficult time figuring out how to use this out of the box.  The directions in the booklet weren't clear enough for me.  I didn't see a lot of people post this question, so I'm not sure most people have difficult w/this - but it was hard for me. Basically, you have to make sure the #6 step - the thread is pulled all the way through the clip to the left - then it works 100% of the time.

6. DECORATIVE STITCHES - This is kind of a neutral feature for me.  It is nice that the machine has more than the average number of decorative stitches - and I have definitely used the ones that are on the machine.  I feel like everyone says you never use the decorative stitches.  And for most people, I suppose this is true. However, I really thought that I would want to use these - and sure enough I was right.  So for me, I wish there were more decorative stitches and option w/them (make them longer/wider). However, I suppose to satisfy me, I'd probably have to get an embroidery machine.  So I'm not sure my expectations for decorative stitches are fair to put on a sewing machine. HENCE - this is a neutral feature for me - it's not bad, but it's not great.

7. SPEED - it sews fast! and straight! love this

8. VALUE - I really felt like the machine could do a lot for the money - and I still stand by that.  In addition to all the features, the machine came w/a lot of accessories that other machines, especially the designer brands, require you to pay extra for - walking foot, different feet, tools, etc.

COMPLAINTS:

1. FONTS: I thought the fonts would be more useful.  I have used them as borders on baby quilts (ABC * 123 * ABC * 123, etc).  That looks nice.  I have used them a few other times but really, they are really small in size, even on ""large"" setting.  That said, I could probably get an embroidery machine if I want more options.

2. BOBBIN WINDER: ok, maybe I'm doing it wrong - but I cannot get the machine to wind the bobbin thread evenly w/o manually easing the thread up and down on the bobbin.  This isn't a deal breaker - but it would be nice to not have to worry about that.  And if someone knows how to fix this or can tell me what I'm doing wrong - please contact me!

3. DEFAULT: ugh, this is the only fault that is really annoying for me! EVERYTIME the machine turns on and off it resets all settings to default.  This is annoying if you have set a stitch series and didn't save it before you turned the machine off (i.e. when you spell a word w/the fonts, or create a pattern w/different decorative stitches).  The most annoying part for me: The machine defaults the needle position to the right versus the center. B/c I quilt I usually have my 1/4"" foot attached to the machine which only allows for the needle in the middle position. I have broken SOOO many needles b/c I forget to change the needle position when I first turn the machine on. I really should have learned my lesson by now, but I CONSTANTLY forget.

So all in all - weighing all the features, accessories, cost versus the 1 negative that really bothers me - I am VERY happy w/this machine. I would go back and buy this machine all over again."
"I have always had Singer machines. I wanted a machine with auto thread cutting, knee lift pressure foot, and an extension table. The extension table had to be purchased separately but this still was the best price for features that I wanted. I am very happy with this machine. It is quiet, sews smoothly, and the stitches are perfectly formed. The only thing negative that I can think of is having to scroll through the decorative stitches and the icons for changing features like auto needle up, auto thread cutting etc are hard to understand. The manual that comes with the machine is very good so I am sure that when I have used the machine for a while I will be able to change the settings without any problem. I would recommend this machine for a beginner or an experienced seamstress that wants a good machine with some great features.

 I have used this machine for several months and have not had any problems. I have used it to teach my 5 year old grandaughter to sew and it is great to have a start/stop button so that she does not have to use the foot pedal and also the ability to adjust the speed. I have used almost all of the embroidery stitches while teaching a group of girls to sew at church. It is important to use a stabilizer for uniform stitches. If you are having trouble with especially the satin type stitches I would suggest that you try a tear away stabilizer that can be purchased at most fabric and quilting shops. I stand by my 5 star review, this is a great machine for beginners to advanced sewers."
"I have a lot of machines, and I love this machine. You will too once you get it home and start using it. This machine has tons of features for this price level. One of the biggest feature is the automatic thread cutter. With the touch of a button this machine lifts the presser foot and cuts the thread for you. No more long strands of thread hanging about on the floor, just clean, cut thread at the end of your seams. You can also program the machine to automatically cut the thread at the end of your work. The automatic threader is not a flimsy little threader, but a heavy duty reliable threader that has never let me down. This machine is sturdy and heavy enough to sew through layers and layers of denim. It also comes with a myriad of presser feet and a must have if you sew lots of corners...a knee lift. As if all these features weren't enough, the machine also does monogramming and numbers. This machine is totally worth every penny.

[...]"
"My old machine has served me very well it is over 30 years old and used much.  It was just too expensive to get attachments for it.  I wanted a walking foot and I got this new brother with a walking foot for just 200 dollars more than the foot alone would cost.
The machine has many features I like thread cutter, locking stitch, knee lever, just to mention three.  I'm still getting to know many of the features.  Having a great time sewing with it.  Sews as well as my old machine and even 30 years ago the old one was 3 times as much money.
Wonderful product for the money."
"Finally, a sewing machine that makes good buttonholes right out of the box. This Brother PC-420 arrived a few days ago, on time as usual. I loved playing with some of the many, many decorative stitches and tried out the buttonhole, too. So far I've only made my 4 year old granddaughter a dress and a hat, but have the makings for a lot more! I am so looking forward to sewing with this machine.
The only negative thing I have to say is after you take of the removable thing that holds some of the pressure feet is that the basic base is larger than other machines and I could not get the size girl 5 sleeve around it to sew. But my little granddaughter is growing and soon the sleeve sizes will be larger. Aside from that and the run on sentence, it's wonderful!"
"I bought this machine for myself as a Christmas gift and just used it for the first time today.  I am blown away by how easy this machine is to operate.  I had an older Brother that I could never get to work correctly and over the past few years pretty much stopped sewing. After reading all the positive reviews, I gave Brother another try. I've got the sewing fever now that I've experienced the self threader, bobbin winder and beautiful stitching of this machine.  This sewing machine is a dream come true, and yes it is worth the cost! By purchasing this machine from Amazon you get many extra feet, great shipping and the lowest price around. I can't wait to start a new project!"
"I AM AN EXPERIENCED SEWER, I SEW CLOTHING, PURSES, QUILTS ETC. THIS MACHINE IS A DREAM. IT COMES WITH ALL THE FUNCTIONS OF THE HIGH END BROTHER INNOVIS MACHINES, SUCH AS AUTOMATIC KNEE LIFT, THREAD CUTTER, AUTOMATIC NEEDLE THREADER, A TON OF PRESSURE FEET AND MUCH MUCH MORE. THE STITCHES ARE BEAUTIFUL AND EVEN THOUGH YOU CAN CHANGE THE PRESSURE OF THE PRESSURE FOOT , I HAVE BEEN GOING FROM LIGHT TO HEAVY MATERIALS WITHOUT HAVING TO CHANGE ANY PRESSURE OR STITCH LENGTH OR WIDTH ADJUSTMENTS. THE MACHINE SEWS BEAUTIFULLY ON ANY TYPE OF MATERIAL. THE AUTOMATIC NEEDLE THREADER WORKS ALL THE TIME , HOWEVER,MAKE SURE YOU TURN THE WHEEL AND HAVE THE NEEDLE IN THE HIGHEST AVAILABLE POSITION, BEFORE YOU USE IT. THE AUTOMATIC NEEDLE THREADER WORKS IN THE TWO STRAIGHT STITCH POSITIONS. THAT IS A REALLY ADDED BENEFIT. MOST MACHINES ONLY WORKS WITH NEEDLE IN THE CENTER POSITION. THE AMOUNT OF EXTRA PRESSURE FEET YOU GET WITH THIS MACHINE IS STAGGERING, PLUS INCLUDED WITH THE MACHINE, IS A BOOK THAT SHOWS YOU ALL THE OPTIONAL FEET YOU CAN GET FOR YOUR MACHINE ALONG WITH THE PRODUCT NUMBER. THE GREAT THING IS THAT AMAZON HAS MOST OF THESE FEET AVAILABLE. MAKE SURE YOU USE THE BOBBINS MEANT FOR THIS MACHINE. THEY ARE A LITTLE LARGER THAN THE STANDARD SIZE CLEAR BOBBIN. THE BOBBIN IS THE EASIEST ONE I HAVE EVER HAD TO LOAD, AND BOBBIN WINDING IS  A SNAP. I HAVE OWNED OVER TEN DIFFERENT SEWING MACHINES, AND NO THAT DOES NOT INCLUDE S.ERGERS, I HAVE OWNED A TON OF DIFFERENT ONES OF THOSE ALSO , THIS IS BY FAR ONE OF THE BEST MACHINES I HAVE EVER HAD. DO NOT HESITATE. IT HAS BEEN CREEPING UP IN PRICE, SO I WOULD GET IT AS FAST I POSSIBLY CAN. THANKS

February 13th 2012

I have now been using this machine for a month, and I keep finding out more wonderful things about it. It continues to sew like a dream, the stitches are uniform and flawless, and there is nothing it cannot do. Do not waste your money on a higher end machine that are only sold through dealers, First of all, what you get, is not worth the money. Plus I was floored when  I found out that some of the high end babylocks,are made at the same place the brother machines are. So basically this is the same machine as the other , one gets one label, the other one get the other label. I saw the comparable machine at the dealer, and I could not find any difference except the label. So save yourselves some money and get the brother. You will be very happy, and save so much money. I hope this helps you. Happy Sewing!!!!"
I just received my new machine and it is really nice.  I haven't done everything on it yet but it is very quiet on high speed and very easy to use. I like the tread cutter and threading the machine was easy.  It took me a few minutes to learn how the auto needle thread work but it was super too.  The bobbin was very easy to thread and I really like the thread cutter saves on thread. My mom own a brother and I have had my old brother for over 10yrs and it still works just decided to update.  Brother is a good machine and I don't think I would go with anyone else. I rate this machine at a 5 star so far. Super nice for the price. Super service for the people at Amazon thanks
"Finally got to test out this machine after all the holiday shuffle. I have sewed before but have never wound my own bobbin, changed a presser foot or needle so I was nervous and intimidated to own my own machine. I still wanted something that had all the bells and whistles that would inspire me to learn and use it often. This is the perfect sewing machine for me. It was easy to read the instructions and begin sewing right away. So easy! I have tried out a dozen decorative stitches including the little alligator and all are very even, neat and cute. The machine is also compact and light while still feeling sturdy.
I love this machine and would recommend it to anyone looking to get a great sewing machine for a great price!"
"I own this machine, it is everything I had hoped it would be.  I have two other machines, but this is my favorite!  I have yet had a problem with it.  It is quite, threads like a dream, love the see through bobbin case, and I love that the thread spool is covered and protected from dust.

It has so many stitches that I may never use them all, but the ones that I have used always look great and the decorative stitches look better than some I have seen from a much more expensive machine!

If you are on the fence about buying this machine, go ahead and take the plunge!  You will love it and will want to sew more than ever and the price Amazon has it for is a great price, I paid quite a bit more for mine!"
"The sewing machine was shipped to us in great condition with all parts. Wish the info would have shown that it included a case, it didn't so we bought one separately and had to pay to return it."
"really like it - lots of stitches, good needle threader, good instruction manual, good on heavy fabrics.  comes with a lot of foot attachments.  only problems are minor - not so great lighting, occasionally have problems with thread tension and needle threader.  also, doesn't work well with heavy thread.  these are problems with most machines, however.  bobbin case seems a little loose - bobbin jumps around with sewing. thread cutter works, but you will have to re-thread machine afterwards. easy to thread and use.  buttonhole function works great.  easy to take apart and clean. feels sturdy and well built.  bobbin winder - a little tricky to do - but there are visual instructions right by the winder.  I got the attachable table with it - that works great.  was shipped quickly and packaged well."
"I absolutely love this machine. The functions on it are fabulous. I love being able to move the needle into 7 different positions. Saves on moving the fabric around. Its strong, powerful, and versatile. I have an older Brother that I wanted to upgrade, and knew there wasn't any other machine I wanted. The functions, the reliability, and the price, all made my decision easy. I did have a problem with the bobbin that others complained about. But contacted Amazon and had another one shipped within hours. Their return policy is unbeatable. I love Amazon and Brother !!"
So many great features.  The manual gives great directions on how to do a lot of the functions.  Beginners should not be scared to buy this for their first machine. Very quiet.
"Just received the Brother PC-420 as a Christmas gift.  It arrived promptly with free shipping, was double boxed, air bagged, styrofoamed and extremely well packaged.
I carefully checked the exterior cardboard box for damage or evidence of any harsh treatment en route before opening.
I've only gotten to play with my new Brother PC-420 a short time before it was wrapped and put under the tree, but it self threaded itself easily, and hummed along in wonderfully perfect straight rows of stitches (which I wanted to check on immediately to make sure it wasn't one of the very few lemons commented upon in the reviews, I would have hated to have Amazon replace it this close to Christmas).
 I've done a lot of research and this machine fits my needs perfectly as an experienced seamstress in the ""sewing machines which do not cost half an arm and leg"" price range.  It comes with a cover, enough attachments for normal use,  and has a $30 rebate I have already mailed off.  The rebate info is on the Amazon page, it does not come in your sewing machine box.  I am very pleased with my new machine.

There was a comment from one reviewer about it being made of plastic.  Well, yes it is.  This is not my Grandmothers Singer treadle machine (which still sews, by the way).
Nor is it my old Brother Boutique 761 which the PC-420 is replacing (and yes, the Brother Boutique still sews also).  It's like all the new computerized appliances, it's very sturdy, but there are places you have to be careful of not taking a ham hand too just as there is on your computer."
"This is a fabulous machine. The threading is easy and it can go for hours. I have only used one or two of the ""fancy"" stitches but they are great. The buttonhole stitching is excellent. I bought the table extension which is wonderful. Plenty of accessories. I have made everything from quilts to lingerie and sewn everything from silk organza to wool double knit. I purchased this based on reviews and hey are accurate. Very pleasd with this machine."
"I had been using a basic (and I mean basic) brother sewing machine for a couple of years and the frustration of it made me not want to sew. I was saving for a Viking, but the added features and options this machine offer (at half the cost of a basic Viking) made me change my mind. After getting this machine sewing is a fun past time.

It took a little bit to understand the machine since it is computerized and I was used to a manual/basic machine, but once you understand the basics you only have to reference the user manual for special stuff. I love that it has automatic threading and the bobbin does not catch. I plan to use this machine for years to come. The 3 letter patterns are an added bonus since I wanted to do basic lettering on some of my daughters stuff, but did not want to have to buy a completely separate machine. I would definately recommend this sewing machine and I have already to all my sewing friends. Buy it!! You won't regret it. I know I don't."
"Received the sewing machine in a timely manner.  Owner's manual easy to use. Sewing machine easy to use. Easy to take on and off the different feet.  Button hole attachment very easy to use.  LED light is helpful.  Love the autmatic threader and thread cutter.  Quiet machine, love the different speeds (which I never thought I'd use).  Overall it's as advertised, a great buy.  I am enjoying it immensely."
"I recently bought the BROTHER 420 PRW sewing machine from Amazon.
I own 6 other machines, including Singer, Janome New Home, Brother, Sears and Bicor.
I was impressed with it's ease of use. I don't have to read the owner's manual to start sewing.
It creates wonderful even stitches. I can't wait to use all 294 stitches.
I would highly recommend this machine for the beginner and experienced sewers.
The needle threader is the best invention since sliced bread.
I would buy this sewing machine again without hesitation.
It didn't hurt to buy it for less at Amazon. It was my first purchase from Amazon and though they said it would arrive in 8 days it was at my front door in less than two."
"I bought this for my girlfriend for her birthday.  She had a good deal of sewing experience and was thrilled with all of the features.  Based on what I watched her do after she unpacked it, anyone with basic sewing machine experience will be able to set it up and use within minutes.  My girlfriend actually used the Letter Embroidery feature immediately - and embroidered my name into a piece of fabric.  Mind you, this was within 5 minutes of threading the machine.  So ease of use should be rated very highly.  Otherwise, you'll have to ask the sewing users out there.  As for anyone thinking of buying this for the sewer in the their lives, this will be a greatly appreciated gift.  You will not go wrong her."
"I'm 25 yrs old and have just recently discovered a love for sewing and quilting. This machine gives u alot for the price. It came with a user's guide that was extremely helpful and easy to follow, it came with a hard case and 12 different presser feet, including a walking foot and free motion foot. I've had this machine since April '11 and I've used every single one of them. It's great quality, it's not all plastic like some machines. I was truly a beginner when i made this purchase and I couldn't have made a better choice. It's smooth, quiet, and very easy to learn. Playing with all the different stitches and presser feet is so much fun. If u buy this machine and are new like me I also strongly recommend finding a Brother dealership nearest to u and ask them if they have a class that can also teach u proper care how to use the different feet and all the stitches as well. It's just great for a beginner to learn on and then move into more advanced levels of skill."
"I have been sewing for 10+ years.  I'm not a pro but not a novice either.  I like some of the features of this machine, but it has not been a joy to own.  I feel like you should sit down, smile, and be happy to sew.  But, I don't trust this machine!  Every time I sit to sew, I feel anxious because I know that a) it will take threading the machine multiple times to work,  b) the stitches will change length for no good reason, c) the thread will get stuck and jam the machine, or a new favorite, start making a grinding/barking noise.  I have delayed writing this review because I wanted to read the manual, check and recheck, and still, I feel like it is just a poor product.  The machine feels super cheap to the touch and look.  Perhaps I am used to the 15 yr old Kenmore, but this thing feels like it won't last for 15 months!  I received it February, and I'm sending it back.  Not knowing if you will be able to sew when you have time is not something a busy mom/engineer wants to encounter."
"I love this machine.  It does everything I have ever asked it to do, and it does so easily and without hiccups.  I'm definitely not an ""experienced"" sewer, but I have sewn for years, and I think this would satisfy the beginner as much as a sewer who wants to accomplish more complicated projects.  It is SO NICE to know that when I work on it, I am not going to have to worry about mechanical problems, stopping and starting, or other technical difficulties.  The stitch options are great, the automatic needle threader is the only one I've ever seen that actually works, and the ""push button to start sewing"" situation is actually really great (but if you don't like that, it still has the pedal).  Love, love, love this machine.

Update: 3 years later I still stand by that review! Love this machine!"
"I haven't sewed in many years, so the new features and digital diplays are all new to me.  With that said, this machine is easy to use.  The only difficulty I had was with the automatic threader.  It takes a couple of attempts before it threads. Other than that it's a great little machine! It's also light enough to move around or store."
"I am not one to splurge on expensive products but this was a great splurge.  I have been using a singer prior to purchasing this machine and am amazed I went this long without upgrading.  This machine doesn't need the pedal, that is how great it is.  It is quiet and easy to use.  What sold me was the option of embroidory.  It comes with so much more then the cheap $70.00 singer I had purchased 2 years ago.  So far, I have had no trouble with it."
"I received this machine and it is great! I am using this for quilting and having fun learning to use this machine too!  I also have a Brother CS6000i and love that machine, but I wanted to upgrade and went with another brother machine again. The New machine has so much, for the price it is great otherwise I would be spending a lot more for a machine that has the same functions.. Love the thread cutter when sewing saves on the thread a GREAT MACHINE."
"I'll make this short and sweet -- I love this sewing machine! It's fun to use and works great. I wish the embroidery stitches were larger, and I wouldn't mind a longer stitch length. Overall, though, I'm extremely happy and would definitely make the purchase again."
"My machine just arrived today and I have been playing with it for about 6 hours now. I love this machine. My experience so far is that anything wrong with the stitches is just about the right tool for the right job (right needle, right thread, right presser foot for right fabric and thickness)...and don't use cheap thread!  I can't get over how much I love having a machine that threads the needle for me!  I replaced a 20 year old Husqvarna Viking that was $2,000 in its heyday. It was my mother's, and since I cannot afford to pay that much for a sewing machine, I went looking for a good machine with at least the bells and whistles that I was giving up. I researched many machines and ordered this machine due to reviews and Brother's reputation and immediately started playing with it when it arrived. I'm in love, I'm in love, I'm in love. The machine is smooth, easy to use, runs like a dream - which makes it almost addicting, so, like the person in an earlier review said, 'Housework'? I must sew!

I have tried some of the decorative stitching, and haven't had any problems. I just had to make sure that I was using the right needle/foot etc. for the stitch and the thickness of the fabric. The book has all of the charts for which thread/needle/foot for each stitch and fabric type and notes on fabric thickness.  When I initially started doing the programmed stitches, they weren't turning out.  When I looked in the book, it said to use a ballpoint needle if the fabric was thin.  It was standard 100% cotton (one-ply), this does not scream 'ballpoint' to me, but I changed it to Ballpoint and took the cheap thread out of the machine and it worked. The backstitch is a little slow, but for 3-5 stitches at the end of a run, I'm not really caring. I like the knee lift for the presser foot very much. It comes in very handy for turning corners. I prefer the foot pedal over pushing the button to start sewing and stop sewing, although the button may grow on me. I do wish that having the foot pedal plugged in did not disengage the run button. Sometimes I reach for the button and I have to be reminded by the LCD display to unplug the foot pedal if I want to use the button. LOL. I love the LCD assist! I do find it odd that the easily visible part of the seam guide is in centimeters, and yet the warranty is a US only warranty. This is not a huge drawback, just odd.

A couple of things:  The machine comes with the bobbin threading (loading the bobbin) instructions in the book, as well as a 'Quick Start Bobbin Threading Guide'.  I recommend using the Quick Start guide (and again, no cheap thread from discount stores). It is a little easier to follow when it gets to wrapping the thread around the Thread Guide for Bobbin Winding. Also, the machine arrived without the Zipper Foot which is one of the standard accessories, so check all of the parts. Brother has been generous with the accessories on this one. There is no way I am parting with this machine for even a moment to return it for a zipper foot, so I just contacted Brother and asked them for the part.

This is a nice machine, and I am very happy with my purchase.  Sewing on this is a pleasure.

Update June 2012: I am still having a love affair with this machine.  Not a single real problem and I have spent alot of time sewing with it.  No tension problems, no mechanical issues.  It still sews the same as when I first took it out of the box.  I did run into a slight glitch about 6 months ago.  I was sewing curtains using a brocade that ravels if you look at it.  The fraying got all caught up in the bobbin case.  I easily opened up the case and removed the jam, but was having problems realigning the bobbin casing by looking in the User Guide.  I went back through my documentation and saw that Brother had included a one sheet guide for aligning the bobbin case.  If you need to reinsert the bobbin casing, I would ignore the User Guide and bypass the frustration.  The machine came with a separate one sheet guide that I recommend using.  The book does not give any details on aligning the casing. It took me less than 10 seconds once I found the separate instructions. Still going strong! LOVE this machine!"
"I have had this machine for about 7 months now, and it works WONDERFULLY! I have used so many of the functions, the different feet, and I have never had any issues whatsoever. Instructions are so easy to follow. Everything that I have made comes out great!"
I LOVE my new Brother Project Runway machine!  It sews like a dream and has so many features.  I will be getting my sixth grandchild soon and can't wait to create new things for her using all the features on the machine...very easy to use...and much less than what I would have to pay locally. Thanks Amazon!
"I am convinced that this machine is powered by tiny magical sewing elves that lurk within. There is not other explanation. It sews like a dream, and has features you normally pay hundreds extra for. I don't even know what all the feet do yet, but they are so shiny and pretty! The knee-lifter was a nice surprise, I like it more than I had expected. And I never tire of the auto-threader, drop-in bobbin or auto trimmer at the end. My old Elna workhorse will be gathering dust for now... I saw a refurbished Babylock machine that was IDENTICAL to this one, and even used it was way more expensive!

The only thing I had a problem with (the before noted small text stitches and lighting aren't even issues for me/what I do) is the reverse stitch being reeeeeally slow. Pressing the button or having it set to automatically reinforce stitches, it runs through those stitches like it's on morphine. I tried to find a way to change it in the manual, but gave up and left cookies for the sewing elves instead. Maybe they'll like me and fix that little oddity...

UPDATE- Still stitching away, still love this machine. One thing I learned though was never, ever EVER try to save a dollar and buy knock-off bobbins that claim to fit this machine. Buy the Brother brand and avoid problems. I had some that LOOKED the same and seemed to fit just fine. My thread kept jamming up, and I tossed them. Problem never returned."
"I got my first PC420 at the beginning of May 2011. The thread tension didn't work, so I asked Amazon to replace it. I got a second sewing machine that had exactly the same threading problem. Thinking it was maybe my fault (since this is the first sewing machine I own), I drove one hour to the Brother servicing center. They fixed the problem, but warned me that it may occur again, since apparently the PC series is defective in that regard. Sure enough, it happened again two months later. I'm now returning the machine to Amazon for good and looking for a different brand/model to purchase that doesn't let me down that frequently. I'm glad that Amazon has a fantastic return policy, but I'm really disappointed at Brother for selling a clearly defective series. It's a great sewing machine with plenty of features and accessories and I had fun using it while it worked, but it's too much of a liability for me to keep it. At some point the warranty is going to run out and it will cost me more to keep repairing it and driving one hour to the servicing center than to upgrade to a better model."
"I boutght this machine after my 20 year old Kenmore bit the dust.  The only drawback that Brother could improve upon is that you can not set a default stitch.  I am a quilter and always use the P stitch for 1/4 inch.  A few times, I have forgotten to set the stitch and had to rip out stitches.  Machine is nice and quiet, smooth, easy to change out attachments.  It only took a few minutes to learn how to bwind bobbin and thread machine and I was sewing.  Love the sart/top button and have never used the foot pedal.  This was the only machine I could find in this price range that had the auto cutter feature.  The local Brother dealers I spoke with were a bit miffed that they can't buy and told me that I would have trouble getting it serviced.  After I showed one of them the deal on the internet, she was shockd at how low the price is and told me that if she sold the machine, she could not come anywhere close to the price.  Finally, told me that she would service the machine like any other."
I have five Brother machines and I think this is one of my favorites with the exception of my embroidery machines. Sooo easy to use.
"I am a machine piece/hand quilter. My sewing machine broke. Literally LOL I did all kind of previews tring to decide on a new one. I even called Brother asking for recommendations.(They were so nice and helpful). I went to a dealer and couldn't do the price. I even UTubed machine reviews. I looked at Amazon and found the best price by far! The brother company even told me I was getting a good deal when I told them what I had found. The only problem I had was being patient waiting on my free shipping. I wanted it NOW! Then, it came on the delivery truck! I love it!!! My machine is so quiet. It has so much cool stuff that I am branching out and sewing (stuff) not just quilting. Aprons, pin cushions,skirts, you name it, I want to make it. I am teaching my daughter-in-law to sew and love the beginners simplicity of it. At the same time, it has so many features that I will not be bored for a long time. I have even started a women's sewing class from my home. Thanks Brother for the machine and thanks Amazon for providing the outlet for me to get it at such a good price! Sewing and growing!"
"I've only had mine for a few weeks, so I can't speak to the longevity of the item. My old (extremely old) sewing machine broke, so I took this opportunity to see what was available on the market. What I wanted were some of the features of an industrial machine with the versatility of a home sewing machine. This seemed to fit the bill. I was skeptical about this machine since I read some of the negative reviews; however, the overwhelming number of positive reviews and the Amazon.com return policy gave me the confidence to give this machine a shot.

First off, there are feature on this machine I have only seen on industrial machines previously. The knee lift isn't critical feature; however, I work with some very hard to maneuver, and bulky fabrics, so this has come in handy more than once. Plus when I get into my express sewing mode the knee lift really helps me move along. The auto cut and automatic reverse reinforcement features are also something I was use to using on the computerized industrial sewing machines.

I have seen reviews about this machine not being able to handle bulky fabrics, I have not experience this issue as of yet. I have sewn a few bulky items, the trick (from the manual) is when you start on bulky fabric, or get to a bulky portion of the fabric, is to lift the presser foot off of the fabric, then press and hold the little black button on the back of the presser foot (I used presser foot J) while you lower the presser foot back on to the fabric (this is where the knee lift comes in handy), then continue to sew. This has worked for me so far. If at any point this changes I will post an update.

I don't do a lot of decorative stitching so I can't speak to the quality of those functions.
So far the jackets, blouses, and pants I have sewn on this machine have turned out great. There are days where I have been on the machine for 6 hours, and it has not kinked up yet.

No buyers remorse here! :)"
"After a twenty year love affair with my first Viking, the poor thing died of exhaustion (hundreds of dance recital costumes), so I bought another one.  Fought constantly with the second Viking for twenty years and finally divorced it.  After checking with Consumer Reports and Amazon people reviews, I settled on this machine.  It's so nice to be in love again!  This machine has lipstick prints on it already!

The instruction book looks intimidating, but the machine is very easy to program and use.  I especially appreciate being able to select if I want the needle to stay up or down, the ability to raise and lower the presser foot with the knee lever, and the back-stitch and thread cutter feature.

I bought the side cutter (which makes a sew/serge seam) and table accessory as well - and my old Viking special foot attachments work too! (gathering, bias binding, cording etc.) Did I mention that this machine is quiet?

One last thing - the Brother machines available at Costco and Walmart ARE NOT THE SAME QUALITY!  They're fine for occasional needs, but not for the serious sewer.

Aloha and Happy Sewing!"
"I have had quite a lot to learn about using this machine but it has been worth it.  My previous machine was a wedding gift and ran well for 47 years, but it couldn't handle modern fabrics as well as this one.  I'm glad I made the change!  I'm enjoying learning a few new tricks."
"I have a wonderful older Husqvarna which has been wonderful.  But I wanted to buy fancy feet and they are anywhere from $29 to $100 a piece.  I researched and could get this machine with all the feet I could want for the same amount of money.  It feels like I've had a great old Mercedes but this is a fancy new Minivan with a GPS.  Some of the modern conveniences include the auto threader.  I never realized how useful this would be!  Wow, is it a time saver especially when you start to get bleary eyed.  I also like the monogramming.  It's not the clearest but I like the small size to label things. I've been labeling facings for example with fabric content so I know how to wash them later.  I thought I'd never give up the Husqvarna and convinced my husband I need to keep it as a back-up but I have not wanted to use anything but this PR machine since I got it.  One of the main reasons is that the extra feed dogs really move the fabric through in a more consistent way.  I like the stretch stitches and though I haven't used the button holer, it is a main draw since doing it manually is less consistent.  The only drawback I've found so far is that you can't create a really long basting stitch.  Sometimes I like to go up to 7 on my old machine.  This only goes to a size 5 stitch which isn't all that long when you're gathering, for example."
"I've had this lady for about 5 months. I sew at least 3 or 4 times a week, and I have had zero problems.  My favorite things about this machine (in no particular order)
1)Included walking and quilting feet
2)Came with two owners manuals - I threw away the Spanish version and don't have to mess with opening the wrong end of the book
3)You push a button and the machine cuts the thread!
4)The start/stop button. I have never even plugged int he foot pedal
5)YOu can start the bobbin winding and walk away
6)There's so much more. I <3 this machine!"
"I have never sewn before, and didn't even know what a bobbin was.  I was so excited when my machine came, although I had no idea what to do with it once it arrived.  I got the operator's manual out and it is so easy to read and understand even I, with absolutely no prior experience, could easily follow through the instructions.  I have taken it to two sewing classes and have received compliments from both instructors and fellow class attendees.  I cannot stress enough how easy it is to use this machine.  Although I've only had it a month, I haven't had one problem with it.  The numbers on the machine make it so easy to wind the bobbin and thread the machine.  The digital screen tells you exactly what to do if you get stumped.  There are so many features on this machine; I can't wait to learn about them!  Even though it is so beginner-friendly, it is much more than a ""toy sewing machine.""  I don't usually review my Amazon purchases, but I am so happy with this product I thought it deserved the praise.  (And it is super quiet which I hear is much appreciated by other sewers)"
"After studying all the reviews and visiting a shop to see a couple of the machines and hear them run, I decided on the PC420-PRW.  Amazon shipped it in a good time and as soon as it arrived began sewing (about a month now). I agree with the gal that said it does so much for the price, I am amazed at the technology.  I did have a thread jam problem, but it was my fault and fairly easy to get solved.  I would highly recommend this machine to anyone for quilting or sewing, I mainly bought it for quilting and to travel to classes.  So far I have made a machine cover, backpack purse (and that was a heavy project, but it went right over the heavy seams), leader cloths for the quilting frame and a few quilt blocks.
You will enjoy the thread cutter and the needle threader as well as the ease of use.  The instruction manual is user friendly and explains everything very well. You will also like all the built in designs and the lovely stitches that it creates."
"The machine won't work properly after only 8 months and there are no service centers nearby, the one they did send me to doesn't even handle Brother machines and they do not work on them! They have plastic gears and are a piece of high priced junk.
They want me to drive an hour away to their service center, they do not offer shipping or anything else for their piece of junk, if it breaks and there is no service center close then forget about getting any warranty work."
"After using my mom's old machine that is old than I am, I decided to purchase a machine of my own. I researched for weeks. I went to a quilting convention to look at all the machine displays (and some truly amazing quilts).  I made up my mind 4 different times. Then I found this on amazon. Seeing all the features of a much more expensive machine at this price with all the 5 star reviews, I forgot the others and ordered immediately.

I love it. Absolutely. Positively.  Worth every penny. It's so easy to use and easy to store.  I've had it for about a month and it seems like every time I put it away, I get it right back out again.  I don't feel intimidated by any project because this machine comes with so many accessories, I know that I have the right equipment for whatever I want to do.  Great purchase!!  Highly recommended!!!

UPDATE:  I've had the machine for about a year now and I still love it.  I've made countless purses and wallets, pillows, bags and awesome halloween costumes.  It's only jammed once and I took the whole thing apart only to finally realize that I had threaded it wrong.  LOVE THIS MACHINE!!!"
"I read through countless reviews about this machine, as well as a few others.  I decided on this one because of all of the positive reviews, and I felt safe ordering it through amazon because of their amazing customer service.  I absolutely love it and I know it's something that will be around for a long time."
"Pros: large throat area for quilting, needle up/down option, knee-lift (huge plus, hard to find in a machine under $700.00+), automatic thread cutter, automatic needle threader, super fast and easy bobbin winder, presser foot pressure adjuster, lots of different stitches may seem complicated, but has a great manual and mini cheat sheet, very easy to take out of the box and use.
Cons: wish default needle position was to the center (see below for more info.)

Update 7-23-2011: I still love this machine! I have found only 1 thing I wish was different, and that is when you turn the machine on, I wish it defaulted with the needle in the center. I use a 1/4 inch quilting foot a lot, and when I turn the machine on, and forget to push the stitch setting for centered stitching, when I start to sew the needle comes down on the foot, and bam! another broken needle...I am trying to always remember the minute I turn the machine on to push the centered straight stitch button...but my middle aged memory has forgotten, and I know I have broken at least 3 needles...Other than that, I still must say the only negative I have found is that I am still spending too much time quilting instead of cleaning! The area between the needle and the side (throat area?) is approximately 7 1/2 inches, and I have been able to free-motion quilt a full size quilt fairly easily (other than the fact that I am still learning how to get into a free-motion rhythm, that is user-operated problem, not the machine...) I will say I may be purchasing the Brother PQ1500 in the future, strictly for machine quilting only; and only because it is more industrial, and I don't want to wear out this machine with all the quilting I do...BUT, I will never give up this machine, as it is such a little workhorse! I have several other sewing machines, and some are more expensive, but none are as nice, or do as much as this one does. I would also like to say, that as far as quilting, there are a lot of people, especially in the quilting world, who think you must have a Janome, Babylock, or Bernina brand to really quilt. I say that is rubbish! I really researched before I bought this machine, and I must say that it was usually at least half the price of other so called ""high end brands"" that have far less options on them. Also, I have been told I should have bought local, to get good customer service, blah, blah, blah...which I also disagree with. The 1st machine I received, actually I did have some trouble with the feed dogs on it. I came here to the Amazon website, and did they suggest I send the machine in for repair? NO! They sent me a brand new machine, overnight!!! Now, tell me where else can you get better service than that?!! Bottom line, its a great machine, great price here on Amazon, and Amazon has great customer service! Now I am off to make more quilts...er, clean...

Update 10-13-2011
I still love it!! I did go ahead and buy the Brother PQ-1500...and it is a great industrial machine, does a straight stitch only, and is strictly being used by me for free motion quilting. That being said, I could also use it to piece my quilts, and for any other straight stitch sewing...I have used it some for that, but I find myself going back to my PC-420 more often than not...I also must say that my little 420 also does the free motion quilting just as nice as the industrial machine! I just didn't want to wear it out with all the quilting I do...but, as I love it so much I guess if I wear it out I'll just have to buy another!!

Update 03-30-2012
Still using both my PC-420, and PQ-1500, still love them both, and continue to highly recommend both to anyone who wants a great sewing machine! For a beginner or a seasoned pro you can't go wrong with either of these machines! Of course the PQ-1500 is an industrial straight stitch only machine, so I use it for quilting, and sometimes for quilt piecing. The PC-420 has so many great stitches, I still have not used even half of them...Lastly, at my local quilting group meetings there are now a few others who have gone out and purchased this Brother machine. I guess seeing how great a job it has done for me finally convinced them that the money they saved can be used to buy more fabric!"
"I'm a 36 year old crafter that just graduated from a 3/4 size Hello Kitty (yes, Hello Kitty) sewing machine to this machine. It's perfect for the newly achieved intermediate status sewing machine user! It's easy to use, has a wonderful number of stitches (compared to my previous machine that has only about 16 stitches), and is so incredibly quiet! I love love LOVE this machine! It's much bigger than I expected, and compared to what I'm used to, but that's fine - it's a fantastic machine!"
"I have had this product 2 weeks and am totally satisfied.  I researched this machine and found Amazon by far had the best price.  I received it so quick I could not believe it.  I highly recommend the PE420 as it has all the features of other machines costing thousands.  I have found through the years you cannot go wrong with Brother products. Also, I always check with Amazon before ordering online, as if they have it and usually do, it will be the best price."
"I'm self taught and only been sewing for a few years.  This is a dream machine.  There are amazing features, stitches, etc.  I don't quilt, embroider, or use overlock but would like to try using my new machine (after I get through my current projects). I saw reviews about the Monogramming script being too small, it works for what I want to do.  It came with several extra feet and attachments.  No need to order a separate case the hard cover it comes with is perfectly fine.  I prefer to use the optional foot petal but must confess I enjoy the foot free start/stop sewing feature that is also available.  Easiest thing to thread, easiest bobbin threading, litterally drop in and your done.  Had it for two months and already made 3 baby blankets, 2 sets of curtains (4 panels each), several skirts for my teen daughter and summer tops for my neices."
"As a lot of other reviewers have already said, this is a fabulous machine. It's easy to use while still providing enough options to challenge and educate a learning sewer. It operates smoothly and quickly and doesn't balk at thick or demanding fabric. I had been using a 30-year-old machine, and so the leap to a computerized machine that cuts my thread, threads the needle, and can remember hundreds of preprogrammed stitches was exhilarating. There isn't much of a learning curve as long as you familiarize yourself with the manual and are willing to use it from time to time. One thing: Do not read ""decorative stitching"" and think ""embroidery."" This machine will give you a taste for embroidery, but it is not, of course, a true embroidery machine.

I highly recommend it to anyone wanting a reliable machine at a good price."
"Bought this new for my wife on Amazon Marketplace for an insanely low price.  She was working with a 25 year old Kenmore and was mezmerized with this machine.  The features of this machine have been well-documented, and I won't bore with repetition.  I don't sew, period.  But I spent a couple hours with the machine and the manual.  The manual is explicit, fantastic, and covers all the bases.  You don't even have to open the manual to know how to wind and insert the bobbin and thread the machine -- the instructions are on the machine.  The autotension feature produces perfect stitches.  Stitch selection and stitch settings are a breeze.  Illumination is excellent.  Great accessory storage.  Even cuts the thread when you're done.  The only conceivable advantage to the Kenmore is all-metal construction (I only worry about this with respect to the lever that lifts the foot, but there's a 25 year warranty on parts) and the free arm is of smaller circumference.

I might just take up sewing."
"Just finished my first project on my new Brother.  It was great!  The letter stitches are tiny and I'm not sure what they would be useful for, but everything else is wonderful!"
"I read a lot of reviews for a lot of machines, and for the money, this one is as good as you can get. I am mostly a clothes seamstress, so I am reviewing from that perspective. I used it for a dress for a friend's birthday, and was able to use the letters to embroider a care tag for the garment. I also used it to add a mock blanket hem to a polar fleece jacket. I bought the optional binding foot, which I have never used, even on my old machine, and except for the beginning part where I was getting the hang of the operation, am happy with the end result. I would highly recommend this machine. About the only thing I haven't figured out whether or how to do is make the machine leave the needle down when it stops. I hope it does have this feature, but there is a button that you can press to put the needle down. It just happens one stitch later than you might want I've found."
I read the reviews on multiple website and all were positive. This is a great buy for fashion desingers like me! endless design possibilities with the quailtiy prodcut. great for beginers to. Very thankful!
"So far, I love this sewing machine.  I have altered my daughter's silk wedding gown and sewn new chair covers from heavy cotton velvet.  The machine worked equally well on both and went from silk to the velvet with no adjustment from me -- just a change to the walking foot for the velvet."
"I thought I loved this machine when I got it for Christmas. It is full of all kinds of wonderful features, sews easily and guide the fabric through smoothly. But I have one pretty major complaint - the needle plate markings feature centimeters! The 1/4"" and 5/8"" markings are way in back or way in front, making them very difficult to use. At first I didn't worry about it because I thought I would buy the seam guide featured in the product catalog, but now I know there is no seam guide that works with this machine. I'm trying to contact Brother and the seller to see if there's any way to fix this. Straight seams and good markings are important to me and right now all the other fancy features don't really make up for this deficiency. Before you buy this one, consider this and see if you can find a solution.

Maybe I should have just bought another Singer. I hate metric."
I agonized over a sewing machine purchase. I am by no means an experienced or professional sewer...but this machine makes me feel like one! I wanted a few certain things. Needle down. Free arm. A larger throat space. I also thought it would be fun to have some creative choices with stitches. Boy does this machine fit the bill. I still have no idea what I am doing but I am having a lot of fun trying! This is a good machine for the money...In fact I think it is worth a lot more than it costs.
"I purchased the Brother PC420PRW sewing machine on Amazon after a lot of research, & have been so pleased I have recommended it over & over to friends & family. It is a little pricey, but compared to similar models from Singer, Bernini, & Kenmore, it has the most features for the least price. It seems very well built and durable, no problems at all. It's extremely user friendly, especially for novice sewers, but comes with all the bells & whistles you could possible want as a more advanced sewer. It comes with dozens of accessories, & convenient features like easy bobbin spooling, needle threading, as well as a knee bar to lift the presser foot (comes in handy with quilting). So for it has been perfect for all the basic projects I use it for (home decor, pillows, quilting, embroidery, etc...). It performs great with more difficult fabrics like super delicate silks, organza, and even heavier leathers. It will definitely be all you need, unless you are a full-time seamstress. The warranty is fantastic, and I highly recommend purchasing from Amazon due to their 30 day no questions return policy. Also took advantage of the free shipping, and received it in two days over the Christmas holiday weekend! Doubt I will ever need to purchase another machine.

(The reviewer was compensated for posting this review. However, the opinion stated in the review is that of the reviewer and the reviewer alone. Further, the reviewer independently selected this product to review and has no affiliation with the product maker/distributor, Amazon or the review requester.)"
"After I read other reviews of this product I decided to get it.  The one thing that made me purchase it was people said it went through thick fabric easily.  So far, it really does do this.  I could not afford a true industrial machine.  I was worried it would not live up to what people said about it, but so far so good.  I am really happy with it."
"I can not believe how much I enjoy this sewing machine.  I have had it for one month.  My old machine was so noisy and I was always having to fight with it, to sew anything.  That machine finally broke in the middle of a project.  My DH said to just get a new one and after reading all of the reviews, we decided on the Brother PC-420.  I am so glad that we did.  It is QUIET to operate.  Everything I have made so far has been a joy to make.  We have had fun creating our own new stitches.  DH helped me in designing a repeating butterfly and also a simple airplane.  When I see something sitting there by the sewing machine, I no longer get a knot in my stomach thinking oh, no someone needs something fixed.  Now I am actually looking forward to sewing!!  It had one feature that I didn't think was any big deal, which is the automatic thread cutter.  Yet, that is one feature I have used over and over and really like.  I would highly recommend this machine to others."
"I sew herbal pillows daily & needed an upgrade from my old Kenmore, so I bought the PC-420 Brother from Amazon. Glad I did, as it is a HUGE improvement over my old Kenmore (which also had great reviews, but is a dinosaur compared to this Brother).... and yet, the PC-420 does have a few negatives you need to be aware of.

BIG HINT ~ buy as many REAL Brother made bobbins as you are allowed to purchase from Amazon, as any other 'similar' plastic ones will cause you much frustration & due to the sensitivity of this machine, will jam thread up quickly. I wanted to order more, but Amazon would only let me purchase a limited supply.... your plastic bobbins may look nearly identical, but trust me they will NOT work properly on this machine.

I personally found the extra presser foot lever to be a silly, unnecessary addition that only gets in the way....if you are lifting the foot, you are probably turning your fabric, so your hands are involved anyway. Also tried the on/off sewing button & didn't care for that either. The foot pedal gives you more instant control.

I really wish Brother had included the extra large, plastic sewing surface along with this machine, instead of its basically useless, plastic cover. Wow. For $60 extra dollars, I say go ahead & buy it, but to me, they would have done their customers a huge service by switching these items out.

For pillow strength, I use the 'triple stitch' or stretch stitch on my products. ALL the stitches of this machine are very nice & uniform, but using this particular stitch makes sewing very, very slow, unfortunately.

Due to it being a highly sensitive machine, you also must have some patience & a bit of mechanical acumen, because you will spend some time unscrewing the housing piece to clear tangled thread from inner parts, as well as taking apart the bobbin shuttle & cleaning it out so that the machine sews properly (Brother did not include a decent tool brush for this, so I use my old Kenmore brush to perform this task, & it works well). At least getting into the bobbin area is relatively easy, as the top plastic piece just pulls out & snaps back into place. No screws.

The auto thread is a great time saver of course (just make sure your needle is all the way up & in position to receive thread... I was pretty slow at realizing why I was having so much trouble). The automatic snipping of your top & bottom threads is also terrific & definitely saves on thread, although on my machine, it still leaves a good inch of each (any one know if this is normal)?.... plus it doesn't cut threads clean all the time.... again, you need to constantly get inside & clean out your bobbin/cutter area, as threads tend to want to stick & jam things in there.

The design of the PC-420 is sleek & professional looking (don't know why so many manufacturers want to make their machines look like cutesy, little girl sewing machines with color & swirls, etc.)... so it looks good just sitting there when not in use. Threading is easy & fast.... machine is sturdy & solid, though not heavy, so it's great for portability... the computerized stitch window is also easy to understand & work, although the little embroidery letters are just okay, nothing more, so don't think you're going to do a lot of good looking personalization embroidered names with this. On the other hand it has a great stitch selection, & really, the stitches again are very, very nice & uniform.

Due to the fact that I sew professionally for my business, & the Project Runway is not designed to be industrial, I should have probably invested in a much more expensive sewing machine, but if you are a beginner or advanced home sewer, I honestly think you will be pretty happy with the Brother PC-420, as all in all it is a well designed, solid little work horse.

ANOTHER HINT: Do invest in fine grade thread, as I believe whole heartedly that even average priced thread can really slow you down if you sew constantly. And don't even think of using cheap, big outlet store thread on this particular machine! Believe me you will be less than happy with your results. Hope this helps!"
This machine is fantastic!  It is so easy to use. Not like the older model computerized machines.  And it is so quiet! I have been using a 30 year old Kenmore so it's nice to get something a little more advanced.  The only reason it does not get 5 starts is because the alpha numeric stitches are pretty small.
"I already had this at the top of my list of potential machines when my 25 year old Kenmore finally froze up beyond repair (I was so happy I could cry) and decided to take the plunge.  Been using it non-stop for a couple of months now, and have found it a complete joy to use.  It is blissfully silent compared to my old beast, which makes naptime sewing much less risky.  The embroidery/monogram feature has been complete fun to play with!  I adore adding special embellishments to the collars and hems of garments.  The letters of the monogram, although small, are perfect for making nametags to add to clothes.

The only real downside I've noticed so far is purely a personal aesthetic issue - I hate the light, flimsy foot pedal.  After years of a sturdy metal pedal, it is a minor annoyance.  I should just give the start/stop button another chance, but I'm still stuck in my ways for the time being.  I'll probably just replace it with a different pedal.

The final thing that confirmed my choice of this purchase when I was researching - on numerous sites beyond this one, you do NOT find people complaining that they have already had to take it in to be serviced.  If there are such reviews, I have not yet found them.  That is what clinched it for me."
"I love this machine.  Years past I was a prolific sewer, but the machine I've used for the last 12 years was such a pain in the neck, I became discouraged and gave up sewing.  Iam back. This machine is great, it has a nice straight stitch, which my costly Kenmore could not seem to produce despite trips to the repair shop.  It humms along doing precision stitching. Anymore I might say would only reaffirm what others have said.  I'll only add the Amazon offers the best price and service for this machine that I was able to find."
"I purchased this machine to replace my ""beginner"" machine: I don't have heaps of time to sew, but I wanted lots of functions for the times when I did.  Also, I had graduated to ""intermediate"" level sewing projects and my simple refurbished machine just didn't do enough.  Thanks to reviews on this site, I purchased and have been delighted with the Brother PC-420.  It comes with a wide array of presser feet: zipper foot, zigzag foot, applique foot, even a walking foot for quilting! I think the machine embroidery functions (lettering especially) are a little ""rough"" but functional. You'd have to buy a much fancier machine to get perfect machine embroidery, though.  And what you do get is outstanding. It has a thread cutter and needle threader, functions associated with much more expensive machines. I have used all the feet except for the blind hem foot and they all work great.  Computerized stitch choices are varied and excellent.  Computerized thread tension calculator really takes the pain out of using different kinds of fabric.  I've used the walking foot for quilting, and it's great!  Don't bother using the tiny included brush to clean the inside of the machine - use your vacuum to get all the fuzz out.  Great value, lots of fun, comes with a hard cover, what else do you need :)"
"I am a die-hard fan of vintage metal sewing machines.  I have a Singer Featherweight 221 that is my ol' reliable, but it doesn't do anything but a straight stitch, so I got some cute 60's and 70's Singers that were on-again, off-again.  The cost of repairing those cuties was getting to be a pain, plus I was sick of them crapping out in the middle of a project, so I started looking around for something new.  I was not going to get a computerized machine as I was totally against the idea, but after reading all the reviews on this one, I decided to try it.  I AM SO GLAD I DID!!!!  I love, love, love this machine!  I've had it for a few months now, and haven't experienced one single problem.  I now feel so spoiled with an auto thread cutter and super easy touchscreen.  There are oodles of cool stitches that you can even loop together for more possibilities, perfect buttonholer (never made one before until this machine--was too afraid but these are a cinch!), adjustable speed with a start/stop button on the machine (haven't even hooked up the pedal cuz this is much easier), and you can drop the feed dogs for free sewing.  This machine came with some weird graph paper that I later realized is for making your own stitch patterns.  You can come up with a design and program it into the machine!  I haven't done that yet, but I plan on making a tiki, a chicken (have pet chickens that rule), etc, etc, the creative juices are endless on this machine.  Plus, it's a sturdy, heavy weight like a vintage machine and runs quiet and smooth.  The ONLY thing I don't like is it's harder to see the measurement of your seam as you're sewing since it's behind the needle and for me this is harder to figure out.
The machine comes with oodles of attachments which mostly store neatly in a box that's attached to the front of the machine.  It's very convenient and not clunky at all.  Great manual that is easy to understand.  Comes with hard plastic cover.
So now my poor vintage machines are all gathering dust, even my featherweight.  They're cute, but I love my PC420!"
"This was my first new sewing machine in almost 40 years, so I was a little overwhelmed by the features.  I couldn't imagine the need for 13 feet, but after using the special ones for overcasting and blindstitching, I have to say they really are helpful.  You could practically watch TV while overcast stitching (NOT a good idea in reality.)  I've onlu finished one project but everything has worked right out of the box with no adjustments so far.  The automatic needle threader is a dream for those of us in bifocal land.  I'd say this is a great value."
I use to sew a great deal when the children were small but due to work and involvement in Non-profits I simply did not have the time. I was asked by my Marine's best friend's wife if I would make a couple of toddler and infant outfits to coordinate with the Marine Corp dress uniform so that she could get their pictures before he deployed to Afghanistan.  I was so honored but my 60's model sewing machine was not working very well.  I had just retired so a present to myself was a new machine.  I researched all machine available and found all the 'praise' notes on the PC-420 to be the deciding factor.  I love this machine!  Easy to work with many options available - I just may tackle the quilt I've been wanting to do for quite some time!
"*Update* 9/2014:  Well, the threader finally broke, so I'll have to take it in and get it fixed.  Not a disaster, as I am perfectly cabable of threading a needle manually!  And that ""nesting"" bobbin and eating of lightweight fabrics problems persisted, but I now have a couple of solutions.  First, the tangled mess in the bobbin holder.  Stick with Brother bobbins only, no kidding.  ""Universal"" bobbins will tangle.  As for the ""eating"" lightweight fabrics, I believe that is a servicing/oiling issue.  I investigated the inside of my machine (probably not recommended to do this yourself), and found all sorts of dust bunnies and thread inside the motor case (not the bobbin area, which I dust regularly).  Having worked previously with my 1960 mechanical Kenmore, which is easily ""self serviceable"", the oiling and dusting of this computerized machine was off my radar.  So, after a thorough dusting and oiling, which your local service person can do, the stitches are cleaner, and my lightweight fabrics are not getting torn up anymore (for now!).  Lesson learned.  I am currently considering getting a second PC420 for a small business venture, since I am now well familiar with how it works, and its idiosyncrasies.  I still consider this machine a very good value.  I'm debating whether or not this machine is a ""3"" or a ""4""...

*UPDATE* 2012:  Well, I've now had this machine for a while since my original review.  The automatic needle threader somehow fixed itself (so I didn't need to do a 2nd return), but on occasion the threader still ""jams"" for no reason.  Again, each time fixing itself spontaneously...  Also, the bobbin carrier sometimes freaks out on me and wads up a tangled mass of thread under the needle.  Obviously, that's a problem, especially with light fabrics!  Not something that happens very often, but often enough to mention it.  Additionally, I will say that the feed dogs do need help with heavy fabrics or multiple layers, such as hemming jeans.
Overall, I am satisfied with my purchase, given the price point, and honestly I have friends who have more expensive machines, and they complain about them too...

ORIGINAL REVIEW:  I did a lot of research before buying this machine.  I have been using a 50 year old Kenmore for my home decor and clothing sewing/design.  Therefore, I am used to working with what I have, and being creative with my machine's capabilities.  That being said, I decided it was time get a new, computerized machine that could do things that my ancient machine never dreamed of.  My budget was $400 to $500.  The PC-420 was so highly reviewed that I thought I couldn't go wrong!

Well, my machine arrived and right away it can't do a reliable straight stitch.  It's not a tension issue, so I tried five sizes of needles and three brands of thread.  I call Brother and get customer assistance.  Still, the straight stiches are horrible- ugly skipped stiches and weird loops at intervals on the back of the fabric.  Maybe a timing issue?  So, I do an exchange for another machine.  Amazon, by the way, has a wonderful return policy.  So easy!

Well, my second machine comes and the automatic needle threader breaks on the second use.  The stitches are fine, though...

Hmmm.  Is this machine a good value if it isn't reliable?  Am I just really unlucky by getting two lemons in a row, or will I be using my 25 year warranty on a regular basis?  I'm worried.

A word about some of the stitches that come with the machine.  Many of the decorative and utility stitches are very clean and tight, but some are pretty sloppy looking.  Don't be surprised if you find that you just choose not to use some of them.

If this machine actually functioned properly, I'd give it five stars for value: the number of features it comes with is insane for the price.  I wish I could rate it higher."
"I just got the Brother PC 420 PRW, and am thrilled. It has all the features I need for quilt/sew classes, is lightweight (but not too light) comes with many nice accessories (walking foot, knee lift)

It works great, pay attention to the thread path diagrams, the needle position (left), and the needle threader instructions.

The auto thread cutter is wonderful, as is the start/stop button.

Nice stitches, all you need for quilters. Add the bed extension, it's worth it and stores your knee lift, and fits on the cover when not in use. Easy to carry it all. Monograms are small, but OK for quilt labels!

Features that sold me:
auto thread cutter
knee lift for presser foot
needle up/down & left/right adjustments
start/stop button
sewing speed control lever
adjustable foot pressure
feed dogs drop
walking foot included
quilting stitches, easy to select
stitch adjustments & memory
many defaults are customizable
EASY to carry

Enjoy!"
"I had no idea I was living in the stone age before I got this machine.  WOW is all I can say for ease of use.  The instruction manual is well written and easy to follow.  I always read before I begin and had no problems threading the machine and winding a bobbin. I was sewing in a very short period of time.  The stitches are even and perfect.

Of course I had to try out the decorative stitches although I'm not sure how often I will use them.  That said, maybe now that I have that option I WILL use decorative stitching.

I purchased this machine primarily to piece for quilting.  It's a dream to have an automatic needle threader (that works every time), a thread cutter and a knee lifter.  Those were the main features that made me choose this machine.  I also love the push button on/off and the speed control.

The machine is smooth, quiet, and sounds and ""feels"" sturdy.  No bouncing or shifting.

A complete winner in my book."
I read all the reviews on Amazon and decided this was the right machine. I have been using it for over a month and love it! I am a beginner at sewing but this machine makes it so easy.
"I've been sewing since I was little and just upgraded from a solid, mechanical machine by Singer (which I'd had for 10 years) to this one.  I love all the features!  I've yet to come up with a stitch it can't do or a project I can't complete easily.  I've done a couple quilts, a set of curtains, and two dresses so far.  I like that I can add embroidery to the quilts--a baby's name, the date, my initials, etc.--it feels so professional!

It is easier to master than my old machine and the instruction book is quite useful--mostly I've followed the instructions in the book the first time I did something (automatic buttonhole, blind hem stitch, etc) and then the next time I could do it without the instructions.  I've also taught one of my friends to sew--her first time--and she found the machine easy and intuitive, so I think it's a winner no matter what level you're at, though it's certainly more expensive than a beginner needs.  As a nice bonus, it included all the presser feet (including a walking foot for quilting!) and attachments and other accessories I need."
"I was so nervous about purchasing a sewing machine...It would be my first, and when it came to experience, I basically had next to none. I searched online for weeks reading reviews and consumer reports. I didn't have the time to visit certified sellers, so it was nerve-wrecking to make a decision soley online.
All my research had me believe that this machine would be my best bet...For the price, I figured I could spend a few hundred more (than, say the brother cs6000i) and have a machine that could grow with me and last a lot longer.
I really worked myself up over this, practically bubbling over with excitement waiting for my shipment to arrive. Surprisingly, I was not let down. I love this machine!
I'm still learning and getting a feel of the different sewing patterns and options. I've mostly used the following stitches so far: straight, basting, decorative patterns, lettering, button holes and buttons. But I look forward to getting the most out of the 200+ options available to me as I get better at what I'm doing.
The guidebook is essential, and it is very easy to navigate and to understand.
I broke my first needle last night, and I blame that on my own laziness- For one, I shouldn't have been sewing at 3 AM (but I really just get sucked into it!), and I should have read the manual and figured out how I needed to  adjust for the super-thick stitch I was attempting. I think the only toubleshooting issues I am going to have will be from human error...which is great.
I did sew when I was growing up, but always by hand (and at a whim) - I never learned techniques, terms, etc. This is the perfect machine for a new beginner (as I consider myself to be).
I recommend that you do NOT buy a ""simple"" or ""basic"" machine if you're a newbie! I've found those to be so much more of a pain, and also very limiting. The PC-420 PRW is so easy and versatile - I'm already planning my glamorous fashion career ;)"
"I bought this sewing machine from Amazon 2 months ago to replace my 38 year old Singer Futura that had been a wedding gift.  I am not a professional seamstress but did do a lot of sewing when first married. Simple clothing, baby clothes, aprons, curtains etc.  The Singer still worked but I had been away from sewing for several years and needed some motivation to get back into it again. Boy did this machine get me motivated!!  I have become obsessed with sewing and doing projects I never dreamed of doing before. It is so easy to use, the manual is very clear and easy to understand.  The machine comes with a TON of accessories including many, many different presser feet.  The machine is quiet, sleek, handles all thickness of materials and I LOVE the presser foot knee lifter! I will agree that the onboard machine light is a little lacking but I use an 18 Watt Daylite table lamp for all my crafting and it works great illuminating my sewing area also.

I have made fine lingerie items using delicate tricot and thin liner materials without problem, and also have worked with heavy duty upholstery fabrics which the machine handles with ease after I equip the proper needles, presser feet and adjust tension.  Right now I am making purses and tote bags using heavy fabrics with contrasting vinyls and the machine sails right through them! I can't speak to long term reliability yet since I have only owned it 2 months but so far I have not had a single problem with it.  The auto-threader is a great feature and saves lots of time for these old eyes. Simple and quick bobbin winding.  It took me just a few minutes to get totally comfortable with the basic machine threading and using the LCD screen to view menu options.  I have been playing around with the variety of stitch patterns and lettering.  It adds such a nice custom, finishing touch to your projects.

I pulled out my old White SuperLock Serger and use it side-by-side now with the Brother PC-420 PRW.  I am discovering the fun of sewing again thanks to this machine! I would highly recommend this sewing machine to anyone who wants full featured professional capability at a non-professional price.

UPDATE: 11-26-11
I have owned this sewing machine for 1.5 years now and still LOVE IT!  In fact, I took up quilting just over a year ago and this machine works great for piecing and free motion quilting.  The throat space is a little small for working on really large (queen/king size) quilts but works great for wall hangings, lap quilts, crib size and larger sizes are still possible with a little patience.  I have not had one minute of trouble with the machine so far and have done all my own maintenance by using a mini vacuum to clean out the lint and fuzz in the bobbin/faceplate area and removing the head cover when necessary to pull out any broken threads that get caught in the tension discs.

I know some people report that the automatic threader doesn't work consistently for them, but what I found is you have to make sure the needle is in the uppermost position for the auto threader to work.  The best way to guarantee it works perfectly every time is to just hit the needle up/down button til the needle returns to the up position.  The threader is not designed to work if the needle is in any other position. The machine is very sturdy and quiet when sewing, yet light enough to easily pack up and take to a sewing class.

For the number of presser feet and high end features this machine comes with it is well worth the cost.  In fact with the recent sale price + $30 Brother rebate I just purchased my second machine today!  One will be used exclusively for quilting and the other for piecing or basic sewing. When and IF I ever have to take one to a repair shop for general cleaning/maintenance I will not be left without a machine for 2-3 weeks.  I think this Brother PC-420 PRW model is a fantastic little machine that will give many years great service and will not break the budget!"
"I am very, very satified with this sewing machine. It more than meets my expectation. I have a Babylock Quilter's choice sewing machine at my home in Florida, and needed a new machine for my summer home here in Michigan. I was so surprised when it came because it looked almost exactly like my Babylock and performed the same way. Did all the same things. And it cost me a lot less!! The ordering experience was very good too. It came earlier than promised. I was a little hesitant to buy a sewing machine that I could not try out first and actually see, but I took the risk and it was well worth it."
"I am very pleased with this sewing machine so far.  It is quiet and relatively easy to use.  My only complaint is that the light does not seem to be situated on the machine in an optimum position.  I'm thinking about adding one of those ""stick on"" lights to supplement what is currently on the machine."
"Love it, love it, love it!!!!  I have been sewing for more than 35 years (since I was 9 years old).  I have never had a new sewing machine before.  This one is so easy to use.  The lettering is great.  I have had the machine for 2 months and have already done several projects for family members that wanted something with lettering.  It's one more tool to add to my sewing arsenal.  I have had fun trying out all the different stitches.  I showed it to my sister and now she is planning to purchase one for her 2 daughters that like to sew.  I would recommend this even for a beginner sewer because the Operation Manual is so easy to read.  Threading the machine and filling the bobbin are easy to do on this machine."
"This sewing machine is great.  I have never used a Brother sewing machine before (I've used other brands in the past).  It started out being easy to thread and beginning to sew.  I have already made a skirt and a dress.  My next project is another dress.  The only feature I haven't used that I want to try is the buttonhole attachment.  On my last sewing machine, I could only make one complete buttonhole.  After the first one, I could not make another one.  If this machine makes buttonholes as well as it does everything else, I will be in sewing heaven."
"This is a great sewing machine. I would recommend it to anyone with any skill level. Runs great, relatively quiet and overall a great investment. Awesome features, such as the self threading mechanism. It also comes with an ample amount of supplies. Buyer beware there's a company, [...], also selling this machine. Do not buy it from them. You might end up loosing your money. Not worth the hassle. Amazon is probably your best bet."
"This machine is simple to use. I was up and going in 10 minutes. I thought at first that the knee-operated foot lever would be a pain but it turns out I love it! It a a bit slow and the embroidery size is very limited, but if you are on a budget and are looking for the basics, I would recommend this machine."
"I'm completely in love with this machine. I came to Amazon looking for the PRW model that Consumer Reports recommended and came away with this one instead.  It does SO much so easily and is such a step forward from the sewing machines of my youth.  This is way beyond the Berninas I trained on in the late 1970's - and which, in current dollars, would have cost the equivalent of $9000 (10% inflation rate - actual price was $900).  Regardless of past history or comparisons, this machine is designed to make you happy.

The one thing I will caution you about is please be sure that you test it thoroughly within your 30-day Amazon guarantee period.  Brother's customer service gets a 1 point rating from me.  It would be 0 if 0 were possible.  I did have a short issue with performance because I was test-driving a quilt project that proved to generate an unusually high amount of dust in the bobbin housing.  The solution is to grab your vacuum about once every 4 hours of use and apply it at high suction to the bobbin chamber.  The little brush Brother provides for cleaning is useless.

Otherwise, almost too good to be true - and the price keeps dropping!

UPDATE:  We actually had to send the machine back within a month because it stopped working altogether.  Which does go a long way toward explaining the dropping price."
"This machine replaced my older Brother XR-52, which I thought was a good machine.  However I didn't realize that I had been hand cranking my way through many a project.  Especially heavy seams on denim fabric, which is my fabric of choice, so I do sew on it a lot.  Well, after getting my new Brother PC-420, I found it to go right over a double seam of denim, effortlessly!  The machine is so powerful that it will sew right into a pin causing the pin to bend and go into the undercarriage.  (Not fun to have to get out with pliers.)  So, if you are a pinner, as I am, you have to be very careful that you go over the pins or remove the pins as you go, or this mighty might will sew it right into the machine.  I have found that the machine is somewhat sensitive of dust build up, etc, so if you regularly remove the cover plate and blow out the bobbin carriage, all is great.  One feature that I really enjoy is that fact that everything is internal.  The spool of thread and the thread take up lever are consealed into the case.  This is a great feature when sewing things that are not flat and would come up over the machine.  They don't hang up on anything, because it is all enclosed.  A wonderful feature!  The electronic part of the machine took a bit to get used to, after having the traditional mechanical machine for so many years.  I like how you push a button and the needles goes down into the fabric, then you push another button and it sews in reverse.  Oh, almost forgot, it even has a leg push presser foot lifter adapter.  I usually don't use it, however it would be nice in some applications that require both hands on the project.  I would definately recommend this machine for beginner and novice alike.  I would say that it is a bit much for the only occasional mender, but if you are a sewer, as I am, this is a great inexpensive, up to date, base level electronic machine.  I use my machine to sew mostly garments and accessories, not for other fancy features, so it serves me well!  If you purchase this machine, you will not regret it.  Fantastic value!!  Highly recommended machine."
"Being a freelance fashion designer, this sewing machine has given me a lot of flexibility in terms of the stitches present. However, the only drawback I found is that there are no compatible circular sewing foot. Fortunately I have another machine which does this job.

Else, the machine is fantastic and delivers what it is supposed to do."
"This is a wonderful machine! It is so smooth and quite. It is easy to use and understand, even the electronic display is easy to navigate, my Mom is completely lost when it comes to computers and electronics and even she was able to use this without a problem."
"Originally, I thought I should purchase a Brother sewing machine from a local authorized dealer because of the so-called ""high quality"".  I went in and purchased an NS40 for $425 including tax.  The only other choice was an NS80 for $600.  The NS40 was very noisy, didn't have near the quality or features that this PC420 possesses, as I later discovered.  As I was working on a flannel rag quilt at the time, I found I needed to return to the store and purchase a walking foot for $35.  At this point, I was into the machine plus accessory for $460.  I decided to look on line at Amazon and found the PC420 where I would only have to spend $40 more dollars.  So, after three days, I returned the NS40 and ordered the PC420.

  The contrast in the two machines was like going from the doldrums to ecstasy.  If there were more than 5 stars to rate the PC420, I would give it more than five!  I was in absolute heaven as I began to sew.  The machine is so quiet, it purrs like a kitten.  The automatic needle threader is to die for.  It almost makes me want to re-thread and re-thread just to watch the mechanism.  It is very fun and will bring a smile to your face.  The kicker here is that this machine includes the same walking foot that I had to purchase extra with the NS40, in addition to another quilting foot, plus several more additional pressure feet.  You will be amazed.  I was like a kid at Christmas opening the box and checking out each item that was included -- in addition to acquainting myself with the very user friendly and wonderful features built into the machine.

  The NS40 is a very basic machine, which you may say is all that you need.  But, you should consider paying a little more and purchasing a machine with more stitching capacity and then grow into your machine as time goes on.  This machine is a much higher quality, in my opinion, and will please you no end -- even just for basic sewing projects.  As I did research on line, I discovered a site that recommends the PC420 in this general price range over any other computerized sewing machine.  I urge anyone who is considering purchasing the NS40 to consider this machine instead.  I promise you won't regret the decision.

  I am adding a postcript after using the machine for several flannel rag quilts.  I still love it and would purchase it again, but it is noisier than I initially stated.  The more thicknesses you have under your presser foot, the noisier the machine will be.  I don't mind it, but just thought I should clarify my previous statement.  In addition, the needle threader can be a little touchy.  Sometimes it works like a charm, and sometimes not.  Just make certain your needle is totally straight -- not bent at all, and then down in the lowest position.  It will usually thread -- but sometimes I still do it by hand.  I had an auto threader on my Viking that was also touchy as well.  The repairman stated that auto threaders are kind of headaches -- but work great, if they work!!"
"I haven't sewn in ages and recently decided to start up again and take on some projects.  I got this machine after much research and it has been great.  Of course I've only been playing with it for a day or so but so far what a big difference from my old basic model brother.  It has so many great features and the machine is so quiet and sews evenly.  Luckily I was able to find one in stock at a local sewing shop and the store owner said that he has been selling a lot of these lately and that it is a great deal for the price. Highly recommended for the price, believe the reviews."
"I recently purchased the Brother PC-420 solely based upon the reviews here on Amazon.  My old Singer was 35 years old and needed a trip to the repair shop almost everytime I used it.  I wanted a dependable, basic machine and didn't want to spend $1,000 since I'm not an expert seamstress.  On my old machine, I only used straight stitch and zig-zag, but I knew I would branch out to new things if I had a machine that would not ""mess up"" everytime I started sewing.  I've only made one simple piece with the new Brother machine, but I was quickly able to do straight stitch, overcast stitch, monogramming, and decorative stitch.  I forced myself to read the manual BEFORE even attempting to thread the machine.  The auto-threading needle is awesome!  So far, I've found it to be everything (and more) I wanted.  Not only will I enjoy using it, I'm sure I'll save money by not having to take pants and skirts to the alteration shop to have them shortened.  Time will tell, but my first impressions are VERY favorable!"
"I did my research for buying a new sewing machine over several years....When my old Necchi showed signs of imminent demise I chose the Brother PC-420 PRW as having the features I wanted most for the amount of money I had to spend.

This machine does not disappoint!! I love the self-threading feature and the top-and-bottom auto thread cutting. After a little time spent with the exceptionally thorough manual I was able to try different stitches--my first project just happened to include free-motion quilting with nylon thread and I had no problems at all.

I have two minor complaints....the monogram feature produces such small letters as to be useless for anything other than handkerchiefs, which saddened me. And the machine does not have enough interior light for my aging eyes.

Looking forward to trying out more stitches and feet, I quickly realized that this machine had all of the features of older, mechanical machines but with about a hundred times more ease and accuracy--PLUS the features I mentioned above! I prefer using the foot pedal, but I have options to use the knee control or even the button on the machine itself....which opens up a lot of possibilities I never had on my older machines!

FAST FORWARD TO 2012...Well, I still love my PC-420PRW but the buttonhole feature has ceased working altogether and I've had some other issues that sprang up as the result of my trying to fix what ailed it. Thankfully, I kept my Nechhi, which makes fair buttonholes, but it's a bummer to have to haul it out to make buttonholes. I tried to get the Brother fixed, but with no authorized repair person within 60 miles, I just gave up. I've even thought about buying a SECOND machine, but decided that was silly, so I just cope with things as they are. I still like the machine, strangely."
"My 5-star rating is not for the machine, rather Amazon's amazing customer service in its return.  I received PC-420 PRW just a few days after I had ordered it from Amazon (I selected them from a list of sellers). Amazon's original shipment was estimated at 3 to 5 weeks. Pretty great delivery considering I also received free shipment. When it arrived, the box was in great shape with no obvious signs of distress. But...upon opening it, it looked like someone had tried to take the machine out of it's tight packing and broke it's handle. Then they tidied things up a bit but forgot to put the manual back in, so placed it haphazardly back on top of everything before resealing the box. Rather than find out what else had been tampered with I resealed and requested a return from Amazon. Less than 18 hours later, UPS was at my door ready to pick up for return to Amazon. This is amazing stuff for 2010!! I buy a relatively expensive machine with no haggle at a steep discount, get free shipping, am unhappy with the product when it arrives, request a refund with no haggle and get it picked back up at my door less than 18 hours later.  Whatever you do, look for whatever you want to buy from AMAZON first! It may arrive in unexpected condition but you can purchase without fear or anxiety because Amazon will make it right. Amazon is good business - and that says a lot in present day USA. It's getting harder and harder to spend money these days but when I do, it will only be with companies like Amazon."
"Alright, so it's been awhile since I last used a sewing machine (Probably Home Economics in Middle School).  Regardless, I needed a machine and this looked like a pretty good buy.  It arrived yesterday and was really easy to unpack.  There are only two things that plug into the machine itself so it's really easy to set up.  One was the power cable and the other was the foot pad.  Next, I decided to thread it, and even that was really simple.  The user manual has pictures and detailed explanations so it wasn't hard to figure out.  The machine also has pictures molded into the plastic next to relevant sections of the machine so you don't even need the manual after you initially figure out how to thread it.  It even has this amazing device that you pull down on to thread the needle.  So easy!  There are lots of cool little accessories that came with it too.  I was really pleased with the set up.

I wasn't too worried about setting it up, but I knew I was going to be extremely rusty at actually using a machine. Turns out I was worried over nothing, because this machine works well when it's going fast or slow.  When I first started I was going a little slow and I was worried that I'd get off my line, but fabric guides through this machine so effortlessly.  After half an hour, I had the foot pedal pushed all the way down and was cruising through my project.  I finished my project in about four hours with no hiccups. (It was a really big project too!) I'd recommend this machine to beginners, anyone who is rusty, and even people with a lot of experience.  This machine can be really fast and it has so many different types of stitches you can do!  Also, it's Project Runway.  Who doesn't love Project Runway?"
"Even though this was not the same model that I had been trying to find, it has performed flawlessly, and has the features we wanted (and more). It arrived on schedule in perfect condition. I could recommend it to anyone needing an easy to use machine."
"I found this to be a wonderful machine, a miracle, and I was in love with it for the first few hours. When it hopelessly locked, with no thread jam to explain it, I was quite upset. The machine was useless and would not sew. The Brother website was difficult to sort out, but it offered only the advice to check for a thread jam and, if that didn't work, take it in for service. The nearest service facility was one hour's drive from my home and this was a brand new machine! I emailed Brother and 4 days later received a response with the same advice.
  I called Amazon customer service. Within 2 minutes a new, replacement machine was on the way and a UPS mailing label for return was ticking out of my printer! The new machine arrived in 2 days!
  I beleive the first machine I received was defective...which can happen to the best of items from the best of companies. No problem. When it worked, this was the best sewing machine I've ever used. I gave it 4 stars rather then 5 only for the frustrating customer service at Brother.
  The lesson here is: always buy at Amazon! Great response...great service!"
"I recently upgraded from a very simple Singer Esteem, and I absolutely adore this machine.  It is easy to use and saves me a ton of time - the automatic securing and thread cutter are more wonderful than I could have imagined.  I know I have a ton to learn about what this machine can do, but I was able to use it for everything I need right away.  I haven't had a single hiccup yet.

Things like how to thread the machine and wind the bobbin are clearly shown directly on the machine, making it very user-friendly.  They really have created a well thought out machine, with little extras everywhere to help make each sewing task more convenient (like thread cutters in all the right places).

I am just floored constantly at the awesomeness of this machine, especially coming from a non-computerized, very simple model.  I am extremely happy with my purchase and would not trade it for anything.  I debated a long time between this and the less expensive model, and am so happy I chose this one."
I love it! One of the best machines I have ever used! Well worth the money!
"After seeing the demo for this baby [...] I knew I had to have it.  I already had a beautiful antique Brother sewing machine (think of the old metal Singers, but green and much prettier), but it only did a straight stitch,  I had been looking for something a little more versatile.  The thing that really sold me on this machine was the automatic thread slicer and the adjustable presser foot pressure (that's becoming a scarce feature on modern machines).  I called several dealers in the area, but when I mentioned the word Brother they got all snobby and said that was Wal-mart brand and they don't carry or fix ""those thangs"".  Of course they sell Baby Lock which is made by Brother, but they didn't say anything about that.  So, I ventured onto Amazon and made my first purchase here... free shipping was awesome, and the price of the machine was right on par with HSN and Ebay.  This machine is nothing short of amazing.  It's quiet and powerful.  It's easy to use, and comes with a huge assortment of presser feet.  The automatic needle threader actually works.  The start stop button, throttle control slider (which can also be set to control stitch width AWESOME), needle up down button, and auto thread slicer all work together to make this one of the best machines for the money to be found.  Stitch quality and consistency are perfect.  I can't imagine ever wanting anything more from a sewing machine."
"I am in love.

I was hesitant to drop so many bucks on a sewing machine.  My past machines have included thrift store scores or freebie curbside machines.  Always metal, and circa the 60s or 70s they did their job and were large and in charge, usually with a tabletop.

I thought about this Project Runway machine for several months and researched quite extensively.  I originally wanted the model suggested by Consumer Reports but I really don't have a need for extensive embroidery or quilting.

I sew many materials, but I mainly sew leather bags.  That's right, leather bags!  My trusty metal singers could sew through anything, and I was scared to part with it.  But guess what - This Project Runway Brother machine has sewn through some of my thickest leather with no qualms.  In fact, I must say the stitching looks evener and more professional.

I have more space!  And I can pack this puppy away in the closet, so it's not always out taking up precious NYC Studio space.  I do miss the tabletop at times for larger projects but there is an extension available for purchase once I have some extra cash.

For the record, I have been using it the machine now for 2 months.  The thread cutter and automatic threader, a dream.  I wish I upgraded to a more modern machine months, ago.  It's those little things that just make life that much easier."
"I purchased this machine in November.  It replaced a 36 year old clunker (not a Brother)so you can imagine that this machine is like being in sewing heaven to me.  Everything I have used it for so far has been amazing and fun.  I love the self threading feature and the fact that you don't have to run it with a foot pedal.  I love the programming feature - awesome.  For the cost, it is a great bargain.  There is one little feature that frustrates me and that is the fact that there is only two sizes for monogrammed letters - small and large.  I would love to have a choice of sizes but I imagine to get this feature I would have to move to a more expensive model.  I can live with this.  If you are looking for a versatile, easy to learn to run machine - I highly recommend the PC-420 PRW."
"This machine is incredible - does all and more than I expected.  Operation is flawless and features are wonderful - although I have only used it for a month and know there is much I haven't even tried yet.  I received the machine in a very timely manner and all was exactly as described, as I have grown to expect from Amazon."
This is sewing machine that I have wanted for a long time.  It was well worth the wait.  It's ease of use and quietness make sewing fun again.  The theading through the machine is soomewhat a bother as you must hold the thread but certainly not outrageous.  I look forward to learning more about it's use.
"No disappointments whatsoever.  Delivered as priced, functions as described. Lives up to Brother's user-friendly, reliable reputation.  Highly recommended."
"After thoroughly exhausting my cheapo machine from college I was ready to upgrade to a newer sleeker model. This Brother came with everything that I was looking for and more. The stitch selection is amazing and compares to models twice the price. I love the knee lift for the presser foot. This frees up my hands for turning a piece while sewing. It takes a little while to get used to, but then is a fantastic time saver. The motor is quiet and quick. I never have to have scissors nearby for cutting the thread while threading or for cutting off at the end. With just a push of a button the machine cuts both the upper and lower threads at the end of a stitch. Amazon includes a walking foot, which was another reason for buying from them since this attachment is fairly pricey if bought separately. All in all a fantastic machine."
"I purchased this machine to replace my ancient Singer sewing machine.  My old machine is from the 80's and has about 5 stitches total, so this was a big upgrade for me.  I have never sewn on an electronic machine before.  I did have to read the manual before I began, and I have to reference it every now and again.  All in all the machine is very intuitive and easy to use.  I like not having to use a presser foot to operate the machine, and the auto thread feature is life changing for me!  The stitch selection is pretty awesome and in the future I can create my own stitches.  I really have no complaints.  This machine looks nice, operates well and should be able to handle all my sewing needs for a long time to come."
This is a great little machine for the price.  It has many features a much more expensive machine might have and more. I love the built-in scissors feature because I do a lot of paper piecing when I quilt. I have been very pleased.
"I have done some very basic sewing in the past, but was asked to create some costume items for my husband, and decided that I needed something better than my little ""Tiny Tailor"" which is good for hemming cuffs and mending seams.  I spent a week looking at various reviews and information, and while I was originally looking at the 'little brother' to this machine, the Brother 210-PRW, the 420 had such glowing reviews that I was truly torn.

I knew I wanted to invest in a good machine that was going to last me for a long while, especially if I really started getting into sewing, and so with my husband's blessing, I took the plunge and paid $80 more for the 420.  I needed it right away, and so as an Amazon Prime customer, I paid the extra $4 to get one day shipping.  There was a notice that it might take an extra day or two processing, but after placing the order before noon on a Friday, I got a shipment notice that very afternoon, and FedEx brought it to my door a bit before 11 the following Monday (today).

After taking some time to read through the first couple sections of the manual, I was able to unpack the machine, plug it in, fill a bobbin with thread, load it, and thread the machine to start sewing.  The automatic threader and the bobbin thread that is automatically pulled up made this machine a cinch to get started with.  And then I sewed some simple seams.  This machine is a dream!  It's very quiet compared to my memory of older machines, and the start/stop button and speed control make it a breeze, even when I'm just getting going and relearning the tricks of using a machine (which I hadn't done in 10+ years).

I would highly recommend this machine to someone who is new to sewing, but really intends to get into it and wants a machine that will be fun and easy to use, as well as sturdy and capable of sewing through thicker fabrics and multiple layers (I've been sewing fake fur today).  This machine comes with several types of presser feet, 4 bobbins, numerous accessories like a second spool pin and twin needle, an eyelet punch, two screwdrivers for changing presser feet and the plate, a cleaning tool with brush, and a hard shell cover."
"I was holding out for the Innovis model, but nobody sold it in town and you can't buy it online.  After tons of research I opted for this one - especially because the price was so low at Amazon!  I splurged on the 2-day shipping for my birthday and it arrived THE NEXT DAY!  It has so many features, tons of stitches, very user friendly, comes with its own hard case...just a fabulous machine.  I've made 4 projects so far with no issues.  I will say that on arrival the needle-threader didn't seem to work, but the next day it worked fine - go figure.  My favorite feature is the knee lift.  [...]  No reason not to buy it, and the best price is at Amazon."
"I considered many different options but narrowed it down to three Brother models--a basic, one step below this, and then this one.  I really went back and forth over it.  I chose this one because of the increased functionality, with the reasoning that I should never need to buy another machine.  This one does everything I could want to do.

I am not an experienced sewer, but with the manual, I got my bobbin wound, needle threaded, and was stitching along in no time.  It is easy to adjust the stitch type, length, tension, etc.  I love the stop/go feature and haven't even used the foot pedal.  The knee lift is a really nice option for slidy or walky fabrics.  I love how I don't have to bring up the bobbin thread or worry about the machine sucking the thread down into itself and causing a thread jam.

There's nothing I don't love about this machine and I recommend it wholeheartedly, both for a novice and an experienced sewer.  My mom has a high-end Viking and this one has some great features that hers doesn't.  Amazing utility for such a low price.  Definitely don't hesitate to buy this!"
"This a nice machine. I read the manual through once and was able to sew on it with confidence. I usually have trouble getting used to a new machine. It's very quiet and sews like a dream. There are many features that most seamstress' would love. My favorites are the automatic threader, the adjustable sewing speed (you can go real slow when working on something intricate), the auto thread cutter and the one touch reverse stitch. There are so many more features that I haven't used yet. I've only found one thing I don't like and that is the automatic presser foot lift and lower feature. There is a metal bar thing that goes under your sewing table and you use your knee to raise and lower the foot. It's kind of hard to do although I'm sure it would get easier with practice. I just do it manually. This is a solid, well built machine. I was using a $700 Husqvarna. Boy did I get ripped off when I bought that one. This machine can do so much more and was almost half the price. I did a lot of research looking for a new machine. Consumer reports recommended a different ""Project Runway"" machine. I looked everywhere but couldn't find one to purchase. I came across this machine and found it was similiar to the other but with more features. So I started reading reviews about it by people who purchased it. I could not find one bad review! That tells me all I need to know. If you're considering this machine you can buy it with confidence. It is a fantastic sewing machine at a fantastic price!!!"
This is a great sewing machine. Not too complicated. The automatic threading feature is awesome. Most features are available at the touch of a button. I highly recommend this machine. The price on Amazon is also great. Much less than other vendors. Shipping was very quick. I am very pleased.
"I've played with all the options and this machine hasn't disappointed!  The embroidery function is easy to use, and changing stitches is a snap. I've had no trouble with tension, threading, or bobbin winding.  With the knee lift pressure foot control, and push button start/stop sewing, you almost would never have to use the foot control."
"I been sewing as long I can remember.  I have 2 machines already a brother and a serger.  This brought me to the 21st Century.  I love the machine.  Had it since 9/08 and have not stopped sewing(shirts, pants, suits, bags, etc.) even did some monograming for the first time on a few xmas gifts.  Only thing I do not like was the zipper attachment not sturdy enough for me so I actually replaced it with the regular zipper foot I use on my other machine. But so far, definitely worth the money."
I am really happy with my machine.  I have been sewing for many years and have a small home decor business and I love my 420.  It is very quiet and user friendly. Great machine for the price.
"Love it! I enjoy sewing with this machine due to it's ease of use. Durable, precise and much more. I don't even need to use the pedal!"
"This is an amazing sewing machine that anyone can use.  I've been a sewer since childhood and I have several machines, 2 are Brothers.  Both of my Brothers are extremely user friendly, amazing value for the price, wonderful highend features, awesome stitch selection, wonderful auto-thread cutter, reinforcement/reverse stitching, always needle down, speed control, the ability to design your own stitches, programable memory, stitch combinations, and extremely easy to use.  This machine will last me forever."
"I love, love, love this sewing machine.  It is just one of many I have,
including a Viking, but this is my favorite!  It is very user friendly and versatile.  I purchased it because I wanted a machine that had an alphabet.  This has three!  I have many projects lined up. My new toy!!"
"I recently purchased this machine because I needed one to finishe the edges of my appliques. I own a Bernina also, however this machine out performed the Bernina as far as finishing goes. It was a little challenging to figure out why the machine would error when trying to make button holes, however, it was strickly operator error. I would definetly recommend purchasing this machine, it is worth the price."
"It sews smoothly. The needle up down is my favorite part . I've had all these functions in a much more expensive machine so I'm happy it has so many. The thing I like least is the fact that the  needle is automatically at the left. I'm very used to a centered needle and am finding this difficult to get used to.  However , I love the machine and  have made two table runners so far. I have done some minor quilting on them, mostly straight line sewing."
It has a lot of features for this price point!
"Ive had this machine for 6 years.  I do occasional sewing projects and mending or hemming.  I have loved this machine. It has a lot of great features that simplify some trickier sewing tasks . I love the buttonhole function- it is so awesome! Just put the button in one end for the measurement and then it will automatically sew a beautiful, perfect button hole! Ive never tried the walking foot, but I plan to and I love that my machine has the capability.  A couple years ago I lost the power cord and was able to easily replace it."
Was shipped fast. Great machine. Love it !
"I love this machine, priced very fairly!"
"Wonderful, easy to use sewing machine even for a beginner. Easy to thread and make selections. Unbelievably quiet too! Stitches beautifully. Easy to change bobbin and bobbin wind."
"Love this sewing machine! I upgraded from an older Brother basic sewing machine. I can't believe how much more I enjoy sewing with this model. No more bobbin jams! Love the autothreader, being able to adjust the speed and the thread cutter feature. Highly recommend! "
"I purchased this Used  as advertised - Like New: An apparently untouched item in perfect condition. Original protective wrapping may be missing, but the original packaging is intact and pristine. There are absolutely no signs of wear on the item or its packaging. Instructions are included. Item is suitable for presenting as a gift.
Results when unpackaged: 1. Machine wobbled on flat surface, missing one plastic feet. 2. Small crack on front of case. 3. Front and rear cases do not fit together properly. 4. Loose hardware, missing screws under the machine, found in box a bend screw and another one with a screw head without the treads. 5. Found in the box a very small corner piece of a circuit board. I returned the product."
work as advertised. durable
"I love this machine. After 5 years, it still works perfectly. I've never had any issue with it. I use it for hemming, mending, and small household projects."
"DO NOT BUY!!!  BEWARE!!
While this machine may be for the serious, diehard sewing enthusiast, it is not for 90% of the sewing population.  The machine is way to finicky, and will instantly jam, knot up, and seize your material.  My wife and mother have tried sewing projects for the 4 years my wife has owned the machine, and NEVER, not once, have they made it through a simple project.  If you don't purchase material with an interest in thread count, shear strength and load testing, then STAY AWAY.  You must adjust thread type, tension, and needle size with EVERY thread and sewing project you do.  If you are off by the smallest  margin on any of these attributes, you will spend almost all of your time trouble-shooting behavior, unjamming the feeder, or cutting out your project after it's been wadded up into a ball.  My wife HATES sewing now all because of this machine.  If you don't sew for a living, then stay away!!!!"
great machine
"I really liked this machine at first. It has great features and is pretty easy to use. However after only having it for 6 months I started having problems getting the tension adjusted correctly.  I contacted Brother thinking they would tell me to take my machine to our local Brother dealer for repair. (I bought it from Amazon) And the machine was still under warranty so I wasn't concerned. To my surprise I was told that there is no service center for Brother sewing machines in my state- Alaska.  The closest service center would be in the state of Washington.  But they would send me a list of service centers there so I could choose the one that would be most convenient.  Convenient?????  Seriously?  I have now paid out of pocket to get my machine going again. It shouldnt have needed any repairs after only 6 months with very moderate use. So especially if you live in the state of Alaska, don't buy a Brother unless its from a local dealer who will provide their own warranty.  Lesson learned. Thanks a lot Brother! "
great
Love it! Have used many of the decorative features and purchased a couple extra feet Love Brother machines
"Love it, paid $79 in December 2016!!
I got a great sale at diff retailer, but this is my machine. I'm here looking for an extension table.

I do free motion quilting, table runners, small quilts. Throat plate isn't big enough to handle large quilts...without sweat and swearing.

Great machine. I've also found lots of feet for cheap prices here on Amazon.
Keep an eye on the bobbin race. You'll need to clean lint out often if you do lots of quilting with cotton threads. No big deal. I use a pipe cleaner carefully, and it picks up all fuzzies wonderfully"
"Simple, and easy to use."
love everything about this machine
I absolutely LOVE thid machine.  So many extras. The festures are excellent. Machine works very well.
"its all plastic- and its worrisome that the important parts like the bobbin holder will soon break. For an expensive machine, it feels flimsy and cheap. I wish I could return it and shell out for a more expensive, yet better made machine. I cannot imagine these flimsy plastic parts will last. the ""computer"" that determines the stitches etc, is not intuitive and a bit odd. I have been sewing for many years so maybe this machine was not right for an advanced person. shop around... its just okay, but a mistake for me."
I love love love this machine
"I've had this machine now for over 6 years, used at least weekly, if not daily. It still works amazingly. I've sewed delicate fabrics all the way to heavyweight denim (flat felled seams and bar tacks through multiple layers) with no issues. I've used a good deal of the stitches included. Bobbin winding works fantastic, automatic threader and cutter does too (although I think after 6 years the cutter may be *starting* to wear out). I have no issues with the tension as some reviews suggested (I test it first to see if I need to adjust it especially for very think or thick fabrics). I love Brother so much, I've got their coverstitch and serger and 2 of their printers. I think this could be a great machine for a beginner but I also think an experienced sewist (as I would consider myself) would also highly appreciate this machine. I would buy another if for some reason I needed to!"
Must have if you do a lot of sewing.
"Easy to learn computerized options by using the manual. The automatic threader is reliable. The button-hole foot is good - I tested it in the store on a display model with the help of the sales rep. I make clothing mostly and not quilts, yet the quilting features are good for those projects too. The light is too dim."
This was my Christmas present to myself.  I am so glad I bought this one.  It has been a dream.  It works very well and i have had no problems at all.  I love this sewing machine.
This machine is everything I expected. I love it. I highly recommend it to anyone who likes to sew. and can't afford thousands of dollars.
SCAM !!
I needed a spare machine to do projects that use double layers of vinyl and leather. While I found the preset foot lever useful it just didn't like thicker layers..I used a leather needle and the bobbin thread just kept jamming and tangling or skipping stitches. It's a nice machine but wouldn't expect heavy duty items to work well with it. I ended up going with Singer Quantum Stylist.
Was a gift to my son. She'll use it when her other 1 breaks
"excellent machine, does pretty much everything!!!! so quiet when sewing compared to most machines!"
"It is a great machine! Has features I didn't even know it had. Runs quite, smooth, light weight."
I just love this machine. I was worried about some of the reviews that said it would bunch up when starting out . This did not do this its sews really well. I had to call customer service cuz I did have trouble winding the bobbin and they walked me thru it step by step and was very nice and patient. That went really well. I have tried a few stitches and the ones I have used have worked and looked very nice. I like the needle threading part as it is harder as I get older to do this. Thread cutting option is also very nice. The light for sewing is nice and bright so all in all I have found no problem with machine. After I use the machine more I will come back and add more
"My Brother Project Runway PC420PRW arrived quickly and in perfect condition.  Have started testing some of the stitches and just love the results, the quietness and ease of operation.  It's going to be a lot of fun to use.  This is my third sewing machine in 50 years of marriage. My first was a Kenmore, then a Pfaff.  It was also a very good price and I couldn't be happier."
"This sewing machine is fantastic!! I have a Singer Futura Quartet that cost me four times the cost of the Brother Project Runway machine and the Brother is 100 times better than the Quartet!! Wish I had never bought the Singer.....lesson learned, I'll only buy Brother going forward."
"After having a brother that was more of an entry level machine, I decided to upgrade to this.  Very happy with my purchase.  I love the auto threader and the cutting feature.  More stitches than I will ever use but i have done some machine quilting on wall hangings and was very pleased with the results.  Mainly i bought this for piecing quilts and the prices they want at the quilt stores are ridiculous.  THIS works just fine."
This sewing machine is bringing a lot of pleasure to a teenager I know. No regrets. Her smile is all I need.
"I haven't even looked at a sewing machine for 35 years and I was able to set this up and go within minutes! As a grandma, I wanted to be able to sew baby things! I signed up for a basic sewing course at a local fabric store. The instructor was impressed with my machine. She loved how easy it is to thread and how quietly it runs. I've already sewn several items! The manual that comes with it walks you through easy steps for a variety of stitches. I'm very happy with my purchase!!"
use it every day
"as a quilter i have found some frustrations w this pc-420. monofiliment thread is difficult to use, despite using the net, and highest quality thread. monifiliment type threads are almost impossible to use w the thread spool holder also the thread spool holder should be vertical instead of horizontal so we don't have to use the goofy plastic disks to hold a spool of thread on the machine. it makes changing threads take longer. or give us the option of either vertical or horizontal spool position. you cannot keep the machine threaded while you wind a bobbin. so make sure you have enough bobbins of the color you are sewing before you start. or else you have to unthread the machine in order to rethread to wind a bobbin. then rethread machine to sew. i change feet and threads multiple times a day which becomes a nightmare on this machine as the screw has to be loosened and tightened multiple times a day. it slows me down and wears out the metal screw. should be an easier way to replace the quilting foot w the regular foot. there are 9 steps you must do to thread the machine and use the auto threader which is annoying to do often. tho changing regular presser feet is easy. less steps would be helpful as it wastes lots of time to take on and off the special feet. the plastic body of the machine is flimsy where thread gets threaded through si when you thread the several steps to thread up and down and up and down etc the thread can easily catch on the plastic and can bend plastic so corners of machine pieces are easy to break off. the scewdrivers that come with do not work to take off the base plate for cleaning or detangling under the presser foot. the light is not adequate to see where you are sewing. i have to use three other lights on my sewing table and one attached to the machine, and a flourescent ceiling light as well as the ceiling light in the center of room to sew adequately after dark.  several stitches cannot be reversed in order to stabilize them."
Brother sewing machines is the best!!!!
Very happy with my purchase so far.  I wish there were more videos up about how to use some of the features.  I could not figure out where the lever for the threader was located.  Now I feel stupid because it was on the side of the machine.  The drawing in the instructions was not clear.  I does wind bobbins better than other machines I have owned.  I am still exploring the machine.
I LOVE THIS MACHINE. ITS SMOOTH SAILING. NO PROBLEMS WORTH THE COST!
"So far I have been very happy with this machine. The fact that you can thread the needle with a push of a button is amazing and everything about it seems intuitive. There are many features I haven't explored, but using the preprogrammed letters has been fun."
I love this sewing machine!  Easy to use. Computerized.  It does it all.  My eyes are not quite what they use to be and I have a hard time threading my old machine  Now I don't need help with that because it is a self threader.  Wondering now why it took me so long to update!.
Nice machine
I have a much smaller Brothers Machine at our summer condo and loved some of the features on it that my old Bernina didn't have.  I wanted a little heavier machine for our winter home and found the PC420PRW had everything I wanted and more for a very reasonable price.  I visited several Brothers dealers and couldn't see any reason to pay more for a few more features.  I didn't want lessons and I have the warranty if there is ever a problem.  The dealers will tell you that this machine is made in a different factory with different components but I called Brothers Customer Service and they told me twice that it is made in the same factory and has the same components.  So far I love it.  I especially like the ability to control the speed either with the control on the front of the machine or the foot pedal.  Also love the new needle threader and thread cutter.  The ability to always stop with needle down is a plus.  I am still learning some of the features but it is fun and is amazingly quiet!!!
We bought it for our grand daughter to learn to sew. Was not too complicated for her. My wife is eyeing one for her to carry to quilting classes since the weight is light enough for her to carry easily.
I own three brother machines and love them all.
"Totally satisfied, love it, learn something new about my Brother sewing machine everyday! Highly recommend this product."
"Purchased this Machine July 30, 2011 and it is still going strong! I use it for my home based business and it has needed minimal maintenance. Very Pleased!"
"I purchased this machine on Amazon through FlexShopper.  What a nightmare!  I've been sewing for 30 years and I've never seen so many problems after only a few weeks of using a machine.  Light weight fabrics get sucked into the feed dogs, no matter how much you adjust the pressure. The tension is moody and hard to manage.  The LCD display is a joke as the image quality is very poor. The needle threader jammed into the downward position and even though I managed to push it back up, now the machine will not sew because the needle threader catches on the back of shank as it tries to move.  I had to send the machine off for warranty repair.  Beware, if you don't have an authorized Brother Dealership or Service near you, Brother requires you to pay to ship the machine off for repairs! What a joke!  With 7.5"" of throat space, an additional LED light wouldn't have been to much to ask.  My former machine, the Singer Quantum Stylist 9960 has an additional light in the throat area, comes with 18 bonus presser feet, has a much better LCD screen, an extra wide extension table included, does a much better job when free motion quilting with automatic tension, and costs $50.00 less.  If you want an extension table for the PC-420PRW, you'll pay $50+...I'm done with Brother!  I bought the new Juki DX7 and it is a stunning machine!  Yes, it's pricey but you get what you pay for.  I also sold my Brother serger and replaced that with Juki as well.  Juki machines are the most amazing machines I've ever used and don't cost $5,000 for a decent model like Brother's VQ3000 machine which is no better than my new Juki DX7 I just paid $1300 for, minus some high tech bells and whistles that the more practical among us don't even need.  My advice is to either finance or save up for a good machine.  There's nothing worse than playing musical sewing machines!  I'm so glad I finally have good machines I know I can count on for years to come.  Thanks to the helpful folks at Sewing Machines Plus, I'm back on track and ready for a fun new year!  :)"
"This machine is absolutely amazing. I have not owned a Brother machine previously, but now wish I had done this years ago. The machine almost sews itself it is so smooth and easy. The settings are easy to set and to read. I love it. I do a lot of sewing and wear out a lot of machines, but I don't think I will be able to wear this one out. I just feel so happy when I'm sewing with this machine and making beautiful quilts and other items for my family.  Thank you for such a wonderful product."
"Bought this for my daughter, she loves it.  For the price this little machine packs a lot of punch.  It is not loud at all.  Easy to use.  Only thing I would suggest is they need to refine the auto threader."
"LOVE this machine. It's quiet, accurate and I have had very little difficulty learning the different features. Perfect for many projects, including window treatments, etc. Very happy with my purchase."
I did go ahead and order this machine. I had ordered a Brother se400 but it malfunctioned and had to send it back. Bought a Brother pc420prw instead and so far I absolutely love this machine. Stitches are perfect. Wonderful machine. I have no problems with it so far! I'm thrilled.
love it!
"I love this machine! It does extremely well quilting and does pretty good sewing knits
 And super easy to use, I looked up videos on YouTube and got the feel for it. So far I'm not disappointed"
"I takes concentration to learn what this amazing machine can do.  Patience pays off for nice
 results."
"Leaving the Singer family of sewing machines, I was excited to receive my first Brother - a PC 420.  The computerized aspect was easy to adopt to by taking my time on my first sewing project, reading the manual, and getting on you-tube.  I love the knee lift.  The foot pedal is still a crutch for me after 1 month, however that is primarily due to the limited speed options without it.  This would be a 4.5 star if not for the trouble of acquiring the pressure feet missing in the box.  I was missing 2 pressure feet and 1 bobbin on my original shipment.  Amazon, being the amazing company they are, Thank you and kuddos, sent me a replacement machine.  Unfortunately, the 2nd unit was missing 3 pressure feet including one I was looking for.  I decided to go to Brother Customer service rather than ask Amazon for another replacement unit.  This is, after all, a Brother company issue.  After speaking to 3 representatives I was told to email in my receipt and within 3 weeks I would get my darn zipper foot.  That is not okay.  At minimum it should be fed-ex with apology.  Not a good introduction to Brother.  Get your customer service team and policies to focus on actual customer satisfaction or loose your sales base....which is obviously word of mouth and pen."
"Love it! Easy to use, powerful and saves valuable time"
"Love, love, love this machine! Still learning all the great things it can do! Everything I wanted in a new machine & more!"
"They say you get what you pay for, and there is truth in that.  I bought this to replace a $2000 Babylock that died on me.  This is not a $2000 sewing machine.  But then again, I did not pay $2000 for it.

Pro:  While it is brand new, I have to say that this sews like the expensive machine.  I love the fact that all of my accessories fit.  It has luxury features like thread cutters, knee lifter, and that great brother/babylock needle threader.  For me, another great perk is that the body is the same size as my dearly departed Babylock.  This means that my sewing table insert works well.

Con:  I have been spoiled by the $2000 machine touchscreen.  I will have to learn how to find the stitches I need.  I think the Brother cs-6000i has a better interface in that you just enter the stitch number you need.

Only time will tell, but this machine impresses me on day 1 and has all the features I need plus some of the ones I really enjoy, even if I don't really need them."
Very nice sewing machine with rich features.
I bought this for all the buttonholes it makes. Now I've made it my primary machine for all my sewing. Easy to use!
The machine was fine for the first year and then the Tension went - now since we don't have a Brother service centre near where I live - it cannot be fixed - Brother was of no help and told me to find a service centre - didn't give any suggestions as to where that might be.  And when I asked for a schematic or repair manual I was told they could not send me one because I am not a service centre - Now I'm stuck between a rock and a hard place - they won't tell me where to get it fixed and they won't send me the information I need to fix it myself.  That is not customer service
"Disappointed.  I got my first Brother PW 4 years ago.  Started quilting; became 'hooked'.  July 2016 the switch to lower the feed dogs broke.  It was going to cost $90 to fix a $185 machine, so instead I bought this one.  I was excited to have a thread cutter and other features.  In November the needle kept falling out.  I contacted Brother for service.  The closest place was over 100 miles.  Neither company would let me ship the machine to them.  Fortunately I had purchased the extended warranty with Square Trade through Amazon.  They said I could take it to the shop 30 miles away and they would reimburse me.  Great!  Went without machine for 8 days!  Six weeks later the FMQ would not work; back to shop.  There was thread wrapped around something inside.  Removed.  This happened again yesterday.  That's it.  I'm done.  I am going to shop for something else.  Keep shopping for better machine!"
"I have owned this machine for 4 years now and absolutely love it. I sew everyday and run an at home tailoring business. Couple things to know: use the right bobbins (made by brother) and use great quality thread (I use gutterman exclusively in my bobbin and in my needle).  This machine has been a work horse. I love the widened bed for quilting. I would buy this again in a heart beat. There is nothing better than the automatic thread cutter too!  Only draw back- it struggles with really thick layers. 3 layers of denim is ok, but the 4th layer is too much. For advanced bag making and leather, it would need a more powerful motor."
"LOVE this machine.  I have had it for years now and the only problem is the 'thread cutter button"" will jam the machine, so I just don't use it.  Everything else works fine and i wouldn't trade it for the world.  I have a second Brother machine as a back up, but this one is the one I go  to."
"Very pleased, this machine sews like a dream, such nice features for a great price.  I was a Janome user for years.  I was tired of the constant bobbin thread jams with the Janome TB30 and it's inability to smoothly adapt to changes in fabric thickness.  This brother machine beats it hands down.  It brought fun back to sewing for me.  I liked it so much I bought two brother sergers, another sewing machine and a brother embroidery machine.  Love them all!"
"I've had this machine past a year now.  I mainly use it for piecing quilts together.  Have had no problems with cotton, flannel or denim. I've even played a little with the embroidery making quilt labels :) So far the only thing I don't like about this machine,  Is that it doesn't warn me when the bobbin is low or empty....ugh! .....I don't know if I've received a malfunctioning machine or if just not part of its programing. My several years older computerized brother machine does this so I'm unsure why not a feature now. I've read the manual, have correct bobbins....so...who knows. Other than that it's been a fantastic machine."
"Everything I expected. In fact it is easier to use than I imagined. The clear bobbin cover is a plus. The LCD display is a great feature. First it walks you through the threading and winding proceedures with help screens. Pretty painless. They call it a manual threader. While you slide the thread in and operate the lever, to my old eyes that is pretty automatic.
The display shows you the stitch you have selected. A little grainy, but adequate.
The ajustable speed is a nice feature. Really quiet. LED lighting means it will last for years. Bigger bobbins really help on large projects. Get extras, you will want more than the four it come with. The stitch cards are plastic coated and durable. The instruction manual was well written, a rarity to find these days.
Cons, you have to unplug it after use. A good double pole switch would have isolated it. I would recommend using a surge supressor plug strip as with any electronics. A higher resolution screen would be nice. More bobins. It is heavier than my previous machines. Monograming will take some practice."
Very good for the price.
"Love it so far.
I have another older Brother that has given me some tension issues lately. Hopefully this one won't do the same."
Really nice sewing machine with lots of stitches to choose from.  No problems so far and have had it over a year.
"Love, love, love my new machine. Got sewing in about 30 minutes after taking it out of the box. I particularly like the buttons that cause the needle to forward stich, backward stitch, stop & cut the thread. Very convenient!  Also has knee release to remove fabric allowing you to use both hands for removal, handy for large items.  Very happy with my purchase."
"I  Love my new Brother project Runway PC420PRW 294 Stitch, It has so many Feature, and  I love the knee  lift. So Happy That I bought it"
This is an awesome machine.  It has everything you need to quilt.
Such a smooth working machine with lots of throat space for quilting room!
"I absolutely love sewing with this machine.  The automatic threader, the built in thread trimmer using the scissors button, the knee lift, being able to use with or without the foot pedal, just so many wonderful things about this machine.  The manual is very good also that comes with it.  I am still learning new things about it and have enjoyed it so much.  It has been everything I was hoping to find in a machine.  This is my second Brother sewing machine and I have not been disappointed in either.  I also bought the extension table to go with it.  A friend has bought one also in the past few days after seeing mine.  I searched lots of reviews before deciding on this machine.  Delivery was fast and it was well packaged.  This was a really good price also on this machine.  Another thing I really like about this machine is the carrying case as it has a place on the side of it for your manual, etc.  Also, the Brother SA537 extension table that I ordered to go with it has a slot on the back of the extension table that houses the knee lift and the extension table will hang on the side of the cover for the machine when you want to transport the machine to craft or quilting class.  All the feet are together in the arm of the machine so that you have everything compact when transporting it  from one spot to another.  Very well designed."
"We gave this machine to our daughter as a gift over a year ago.  After numerous sewing projects, she just loves it."
Wonderful machine
Happy with this product
Love this sewing machine! The automatic threader is a huge plus.
Best sewing machine. I absolutely love this machine it is so easy to use and I'm addicted to sewing because of it! A real treat to own this.
"I have had this machine for a couple of years.  I normally just sew easy things, aprons, quilt tops, handbags, etc.  I have never used any of the fancy stitches.  I am writing this review on winding the bobbin on this machine.  I don't care how much I use it, I dread winding the bobbin.  I get it right half the time and the other times, the thread ends up underneath the thread holder.  Very irritating because I can't figure out a way to lift it off and take the excess thread off.  So, I have to spend my time sitting there unwinding the thread so I can start all over winding the bobbin.  I have one of those bobbin winders that I use most of the time instead of using the machine bobbin winder.  This is my first Brother machine.  I have always used Singers and Kenmores in the past.  Nope, don't think I will buy another one if this Brother wears out."
"UPDATE: I've had the machine for a little less than a year now and it's starting to have all kinds of problems. The thread cutter stopped working and it appears the end of the little cutting tool broke off. The needle threader is very iffy, works sometimes, not others. I have to change my needle out way too often. The stitches have gotten sloppy. The thread breaks often and is a real pain to get out of the machine so I can rethread it. If I'm sewing on anything very thick at all (like 2 layers of fleece) the stitches skip terribly. If I start a seam at the end of the fabric, the machine eats it.. I've had to dig out more fabric than I care to think about. The markings on the various buttons (like reverse) are wearing off already and will not be visable after much more use.  I love the knee lift and also loved the thread cutter, as well as the decorative stitching. But good grief, less than a year and all these problems! I've contacted Brother and they've sent me a list of authorized dealers to take it in to have it fixed.. Hopefully, I'll come back with a machine that won't have to be taken in again in less than a year. Very disappointed in this machine after loving it so much at first.  I have 2 other brothers and a bernina, and have never had these kinds of problems with those machines.. I paid more for this one than my other Brothers, and they are much more dependable.. Like I said, very disappointed in this machine. Hopefully when it comes back from the repair shop, it'll be like new again. Crossing my fingers.
Original Post:
I purchased this machine for the knee lift option, but am pleasantly surprised at all the other great features.. I sew for a living, and have had many, many sewing machines, including quite a few brother project runway machines. I never really appreciated the brother machine until I bought a very expensive Bernina machine. I then realized that the Brother machines have many of the same features as the Berninas.. They aren't built as well, they don't have the metal parts Berninas do, but they also cost a fraction of the cost...The Brother may not last 20 years like a Bernina, but then again, when you pay a fraction of the cost, when it comes time to replace it, you'll probably be looking at a new Brother with some great new features!

My knee lift quit working on my Bernina, and I really depend on it for speed. I noticed quite a few reviewers stated they didn't get the knee lift on this machine and thought it was a waste of time.. Let me tell you, if you sew a lot like I do, the knee lift is the best feature of a sewing machine. Once you get used to using it, you will never want to be without it!

Our only local sewing machine shop went out of business last year so I have no where local to take it to be repaired.. The nearest dealer is a 3 hour trip with a $100 minimum to look at it, plus whatever it costs to fix it with parts, etc... If it has to stay more than a few hours, it would mean another 3 hour trip to pick it up..

I started looking for machines with knee lifts and found this one on Amazon.. After doing a lot of research on it, I decided it was worth purchasing this machine, as it could easily end up costing me this much to repair my Bernina..

I am really so surprised by this machine... Not only does the knee lift work great, but it has a thread cutter I've never had in a machine before.. It's awesome.. You just push the thread cutter button when you finish sewing a seam and it actually cuts the thread.. What a time saver..

The options are very easy to use. There are quite a few decorative stitches including lettering that actually work!  The lettering on my Bernina has never worked correctly.

The needle threader is different than my other brother machines and it took me a bit to get used to it.. At first I thought it didn't work and I was very disappointed, but after getting out the directions and following them (lol), I figured out how to use it and it's now easy as can be..

It comes with a hard carry case, which is nice, but to be honest, I never use them, but if you like to cover your machine when not in use, it would be nice..

Probably the one thing I don't really like about it is where the spool of thread goes.. You lift the top of the machine to add the spool.. Once you thread the machine you close the top to sew, which is nice, except I don't use spools of thread, I use cones thread, so the top needs to stay in the open position. It's not a big deal, just kind of wish I could close it.

There are a lot more features than what I mentioned, but the bottom line is, this machine works great and offers a lot of features normally found in much more expensive machines... Right now I have four machines and I find that I am using this one about 80% of the time.."
"I've had this machine about 5 months now and I love it!  The automatic threader and thread cutter work great.  I never knew what I was missing!  It's easy to figure out and sews very smoothly.  I'm an avid sewer and quilter and I love this machine.  The decorative stitches are decent quality too.
Cons:  I wish the table extender was included at this price, I had to pay around $57 to buy one.  Also, the lettering fonts are pretty useless, the quality and size aren't very good.  So if you're looking to do lettering, this isn't the machine for you.
Overall -  I would definitely recommend this machine, I love mine."
"So far a wonderful machine. . . However I had hopes to generate and save a ""million"" stitches using ""My custom stitch"".
Imagine my surprise when I discovered I could only save 5. . .  :- (
This is not something they openly advertise. . ."
"Waiting for mine to arrive but I know I will love it! This will be my 3rd Brother. I had no issues with previous ones, I am just upgrading. The link below is a video that will help you set the needle to the middle position and it will stay until you reprogram it. Enjoy the relaxation and creativity of sewing 
[...]"
"I love it.  It's quite and sews very well.  I've had a more expensive sewing machine and never really enjoyed sewing with it, did bother me one bit to sell.  This one does everything I need it to do and more still learning, and yes I have looked at the newer models from brother, but can't see paying thousands for a sewing machine when this little guy does the same quality stitch.  You won't regret buying I love this machine."
"A machine that does many things, none of them very well.  Cheaply made, with many plastic parts in the mechanism.  On sturdy fabrics like corduroy or wool, it performs adequately.  It could be a good starting machine for a new sewer.  But... On lightweight fabrics, like shirting, the tension is so out of whack that it literally gathers while it stitches.  Stitching over paper helps a bit, but what a pain.  Now it's become a fabric-eating monster.  After less than 6 months of use, it has eaten the cuff of a shirt while I was putting in a buttonhole.  Unfortunately it's too late to return it, so I may just start a bonfire."
"Update: My review initially was entitled Not for Heavy Fabrics, but I changed it to Yes for Heavy Fabrics and that is thanks to a comment below that gave me some good advice that I tried and it worked.  All I had to do was change the presser foot tension and go back to a normal pressure foot and my thick double-knit sewed beautifully.  Therefore,  I am upping my rating from 4 to 5 stars.  This is an excellent sewing machine.

I am surprised that some reviewers consider this a heavy-duty sewing machine because I've found the opposite to be true.  I nearly damaged the machine trying to sew with a cotton poly double-knit which when doubled for sewing seams is 3mm wide.  The manual states fabrics up to 6mm can be used, which is just not true. And I used every option available, including trying different ball-point needles, heavy-duty needles, walking foots and other presser foots, adjusting the tension, stitch speed and stitch width with no success.  Finally, I had to admit defeat and switched over to my serger which easily handles ""heavy"" fabric.  I've had this machine for 6 months now and this is the first major issue I've had. Another negative is the poor lighting, which I've found a solution for by using a gooseneck lamp which I wrap around the machine handle and it provides decent lighting. Other than that I have been very pleased with this machine.  I especially love the ease of the bobbin winder and the drop-in bobbin that automatically connects with the upper thread,  and the automatic needle threader is a time-saver.  Plus the crazy amount of beautiful stitch selections opens up a lot of opportunity for creative one-of-a-kind designs."
"Wow!  Amazon is incredible!  I ordered this machine the night before thanksgiving, and it was here by  Monday!  I love the machine. It does everything that it said it would do, smoothly and quietly.  The stitches look great!  I used it a lot for Christmas sewing and pillow cases for everyone in the extended family.

 I specifically bought this machine for the automatic thread cutter, which I LOVE!  Then, all the sudden the thread cutter stopped cutting the thread.  It still worked, it just didn't CUT the thread.

I took it to the only place we have in town for service, and was told that they were not an authorized  Brother dealer.  He kindly looked up the nearest service center for me and it was over two hours away.  I was baffled about how I was going to get the cutter fixed since that was the reason I bought the machine in the first place.  I decided to call Amazon and ask for their help.

I was elated when the very kind lady on the phone said they would issue a pick up slip for the machine, AND ship out a brand new one to me with free overnight shipping!!  I called them on Sunday morning, Feb 28th and by 4pm Monday, the. 29th my new machine was here!

I was back to sewing within 15minutes!  I will certainly not be skeptical or worried about shopping online with Amazon ever again!  It was an incredible experience and I wanted to share that in case you have any reservations about online shopping with Amazon.  Trust me, and go for it! Happy Shopping!"
Great throat size for quilting. Good price.
"I gave this to my daughter and she is thrilled with it.  Not only does it sew better than the one she had, it has extra features that she loves. She uses it for making clothes she designs."
Does everything I want and runs smoothly. Comes with a lot of extras that are great to have.
"works ok, but a part was missing from the package.  it was a zipper foot # X59370-051"
This little machine is one of those well kept secrets that everyone should know about. A best buy for the money!
Not very happy with this machine as either the bobbin doesn't wind tight thus allowing the bobbin thread to get caught in the sewing machine needle shaft or the sewing threader doesn't thread the sewing machine needle and you have to retread the thread sometimes as many as six times. I may send this machine back.
My wife is over the moon about her new sewing machine
"This machine is trying to straddle the gap between a consumer and industrial machine, which is a hard thing to do, but it does an excellent job of it. Its got a huge myriad functions, for the home user that wants their machine to be a ""jack-of-all-trades"". And it has a little extra power and weight, to handle some of the heavier-duty jobs that a industrial machines address. This might be the perfect blend of functionality for many home, pro and semi-pro users.

Whether it is best for you would depend on the application."
"I love my new ""Brother"".  She just purrs!"
"Although the extension ""table"" is an added accessory the machine performs effortlessly and makes sewing once again a lot of fun. Check the details of what this machine offers and make your own comparison for your own needs."
"I LOVE this machine! I'm a professional costumer and this machine has served me well for 2 years. Easy to use, dependable and solid. It even accompanied me to Bermuda.

It sews like a dream and is easy to operate. Comes with great feet and it even tells you which feet to use with which stitch. I love the leg lever and that was a a motivating feature in purchasing this machine. The automatic threader is amazing!

The only cons to me are that it's quite large and heavy, though that is also a plus. I also wish it had an adaptor to use larger cone thread, but I just purchased a metal cone thread holder and it works perfectly."
I love this machine.  It took some time to 'figure it out' but its great
Love love love this machine. I will always by brother products. Well made machine. Some of the accessories are a little flimsy and feel vulnerable to breaking after some time that is my only complaint.
have had this machine for awhile now and absolutely love it!!  I have quilted queen size quilts on it with no problem.  Just have to do it in sections but still very manageable!!
Very smooth machine and easy to use!
"Bought for my wife (experienced seamstress). This machine has lots of options and seems well made.  Wife says it is finicky...has had a few broken needles and actually had a needle sew  through her finger (no kidding, a first for her after 40 years of sewing).  She can't figure out what went wrong.
Anyway, not sure if user error or again, in her words, machine is finicky/touchy.
The auto thread doesn't seem to be consistent."
"Love, love this machine"
"Great. Everything it says, it does. I was a little concerned to see that much of the product, including the bottom plate is made of plastic. I guess I was accustomed to my old product from years ago. Doesn't seem to hinder anything, so far."
"I purchased this machine a year ago.  I am new to sewing and absolutely love this machine!  It has great lighting, runs quietly and I never have any difficulty with it!  I love all the extra feet that came with it - I have only had to buy one foot (concealed zipper foot).  The weight is great.  I can't say enough good things about this machine!!!"
I love it. Great machine for the price. I especially like that the thread holder on top of the machine is under a protective lid because I often travel with my machines and frequently break that part. Started sewing with this machine literally minutes after unpacking it and really like the thread cutting and needle threading features.
I received this machine as a gift from my husband. It is a great machine. I haven't had any issues with it.
"This machine is better than I thought.  I bought one early in 2013, and was disappointed that the bobbin thread tension was not adjustable. Not only does the manual not mention bobbin thread tension, I even contacted Brother support on the phone to see if there was some way to adjust it.  They said, ""No.""  Just recently I bought a replacement bobbin case from Amazon because it indicated that the thread tension was adjustable.  To my amazement, it was identical to the one that had come with the machine. The bobbin thread tension is adjustable!  It is controlled by the ""painted"" screw on the bobbin case, which was green in color for both my original and the replacement. You might need to buy a screwdriver small enough for the slot, as the smaller of the two that came with the machine doesn't fit this screw very well.  I am now VERY happy with this machine, and have had no problems in almost three years of general use.  I have been sewing for 50 years (on and off) and this is my fourth machine, and by far the best I have owned."
This sewing machine is a DREAM!!!!
"I particularly love the stop/start and speed control features on the front. I was able to stitch together a quilt top with a broken foot. I had read so many conflicting views on the drop-in bobbin, I admit I was a bit nervous about its performance. Am happy to say, I've not had any problems whatsoever. Plus the needle threading feature is fabulous. I am completely satisfied with this sewing machine."
"It was my first computerized sewing machine & it takes a bit of getting use too.  Dials were easier. But it it performs wonderfully.
 I do miss the foot pedal.  This unit comes w/ one as an option but it stops some of the functions & is very delicate."
"Upgraded to this from the cs-6000i.  I loved my last machine, which lasted me 5 years of quilting about 6 to 10 lap size quilts a year.  It was a great machine for the price, but I wanted some extra bells and whistles.
First of all I LOVE this machine.  You really can't beat a brother.  This machine is much heavier, which you really want if you use the fastest speed and sew in long lines to keep from bouncing all over the place.  This machine is also much quieter, probably because the thread spool is under a cover.  The cutting button feature alone is worth $200, especially when quilting so I don't have to reach under the quilt all the time to cut the bobbin thread.  The extra large throat space makes it easier when quilting and I love that this comes with a quilting foot and a free stitch foot.  Its also a bonus that there is a little compartment in the base for a couple of extra bobbins.  I haven't found anything I don't like about it so far."
Very happy with delivery service on this product.  So far it is a great machine and good instructions.
Great machine stitches beautifully!  Main sewing is done on a Bernina but when I want to take a machine with me that has lots of features this is perfect!  I love the knee lift especially for quilting!
"I'm wondering when Brother figures out that they could charge twice as much for this machine and it would still be a great deal. My Kenmore finally died, so I went to the Consumer Reports website and read up on this model; nothing but rave reviews. This machine is quiet, strong, and has many options. I read the manual once and I've become really comfortable with the machine quickly. The automatic threader, the no-pull bobbin, the LED screen to choose stitches, stitch width and length, embroidery patterns, the one-button thread cutter - this machine has everything. I also have the Brother Designio Series DZ1234 Serger and I've come to the conclusion that Brother is a superior company on all levels."
"Bought for my wife, and she has had nothing but good to say about it.  She's a regular watcher of Project Runway, and they gave this machine a pretty good workout, which is why she chose it."
"absolutely perfect--
am going to love this machine--"
"Love the machine. At first I thought the threader was broken, but you just have to make sure the foot feeder is down before you try to thread the needle."
"This is the WORST machine company.  I bought this machine a few weeks ago and it started breaking the machine.  Then I took it to a repairman who said I should return it.  I returned it and promptly got a second.  It doesn't work either!  I make clothing for customers and I am losing a ton of money. THis is the FOURTH brother sewing machine I have had since August 15th. That's right, 45 days!!!!!!!  I am irate and have been on hold for 30 minutes.  Obviously I am not the only person with this problem.  I am currently having to refund $175 in outstanding orders because I am without a machine.  Thank you so much for your terrible machine and service.."
Great
Returned it. It was sticking when I tried to use it. I had a technician look at it and he said it was damaged. Returned to Amazon and was quickly refunded. I ended up purchasing a Baby Lock Aria and I love it! I also purchased a brother serger that had issues a few weeks prior and had to return it as well. The tech said it was dry as a bone. No oil! It has turned me off of the brother brand.
"Admittedly, I've only owned this machine for a week so can't speak to its overall durability. But I am already in love. This is an upgrade for me from the Brother CS6000i, which was a fantastic, reliable little machine.

PROS: Seriously generous harp space for the price, more than even more expensive machines. Loaded with handy features like the drop in bobbin, knee lifter, thread cutter and automatic threader. Excellent selection of stitches, those as primarily a quilter I probably won't use many. For you quilters out there, this machine does a perfect free-motion stitch right out of the box!  No messing with tension for me at all. And lastly, it's a quiet machine.

CONS: Only a couple and they are minor, in my opinion. The needle defaults to the left side stitch. Would be great to be able to change this setting to default to the middle. The bobbin winder is set at an angle, which makes it difficult to see if the bobbin is winding correctly.

I would highly recommend this machine, no matter what your budget, but it's price makes it irresistible!  I would say best price in its class, but I think it's actually priced for a class below what it actually is.  This is a quality machine."
"I have not seen any comments on the stitch creation feature. Even you tube had no info.
I want everyone to know about this feature as it is totally awesome but a bit tricky to figure out.  I finally designed a turtle and was able to program the grid coordinates into the machine and save the pattern for future use.
There are no limits to this machine as you can always create new stitch patterns to store.
I am totally in love!!"
I absolutely love this machine.
"I sew professionally (though not super high volume).  After trying for several months to get a new Janome HD3000 to cooperate, I finally threw in the towel and admitted that I shouldn't have to waste so much time coaxing and begging a brand new machine to do its job! I returned it and decided to go with a Brother (not my first Brother machine).  Even though I got dinged a little on a re-stocking fee for the Janome return, I'm still glad I got rid of it and went back to a Brother! This machine is wonderful! I also currently have an industrial, heavy duty Juki machine which I use for super heavy duty sewing, but wanted something that could do light and medium work, plus some decorative stuff.  This machine definitely fits the bill.  Reading some of the other reviews, I think that folks are having some ""user error"" issues that they're attributing to the machine and that I learned over time with my old Brother (and which I've found to be the same with this one).

1.) Folks saying they can't get the feed dogs back up after putting them down.  This is really confusing on Brothers! Your machine will arrive with the switch all the way to the right (feed dogs UP). Then you flip it to the left and you see the feed dogs visibly go down.  Then, you try to flip it back to the right and the switch won't go all the way over.  And to add insult to injury, you don't see the dogs come back up! It seems like a defect! Alas, it isn't. The switch will NEVER go back to flipping all the way to the right, BUT, as soon as you either start sewing or simply turn the handwheel, up will pop the feed dogs! They DO come back up, but that weird switch and the fact that they don't pop back up without advancing the handwheel or sewing is kind of misleading.

2.) How does the thread cutter work? It DOES leave about 2"" of tails, but the nice part is that it pulls both threads to the BACK and cuts them both. You will still need to give them a little trim though.

3.) Needle threader doesn't work. Unless someone has a truly defective machine, it works perfectly when the needle is all the way in the UP position.

4.) Heavy duty sewing.  The piercing power is pretty darned good considering this isn't sold as a heavy duty machine. It also feeds well with thick layers. Going over humps is difficult even for my Industrial Juki (DNU 1541), so this isn't a matter of power, just mechanics. Try a humper jumper if you do this regularly. It's not the machine.  And finally- don't think you're going to sew through leather with a size 12 needle! Get the appropriate size and type of needle and thread, play around with the tension and presser foot pressure and you should be good to go!

5.) Knee lift. Anyone who has ever worked on an industrial machine will appreciate this. It really does make life easier! I piece lots of curves which requires me to stop and adjust the fabric pretty frequently.  With the knee lift, I don't have to take either hand off the fabric which saves a lot of time and aggravation.  Plus, this combined with the thread cutter makes it really easy to quickly sew a piece, cut, lift and toss it aside while you grab the next one or even just to go to another seam on the one you're working on. Big time saver if you spend any considerable amount of time at your machine.

6.) And on an related note- if you really want to take advantage of the overcasting stitches and don't want to invest in a serger, the $20 side cutter foot works PERFECTLY on this machine! I've used it on cotton sherpa (a soft, fleecy material), cotton/lycra jersey knit (stretchy!) and flannel and it worked like a dream.  Very worth the $20 and the instructions included in this machine's manual will have you up and running in no time.

I think those were the main things I saw mentioned in the reviews. Great machine for a great price. Obviously, if you want fancy monogramming/embroidery, serging, super heavy duty sewing, etc., then you need to invest in the appropriate machines for those things! For what it promises and the price, this machine is awesome!"
"Absolutely GREAT sewing machine! I have had it for about 4 years now, and it still works flawlessly. Can't go wrong with this purchase! Just do it!"
"OK, I was sewing with my Mom's old 1970s Singer. It was a nice one and great in it's time, but I'm new to sewing and quilting and I needed something simpler that made my sewing look better and didn't mess up all the time. I LOVE THIS MACHINE!!!  I don't know how to sew enough to give you a technical review. However, if you are new to sewing and need something to help you improve. YOU NEED THIS MACHINE!! I don't even use the foot petal. I just push the buttons on the front. Put your material in, push needle down, push back for backward stitches, push forward and sew for a while, push backward to stop then go backward, push the cut thread button. Plus it is so easy to wind the bobbin and thread the machine and thread the needle automatically. It is easy to pick stitches, change the length and width, change the feet. It has a small handy compartment for the feet and a few other  things. I haven't tried all the stitches, nor the button hole, nor the embroidery thing but I bet they are great. THE ONLY THING that I don't like about this machine is that you have to use a screw driver to change the foot to a walking foot and back AND to take the needle in and out. I wish I could just reach up there with my hand and turn a knob in those places to change them. The screwdriver is a huge pain and slips off the screws when you are trying to tighten and loosen them. I'm thinking I can go to home depot and find a knob thingy to replace them - but I haven't looked yet. Other than the screws, this machine is the bomb!!!!"
"More than met my expectations. I had not done any sewing for a number of years, but this machine has brought me back to a recreation that I have always been passionate about."
"If you need a reliable machine then check out Brother's line. This machine has so many good con's about it, the few things that you don't  like are
few and not worth worrying about. For the money and quality, you can't get a better machine than this one."
Plastic parts.  Stopped sewing after 6 months.  Will never own another Brother product.
The machine was quiet and hummed - nice stitches - but the bobbin winder went crazy.  One bobbin was overfilled to the point the sides stuck out and could not fit in the bobbin case.  One time the bobbin actually burst apart.  Then the needle threader stopped working  Both items are important- Amazon was great and allowed me to get full credit towards a different machine
"This item works very well... mostly.  I have not used all stitches, but those that I have used, work very well.  I did find a problem with thread supply.  This unit is equipped for a standard thread spool.  I use bulk thread spools, This unit does not do well with large (bulk) thread spools, because there is no clear path for the thread to feed from a spool which is not mounted to the on-board spool holder.  My thread is set onto a vertical pole, where the spool rotates as the thread feeds.  This machine breaks the thread, with the slight tension required to pull the thread from the vertical mounted spool.  This problem caused me to modify my spool holder to a horizontal position, so the thread flows freely from the bulk spool.  All other sewing machines have work normally with a vertical mounted thread spool."
"Does so much, it'll take years to learn it all!"
"I enjoy using this sewing machine, reasonably priced for all the different features it performs.  Really LOVE the feature of the cutting of the thread.  Would recommend this machine."
This sewing machine is awesome!!!
My machine of 35 years died right in the middle of a project... after much research... lots and lots of review study... watching u-tube videos and talking to some local dealers I decided on this machine and I couldn't be more pleased..so far I absolutely love this machine... you cannot beat the price... it does everything I want it to... very easy to use... very quiet... I love the adjustable speed control...the needle threader is wonderful...everything works exactly as described.. winding a bobbin is a breeze... one of the straight stitch settings has the ability to move the needle to the right where ever you want it... I could never do that with my old machine.. I use that feature all the time now....  . I make my clothes.. and other things needed for the house so I can't be without a machine... so glad my old machine finally died.. because the new machines out there today are fabulous.. and this one selling for a fraction of the price I paid 35 years ago... I'm a happy camper...
I absoluetly love this machine.  Being a quilter I have used this every day I've had it.  This machine is so quiet and the features are to die for.  I highly recommend this to anyone.
Excellent machine
I love my new machine! It's working well. My only complaint is that the concealer zipper foot was missing in the set what I opened the item andluck would have it that it's the only foot I need to complete my first project.
"do not buy this machine when i purchased two of these machines in 2012 i loved them but now 3 years later both of them are broken and I am going to try a singer.  auto cutter broke on both within 1 month auto theader just fell off one machine, bobbin winder dosent work,
the foot falls off every time you lift it.  the only thing the one machine does is sew stitches but not relably.  the second machine dosen't
sew at all it always jams when you try to sew."
"Really enjoying this machine and all it's features, sews beautifully."
"I like this machine per se, but I hate the threader rewinder.  It is difficult to work with and difficult to thread.  I wish they would have stuck with the old way of rewinding and threading."
Broke within 1 day. Had to return it. Very disappointed.
bought for granddaughter who loves its mass variety of stitches ans use of ease'  will be ordering one for myself.
"Very solid machine, corners very well.  I'm really enjoying sewing with it.  Love the buttons...the one for lowering and raising the needle is great for pulling up the bobbin thread, the thread cutting one cuts nice and close so there is no thread to be cut at the beginning of seams.  Love the push button bobbin winder as well.  Had trouble with a few bobbins filled without it by the way.  The peddle is kind of cheap feeling, very light, but it works well.  I would prefer a heavier one but maybe that's just me.  I've put about 50 hours on the machine in the last week or so, I would definitely recommend it."
Have had it for a few years so far--works great!
"Love, Love, Love this machine.  This is my first computerized sewing machine and it's the wonderful  I recommend this one highly.  The instruction manual is easy to understand even for someone who is an average seamstress.  So far, and I've had this machine for about six months, I have no complaints.  I am so glad I brought this Brother machine, my first purchase of this brand."
"I was very nervous about this machine after having used my mom's old Kenmore for years.  But what a great surprise!  Simple to set up, very clear instructions, and it sews like a dream!  Was planning to use the standard foot pedal, but the off and one button was so easy to use.  I boxed up the pedal and might use it someday.  I started off with making some alterations.  Can't wait to start making dresses!  Very pleased."
Fantastic!
This was recommended to me and well worth it. I'm very happy. Thanks MimiG Style for everything.
"What a wonderful sewing machine!  When I decided to retire my old Kenmore, and purchase this one, I was worried about learning on a new machine.  This one is so easy to use that my worries were unfounded.  I have a Brother PE770 embroidery machine, so I knew about threading, bobbins, etc.  So, when this one proved to have the same setup I was able to set it up and get sewing within minutes.  Even so, the directions provided in the manual were very easy to follow, so if you've had to exposure to a Brother machine, you should have no problems.  It came with a ton of pressure feet and other goodies.  I am extremely pleased!"
Love this machine
"A few glitches, such as changing the pressor feet, and threading the machine. Other than those few things,I am very pleased with this sewing machine.

I have had an issue with the thread (and I use Aurofil,Mettler and Gutermann), when it gets down to about a 1/4 of the spool left, it will not feed through sections 4 & 5 of the threading area.  It constantly breaks or just stops working.  When I change the spool of thread, it runs fine again.

I have now had this machine for 2 years and other than the thread problem I love this sewing machine.  It is still very easy to use and I have made 6 quilts and lots,of table understanding with it.  Made sewing fun gain."
I love this sewing machine.  My sister who sews a lot recommended it after much research.  It is almost like hers and she paid twice the amount!
"I've had this machine about a month or so and use it everyday.  It's a super machine in sewing quality, and available features with an extremely affordable price.  I feel I made a good choice with this model."
"I adore this machine.  It is SO quiet!  This is an upgrade from the Brother SQ 9050 because I wanted the auto-thread cutter, auto-needle threader, and the knee lift.  I'm using higher quality Aurifill threads on many projects and the thread is just too expensive to be wasting 6-8 inches each time I pull the fabric out so the thread cutter was a ""must"" in my book.

This is a great machine for all levels of sewing/ quilting skills from beginning to expert.  It has a TON of accessories that come with it to include a walking foot.  Brother heard the message and got the zipper foot right on this one because the little plastic one that's been shipping with Brother machines lately...well, to be frank, stinks. I really like this old-school zipper foot that must be screwed on and is shaped like an ""L"".  It's a bit more cumbersome to install vs. a drop foot, but is worth all the effort for solid zipper outcomes.

The digital read out screen is very bright and easy to see and the lettering stitches work well.  I've had no trouble making bobbins or changing out threads.  The zigzag stitch on this machine goes all the way to 7.0 which is wider than most Brother sewing machines.  That's nice for larger coat buttons.  The user manual is top-notch which is standard for Brother.  It has simple instructions with detailed step-by-step images.  Figuring out how to use the higher numbered stitches is an adventure but the book explains how very clearly.  This machine will provide many-a-bird's-nest if you don't use the spool caps.  And lesson learned, you have to use the proper cap that is slightly larger than the end of the spool.  For some odd reason, it really makes a difference.  The machine is heavy enough that it doesn't do ""The Electric Slide"" on my sewing table as I sew, but yet not so heavy I can't easily move it around if needed.  A fabulous accessory that I've not seen on other Brother machines, is the Extra Spool Pin that snaps onto the bobbin wheel.  If you're using two threads for decorative stitching, it's perfect.  It's one of those things that you never minded that you didn't have and now that you do, you use it all the time.
In the beginning, I had to move the treadle foot to the left from where I normally kept it with other machines.  Reason?  I frequently found myself nearly sewing my fingers together when I meant to push the knee lift and hit the treadle instead.  It's just a thing to get used to with a knee lifter but I've come to love the thing already.  Now that I've been using the machine daily for the last 6 months, the learned motion of knee lift to fabric removal is almost natural.  I have to laugh at myself when using my other machine that doesn't have a knee lifter and I find my right leg pushing thin air to raise the presser foot.

The techniques I've used on this machine other than a straight/zig-zag stitch are:  blanket stitch for applique, quilt piecing, perfect button holes and button installation, large wavy lines and ditch stitching on a sandwiched quilt with the walking foot, satin stitch applique, joining stitch to piece together quilt batting scraps, blind hem, and free motion quilting with the hopping foot.  All performed exactly as expected with great results.  In all, for the price, you can't get a better machine and I'm incredibly happy with it."
"I have only used the machine twice but, so far I am loving it."
Love this sewing machine. Love the self threading mechanism and thread cutter.
"I love this machine! It is so quiet. Sews very nice stitches. The threader is great. The thread cutter is great. I only rated it a 4 star because the manual is a little confussing..Instead of the manual going in order it jumps from say page5 to look for the rest of the instructions on page 65. I would like the manual to be easier which would make using the different stitching on this machine easier, also. I do need to state that I have only had yhis machine a month. I am sure the skipping around will get easier as I get more familiar with it."
Sew (lol) far I love it.
love it! very easy to use
"Absolutely LOVE this machine. Visited my local sewing center and tried out several higher priced machines and read a lot of reviews online. I kept coming back to this machine. I was skeptical, because I was looking for a Janome and really didn't think I wanted anything but Janome. I really wasn't very impressed with what I tried out, unless I wanted to spend well over $1000. I really didn't think I wanted a Brother and I'm not sure why, I guess just the name game(I do own a Brother PE500 embroidery machine that I have been happy with). I have always sewed on Kenmore(2 of which were made by Janome). My local store is big on Janome, but when I mentioned that Brother was getting some really big ratings they steered me towards a $949 Babylock (she said Brother and Babylock are made by the same people). That machine was very close in design and features to the Brother PC420PRW. I wanted to see this machine and called another store that sells Brother(about 45 minute drive away) and they don't stock this machine, so it took a lot of consideration for me to order this without actually being able to see it and try it out. I took a leap of faith and placed the order and I don't regret it one bit! I have sewed since I was 7 years old and have a lot of experience, I can honestly say that I couldn't be happier with my decision and would make the same choice all over again."
my second brother and i love it...
My wife wanted this machine because of a previous Brother machine which has the same leg operated attachment to raise and lower the presser foot. The previous unit was over double the price. She is VERY happy with this new machine!!!
Got it as a gift for my talented daughter.  She loves it.
"I am so happy to have this new machine. I have tried most all the stitches out now and find the machine to be all it is advertised as. Got this machine alot cheaper here than all the other places I looked at. If your looking for a good sewing machine, this will be the one you want."
I love this sewing machine.  Great product for your money.
Great machine not the easiest use
Wife loves it and all the capabilities.
"I love my machine, easy to use, good instructions in booklet and fun stitches to use."
"A great machine. An enormous step up from my previous budget matching that did not break the bank. Very capable, and so far, durable."
"Oh my, I do love my machine!  It has the coolest features for the price!  All my sewing buddies want one too!"
"The Brothers PC420PRW is so easy to operate and runs smoothly.
YES- I would recommend it!  Haven't had
a chance to try out all the stitches, but
looking forward to having a 'sewing-play day' soon."
Great machine for a great price! Love the thread cutter and the additional throat space.
"This is a great sewing machine.  I love its features, like the automatic needle threader and cutter and the variety of stitches it can do.  I make a lot of quilts and it is a real workhorse.  My only complaint is that the feed dogs, the teeth that moves the fabric along, are so recessed that they are nearly useless.  I have to pull the fabric along from the back side because the fabric will not propel itself.  The machine does comes with several attachments, including a stitch regulator which might solve this problem, but I find the size of the attachment cumbersome and don't like using it because I can't see what I'm sewing."
"3/20/2015 UPDATE: Here is an excellent video of the auto threader. Macro up close view: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GMbsvD2i1Cw

I bought mine second hand from Amazon, It works perfectly. It only needed a good wipe down and I did purchase a new bobbin case. I see the tension portion of it comes out when removing the bobbin (Screw was missing). Not a big deal. I did notice that the auto threader failed to do its job. Simple fix to that: There is a little fleck of metal (Very tiny and thin)  that got pushed to far to the right (Possible to the left). A magnifier and a hobby knife is needed along with holding the lever partially down to bring back the fleck to center it , so it can thread the eye of needle again. That little fleck runs parallel and on the inside of the right hand needle wrapper. Look for the little brass rivet and go from there. It does not take much movement to adjust it, when your done, you should notice the eye of the needle being filled."
This sewing machine is quiet and easy to use. I love the needle threading feature. The instruction booklet is written well -teaching you how to do anything that the machine is capable to do. No guess work or fear of doing something wrong with these instructions..  The range of stitches is very large and easy to program. I have sewn on thin material and also have done some quilting. Nothing has disappointed me in the way the machine handles each project.  I look forward to trying out more and more features as I progress in my sewing. I am very happy with this sewing machine.
Sew nice---but bobbin rattles too much.
"After 30 years sewing with the same machine, my mom asked this one for Christmas. She is extremely happy and satisfied!"
"It sews like a dream!!!!

I upgraded from a CS6000i (which is also a wonderful beginner machine) so I could have a machine with a larger throat space and a few more bells and whistles. I want to start by saying that I feel like I've gone from a lawn mower to a BMW. This machine is so quiet and smooth compared to my other one. I haven't had any tension problems (and I'm even using prewound bobbins with the machine.) I mainly use it for quilting and I love the extra throat space I now have. I will admit that I mostly do stitch in the ditch quilting (I just haven't mastered free motion quilting yet) but there is plenty of room to maneuver the quilt around.

I love the extra features that come with the machine. The automatic thread cutter is wonderful when quilting. I don't have to try and pull the quilt out and then snip the threads. It leaves about an inch of thread hanging, but both pieces are on the bottom so it's convenient to cut. I also love the knee lift so I have both hands to manage everything. The automatic needle threader works great! It leaves a decent loop to pull the thread the rest of the way through.

I've only had the machine for a few days, and the only thing I've had any problems with is winding the bobbin. I'm sure it's probably operator error but I had problems trying to get the thread loaded just right so it's tight enough when it winds up. Since I have an extra machine I may just use the old one for winding bobbins so I don't have to unthread this one to wind them. The only other (very small) downfall is that you cannot use the automatic threader with the walking foot. I suggest making sure it's threaded before you put the foot on.

When using the thread cutter I suggest using a piece of scrap fabric before sewing anything. Because the length of thread is so small it tends to bunch up under the edge when you start. If you don't use the thread cutter and you have a decent tail you don't have that problem. However, I consider this a very minor detail when quilting because of the pros that go with it.

I would definitely recommend this machine to anyone who wants a more advanced machine without paying an arm and leg for it."
Great! - does everything - I love the no foot pedal choice - I had a Husqvarna before and worried this would not compare - I was wrong.  This is easy and straight forward. I haven't tried all the options but so far I love it.  Good price too
Love this machine !!! Does really good for quilting....
This is the best machine I have ever had.  I love all of the utility stitches and it is so easy to thread.
My wife loves it!!
"Great sewing machine that has many more features that the one we previously had.  Only disappointment was the embroidery feature but this is not advertized as an embroidery machine.  So, overall a very nice machine."
"I've had this machine well over two years and it's still going strong. I whip out quilts (piecing and free motion quilting) about every two months so I really put it to work. I learned the hard way to STOP buying cheap thread, it really leaves a lot of lint everywhere in the machine. I've learned to gently brush out the bobbin area. I also take apart the front part of the machine where the tension disks are and gently take out any strings that may have got caught up in there. I very rarely have to adjust the tension. In the beginning I can see where people got frustrated because this can be a sensitive machine but with regular maintence and change out your needle every month or so you shouldn't have any problems. I love Brother and their simplicity."
"I have had this machine for 2-3 years and am looking for another one to replace it. While searching for good machines I saw several folks recommend this machine and so went back to look at these reviews to see what people liked about it. I am mystified that anyone is enamored with it. When it  failed on me again recently I took out my old Kenmore to finish some sewing what I was working on and was AMAZED at how much better my Kenmore straight stitched !! I have had this brother to the repair shop a couple times and the same ""failures"" repeat themselves. My main complaint is the quality of the stiches. THey are really uneven. This is the main thing it is supposed to do WELL, for heaven's sake !! The tension is often off and I have to keep adjusting it even when I am working with the same material. The thread often tangles in a wad under the plates. The automatic threader broke early on.  I had it repaired, then it broke again. It hasn't worked for months now. The stitch selections are mediocre, in my opinion. I was excited about the embroidery stitches at first, but since they don't stitch precisely, they don't look good and I end up not using them. The alphabeth etc are, as some other reviewer mentioned, ""crap"".  Sewing with it has Not been enjoyable and I am hoping to find a machine that works considerably better than this one. Even if I got a ""lemon"", the stitch/embroidery selection is Not good. The 2-1 star reviewers echo my sentiments, so I guess there are others that share my experience. I realize machines are more cheaply made these days, but I hope to find something that works more reliably and better than this!!"
Great machine for the price.  I take it everywhere and have had no problems.
"Love it! Love it! Love it! Just finished piecing my 1st king-size quilt with it. I named it ""Wolfgang"". ;)"
"I LOVE LOVE LOVE this machine.  It was fairly uncomplicated to get to know.  The extra room on the inside space makes it easier to quilt large quilts.  Threading the machine is easy.  Threading the bobbin is easy.  It's much quieter than my previous machine, and it comes with all kinds of extras!!! So far the only thing I had to buy was a 1/4 inch foot, but there is a foot in there that will do.  I use this machine primarily for quilting."
love this machine so far. This machine has done everything Ive needed so far and comes with several extra feet! Im happy!
"I bought this as a christmas gift for my fiancee and she absolutely loves it. The quality of the device really is top notch. It performs well, all of the features work straight out of the box with no extra configuration necessary. It's a very quiet machine; my fiancee is able to sew in the living room without disturbing any scenes of a movie we have playing.

We purchased the extended table attachment, but honestly that's a nice to have. The base for this machine accomodates anything she's worked on so far."
"When this machine works, it's great. Sews smoothly on different fabrics, lots of options for the stitching. I used it often for a couple of months. The trick is, as others have pointed out, it's very picky. Any little thing can go wrong and then the entire machine freezes up. I'm not a genius but I am a lawyer and know IT pretty well; I read the manual, very very carefully followed the manual in setting up the bobbins, thread, needles, etc. Then something happened; something went out of alignment somewhere, or as a Brother service rep explained on the phone, ""a tiny bit of lint or thread could be stuck in the sewing area."" Result: the motor is frozen. Machine won't work, at all. I've called the service folks; they walked me through the process of looking for that tiny bit of lint or thread, to no avail. Their only solution: take it to service center. Great. I live in Washington DC, a major metro area, should be able to find an official service center  somewhere closeby. Not so fast -- turns out, the closest service center is -- literally -- 49 miles away. I work full-time, have two busy kids, and the center is closed on Sundays. Thus, it'll never get to a service center. I would not buy this machine again. I give it two stars because when it works, it's really excellent. It's just that any tiny thing can go wrong - no matter how careful you are - and the machine doesn't work."
My favorite
"I am so happy with this purchase.  I have always used Singer Machines but I decided to try this Brother and I'm very happy I did.
It's so quiet, and very easy to use.  I hope it lasts me for a long time.  I would recommend this machine to anyone."
"My first computerized sewing machine. It's excellent and the price is phenomenal. My quilting work is miles better now, thanks to this machine."
"Love my new sewing machine. Only positive things to say about it. Very good quality from Brother. I purchased a 3 year extended warranty to ensure lots of years of use. Since computerized, I would recommend this to everyone. It is a Canopy plan ordered through Amazon. I called the Canopy Protection company enquiring and they were quick to answer phone and very helpful.
I have had this less than 1 month, and have had no problems with this machine. If you are considering this machine, I highly recommend it."
"So happy with this machine.  I have gotten back into sewing after over 20 years and my old machine gave out.  After reading many reviews on many different machines, I decided on the Brother Project Runway.  I have not been disappointed.  It is both professional quality and easy to use.  I have no complaints thus far.  I had a little trouble with the needle threader, but that was because I didn't have the needle in the right position.  Once the needle is positioned properly, it threads easily.  Would highly recommend this model."
Fantastic machine!!!
Great sewing machine and the wife loves it!!!
I really like this for the price.  It is my second brother machine.  The straight stitch can get slightly wonky if you go to fast so be careful when topstitching.  I am quite pleased with my purchase.
LOVE LOVE LOVE IT!!!!!!
"So fun to sew with this quiet, intelligent machine!  I thought I loved my old sewing machine, but this one is a joy! It threads my needle, cuts the threads when I have finished a seam, and can even embroider!  I cannot wait to complete a project on my new Brother sewing machine!"
My mother bought this for me for Christmas and I can get the automatic thread cutter to work!! The whole reason we bought it!! Do not buy this it is a waste of money!!!!!!!
Works great! My wife was so excited to find it under our Christmas tree. I scored big time this year!
I love the machine. Working on my first quilt!
Still looks good in the box! Wife hasn't opened it yet from Christmas.... :)
I upgraded from a White which I had been using for more than 25 years.  This machine was very easy to adjust to and has greatly reduced the amount of time it takes me to complete a garment.  Great investment.
Great machine! I used it to finish some last minute Christmas projects and it was a breeze. Definitely satisfied
MY WIFE HASN'T LEFT HER SEWING ROOM IN DAYS!
"When I am sewing on this machine, I can sew faster than any machine I have ever tried.  My husband was amazed with the built in needle threaders.  I just finished making PJ bottoms on it and I love it.  I also have a brother CS 6000i that I have had for 5 Years that sews fine but I misplaced the feet that came with it. I am not disappointed at all, in fact I use both machines."
Great machine!  It makes sewing easy.  Fast and simple.
"The quality of this model is so obvious. Smooth and whisper quiet. The fantastic advanced threading system and I love the way the machine tells me I have not pressed the correct button by the stop start button staying red. A really good feature. I have tested out many patterns, the alphabet and numbers and all quite beautiful. However this machine is so full of possibilities I need to familarize myself with all of them. Like all Brother machines it loves high end thread like Maderia or Robison Anton. This machine is going to be a keeper for many years. I love it."
I have been looking for a reasonable prices machine to replace my old brothers. I couldn't be more satisfied
Best purchase ever made for my craft/sewing room!! This thing runs like a dream! Makes me enjoy sewing so much more!
GRATE
"I am a fourth-generation Seamstress & this one would have been my third Brother machine. I ended up sending it back for several reasons. The stitch quality was not up to par. The needle placement was incorrect, which really surprised me. When I put my 1/4"" quilting foot on, it was off by about 1/16th of an inch. Perhaps it might not be a bother to others, but not to me. If you want precise seams, it has to be dead on. I am surprised that no one in Brother's quality control department caught the error. Maybe they could avoid this with the next model by enabling the ability to reposition the needle in increments instead of the two options that it gives. Lastly, the metal plate in front of the bobbin cover sticks up by about an eighth of an inch & I found it to be a bit annoying. None of the machines I have sewn on did this. It seemed like my fingers kept running into it & it interfered with the smooth flow of guiding the fabric through the machine."
My wife loves it
love the machine!!!
Makes sewing fun
"I sew quite a bit, upholstery, drapery, clothing, etc. and I wanted a heavy duty motor and machine.  What I got was a waste of my money.  My first upholstery project broke the machine - the timing.  It cost me $113. to repair.  I only sewed 4 times with the machine.  The repair shop said I used upholstery thread, which threw the timing off.  I went back to my project using the recommended thread and was almost finished with the last cushion when the timing broke again. I called Brother directly, Amazon said it was too old to return.  After much haggling, Brother agreed to refurbish and ship back for free.  I really don't want the machine, it obviously is too fussy to do the projects I want to do.  My old Necchi is an old powerhouse, so I'll see if it can be repaired and I'll use that.  What a waste of money and false claims as to what this machine can do."
"Great machine with a lot of useful and fun features. The machine is easy to learn to use, and the instruction booklet is well laid out and easy to find what you might be looking for. I've been using this machine for about 3 weeks and I am impressed with all that it offers. Why buy a more expensive machine if you can have it all with this one!
One thing that bugs me are the screw drivers they give you. They never really are easy to fit in the groove when you want to clean out under the plate, so keep a quarter around so you can do that easily."
IT WORKS GREAT
"It takes a while to learn to use it, but I'm not an experienced machine sewer.  I do suggest buying extra official Brother bobbins.  This has many more features than I need, but I LOVE the automatic needle threader."
this is the perfect machine for the home seamstress.  Practically everything is automatic! Feed the fabric and you have it.  I have been sewing 50 years and have never had a machine this easy to operate.  Love it !  Love it!
"I'm very happy with this machine.  It is versatile, easy to learn, comes with lots of nice presser feet, and it's quiet.  I stepped up from a very basic Brother machine, to one with a few more bells and whistles.  I did some research on this machine, and found a lot of good feedback out there.  The price was right.  What's not to love?  I sew small bags, purses, and dog accessories.  Using this machine with the included presser feet, and an Extension Table (ordered separately), has made my projects easier and better quality.  I love this one!"
My daughter's Christmas present which is keeping her busy at home with raising children and making clothing on her Etsy site.
wife loves it once we figured out a couple things
"Okay machine, did not care for the sewing and the noise.  Seems to skip stitches and the bobbin keeps jumping around.  Returned."
"Learning new machine slowly, PROS to date - very quiet, excellent bobbin winder, Threads easily with guide on machine and I love the button to raise the needle.  CONS - seems everything is on the left?, and I'm a rightie, Seam measurement plate is behind? the pressure foot, not much of a guide when you begin sewing, your fabric covers the plate.

I'm just an average quilter, so I have only used the straight stitch, have not tried the other stitches yet.  Has plenty of options, and I rated it 4 stars because of the CONS listed above.  Overall satisfied with the machine."
Love my new machine runs quite and is so fun to use
"This machine is everything I'd hoped it would be and more. I haven't done a whole lot on it yet but I love it's ease of use for quick sewing jobs.
I will be a grandma in January so I look forward to doing many projects on it! :)"
"I have been using this sewing machine for a little over 2 years now.  I do like having a push button start, but there are some issues with this machine.  It loves to eat thin fabrics.  I will be sewing away, and all of a sudden the fabric will be pulled down into the hole in the needle plate.  The buttonholes are useless.  If the area to be stitched is only a couple of layers, and is not near a seam, then it makes a nice buttonhole.  However, the foot gets hung up on even slightly thicker fabrics, and any seam allowances that might be in the way.  I have made several really nice items only to have them ruined when stitching the buttonholes because it either stitches over and over in the same spot, or makes a buttonhole shaped like a square numeral 6."
I am really enjoying this.
Wife loves it.
"It's OK , I liked it ."
"I've never owned a sewing machine that has cost more than $200 and I didn't realize how much I had been missing out on until I got this machine!  I've been sewing for over 50 years and have made my machines (White and then a Singer) last.  The features offered on the PC420PRW are incredible & it's extremely intuitive and user-friendly.  After using a machine that often required tension adjustments, thread breaking with rethreading the needle & the amount of time wasted with these issues, I must say WHAT A PLEASURE to be able to sew without the continual ""fixing"" of these ""little"" issues!  The automatic needle threader, the cutting of the lowing & upper threads, the excellent tension & uniformity of stitches makes this so worth the money!!!  Best price was on Amazon! The only thing I'd like to see added the package is a brief instructional dvd to assist with initial use (bobbin winding, threading, explaining how to change feet, settings) etc."
so far....I'm very pleased!!!
My mother liked it
Wife Loves This Machine and uses it all the Time
Love this machine! It is well worth the price and works wonderfully! I am sewing a quilt at the moment and it barely makes any sound while sewing even on the highest speed. I am still learnig all the stitches but I couldn't ask for a better machine for the price.
"Very good machine, runs smoothly and all the stitches are consistent."
I am pleased with the machine. Sews very nice.
"This machine is truly like a dream! My daughter searched for a long time to find the perfect sewing machine and she loves it! It sews, monograms, embroiders and so much more. The features on this machine are incredible, especially for the price. My daughter has more feet (sewing machine feet that is) than she ever imagined; though it is sure to come to good use one day."
"I've been sewing for over 50 years and have owned many machines, including old Singers, Viking, White, and another Brother machine, the CS 6000T. I am surprised that a machine of this quality is sold for the price. Sews beautifully on everything I have tried, including attaching heavy elastic. Easiest threading ever and I love the self-threading needle.  The improved horizontal thread feed makes it sew better than the old type vertical spool feed.  It has adjustable pressure for the presser foot, something some of the cheaper machines don't have. I like the special compartments in the storage to hold the various feet which makes it easy to keep them organized. Time will tell if it holds up, but so far,  I'm very pleased.

UPDATE 9/29/14
Stil thrilled with my purchase. Have made several garments, pillow covers, and done alterations. Have used embroidery stitches on a T shirt. This machine never has problems with stitching so far. Easy to thread and smooth."
so good
Within the first week it started skipping stitches and had to take it to be repaired.
"This is a wonderful sewing machine! It does all the normal stitches very well....and many more options. Some have complained about it not sewing - rethread the machine. Occasionally I will have an issue, but when I rethread it...it works perfectly.
So glad I purchased this model!!!"
Love this machine but I need more time to learn all it's functions. Maybe a lesson or two might speed up the process
"Great sewing machine, except that the automatic thread cutter is no longer cutting the bobbin thread. Will have to replace the cutter. I love Brother sewing machines."
"Had one little thing go wrong the first week with the bobbin thread getting snarled up, took it to an authorized dealer and wouldn't you know that it worked perfectly. So now if I have an issue I just as with any computer, ""reboot"", turn it off wait a few seconds and turn it on again. Seems to clear any problem (so far this has worked). All in all it's a wonderful machine. Very user friendly."
2 words --- Love it
"Got this machine to take to class, it's lightweight, fits in my big Brother trolly & has so many functions that work just like my big machine.  Presser feet are interchangeable so I don't have to buy 2 brands anymore.  Lighting is great.  Love that Amazon sells it."
"I bought the PC-420 PRW earlier this year after my CS-6000i of 2 years went caput. (To be clear, I'm not upset about the CS-6000i malfunctioning - when you pay $150 for a machine you can only expect so much.) Anyway, I was strongly leaning toward the Janome Memory Craft 6300 and even went to buy one in person. I ended up leaving simply because I couldn't justify spending $1000 on a sewing machine. I came across the PC-420 and realized it had all of the features of the Janome (thread cutter, knee lever, speed & heft) at a third of the price. (And, I just really like Brother machines.)

I'm very pleased with this machine. It sews through heavy and light materials with each (use the right needle!), is easy to thread, and I love all of the stitch options, although as a garment sewer I don't use all of them. This also includes some monogram stitches which are fun to use. Changing the presser foot is easy and I was pleased that all I had purchased prior fit onto this machine as well.

This machine has three speeds, but I find the middle one is plenty fast unless I have a long straight seam. There is a special basting stitch which goes to 7 mm in length which is nice, or you can elongate the regular to 5.0. The needle position moves fully from left to right, and the twin needle works well. The zig-zag stitches are nice and even and work well on knit fabrics.

Overall, for the price, this is one great machine with a ton of features. I thought I desperately needed a knee lever but it turns out I don't use it too much. Really consider what features you *need* when you're shopping for a machine. I think it's easy to get overwhelmed and excited when you see a fancy machine in person, but you really need some discernment. I'm pleased that I bought a great machine and still had most of my money left.

As always, this arrived quickly and in good shape."
Love it!
"I really love this machine! It is great for home sewing and for classes! Easy to use and has so many stitches and features!
It also has on the screen a tutorial of how to thread the machine and it has memory for stitches to save! I would highly recommend this machine for a beginner or a advanced sewer or quilter!"
after one year i can say that this is a great sewing machine and i'm really glad i chose this one. very easy to work on and with. it's my first sewing machine and it was very easy to start with it.
"My last sewing machine was one step up from manual.  So this one is great.  I just wish it came with a DVD to show how to do everything, I hate reading directions and it's a LOT of reading."
Well to be honest I have not used it but I did rate it excellent because my sister has the same one and I love hers  and cannot wait until I get started on it
"I have a sewing school.  I've been sewing for over 40 years.  I have an earlier version of this machine,  a few months ago, it was feeding the fabric badly.  So, I sent it in for repair and found out that it needed a new gear which cost $20.  Unfortunately, to take out the gear and replace it was going to entail taking apart the machine and putting it back together for labor costs over $300.

I had been using my machine for over 10 years.  So, I decided to order the new model from Amazon.  I don't know how they can offer this machine, new, for such an amazing price.  And, they include some excellent pressed feet and accessories.  You get a walking foot, adjustable zipper/cording foot, Teflon foot, and some other stuff you rarely get in a machine nowadays.

Brother has designed the best, unflappable needle threading system ever!  And so, if you have a hard time seeing to thread the needle, there is no learner's curve on this one.  The only thing you need to do, is to make sure that the needle is in the up position, determined by the machine.  So, push the button with the needle symbol on it two times, then follow the threading path, depress the threading lever with confidence and it shoots a nice, big thread loop through the eye of the needle,

You'll love the thread cutting button, the 294 stitch library and the ease of using this machine.  There are 10 shortcut buttons on the front of the machine that take you to the most commonly used stitches.  The screen tells you what pressed foot to use, and you can change the default setting very easily.  There is a knee lift for the pressed foot and so much more.  I have gone through 3 Pfaffs, and two Berninas during the decade plus that I have had this machine.  I don't plan to ever give it up.  It's well designed and very easy to use.  My daughter was 4 when I bought my first, which was an NX 400.  In no time, she was writing notes to me and her dad using the alphabet feature.  She figured it out without any help from me.  She is now 15 and still loves this machine.

I could go on, but if you are looking for a great machine at an even better price, don't look any further.  I often recommend this to my students and they all love it.  No complaints."
"When it works it works great.  Tension is extremely finicky.  I was going to return it but had a family emergency so did not get a chance to.  However, after the emergent situation was taken care of I tried the machine again and it worked fine - I'm just afraid to alter the tension now."
"I shopped a local Brother sewing machine dealer, and then  shopped some online stores to know what machine I wanted.  Once I knew the machine, I shopped for price.  I was very pleased with the price and service that I received at Amazon."
LOVE IT! So much cheaper and all brand new!  I looked everywhere to check price.  No whereelse came close.  I sew everyday machine has helped to bring fun back to sewing!
"I did a LOT of research on sewing machines (even Berninas) before making this purchase.  For the money and the amount of time I have to sew, this was a GREAT purchase.  it has given me nothing but nice outcomes with straight stitches.  I am very pleased with it - have had it almost 3 years and have made several quilts, skirts, purses, make up cases, etc. with it.  It has seen a lot of projects so far!"
"I love the machine but it was missing some parts that were supposed to be included. Specifically, one of the bobbins was for another brand of machine and really messed me up when I was trying to finish a quilting project.

then the extra spool pin was missing too.  And I believe one of the needles in the case.  Other than that, I really love the machine.  I'm currently having some trouble with the thread cutter on certain types of threads, but I think that's just me needing to learn more about this machine.

I'm really happy about my upgrade from my middle of the line singer machine.  This one helps me to be a better sewer.  I had it working just a few minutes after having the box opened and was able to thread it without any trouble because of the instructions on the machine.  Threading the bobbins is super easy too.  Much more efficient than my other machine.

I LOVE the thread cutter when it is working properly.

I did have a little trouble changing the needle as there is a flimsy metal part that I couldn't tell if the needle was supposed to go through or around, did I bend it?  I'm not sure.  Panic mode, no, it's okay, I didn't bend it.  Leave it alone.  ....this was all very stressful when trying to just change a needle."
"After doing my proper due diligence, I decided on this machine.  Not just for all the fantastic features it offers.  That alone would have sold me. I mean really, this baby does everything but make me a cup of tea!  And the features are really easy to use too.  But mostly because of this consistent glowing reviews.  I went to several different sites to see what people had to say about this machine and most everyone had nothing but positive things to say about it.  Now that I have the machine, I am totally in love with it!  So my next decision was, who would I buy it from....  Amazon clearly had the best price on a new machine.  However, they also offer used and refurbished machines. So, I decided to purchase a used machine for a little more than a $100 less than their price for a new machine and I am quite happy with my purchase. So, buy this machine! Trust me.....you will not be sorry."
"I am new to sewing actual garments and have only messed around with other sewing machines in the past.  I found this machine easy to use, after reading the manual a couple of times, and have not experienced any of the issues I have rad about in other reviews.

Currently I am working with fleece and satin fabrics, and the machines handles both just fine."
"My son got this machine for me from my Amazon Wish List!  It works great.  It is amazingly quiet.  The instructions, which include many languages, were easy to follow, plus threading diagrams are on the machine.  It was easy and fast to wind a bobbin.  It was easy to insert the bobbin, and easy to thread the top thread.  The needle threader is amazing!  Snap, and it's threaded!

My favorite feature is that it cuts the thread for me!  LOVE that!  It makes sewing lots of small things so much faster.  The basic buttons are exactly where they need to be--within quick reach.  The function buttons are all the basic stitches, and believe it or not, I could manage the special feature buttons!  If you can manage a cell phone or tv remote that has the circle of direction buttons around the OK button, you can find and select the special stitches that this machine can do.  Plus you can vary the width and length of stitches with those same buttons.  I was so glad I didn't have to struggle to find or use the special stitches.

I haven't tried using the memory feature which will enable me to combine stitches, but then I have only had this since Mother's Day!

I didn't think I'd like pushing a button to make the machine go and stop, (I've used a foot pedal my whole life) but I discovered I like it very much.  I sew in a confined area, so getting the foot pedal in the correct position on the floor under my foot has always been a problem.  Without the foot pedal, I can sew just by pushing the button!  I don't have to worry where my feet are.  It's a little tricky remembering to push the button to stop, but I manage!  I also haven't tried the knee lift lever yet because of the tight squeeze where I'm sitting.  I think I might like it too when I take time to learn how it works.

The machine came with lots of feet that store in the cubby hole in front.  There's room enough under the tray for more feet.  At first I had trouble lining up the edges of various feet to do a task, such as stitch 1/4"" seams.  But I discovered that the needle, when starting from the far left position can be moved to the right with the right-arrow button to any position I need.  This is helping me select the exact position for top stitching too.

The stitch button that makes the machine go and stop has a lighting system, red, green, and yellow.  If I am trying to do a special stitch, but I've forgotten to ""select"" it, the button remains red and I can't stitch.  The screen has a reminder message to help me remember what to do.  The button is red when the presser foot is up and you shouldn't be stitching, but turns green when the presser foot is down.  This might seem rather elementary to an experienced seamstress, but if I'm trying new things, I don't mind a little help or a reminder.  I think this would be useful to someone new to machine sewing.

I also like how easy it is to change feet.  There is a button on the back of the foot holder that releases the foot.  Then you line up the little bar of a different foot under the foot holder and when you have it right, it goes together perfectly.

I selected this particular machine for its features and price.  I wanted lots of special stitches, plus thread cutting.  I'm very happy with it.  I immediately ordered extra bobbins (4 is not enough!!!) and some specialty feet.

It came super fast, very well packaged, and was a delightful, thoughtful surprise.

Thanks, Son!

IMPORTANT UPDATE!  6/21/2014, I've had this machine a month and it's working great.  I tried the free motion foot with the feed dogs down, and it was a lot of fun to finish a quilt like that.  But THEN the feed dog switch didn't seem to work.  I couldn't get the feed dogs to come back up, so I did a QUICK search online.  HERE IS WHAT YOU DO!  put the feed dog switch in the up position, and with the machine ON, turn the hand wheel toward yourself and the feed dogs will come up.  PHEW!  I didn't want to drive 35 miles to the nearest service center just to find out that.

I'm happy!"
"<div id=""video-block-RJ64BQ3DKUDDF"" class=""a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block""></div><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/E1ccTxjBXqS.mp4"" class=""video-url""><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/01GOIGMmlZS.png"" class=""video-slate-img-url"">&nbsp;This video compares 4 sewing machines, side by side in the $250-$500 price bracket. There were actually 8 machines altogether in the testing but I split them into two groups, 'Under $250' and '$250-$500'. If you want to see the 'Under $250' it posted under the winner, Brother Laura Ashley CX155 LA.

<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Laura-Ashley-Limited-Edition-CX155LA-Computerized-Sewing-Quilting-Machine-with-Built-in-Font-for-Basic-Monogramming/dp/B00G3K83DC/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Laura Ashley Limited Edition CX155LA Computerized Sewing & Quilting Machine with Built-in Font for Basic Monogramming</a>

It all started with the need to purchase 2 new machines for my sewing studio (I teach sewing). I bought 2 machines on Black Friday based on good prices and the information from the respective company websites. The information was wrong and both machines went back. At that point, I decided to do a side by side comparison between a series of machines, and keep the best two. Actually, I wound up keeping 3:))

TESTING:
The video shows highlights and you can hear some of the machines in action but there is no way to pack 28 days of testing into 5 minutes of video:)) What is written below are the some of the comments that are not covered.

Seams:
*5/8""

All 4 machines produced a perfect 5/8"" seam. What I loved, loved, loved about the Singer is that it came with a clear 5/8"" guide foot that helps the sewer to stitch perfect seams. This is ideal for new sewers, and when working with difficult fabrics, as the guide provides an edge to place the fabric against. WINNER: Singer 9970

*1/4"" All the machines were able to do this. Surprisingly, the Brother PC420PRW did not come with a 1/4"" foot! Ugh! PRW is supposed to stand for Project RunWay - French Seams are part of fashion and start with 1/4"" seams so I was astonished that the foot was not there. That said, the other 3 machines were easier to work with for this test, and thus produced a more accurate seam. In order to decide, I took a sewing gauge and measured. The Juki and Janome both were spot on at 3/16"". TIE

Pull Test
By no means scientific, this test involves trying to pull the 5/8"" seam stitched above apart. They all held beyond my puny strength. Good enough.

Noise:

To really gauge this the machines all need to be side by side and running. This was the toughest test to do. I put a long length of cotton in and set each machine going using the auto on feature. The quietest machines were Brother and Singer. I gave it to the Singer after a few more minutes of listening. The Juki HZL-K85 was the loudest due to the box feed system.

Lighting:

Wonderful lighting on all machines in this price bracket compared to the $250 group. I could comfortably sew at night without glasses for the most part. A huge relief for strained eyes. The brightest machine was actually the Singer.

Overall Ease of Use:

This machine is easy to use but I found scrolling through the LCD screens a bit frustrating. Once the stitch is selected however, it is simple to use and a pleasure to work with.

Threading:

Covered briefly in the video - showing Brother as #1 but the automatic needle threaders on the other machines really are pitiful by comparison.

In the end I chose to keep the Singer 9970 and returned this one for two simple reasons. 1) On day 28 (30 days to return) the foot controller went on this machine. I could not get it to work for love nor money. 2) The Singer performed better on two key stitching test; the buttonhole test and the hand look quilting stitch. The additional purchase of the extension table makes the two comparative in price but the Singer was just a better machine for my needs."
"Easy to use, good instructions. Consistent thread tension. Don't have all the stitches mastered yet but I  am confident I will be able to master them!"
This machine was easy to use.  I love all the decorative stitches.  It is a dependable machine that can be taken to sewing classes.
So far a great machine for the price you pay.  It does just enough to make everything you want.  I really like the walking foot!
"I love it! I tried other machines but I keep coming back to Brothers! I have 2 Singer embroidery machines & I don't like them so, they just might go in a yard sale this year!  If you are going to invest in a machine get this one! I couldn't be happier!
Don't get frustrated any more  this is the only one I would go with!"
"I spent months reviewing machines on line. And of course,All the ones I liked had a big fat price tag. The brother pc-420 had all the perks I wanted with the price I could afford. I've had the machine for 33 days now. And have sewn on it everyday. SO FAR SO GOOD.I'm vary happy so far. And i bought mine from amazon And I'm pleased with the service i have received."
"I have had this machine for three years and it has it's pros and cons. I mainly use it for costume design, appliqu and making clothing. My common fabrics are cottons, Lycra, satin, cotton sateen, fleece, suiting, linings, ect. My main stitches are straight and zigzag with occasional use of triple stitch and a decorative stitches.
On the positive side, it's easy to use, has a lot of stitch options, comes with a good selection of feet, functions well on basic straight stitch sewing and has an extensive manual.
On the negative side it has a lot of bobbin issues, tension issues, the zigzag stitch skips a lot, the automatic cutter doesn't always function properly and you can't oil it yourself, you have to take it to a professional. I've started to use knits and appliqu a lot in the past year and if you are planning on using the zig zag stitch a lot or sewing with stretch fabrics, please don't buy this machine. I have had it maintenanced on a regular basis, used stretch specific needles, adjusted the tension, re-threaded it multiple times, used quality thread, lowered the sewing speed and the zig stitch still always skips every 5 or so stitches on knits. When I try to appliqu with fleece with a zigzag it will not only skip stitches, but the lower thread will jam up and make loud noises. The bobbin also jams up on straight stitches and cotton too. The bobbin case is just horribly designed on this machine and always gives me problems. My mother has this same exact machine and it has the exact same issues, so not just mine. I've sewn on plenty of other machines and not has these problems. It's possible that the bobbin winder isn't winding it tight enough, so I'm going to try winding on a different machine and see if that helps, but I'm not hopeful. I just payed $100 to get it maintenanced by a licensed Brother shop and told them of the problems, but as soon as I got it back the zig zag issues were still there.
Moral of the story is it's great for basic straight stitch sewing on non-knits, but 70% of my projects are knits and zig zags, so it causes a lot of headaches for me personally."
Works great! I had an old Singer machine that wasn't working like it should when I purchased this one. I fell in love with it. It does so much more that I imagined!
"So far it is everything I wanted and more.  It is user friendly as stated, easy to read instructions, makes beautiful button holes, monograms, and the decorative stitches are fun and easy.  I ordered the piecing foot and am working on a quilt which is just plain fun.  I had my other machine for 40 years, I hope this one lasts at least half as long."
"I do not really know how to sew yet. I bought this so I could learn to sew since I thought that would be nice to learn since I now have free time since I just retired. I do not plan to sew dresses from scratch. That would be too ambitious for me. However, I thought I could use it to sew hems on dresses when I shorten the hems on long gowns and maxi dresses that I buy. I thought it had a hem stitch ( not the simple straight stitch used when the fold of the hem is so thin)  like the ones they have on store bought dresses. I am disappointed in this because it does not have that so I ended up sewing the hems manually when I need to shorten the hem.  However, I bought Martha Stewart's  book on sewing. I plan to make upholstery covers for our dining room chairs and also table placemats. I have not had any problems with the machine itself. It works fine so far."
I love this machine!  I am still fairly new to sewing but this sewing machine is amazing! It is quiet compared to the other machine I have.  Using the computerized functions are very convenient.  The speed setting is great.  Not to mention all the different feet it comes with.
"I researched different machines and it came down to the Brother and the Janome.  I finally decided on the Brother because it offered more features.  I had a Singer for the past 15 years which was a workhorse.  So far this machine (after 15 sewing hours) has done everything perfectly.  Don't expect to sit down and start sewing because there are so many features, you have to learn.  Don't be discouraged, I recommend a scrap piece of fabric to try the many feet and stitches until you are comfortable.  My favorites are the features I never thought I would use; the auto thread cutter and the auto speed.  I thought I would like the control of the foot pedal but the auto speed is great for having one less thing to do.  I read reviews that criticized that you have to start on the material but I have not found that to be a problem and the seams are perfect.  The manual could be better if they put all the charts together because you have to use the correct needle for the fabric, the correct foot for the fabric and the correct tension (all in different parts of the manual).  I have a Bernina that I use for embroidery that figures that all out for me."
"Since my purchase of this Brother sewing machine I have made a quilt, a purse and have done several repair projects. My Brother has done everything I have asked of it without any glitches. I am accustomed to knots, thread breaking and assorted other aggravations on my previous sewing machine. What a relief!  The self threading needle is great. Be sure to follow the instructions in the guide and it works every time.
I think this Brother sewing machine is a wonderful purchase!"
"I have never used a sewing machine before.  My Grandmother was an incredible seamstress, I watched her a lot.  I bought this in order to make curtains for my 10 cabins at the resort that I own.  I got tired of replacing mini-blinds.  The directions were great and the machines ease of use is awesome.  Needless to say the cabins offer a very distinctive glow now that they have their own each individual themes(raccoon, wolf, fish, bears, etc.).  Highly recommend this sewing machine."
I choose this rating because this by far one of the best sewing machine I have ever sew on.  I like that it sew everything from light weigh to very heavy denim type materials and also the 3 types of speed.  I would recommend this sewing machine (Brother Project Runway PC420PRW) to my family and friend because it is the best sewing machine I have ever sew on.
"Still getting used to idea of not needing to use a foot pedal but it does a great job, I am very satisfied and pleased with it."
"I was SO impressed with this machine when I first got it.  Its quiet, easy to use, sews a beautiful stitch, has automatic thread cutter (OMG) and of course needle threader.  I bought this as a back up to my regular machine a Bernina 430; to take to classes, etc. While my machine is being cleaned/serviced have been using this nearly every day for the last 3 weeks.  Working on piecing a quilt with cotton fabric...the problem is that it does not seem to want to go over the seams!  We're not talking heavy layers of fabric here...not even talking about quilting.  I'm talking about where the seams for one block intersect with another. Every time I get to a seam it wants to hang up and just stitch over and over in the same spot.  I have to raise the needle, move the fabric a smidgeon to force it to move forward. I have tried the regular straight stitch foot, their 1/4"" piecing foot, I've increased the presser foot pressure, I am using HIGH quality thread and fabric, cleaning before each sewing session, using good needles, etc.  Nothing makes much difference. I've pretty much done everything I can do to trouble shoot it, so now it comes down to whether or not I think that this machine is going to hang in there with me for the long haul and whether I can live with this idiosyncrasy...I'm thinking probably not. So I'm sad this didn't work out...but still want to love it. Call me crazy."
"I love the sewing machine except for one thing.  I usually use a 1/4"" foot for piecing quilts.  Most all the time; leave it on the machine.  This machine has a default needle position to the left.  So if I leave the quarter inch foot on the machine, when I turn it on, it breaks the needle.  So I have to remember to take off the foot when I'm finished sewing; replace the foot when I resume (after turning on the machine) and reset the needle position to middle.  I'm sure I'll get used to this procedure and it will become routine.  Everything else is great.  It just seems like they could have a way to reset the default to the middle needle position."
Best sewing machine I've ever used . . .  Well worth the money and I would recommend it to anyone.  Just the automatic thread cutter and automatic needle threader are worth the money!
"I have had my machine for about a month and made several projects on it.  I absolutely love it.  I feel like I have come into the 21st century with my new machine.  I love the self threader that works every time. The needle up or down feature is a big help.  You'll never have to touch the wheel again.  The thing I like the most is the automatic thread cutter.  I have wasted so much thread in the past having to pull enough out so the needle wouldn't unthread when I put it down into my material to start stitching.  I found the instructions easy to follow and very clear.  I have tried all the decorative stitches and they are beautiful.  I would recommend this machine to anyone who enjoys sewing, because it will only add to your enjoyment.  Joyce"
I haven't had it long enough to really super test it but I am so happy with it so far!  I have started making t-shirt quilts and my old machine just couldn't handle it.  So far this machine is great and doing well with the quilts.  I am still learning the different stitches and when and how to use them.
This is the best machine for the money. It has needle down and automatic threader....It does a lot that more expensive machines offer
"I absolutely love this machine - it is silent, the cutter, the automatic threader  and the way you can lift the foot with the knee are all great.
I also like the fact that it has a cover, so it does not get dust on the thread.
I would rather get a table extension as oppose to a cover case, since my machine is always ready for action and I do not use the case at all.
Although I like the automatic threader it takes a forceful push to thread the machine and I am reluctant do do it every time. On the demonstrations, it looks like a lot easer to pull that level down!
I would and have already recommended for a friend."
"I had thought that this brand was inferior until I did some research and found that they have some basic machines and then they have better machines.  This is definitely a better machine,  So easy to learn this machine,  it is quiet, sews great and straight, and the needle threader works every time!!!"
"Fun machine, great selection of stitches. A little surprised it doesn't come with a 1/4"" seam, piecing foot, but so far it has made good quality stitches, tension just right, even, and the decorative stitches are really pretty. I like the knee lifter for the pressed foot, the start-stop button and most of all the speed selector. I hated trying to control the speed with the pedals on my two Singer machines and the stitch quality and tension was always a problem on the Singers. This is my first Brother machine and I am very happy with this purchase so far."
I HAVE NOT EVEN TRIED TO USE THIS YET AND PURCHASED IT OVER 3 YEARS AGO I AM ASSUMING IT IS GREAT
"This is a beautiful sewing machine for standard sewing, including quilting.  After using a Babylock for many years until the LED light failed, I was unhappy at not having all four buttons (start/stop, needle up/down, reverse sewing, and thread cutter) that I was used to depending on.  This machine even went one step further in providing a knee lifter for the presser foot, which I have found to be needed by me because the Manual states clearly not to press the thread cutter button until the presser foot is up.  So I am training myself to use the following steps using the buttons on the machine:  sew, stop, cut thread, raise foot, remove fabric, drop foot.  There are many other functions that I have yet to learn and I am looking forward to it because I have fallen in love with this sewing machine."
"I thought I would love this machine, as the knee lift is great, thread cutter is great, just remember to pull top thread  out more before sewing again. It's a great machine, except....I have had to take the throat plate off so many times due to thread jams being caught.
I bought all new bobbins and needles that are specifically meant for this machine, hoping it would help. It has hindered me so much in my sewing...I wouldn't recommend it to anyone and am getting rid of it."
"I like the style of the machine, the easy threading.  I like the way you can cut the thread. I like the many things it can do."
"I haven't used the machine as much as I have my older ones, but I am very impressed after a few weeks of ownership.  For the price of this machine, there are a great many functions that work as well or better than my machines that cost several thou.  Needle up/down button, thread cutter, 15 needle positions, programmable decorative stitch, good lighting, more feet than I expected including a walking foot, you don't have to oil it, the motor purrs as it stitches, and there's room in the belly compartment for almost all attachments that came with it, .  (I could not fit the extra spool pin, and of course no one should try to fit the foot controller, in that small compartment.)

It also does not appear to be picky about what kinds of thread I use, and I have tested that.  It handles everything from old, slubby, brittle cotton thread to thin embroidery thread without fussing.

This is not an embroidery machine, however, but feed dogs do lower for free motion embroidery if someone has the talent.  I haven't yet tested that for free motion quilting, but that's on my near future list.  I'll try to update the review as I learn more about it."
"I've had this machine for going on 5 years now and I still love it. It's very much user friendly. I run a business selling my sewn bags and use my machine several times a week. I've never had any problems with it. I will probably use this machine until it dies.

I love the speed-control. It was helpful when I was first getting started. I sew a ton of zippers and it handles the zippers like a champ!

Overall me and my Brother have bonded quite well and I dread the day she finally does wear out and I'll have to buy a new one. I don't foresee that happening any time soon, though."
I love sewing on this machine.. what a difference. I love Brother. It is smooth and does all thicknesses of fabric.. Love it..
It has taken little bit to get used to. Not used to all the buttons. Went from a 20 year old simple sewing machine to this. Little scary at first but feeling better about it now. Haven't had any problems with it. Sews really nice.
"I needed to make buttonholes in some shirts, and my Juki has developed problems with it's electronic system. This machine had good reviews on several sites, so I decided to give it a try. So far I'm happy with it. It is not as strong as my old mechanical Elna, and does struggle with some of the heavier projects. I sew on a daily basis, and always have a couple of machines set up at the same time. I'm using this Brother for the lighter things, and the Elna for the heavy stuff, and it is working out quite well.

It seems to be best on quilt-weight cottons and dress weight fabrics. The stitching is even, and it makes pretty good buttonholes, which is what I needed. I haven't had it long enough to know how durable the electronic system is. My Juki developed problems when it was only 4 years old; I hope this Brother lasts longer, but there's no way to tell at this point."
"Really enjoying the sewing machine. Iist is quiet, easy to use and great.  I am using it to quilt. Just fantanstic"
"Purchased for my wife as she is a fan of Project Runway.  She really enjoys this machine.  The computerized ""Letters"" is very small letters, so maybe to put your name/initials in your underwear."
"I am very happy with this purchase, the features are fantastic, it sews at the  push of a button. It also threads it self! I love this purchase."
"I read my manual book first  ,then I tried many stitches. I was impressed. I have just completed 2 aprons with the machine. I think it did a good job but the power is not there to go through 4 layers of fabric. Also I was afraid I would sew through my fingers with the machine when I did not use the foot pedal. I think more practice is needed. My next project is button holes. I do love this machine .My 13 year old granddaughter  was very impressed but I told her my old manual is the one she will use when she comes over.  I plan on using this machine a lot. Ann 64 years old."
"This is my first computerized sewing machine and I couldn't have made a better choice for myself.  I have a small manual Janome which is a terrific machine. I had it for several years and I love it. However, it only has 12 stitches and is very limited. I started taking sewing classes at our local Hancock Fabrics and quickly realized I was ready to move to a computerized machine.  I reviewed lots of machines in several brands. I did many ""test drives"" before I determined that this Brother was the one for me.  It is very versatile and easy to use. The threader is the coolest thing I've ever seen! The thread jumps through the eye of the needle. Love that! I've set mine so that it will automatically reinforce the stitches at the beginning and end of my line as well as cut the thread at the end. There are nearly 300 stitches loaded including some lettering. The drop in bobbin couldn't be easier. It comes with 11 presser feet and a really cool knee lifter attachment that allows you to keep both hands on your piece when turning.  I've now had my Brother for several months and used for a weekly sewing class and have sewed many, many projects on it. I seriously have NO NEGATIVE comments about this machine.  The price from Amazon using Prime made it the most competitive. Amazon customer service was terrific. I'm so glad I bought this machine!"
Machine works beautifully. One must carefully read the directions when winding the bobbin or it will get gnarled up. The needle threaded must be in the proper position to work. Negative reviewers cited these problems but were operator error.
"Great machine. Does everything I need/ wanted for a great price. Decent throat space for rotating projects. No issues so far. Love having hard case, extra feet, and presser foot adjustment. As well as knee lift and the wide variety of stitches. Auto thread cutter, auto back stitch, and electronic stitch selections are my fav. I always leave speed on fastest (not when bobbin winding) and adjust speed with petal. It's not to sensitive or not enough, just right. Price is great for a machine with this many features!"
"This machine is wonderful! I was somewhat daunted by the thick operations manual, thinking it would take me six months to become comfortable with the machine, but that was not the case. Yes, I read the manual first, and there is a definite learning curve. However I have been sewing happily for hours for the past several days. [I should probably add a few items of information. I have been sewing with a 50 year old Singer which had become extremely frustrating for me, as I have macular degeneration and have a significant loss of vision.] The PC 420 is so easy to thread, and I love the needle threader. I have been helped by the fact that Brother makes the whole operations manual available as a PDF, so I could download it to my computer and enlarge it. That helped a lot.

There are so many things to love about the PC 420: the ease of threading, as I said, the easy bobbin filling, the thread cutter, the ease of selecting different stitches, and on and on. The machine is quiet, and it even tells you when you are doing something wrong or need to change something. One of the significant reasons that I bought this particular machine is that the it has a premium warranty, which means that the machine and its electronics are covered for two years, not just one.

Yesterday my husband came in, kissed me and said, ""I'm so glad you have a new machine. You've been sewing for several hours, and I haven't heard any crying or any swearing."" This sewing machine is everything I wanted, and I am totally happy with it."
"I really didn't expect much from this machine, but I have been so pleasantly surprised by the versatility and easy of threading, winding the bobbin and much more.  I was able to make 3 pair of pj bottoms in less than 30 minutes each - not a bit of problem.  The machine is easy to use and appears to be very durable.  I'm surprised by the quality of brother and if it wasn't for project runway I don't know that I would have ever given it a try."
"I have had a Riccar sewing machine for the last 29 years which I loved so much, but in the last several months it started having problems getting the stitches right and my straight stitch became a shallow zigzag. The machine did not owe me anything because I sew so much, but I was devastated when I found that these machines were no longer available. It took me months of looking at machines and reading reviews before I bought this machine and I will say that I am not sorry that I did. This machine goes through heavy layers of fabric without problems and the stitching is really beautiful. Of course I love all of the gadgets that make sewing much easier for me, LOL!"
"I upgraded to this sewing machine to have the fancy stitches and alphabets available so I wouldn't have to disconnect the embroidery arm of my machine.  It is a quiet machine and has the nice needle threader similar to my Innovis1250, flunk the lever and needle is threaded!  I love being able to press the scissors button and threads are cut and you can start sewing in another spot (good for quilting or sewing rows of fancy stitches). 294 stitches includes each letter/number of each alphabet, probably really about 130 fancy stitches including buttonholes and darning.  Many nice stitches to use on projects.  Wish it had more storage for custom stitches, only 5 can be stored.  Brother sewing machines are very user friendly and this one is a joy to have!"
I gave it 5 stars because it so easy to use. I would recommend this to a beginner its so easy.. I saw a lot of reviews saying the automatic needle threader would break or not work amd would magicly fix it self the needle threader dose not work with all he sewing feet so keep that in mind. Other wise I love love this machine
"This is an amazing machine for lightweight materials and decorative sewing.  But it will not handle more than two layers of heavyweight fabrics like denim.  I tried to hem some jeans with it but it simply could not handle sewing through all the denim, especially when it came to the folded seams.  But not all machines will sew everything.  You would not be able to sew silk safely with an industrial denim-sewing machine. I would not even attempt to sew seat covers with this machine. So it all depends on the application that you give your machine.  I own 15 sewing machines, most of them vintage.  But this Brother machine is for all my fancy, lightweight sewing.  I love the threading feature, vast array of decorative stitches and all the feet that come with it. The computerized features make it very easy to use.  It takes just a couple of days to get the hang of it.  I have found many inexpensive, generic brand feet that fit it perfectly. I bought mine about three years ago and it has performed flawlessly. Also, the price has dropped  $97 in that time here in Amazon."
"I love this machine. It has a very nice even stitch, and the sewing lines are straight (not uneven or irregular). I especially liked that it came with a walking foot. (I paid a LOT for my Bernina walking foot). After a very little practice, threading the machine, both the bobbin and the top thread, is a delight. You literally just drop the bobbin in, and you are ready to sew. The auto threader for the top thread never misses (unlike my Bernina threader that is hit or miss).

The one feature that has disappointed me is the method for putting on some of the feet. Many of the feet just snap on, which is great. But the one I use the most, the walking foot, has to be put on with a screw driver, and the screw falls out, and it is near impossible to get it back in and hold the foot on at the same time. A few other feet are like this, too. But I can live with this.

Also, don't be fooled into thinking that this machine has a lot of fancy stitches. There are really very few when you try to find one that will fit what your specific need. The decorative stitches are mostly single line stitching, not heavy satin type stitching like they are on more advanced machines. But these stitches work well and, when used appropriately, look pretty good.

I would recommend this machine to others and would choose it again."
"Has all the feature i was looking for,.and the price was very affordable. I would recommend this to my friends.  Great Machine"
"After years of using a conventional sewing machine that I was given as a wedding gift in 1975, I was apprehensive about transitioning to a modern machine. My fears were unfounded as this Brother machine is so easy to use! I made a gorgeous set of loungewear in less than an hour and can't wait to get started on a dress. Buy this machine! You'll not regret it!"
"My wife loves this machine! She kept her old one though for heavy duty jobs. However, she can't believe all that this new one dose."
"I have had my PC420PRW for 5 years.  I cleaned the lint regularly.  Recently it just stopped feeding and thread would get all tangled under the material.  Took it to a Brother dealer for repair.  He took ALL the casing off and it was LOADED with lint.  He said that was what the trouble was that made the spring that held the feed dogs up break, also a little mechanism in the bobbin area was stuck.  SO, it would take a $100 part plus labor (he didn't give that price-which scared me) would probably fix it.  SO all sewing machine lovers, don't just clean what you can see, get a little vacuum and get down in all the little crevices and nooks and crannies.  Those screws are hard to get loose on the casing but work till you get them out so you can get everywhere.  I was appalled at all that lint that I missed.  It's imperative to keep your machine cleaned out for good working order.  I'm so sad about my machine, but I just bought a more modest BROTHER as I can't afford to get mine fixed right now, but may in the future.  I LOVED thismachine, and if someone gave me $400 I would buy it again.  I should say it was $469.00 when I bought it five years ago."
"Was looking at a much more expensive professional level machine that could do quilt stitching & embroidery as well as sewing all types of fabric from very delicate silks to heavy upholstery. This does it all and is packed with all the accessory feet, etc. needed to get going right out of the box.
It took a while to unpack everything and make sure everything was there and read through all the instructions. Took a few trial runs on various scrap fabrics to get use to it - very quiet and smooth operation. Beautiful consistent stitches."
"So far, this thing is amazing.  I have not figured out all the functions yet, and it is a little confusing.  But it does a really nice job, and runs circles around my 30 year old Kenmore.  The button pushing is a little weird, and they all look the same, but once used to it work flows quickly.  It has an automatic needle threader, which I love!  It also has plenty of power."
"This is a lovely machine!  It is so easy to use, & I almost got hysterically excited over the accessory drawer, which is a wonderful thing.  Since I am a beginner sewer, & this is an upgrade from my SB700T, I have nothing but praise for this beautiful machine with a knee lifter.  Also, it's a bit heavier than my old machine, but not so heavy that I can't bring to a sewing class.  I'm glad I got this one instead of a Pfaff ($700+)."
This is an amazing sewing machine! Definitely worth the money. I use this machine daily with all kinds of fabric and never had a problem.
The first time I sewed with it I knocked the timing off.  I can't find any information anywhere on how to reset the timing.  There are no lines on the needle bar and no way to reset the bobbin.  It has been sitting there for months.  Just makes me angry now to look at it.
"This sewing machines come with a lot of bells and whistles compared to other sewing machines in the same price range. However, it was made with cheap plastic. Many of the accessories felt like they would break quickly. I also had trouble sewing over thicker fabrics.

Although I was impressed by the amount of features and accessories, I ultimately returned the machine because I felt certain many of the accessories and controls on the machine would break quickly."
"tore up with in two months,I absolutely loved working with this machine,then in the middle of a quilt it just started sewing sideways and bunching up threat, sounded like a thrashing machine,I was heart sick because it sewed so beautifully and to just tear up so quick, made me sick. I gave right at $500.00 for it and sure thought it would last longer then two months. I am so thankful for Amazon's return policy"
really loving this machine. works great and does so many things well. this is the second Brother I have purchased and I am a convert
"This machine is so much quieter than my old Singer. I love the many stitches, and extra feet that come with it. The stitches are uniform, unlike my old machine, and it can stitch through thick layers of fabric. My only problem with it is that the automatic thread cutter stopped working after a few weeks: it still cuts the thread, but the bobbin thread gets cut too short and I need to pull it back through the feeder every time I use it. I've only been using the machine for a month, but so far I love it!"
"Amazing sewing machine.  Very easy for a beginner to use, but continues to be good enough when your skills develop."
"Great Machine.  It's very quiet.  I absolutely love the auto thread cutter feature, as well as that it won't let you sew when the presser foot is up.  Very glad I purchased it."
"I sew for pleasure and income.  I have used many machines, and have owned over 500 different models and brands.  For the price and features, it can't be beat.  You can alter the default settings of the stitches and save them that way;  so when you choose that stitch again your settings are recalled.  It has automatic thread cuts, knee lift, auto matic buttonhole sizing, presserfoot foot presserfoot adjustment and takes low shank feet.  I have not seen the inside of the machine, so I cannot speak of its construction or longevity.  Overall a great machine."
Replacing the needle has been a bummer.  I could not move the screw that holds the needle and now my husband is trying to remove the manufactured set needle. He stated that it was put in the wrong way with too much torque on it. I probably will wind up at the repair shop if we cannot remove it safely.
"This is the second Brother machine Ive purchased. I bought this one so I could make larger quilts (yes you can make large quilts on this, just have to be a bit patient;) I really researched this machine and even read many of the reviews. The sewing I did turned out great, and I was able to get it running in less than 30 minutes,  mainly because my SE-400 is set up very similar. One review that stood out for me was the woman who said the stitches when set to the fastest setting didn't come out straight, so I tried this several times and the stitching was perfect, at least for me.  I would recommend this sewing machine hands down!!!!"
"I just bought this for my daughter.  I have had one of these for two years, use it A LOT and it's still outstanding.  When my daughter's machine got blown to OZ in the F5 twisters that hit Moore in May I replaced it for her with this one.  I bought it when my 28+ year old Viking broke as a backup machine and now my Viking is the backup!  That really says it all."
"I can't give it 5 stars because of one thing; when you turn the machine on, it's at needle to the left of center, automatically, and can't be reprogramed.  As soon as I started sewing--BAM!--broke a needle.  So whenever one sits down to sew, you have to remember to put needle to center.  Quite inconvenient."
I have had this machine for a couple of years now and have had absolutely no problems with it. I have sewn hundreds of projects with her and she never lets me down. She is quieter than my other machines. She has a drop in bobbin and self threader which are a sewing enthusiast's dreams. Overall I have been very well pleased with my Brother machines and this one is a step above my others.
"I bought this to compare with the Singer 9960 Quantum Stylist and here is how it worked out for me.

This machine does an okay stitch, but only at medium speeds, at top speed the straight stitch jumps around a bit. The Singer doesn't do a perfect stitch either, but it is better at top speeds than this Brother.

This machine is heavy which is nice, but it still vibrates and shakes quite a bit, and a lot more than the Singer. I had another Brother (my first machine) that did the same thing so I'm wondering if this is just a Brother thing. I don't think it really effects anything, but is a bit annoying.

The feed on this machine is good, but not as good on thin materials, and not as good as the Singer. I will be sewing a lot of little girl dress up clothes (so a lot of sheer materials) so this is a big deal to me.

I love the adjustable presser foot! This worked great for sewing chiffons together that tend to bunch on top.

You can't tell from the picture so much, but the back of this machine drops off right after the plate. That may not be a big deal for some, but it effected the way the material fed through when using long, heavy pieces of fabric, so if I was going to keep this I'd have had to buy the optional quilter's table (or finally get a sewing hutch).

There is no stitch cheat sheet on the machine, so, unless you have the book out, you will be scrolling through all of the stitches to find them. Not a big deal, but the Singer has it all laid out and I found that to be much more convenient. Now, I use a lot of the decorative stitches so this is a big deal for me, if you are basically just using the basic stitches this wouldn't be such a big deal as they have the most used ones on convenience buttons.

Love, love, love the auto threader!! This is the only one that I think I'd actually use. Most other ones (including the one on the Singer which is just awful) are just not worth the effort, but this one was awesome.

The little accessory compartment has spots for the feet and bobbins which is nice, the Singer just has the big compartment which sucks, but is expected on machines in this price range so the fact that the Brother has it is nice.

Several of the decorative stitches were sloppy compared to the Singer

All-in-all this is a nice machine for the price and does some nice stitches. For me there were some things I just couldn't handle, like the stitches being so off at top speed, the feed of sheer materials, and some of the decorative stitches being sloppy. Honestly those are not super big deals, and for most this would be a great beginner/intermediate machine, it just happens that they are important to me and  the Singer didn't have those particular problems."
"I've had this machine for over 2 years now and I feel I'm equipped to write a review now :) I completed my degree in fashion design last year and used this machine for every project as well as some of my own. I've made everything from a tailored suit, shirts, ball gown, boned corset, a baby quilt, lined curtains and even outdoor furniture covers. This machine has performed remarkably and only acted weird when I tried to sew rubberized solar lining for curtains. It has handled several layers of denim, including putting zippers in jeans. Ive also sewn with leather, Pleather, vinyl, thick wool, faux fur, silk, satin, tulle.....basically everything I threw at it. The ability to use the machine without the foot pedal is awesome. I loved that everything from back stitch, stop/start and cutting the thread at the end of your stitch can all be done at the touch of a button. The self-threading capability is great and will be appreciated by those who find it hard to see the eye of the needle. The light is excellent and doesn't give off any heat. The button-hole function is perfect and I achieved a very professional look on a 3-piece suit and shirts I had to make. I also find it a huge design advantage that the bobbin is drop in and mounted on the top, rather than a push-in on the front. I feel like this allows less chance for the bobbin and thread to become entangled...something that hasn't happened once in 2 years. Although the machine is plastic it has held up very well and looks as goid as the day i bought it. The hard case it comes with and the multiple tools and extra feet is a real bonus. I bought a case if plastic bobbins and 100 size 12 organ needles and have had to pay for nothing else for the machine. Not even a service or repair....though i plan to have it serviced this year just to keep it tip-top! Absolutely don't hesitate to buy. I did a lot of research before buying this and was nervous about getting the RIGHT machine for school. But I've used it every day since I bought it and have never had a problem. When I remember all my other machines and messing around with the tension. And all those wasted minutes when the bobbin thread was always getting tangled, I regret not buying this machine sooner. I actually preferred this machine to the industrial juki's at school! I've just started my own small business and plan to use this machine for much of the sewing too."
"This machine replaced my 10 year old ""thread banger"". The machine stitches like a dream. Smooth operation and beautiful, even stitches. The auto thread feature and auto cut are great. The decorative stitches are great too! TONS of options! I love all the options and upgrades from my basic machine. Plus all the extras are great. Lots of feet, tools and even a twin needle! I suggest ordering an extra pack of bobbins with this. Four were included, but I like a variety of colors prewound."
"Received this in 2 days - thanks Prime!  There are many good things about this product.  The auto threader is great and love the automatic thread cutter.  A decent amount of different stitches although some look better in the guide than they do on material.  After several weeks of using it daily, I began to have trouble with the tension.  I troubleshooted with the guide, but nothing worked.  I also had 2 different occasions of the thread balling up which required me to take the bobbin casing out and clean around it - only to have it happen again.  For a 3 week old machine, I found this unacceptable and phoned Amazon.  This was my first time using their return/refund policy and it was fabulous - no long explanations necessary and refund received promptly.  I am not prepared to spend almost $400 on a product that I have trouble with in the first month.  I have since ordered a Janome - didn't get the thread cutter, which I loved, or the number of stitch options, but it is a very sturdy machine (have used before) and I hope that I don't have any tension problems, as I did with this one.  Will update on that when it gets here.  The Brother is just an average machine - given other reviews with this same problem, I bailed before I had more problems."
I would highly recommend this product.  Arrived as shown.  High quality item for the price.  Well worth what I paid.
I have only had time to use this for a small project but so far I am loving it! It is so quiet I can watch a movie at the same time. It sews smoothly. My old machine was 40 years old and I am amazed at all the new features on a sewing machine.
"I upgraded to this machine after my 20 some year old White quite working.  I can't believe how much smoother this machine is.  The auto threader is a dream.  It is touchy, when you change needles it has to go in ""just so"" or the threader won't work.  The auto cutter is another feature I love.  I did not have either of them before.  So many stitches to choose from.... I mainly piece quilts or do crafts.  The first project I used this for was a heavy flannel quilt that I was putting the binding on by hand.  It was so hard to get through the flannel by hand I gave in and sewed it on.  This machine went through the flannel binding with no trouble.  My old machine would have never been able to.  The letter fonts are a nice touch.  No you can't change the size which would be nice, but it's not an embroidery machine.  I see it as a nice extra.  I researched a lot, debated between the high end ""expensive"" machines, and finally went with this one.  Very happy with my purchase.  Great features for the price.  Just like getting a new toy when you were a kid!"
"I am an intermediate sewer, and I have to say I Love this sewing machine. I had an old Kenmore (30 years old) and have been researching sewing machines for a couple of years. It was delivered ahead of time, was Easy to set up and learn. It is extremely quiet, sews smoothly, oh so easy to thread - omg it threads the needle for me! I don't know why I waited so long. And the decorative stitches to boot. Again, have had this a month now, am finishing up a quilt and can't wait to start another project!"
Much better than the first brother I bought!  Took a little time getting used to the hands (foot) free function...now I love it
I purchased this for my wife to replace a very old sewing machine.  I spent a lot of time reviewing various machines and finally settled on this one as the best value for the features.  She now uses it nearly every day and has complemented it on how easy it makes her sewing projects.  It also comes with a nice case to keep the kids off of it and store the manuals it comes with.
"This machine is whisper quiet, and so easy to use.  It has a wide throat for quilting, which I haven't tried yet.  But, so far I am sooo pleased."
I've not started to figure it out. But it is an amazing machine. I'm so glad I got this and the case protecting it is fantastic.
"I did a lot of research before purchasing this machine and although it has many pluses, there are many minuses also.  One of the things I object to is there is no ""user community"" or forum for trading info and tips about the machine. ( thank you Amazon for providing reviews)  It's hard to believe in this day and age that one doesn't exist.  Additionally, I live in Massachusetts, and the closest service center is 1 1/2 hours away!!!  Like another reviewer before me, the automatic needle threader died pretty quickly and I just haven't gotten around to taking care of this problem.  I also have problems ( as this same reviewer mentioned) with the thread bunching up.  However, everything was working fine, and then bang, the thread bunched up and I got the error message and could not sew anymore.  I brought the machine to a very nice local shop that sells, but does not service Brothers.  He said the bobbin shaft was shot and I need a new one.  Hello! Another $40 in 3 months of use?  This is NOT covered under warranty, and I understand that this shaft needs replacing more often than not.  It's frustrating .  Also, for,those of you that are quilters,  this model has a very short throat that makes it impossible to quilt  anything but items with low loft.  On the plus side, the selection of stitches is wonderful, although I will be hard pressed to use all of them.  For quilt piecing it's quite good as you can easily sew your 1/4"" seams.  But, again, as mentioned in another review, not all the fancy stitches come out great.  Since it's a ""project runway"" model, I suspect it's much better for sewing clothes.  In short, if Brother wants to market and sell on line, vs, dealer network, they need to provide better support and to make sure that some of their internal parts are built more sturdily.  I hope I don't need another machine, but if I do, I will not buy a Brother ."
"I got this for my mother in law. She is very pleased with it, loves all the different stitches and capabilities. She is disappointed that it isn't stronger; it can't sew through several layers of upholstery material. It is great for other projects, however.

Very happy."
"I really like the machine. Overall it works great, the only issue I have is the automatic needle threader does not work."
I could not be happier with this machine.  It is a dream come true for me. I love to sew and I love sewing with this machine.
"The machine may be fine.  It arrived in the retail box without damage.  I didn't get to open it up for about a week, then didn't actually sew for another week.  The accessories list indicated 4 bobbins but I received 1 .  No big deal, I purchased extra at a local store.  When I went to put buttonholes on my garmet I did not have the required buttonhole foot which was listed as included.  After emailing this situation to Brother they responded that I had 14 days from the date of purchase to have them replace these missing items.  I've never delt with Brother before but I have no faith in this machine lasting a fraction of my previous machines 30+years.  I will return it and purchase a different brand."
I have been sewing sence I was 14 or so and I mean almost every day of my life and I am 72.  I love this Brother.  It is simple to operate and does exactly what I want it to do and it is easy to operate.  I would recommend this machine to anyone.
"What a difference between this and a $100 cheaper machine. It's wonderful. I keep looking for things to sew. The knee lift frees my hands to set the fabric in just the right spot. The auto threader is great (especially for older eyes). The machine almost runs itself. In fact, it does run itself with the auto run button (great to use when using a decorative stitch). And it is SO-O-O quiet, compared to my 2-year old machine. I LOVE it. All in all, a great deal for the money.
The light at the needle leaves a lot to be desired, and I have already bought a tiny light to supplement this. I  amstill working on getting some of the decorative stitches re-aligned. I would have thought that would be taken care of at the factory, but I don't need that many of them."
"I needed a machine with more capabilities than my very basic Singer, since it had virtually no compatible accessory feet needed for quilting. I racked my brains for months trying to find the perfect machine, going to dealer after dealer, only to get frustrated with either the steep price tag, the distance to the dealers, feeling like I was being overcharged, or the machines lacking some feature I wanted. I finally decided ""forget these dealers"", searched for high-rated machines on Amazon, found this one, and was extremely impressed by what I was getting for under $400. Within ten minutes, I placed my order. It was on my doorstep in about two days. The instructions are clear, it is very easy to operate, it's quiet, it comes with tons of accessory feet, and I have been extraordinarily happy with what I got for the money."
It does all and more of what I expected. Made a mini-skirt did a little embroidery and started on a dress.
"Let me start off by saying, I Love my Runway Girl!! This sewing machine is so nice. It does everything I hoped for and more. I have been sewing on my Runway Girl, for 3 months now and she's still living up to my expectations. My sister even  purchased one, and she wasn't having any trouble out of her Singer, but this Brother Project Runway is the cream of the crop! You can't go wrong with this purchase and the price is right!!!"
I've had this for several months now and its a little horse. I love the  features and it is quite intuitive. The only issue I have had is with the auto threader. Some times it works sometimes not.....
"Great machine, good quality. I can't wait to use it more so I can figure out all the neat stitches."
"The machine is amazing. It is my first one and i and my teacher enjoying sewing on it.
I prefer if instructions had more explanations and pictures. But otherwise I love it."
"I didn't know what to expect for the price. I wanted to upgrade my machine and was going to buy a even more expensive till I saw this one and the reviews. I am so glad I purshused this machine. Best machine I own. Can't beat the price. Sews flawlessly every single time. It's like sewing on air!!! Easy to thread, lots of stitch options and lots of feet! Have had this machine for 4 months and trust me, I sew for a living so I give it a work out. It sees hours of sewing every single day. Great machine!"
"I sew everyday, wore out my 5 year old Janome, check Consumer Reports and they had high ratings for this machine, price was excellent, half of what dealers were asking. I love it, started using it the day it came! Especially like the buttonholer. I rate it 5 stars!"
"My machine arrived within 4 days and was in perfect condition. I found the instructions very easy to use and was sewing in a matter of minutes. I have sewn for 30 plus years but have never attempted quilting until now. I have completed my first and am now on the second. The machine makes all the difference in the ease of ""machine quilting"". I highly recommend this machine to anyone."
"I love my new Brother sewing machine. I had a Brother before this one and it served me for over twenty years. The choice was easy, but I have to say my new machine exceeds my expectations . My advice to anyone purchasing a new Brother is "" go for it"", and read the user guide before you start sewing. This will eliminate any problems that I have read that other users have had."
A little complicated to operate all the different stitches and I have trouble making the automatic needle threader work sometime. But overall I like the sewing machine.
"I shopped for months to replace an older Brother that died.  I was unsure that I wanted another Brother although when my other machine worked, it worked well.  After lots of shopping and reading many reviews, I settled on the PC420PRW.  I have had it for a few weeks and so far, I am very pleased.  It does a beautiful job of decorative stitches."
"I have been sewing for years. I researched and found this to be the machine of choice for my needs. I compared prices on many websites and Amazon was the best. The cover is also included, which is a plus considering most places sell is separately. I am very pleased with my purchase!"
My patchwork teacher recommeded me this product. I loved it. As expected it fullfills my needs. Great acquisition! I do recommend it.
"I received my new sewing machine about a month ago and cannot stop sewing! It's quiet, has clean lines with the thread spool enclosed in top, came with lots of extras like specialty presser feet and bobbins, machine cover, and the instruction manual is easy to read. I was literally sewing in minutes. The computer screen and buttons are user-friendly and I caught on quite well. My favorite features are the needle threader, pop-in bobbin, and knee control for the presser foot. This machine has made me a better seamstress!"
I have not bought a new sewing machine for at least 12 years.  I really looked into and did a lot of reading when choosing to buy a new machine.  I think thei machine is fantastic!  It is easy to use and it's my first computerized machine.  I like the automatic threader and the automatic thread cutter.  This machine is quiet and can sew fast.  Would reccommend it for anyone who's new to sewing.
"I really wanted to like this machine as it seemed to do all kinds of nice things.  Unfortunately, a minor thread tangle has turned into a major hassle.  Instead of being a simply fixed problem, I need to take it in to a service center.  When purchasing this brand, I should have checked for authorized service centers close by but the closest is over 100 miles away so very inconvenient.  As common as the Brother brand is, their service is considerably less common.  Having had good experiences with sewing machines (I am an experienced sewer and have done many projects over decades, I was not expecting problems so early in the life of my machine.  It has lots of fun features, which is why I replaced my old machine, but unfortunately the low quality and minimal service availability make me wish I had bought something else.

Update: I took the machine apart - more pieces off than troubleshooting directions suggested figuring that whatever I did was going to be a hassle and it was past the warranty date.  Lo and behold, it worked!  So whatever I did in taking more pieces off reset the error message and I could continue with my project.  Otherwise I have had no trouble with the machine.  However, I still wish I had checked the availbility of authorized service centers as there is not one within 100 miles, and I live near a metro area of more than half a million people.  The snippy remark from the telephone customer service representative that they just can't have service centers on every street corner was annoying, as I would simply be happy if there were something within a reasonable driving distance, perhaps in the metro area of over half a million people near where I live."
I only buy Brother sewing Machines as they always have all the gadgets that I love. I would recommend this one to anyone who sews.
Had this machine on my wish list for a year. Just when I had the money the price dropped. I am so excited to have this heavy duty versatile machine. I have not used it yet. Will update.
"I bought this machine last summer (2012) in the US (I live in Canada). It was not available in Canada, which is unfortunate, as I am stuck with it. I will never do that again. I am a long time sewer of over 45 years, and I sew practically every day, making dolls and clothes for them. This machine is so tempermental and frustrating, and goes through needles (schmetz) like nobody's business ... sometimes several a day ... and I am not sewing heavy materials (lace and cotton).  At times, the thread will jam for no apparent reason, which necessitates rethreading, and then nursing the machine along while it grumbles, making strange noises. Also, removing the plates is impossible with the screwdrivers provided. They are too long. There are some features that are excellent though, especially the needle threader. However, I bought this machine as a backup to my Husky Designer 1, and would have returned it if I could. Also, I was given the run around when I contacted Brother USA regarding another problem"
I bought this for my wife and she loves it. It makes easy work of complicated task giving you professional results
"I have upgraded from a Brothers machine and have had no problems before.  This model is capable for doing so much more, easy to work with.  Instructions are very clear."
"A machine you can grow with!! I'm a beginner at sewing!! I tried using my mom's basic, older Singer and it was way too much for me. This sewing machine has so much more feautures and it was so much easier to thread the bobbin and needle and use the functions on this Brother sewing machine! Everything you needed to know about the machine was very detailed in the instructions and the machine pretty much does everything itself! So happy with my purchase!! It comes with quite a bit of accessories to get started! I'm a working mother of 3 and wanting to start making clothes bc I have my own style. This machine is perfect for making garments with! Easily made my first shirt and some drapery's!! Again, Very Happy Brother Customer!"
Has features I hadn't even known about. It's been over thirty years since I've owned a sewing machine. I am greatly enjoying sewing again.
I needed to upgrade my sewing machine to advance with free motion quilting but I didn't want to spend $1000 or more.  This machine meets all my needs. The needle down  capability and speed control were my main wants but I am pleasantly surprised by how much I love the automatic threading and the knee lift capabilities as well. This is a very good machine for the money.
There are features on my Brother PRW420 sewing machine I can never do without again. The automatic threader is one of them. Its such a pleasure to use the finger controls instead of the old fashioned foot controls. One of my favorite features is the dial that lets you control the pace for how fast you sew because it really has improved my accuracy. This model is easy to thread and its pretty quiet also.  The hundreds of embroidery stitches that are built in are great.  I am  glad I purchased this sewing machine and have no problem recommending it.
"I LOVE MY SEWING MACHINE!!!!  I am a beginner sewing girl and all I had to do was read the manual that came with it and I'm making dresses left and right!  I feel like a real seamstress and after I learned how to read a pattern and use the correct fabric, I was cranking out dresses for my daughter and me all over the place!

If i could sew all day... I would."
"I spent years sewing on a very cheap machine. I spent more time ripping things apart than I did sewing because the bobbin thread was constantly jamming. And forget about sewing anything thick on my old machine. I've had this machine for 3 years now and I couldn't be happier. The bobbin has never jammed. The automatic threader is awesome. The automatic thread cutting at the push of a button makes quilt piecing so much faster and easier. I also love the decorative stithes for making quick flannel baby blankets. And the button hole function on this machine actually makes nice buttonholes. I have used this machine for sewing everything from clothes, home dec, and I just finished my first quilt. I think experienced sewers will love this machine because it has the function and sturdiness of a much more expensive machine. I highly recommend this machine for new sewers too, because it makes seeing fun instead of stressful. Most of the problems new sewers run into with the machine jamming and not feeding correctly are because many cheaper machines just don't do well at that sort of thing. Yes, it is a lot of money, but this machine will be with you for a very long time, and you will save money in the long run by not having to throw away cheap broken sewing machines. I also have the extension table which made working on a quilt much easier. I now love to sit down and sew, and I finish everything so much faster because I'm not trying to fix problems with my machine."
"My 28yr old Kenmore died and I finally stepped up to a computerized machine.  Smooth operation, fairly easy to navigate threading, setting length, width etc.  Would've liked a more comprehensive manual, but I am very, very happy with the machine.  Great machine, great price on Amazon !"
Love how it is working so far. It is very quiet. Since i am somewhat new to sewing i would appreciate contact information in case I have any questions on using the stitches etc. on the machine. Is there a Brother's phone line number that someone could send to me?
"I am a new sewer who sews a lot. I was using a cheaper sewing machine (that my sewing teacher kept asking if it was broken because it was so noisy) and purchased this one recently. It is an absolute joy to sew on. I sew almost everyday and I love the ease of this machine. It is simple to thread, LOVE the self cutting feature and the not having to use a foot petal. I would recommend this for anyone looking for a middle of the road machine. Super easy to use!

One Side Note: The mannual states to use only the bobbins for this machine which I did purchase as well as they are a bit different in size then the standard bobbins. So make sure you order those when you get your machine."
"I got this machine because I knew nothing about sewing before I got it, and reviews all said it was a great beginner's machine that had enough for even more advanced users can use, so I figured it'd be nice to have even after I learn a lot more about sewing.

It is so easy to use! There are little picture instructions that are actually printed on the machine to help you remember how to thread the machine, which is nice because after I haven't done it in a while I use them to refresh my memory and make sure I'm doing it right.

It comes with a foot pedal and accessories like different kind of feet for different techniques/fabric. I've used it to make a few dresses and make some shirts/skirts fit me better already. And it has a few embroidery stitches that I've used to embellish a couple skirts - I've gotten some nice complements :)"
"Rec'd in a matter of days.  Easy to setup and start using immediately!  Comes with all the bells and whistles that others don't come pkg'd with.  Hard case, walking foot, knee lift, pressure gauge and so much more were part of the initial purchase!  Looking forward to my quilting projects."
"I really like the PC420 automatic thread cutter-not having to wrestle my sewing project trying to leave enough thread  to avoid rethreading needle.  I have worn out a Singer Touch and Sew, and Elna 6000.  This machine is heavy duty and has all the extras that other sewing machines have at half the price.  I would recommend this machine for anyone interested in learing to sew or quilt."
I absolutely love this machine.  It's as smooth as silk!  I especially love the thread cutting mechanism which saves me so much time.  I can't wait to use all the features this little power house has.
I love - love - love this machine. It has exceeded all my expectations. I really believe Brother makes a high quality product. Love all the features. So easy to learn how to do altho I haven't used them all yet. Love the auto needle feature. Bought the extension table also as I do quilting. What a difference that makes in giving you extra room to work. Have had no problems with the machine. Do not hesitate to buy even if there are a few negative reviews. You will kick yourself if you don't.
"My wife requested this sewing machine for Christmas. She is brand new to the hobby of sewing and was dependent on reviews to make her purchasing decision. To get started in sewing and get acquainted with her Brother sewing machine, she decided to take sewing lessons at her local fabric store, where bringing her machine was required. The sewing teacher was very impressed with her purchase. Her teacher owns several machines and this was her first exposure to the Brother brand.  Her teacher liked the ease of use, the built in bobbin and all the included accessories. The fabric store sell another well know brand, which my wife considered but was swayed by the Amazon reviews and prices. So far my wife has no regrets. This review has been lovingly endorsed by my wife."
The wife loves it!  Does everything she wanted to do but her old machine could not.  She loves all the features like auto threading of the needle.  No negative comments at all.
This machine is wonderful. It is easy to use and it does a good job on many different projects. I have found it to so easy that I now want to sew more. I have had this machine for more than a year and it did replace a very old singer. It is my first time with a computerized machine.
I absolutely love this machine. I contemplated for a long time on what machine I should buy and I kept coming back to this one. I am so glad I did. It is a lovely machine and has so many functions. I love it. I have had this machine for about 5 years and  I would recommend this to anyone.
Great little machine.  I bought it for my daughter for her 1st machine.  Pleased with the way it runs and all the feet it came with.
"I recently purchased this for a christmas present for myself.  I did a lot of research on different sewing machines that were in my price range.  I also have a kenmore mechanical which I have long outgrown.  I like to sew quilts and was having a difficult time quilting them with the kenmore.  This brother machine is so easy to use and extremely quite ( I couldn't believe how quite it is). The throat is longer and taller than my old machine which allows for larger projects.  I love the fact that I don't have to use the foot controller to sew. This is taking a little getting used to, I still have foot action for the pedal.  The picture in no way does this machine justice.  This really needs to be redone from a full side view, not the front corner view to get the full scope of the size of this machine. The onboard needle threader is super nice and there is no guess work to using this feature ( when it clicks the needle is threaded with a large loop of thread so it is easy to pull through). Another great feature is the needle down when stopped, auto thread cutting (top and bottom threads)and controlling the sewing at a consistant speed all without the foot control (which is included)"
"Many of my friends now want it after seeing it in action. So far it has worked very well.  The thread cutting feature is nice. The horizontal spool holder can be a pain if the edge of your spool is rough, it can catch the thread as it comes off the spool."
"the best machine i have ever had, every time somebody sees it they want one, people say what a great machine , where did u get it and i use that time to show off, lol."
This is a wonderful machine. I have had it for about 6 months and I really like it. Sews through think material. I like the automatic threading. The automatic thread cutter is a real treat to have. I know people think Brother is not a good brand for sewing machines but I really like this one!!!!!!!!!!!
"I've had my PC-420 PRW machine for about three years and have had no problems with it.  I did learn from the place I take it for service (regular maintenance) to not use Schmetz needles.  Schmetz needles, while excellent, for some reason don't jive with this machine's thread cutter or automatic threader function, I forget which, so I've switched to Organ needles.  This machine is packed with features and lots of accessories, some I've still not even tapped into.  I paid more for my machine than it's selling for now, and I still think I got my money's worth."
"My Elna sewing machine died after 22 years.  I researched many brands before purchasing this Brother PC-420 PRW.  Brother has exceeded my expectations with needle threader, needle up/down position, easy threading, extremely easy bobbin and the thread cutter is absolutely amazing.  I didn't think I would use the knee/foot extension, but I have found it to be very handy.  For the first time in years, my stitches are straight.  I tried all of the one-step buttonhole options and they all look good. I won't use most of the fancy stiches but tried many of them and they are very nice.  Even the monogram setting is fine for initials on shirt sleeves and making my own labels.  I am extremely happy with this product and highly recommend it to others."
"I was very skeptical first to prefer Amazon over a local dealer to buy a sewing machine which I intend to use for a very long time. But the deal was too good to pass and after several days of research I decided I wanted to do it. I am glad I did. I love it and so far we have been best buddies and I love the projects I have completed on this machine. The rating is 4 stars as I haven not used all the stitches and  hence not eligible to compare. However the stitches I have used so far have been great. I love the cutting/snipping thread tool. What a thread saver and so handy tool. I do not think I can live without it now. Now whenever I use other machines ,I always miss this tool. Another feature I love is the My Customized stitch tool. I am able to save my own stitches and later use it .Well all -in-all I am happy and I hope this machine will last me forever  without any problems..."
"This machine has always made very beautiful even stitches, great easy button holes, and a a lot of fun features that has always given me a great sewing experience. I gave it 4 stars because the .7amp motor is a little weak. It can bog down under several layers, but it has always gotten the job done. It's lightwieght enough to take to classes or a friend house. Too me it's a lot of machine for not a lot of money."
No need to look any further. This is the machine that does it all for a lot less money that many others.
"I was dreaming of a computerized embroidery machine for years.
Finally found this one and got it for my own BD two years ago.

Well, it could have been a good one, if it were manufactured and tuned well..
It has quite a few hick-ups that take the fun out of the picture when using it.

The stitches sometimes turn out well, sometimes - messy and all over the place.
Thread's tension is so unpredictable that I am afraid to use it on delicate fabrics..

It would stumble on some of the patterns making one huge knot under the needle plate, so the latter has to be removed to cut the dozens of hanging threads that accumulated underneath it.

Even such a simple operation as winding the bobbin can end up in having all the thread under the bobbin plate wrapped around the spinning axis, which makes that thread impossible to remove.

I have a pretty basic model of Jenome, that feels like heaven after using this Brother's model.
As simple stitch as zig-zag set at small stitch length (1 mm or shorter) is incomparably better when performed on Jenome.

Long story short -- I am a bit disappointed with the machine and would not recommend it for a person looking at spending pleasant time with her/his craft project."
"After my 39 year old Singer sewing machine finally bit the dust, I was really at a loss for what sewing machine to buy as a replacement.  I researched sewing machines on-line, and the Brother PC-420 PRW machine consistently got high (or the highest) ratings of machines for people who do more than basic sewing, but less than commercial sewing activities.  Although it operates a bit differently than my old Singer (go figure--things have changed in 39 years); I really like the Brother's features such as the automatic threader, the auto cutting option, and the short-cut buttons.  I initially went through the program options to find the center position for the needle, for zig-zag, and for the hemming stitch; when I finally realized (duh) that the machine has short-cut push buttons just below the programing buttons to take me directly to all 3 of those options.  The other thing I noticed is that it sews through bulky or different thicknesses of fabrics and unmatched fabric types (like a thicker non-silky fabric being joined to a thin silky lining fabric) without any problems or pulling/puckering.  I guess the only disappointment was to find that regardless of what machine you buy, they just sit on a table-top instead of inside a cabinet (don't worry, I fixed my old cabinet so I could put the new machine on top of it).  Also, my old bobbins do not fit in this machine, so I had to buy all new bobbins.  However, the new bobbins are inexpensive, and I was actually able to rewind thread from my old bobbins unto the new bobbins (cost saver on thread).  All in all, I'm very pleased with this purchase and glad I didn't just blindly purchase another Singer."
"Biggest piece of crap I've ever wasted my money on. Had it for almost a year and am so sorry every day that I bought it. It won't sew over 4 layers of thin cotton material without knotting or having to be pushed or pulled through, will not stop sewing sometimes, just keeps going and I have to turn off the machine to stop it. Have not had good even stitches, hard to thread, including the needle because of the way it was made I have to bend my neck way down in order to find the thread hook and pass thread through it. Don't like the way you have to fill a bobbin either. If the thread gets out of line you may as well throw the bobbin away, or else sit and unravel the bobbin completely and start over. I can't tell you how much I hate this sewing machine. I've always bought only Brother's machines (25 years) Not sure I will again."
I should have returned this.  the bobbin is extremley difficult to wind. the compny should re-design this.  the needle threading only works 50% of the time. And you cannot adjust the tension on the bobbin. just okay....
I absolutely love this sewing machine.  It practically does everything for me.  Being able to set lock stitch and thread cutting saves a lot of time.
"I won't expand on what other reviewers have said. This is an excellent machine. I was in the midst of a project when I got totally fed up with my old machine and was able to use the Brother without reading the manual very much. Once I got the project finished, I was able to look at the manual and it is excellent. My previous machine, a Husqvarna, cost twice as much, did not work as well, and had terrible documentation both on paper and online. My poor 90 year old mother bought a Singer that came with a DVD manual. She has a computer in another room and can't be running back and forth to look at it for information. Plus, it had very little useful information and in a difficult to understand format. The reason I harp on manuals is many machines today come with inadquate documentation. The Brother manual is very thorough and well thought out.

One of the main selling points of the Brother for me was the auto thread cutter. I quilt and I got tired of all the long trailing threads pulling away from the needle. Wasteful and annoying. The auto thread cutter works perfectly.

Another nice feature, the bobbin thread is held in place so all you need to focus on at the beginning of the seam is the top thread. Not a big deal, but a very nice touch.

The reverse stitch button is also excellent and totally controllable.

One reviewer mentioned the knee activated lifter. I think it is too short. I have short legs and to use it, I have to lift my knee at least six inches. I don't bother.

All in all, I am extremely happy with this machine."
"I have been sewing for years and decided to get a new sewing machine.  I have a Janome but it doesn't do the great decorative stitches this machine does.  It took me a while to get use to it.  Every time I thought it wasn't doing something right I realized it was because ""I"" wasn't doing some thing right!  I keep the manual handy.  I love the automatic cutting!  Just press a button.  And the needle threader is awesome!  I'm an old soul and my eyes aren't what they use to be. You just have to make sure the needle is centered and in the up position and the presser foot is down.  The mirror imaging stitch is one of the features I use a lot.  You can create your own stitches which is great.  I love the knee presser foot lifter.  You can lift the presser foot with just a little push of your knee and have both hands free to turn your fabric, but you do have to have the machine close to the edge of your table for the lifter to work.  I've used the buttonhole feature a lot and it works great.  Does not work with very large buttons though.  But you can select different styles of buttonholes from a light to heavy.  On the decorative stitches - there is a little gator stitch that you use to align those stitches.  If I find the stitch I have selected isn't stitching correctly I go do the gator stitch and adjust until it looks correct and then go back to the stitch I wanted to use.  It has worked for me. I don't use the start/stop feature.  Just easier for me to use the foot pedal.  My preference.  It has a speed control feature which is nice if you have a lead foot like me.  I always want to go faster, but sometimes ya just have to go slow.  This keeps me from going too fast.  I could go on and on and I still haven't used all the features!!!  I have been using it steady since June and all my projects have turned out wonderful.  It comes with a variety of presser feet along with a few tools and a hard cover. Like the hard cover cause I keep my machine out on a table so when I'm done I set the cover on it.  Very easy.  Like I said I keep the manual handy cause the only trouble I've had with this machine is because of me!!!"
"Have had this machine for one month. It was a little intimidating at first with the bobbin winding and threading the machine,but I followed the suggestions from previous reviewers and read the instruction book first. I'm still sorting out the stitch choices but love the fact that there are so many choices. The embroidery function is awesome, wish there were more choices, but for $400 it's fantastic. I'm a little worried about how the start/stop button is going to hold up in long term useage. None of the reviews I read mentioned it as a problem, it just seems that it could be a weak spot since you have to push it so many times. Love, love, love the automatic threading and cutting feature. That's a big time saver. My granddaughter said it's not real sewing. Who says sewing needs to be tough."
Couldn't be happier with this machine. It comes with a walking and quilting foot which you normally have to buy separately. I have sewn with it everyday and I haven't had any problems at all. Tension has always been perfect. The only negative thing is that I wish you could make the monograming font bigger. It's very small. If you can make it bigger I haven't figured that out. I didn't buy this machine for monograming or embroidery anyway. This is not really a machine for monograming in my opinion.
"I just recently learned to sew and have been using my Mom's machine from the 80's. It has limited stitches and I was getting really good at what it had. It also had nothing to make a button hole easier. I was no good at that ! I debated for weeks over whether to get a Singer of my own and to go with a Brother machine. I am so glad I went with the Brother.

I have only used it for 1 1/2 projects so far but really like it. My work comes out clean and I was able to easily make a custom stitch. I love the extra feet it comes with and all of the instructions are very clear on what foot to use with each stitch style.

I am very happy with my purchase and foresee myself using it for a very long time.

The only drawback I found was the free arm is a little too big for children's sleeves and I wasn't able to wrap the sleeve around the arm like i had been doing with my Mom's machines. but I haven't found any new machines with smaller free arms so it looks like this is normal for current designs."
"I purchased this sewing machine through the Amazon ""Warehouse Deals"" option- it was marked as like new, and the description fit perfectly. The box had a couple of tears, but the machine is perfect!
When I took it out of the box to inspect it, I noticed that the bobbin cover was off, and the piece that holds the bobbin was gone; when I turned the machine around, I found it on the backside of the machine. Once I put both pieces back in place, it was ready to go.
I followed the directions to load the bobbin, install the bobbin and the spool of thread, and then tried a couple of practice stitches on a spare piece of cloth. Beautiful stitches, everything worked like a charm.
I have noticed that others have commented on the light output- I was surprised to see that there was more light coming from this machine than my previous one - plenty of light for me, but if I ever need more, I've got a lamp handy.
I love the knee lifter lever- it's going to take a little adjustment to get used to using it, but once I do, I know it's going to make projects go quicker. I also like the start/stop button- if you use that, the speed is set by the slide bar on the machine, but if you use the foot pedal, you control the speed that way - best of both worlds as far as I'm concerned (when I let my grandkids sew with me, I like setting the machine very slow so they can see what they're doing and not get overwhelmed).
I haven't tried out the other stitches yet, but I will over the next few days. After I try them, I will come back and update the review with more information
If you buy this machine, I don't have any doubt you'll like it- just read the instructions before trying to use it, and I'm sure you'll do fine. They are very well written, with lots of clear images so you can see what you need to be doing.
***************************************
update - Aug 15 - I've used several of the decorative stitches and they've turned out beautifully, as long as I let the machine work; sometimes I get antsy and try to 'help' the machine by urging the fabric forward- do NOT do this or the stitches will not turn out correctly.
I finished a quilt with the machine and it handled the job very well- there's more room in the 'harp' area than on other machines I've used."
"I gave this machine a review of 2.  Don't really hate the machine, but I would never buy it again.

I purchased my machine almost 3 years ago.  I was excited, my previous machines were very basic run of the mill machines.  I did research and found many good reviews for this machine.  The price was in my range and so I bought it.  I had it all of about 15 minutes and the needle bar broke, the machine would lock up and make a terrible grinding noise.  Seriously, over Thanksgiving weekend.  I was going to be sewing Christmas presents.  I couldn't even reach the Brother office until the following Monday.  I was informed that was a problem that had been occuring on some of the machines and it would be fixed free of charge.  I took my machine to the shop, they had to order out for parts and over a month later I finally get to use my new machine.  It worked great, for a while.  I have small children, so I don't have to sew as much as I would like.  So it was not being used all of the time, but a little over a year later, the same thing happened and several parts had to be replaced.  Yikes time to give up right?  Not me.  The machine was fixed and just a couple of weeks ago I took it in for it's yearly cleaning and wouldn't you know it the parts were going bad AGAIN and had to be replaced.  My machine guy was great and did it for free, he said he would consider them under warrenty.  So why is it doing it?  No clue, but it is starting to annoy me.  I have the machine back and it is funning okay again.  I for sure will not be getting another of this brand, ever.  Too much hassle.  Sewing is my relaxing time, and this machine makes it not fun....................

Things that I will be looking for in my next machine.  Good quilty built machine with metal gears etc.  The plastic on this machine is terrible.  Less noise, this one is loud.  Good warrenty..........."
"I purchased this machine in September 2010, primarily for quilting.  It worked fine for 6 months or so.  Now it spends more time being repaired than it does in my house.  First I was getting loops of thread on the bobbin side of the fabric (1 loop approximately every 5 stitches) - the repair place told me it was caused by me breaking a needle.  I brought the machine home and it worked for a couple of days then it started again - still can't hold tension, still puts loops on the bobbin side of the fabric, now it's making a crazy clunking noise when I sew.  It can't sew straight and due to the loops on the underside can't top stitch.  It has been in the shop three times since January and will probably be going back this week (if it doesn't go in the trash first).

I sew between 8-12 hours a week, I change the needle every time I use the machine.  I clean the feed dogs and bobbin case on a regular basis - the machine is just a piece of junk. It was a complete waste of money, I wish I had my old Kenmore back. I will be purchasing a new machine but it won't be a Brother."
"I am so happy with this machine!!!  I have had it for about 5 months now and haven't yet found anything it can't do.  I am an experienced seamstress, having been sewing since my Mom taught me at about 6 years old.  (I'm not telling how many years that has been) I have worked with multiple older Singer machines and a variety of Brother models.  This is definitely a good one.  I make padded camera bags and neck straps, and have killed a low end Brother trying to get through all the layers that are required for them, but this machine works just fine.  I have made several straps and three bags since getting this machine.  Also, the decorative stitches are beautiful, and varied. I used one of them to edge a dress I made for my daughter and she loved it.  I did read a review stating that the owner had sewn leather on this machine; I have not been brave enough to try that.  I have used multiple layers of twill, fleece, cotton, and various padding.  You do have to slow down going through so many layers, but mostly you have to do that anyway or the pins will get you.  It seems to have the ability to adjust the tension automatically to some extent.  I can go from working on one of my thick, padded bags to teaching my kids to sew on just one or two layers of cotton and the tension adjusts in just a few stitches.

Although I have been sewing for about 24 years, (uh oh, told on myself) I have never had a computerized machine before.  I had a digital readout, but not a true computerized one, and I will admit to having been a bit scared that it would be more complicated than I was up to.  In reality, it is very easy.  You do need to take a few minutes and go through the instruction manual, but after that it is uncomplicated.  The display is logical and not hard to understand once you get a basic understanding of it.

I read hundreds of reviews of a dozen machines before I chose this one.  I'm not sorry for the time spent because it led me to purchase this machine and I have been very pleased.  I would recommend it to any serious sewer.  My machine gets use on a daily basis, and this is my fourth machine in the 10 years since I married.  I hope to have a long relationship with it."
"Hate my machine! I had an old kenmore for years and it still worked when i gave it away. Wanted a portable so husband gave me a baby lock -- love it but after 20 years I started having problems. Started having problems with this brother right off. Stitches are unprodictable , sometimes fabric won't move. Instead of relaxing it's become a stress."
"See my update to this review at the bottom.  I am very happy with my new Brother PC-420 Project Runway Limited Edition sewing machine.  As usual, Amazon delivered the machine sooner than stated and it arrived in excellent condition.  Amazon should be the benchmark for all on-line sellers.

The machine does everything Brother promised it could do.  This is my first electronic machine and I must say I waited too long to take the plunge.  This machine was easy to use right out of the box.  Things I liked about the machine right away were: 1. the no foot pedal mode, 2. the auto needle 'down' function, 3. the automatic thread cutter, 4. the easier than easy bobbin winder, 5. the fact that threading the machine was such a breeze, 6. the easy to use needle threader. 7. that it comes with lots of presser feet, 8. and that there are tons of affordable accessories available to purchase (of course I did that!).  Things that Brother could have done better: 1. the light is so very weak (I had to buy a sewing lamp to be able to see the sewing zone properly), 2. the quide marks on the needle plate are just about impossible to read, 3. the sew speed lever is a pretty flimsy.

All in all, excellent value for the money.

May 13, 2013:  After one year of sewing with this machine I have changed my rating from 5 stars to only 3 stars.  Here are some of the things that I have found that bother me about this machine.  None of these affect the quality of machine sewing they are just irritants that I never found with my Kenmore machine.  The fact that the light on the machine is very weak has become a real source of frustration for me.  I have purchased several different lamps trying to improve the view of the sewing area with only limited success.  Last month the auto needle threader just stopped working.  My eyes are not what they used to be so I will have to take it in to the repair shop. The part of the machine that is supposed to be removed to allow for armhole sewing always jams and I have to give it several strong tugs to get it off.  At first I was afraid I would break something but now I just yank it off.  The one thing that does affect the quality of sewing is that the machine often gets hung up when sewing over more than 2 thicknesses of material.  I have learned to use two hands to help the machine over these areas."
"I just got the Brother PC-420 Project Runway Edition last week after 5 months of research.  It was a decision narrowed down between Janome DC1050, Singer Quantum Stylest 9960 and this.  Why did I pick Brother?  I went to every brand dealer in my vicinity and tried every machine in my price bracket, even a few higher. I had test drove the Brother Innov-is 80, which is dealer only, and was very impressed with the machine and it's functions.  I had also tried the Janome.  I have sewn on Singer's for the past 35 years.  Well I emailed Brother to find out what the difference between that dealer machine and this one and they said it was only a few stitches and a few differences in the buttons.  That sold me.  Now it is home with me and here is my thoughts so far.

YOU CAN'T GO WRONG WITH THIS MACHINE!!!!  Well, you can if you don't know how to sew.  It comes with 13 feet including the quilting feet (not a 1/4 piece foot though.) and most of them fit into the compartment of the machine.  It can handle the big cotton thread spools that I use all the way down to the skinny Sulky ones.  It only uses the Brother bobbins so put in extra order for those but comes with 4.  The light was great but I would like to see a second light under the arm of the machine.  It is super quiet unless you are sewing fast.  It has 294 stitch functions, which I spent 4 hours testing every one of them.  They were all fantastic.  Note on the fancy stitches, keep speed at medium or the stitches distort.  Save the speed for straight stitches only. It has a very unique threading system.  I tried to do it without looking at manual and wasn't doing it right.  The automatic threader surprised the lint out of me.  I think it would easily break if you didn't follow the steps exactly.  The bobbin is a drop in and super easy to get loaded.  It also has a built in thread cutter.  I need to play with that more as when I was doing the stitch sampler with all the fancy stitches I noticed little thread nest at the beginning of the row of stitches.  Not a big deal but I may be doing something wrong.  That is totally new for me so I may have to read more into it.  I have only glanced at the book to find quickly what I wanted to do.  The manual is a book, explaining everything in extreme detail.  You either get it or you don't.  It is a computerized machine and even has a way to design your own stitches on a grid.  I don't think this is a good machine for the beginner or someone who knows nothing about sewing.  You have to know your way around a machine a little.  YOU HAVE TO USE GOOD THREAD!!!!!!!  I had a spool of good thread but it may have been a little old and it snapped and shredded on me a few times.  I took it out and replaced with a new spool I just bought and no problems at all.  I am finishing up a quilt that my daughter pieced as her first quilt on the machine now and it is the best machine I have ever quilted on.  I have yet to try the free motion quilting and dropping the feed dogs, but the regular quilting methods are great!  It has a lot of room under the arm of the machine, just a thread under 8 inches.  Plenty of room!!!  I know this machine will advance me even further into sewing techniques.  It is just a great machine and I am very happy that I chose this one.  One last note for now...the machine defaults to a left needle position when you turn it on.  Why Brother?  Who sews to the left?  Weird!  I will use my label machine to make a note for that. You have to reset to center manually.  People break a lot of needles if you do not remember that!  I love my new Brother!  I hope my review helps."
"I purchased my Brother 420 from Amazon in April of 2011.  It worked perfectly until one month prior to the warranty expiring.  At this time I was working on a new project that required me to lower the feed dog and it would not lower.  Luckily, the machine was still under warranty.  I would recommend that every purchaser try every feature within the first few months of ownership.

I sew every single day and this machine has been wonderful.  It has every stitch and function any sewer will need. It is very quiet and the stitches from straight to decorative are beautiful.  It is very easy to change the feet.  The bobbin winds very eveningly. The self-threader is very efficient but the sewer must remember to use it with the needle in the ""up"" position.  The manual is well written and very helpful as has been the Brother helpline when I have had questions. The only complaint I have is that it does not automatically adjust to sew from thin to thick such as sewing over the seams of jeans as effortlessly as I would like.  The sewer must press the button on the side of the ""J"" foot prior to going over the thick seam.  However, with frequency, this step becomes second nature.

If the machine had not malfunctioned I would give it 5 stars.  I would definitely recommend this machine to anyone from beginner to advance seamstress.  I will write another review on the second anniversary of my ownership.<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Style-SA156-Sewing-Machine-Bobbins-for-Brother-10-Pack/dp/B001UCGZXI/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Style SA156 Sewing Machine Bobbins for Brother - 10 Pack</a>"
"Wow, this Lady glides like a rocket and sings like a star (very quiet)! We are going to be the bestest of friends. :-) Hefty and sturdy weight, but not too much so. This is THE ""Mac-Daddy"" compared to my other Brother sewing machine. I've gotta hand it to Brother, they turn out very good sewing machines for the beginner all the way up to the expreienced sewer. Don't know how many times I could say ""Wow"" about this machine, but how many ever it would be, it wouldn't be enough. WooHoo!! (Yeah, gotta get a few of those in too!) You just can't go wrong buying this machine, it is worth every penny that you pay for it and more. Happy sewing!

*Final Note: The only difference between the Brother PC-420 and the Brother PC-420PRW model is the ""Project Runway"" logo/decal on the machine on the upper left. I called Brother and confirmed this."
A fabulous machine.  It's easy to use and offers a little bit of everything.  I wish I had more quality time to spend with it.
"I wasted my money on this machine. It was advertised as capable of being used for quilting. We took it back for adjustment 3 times, each time getting a lecture about the poor quality of machines on Amazon. It would never hold the tension steady so the stitches either puckered or left loops of thread in each stitch. By the time we realized it was junk, it was too late too return it. So we're out $400. Lesson learned:1. Buy from a local dealer or Costco, not Amazon."
"Have made a few projects with this sewing machine and I love it so far!  I have made dresses and skirts, a couple of fabric baskets (out of canvas) etc.  It is  a vast improvement over my last machine.  I have done some of its specialty stitches just for fun and they seem lovely.  Easy to learn, just a quick read of the manual.  Love all the accessories (different feet, etc).  Goes through several layers of fabric very well.  It is quiet (but that is relative to my last machine) and seems to have even stitching.  I start quilting next week and hope that it works well for that as well!"
"Have enjoyed using and learning how to use new stitches with my new PC-420.  The stitches are beautiful and oh, my goodness, it threads itself!!  Threading the needle, loading the bobbin, setting new stitches...all work well and easy to follow the directions.

Have loved my Elna for years but this one is truly awesome."
"I am the very beginniest of beginners and L-O-V-E this machine! User friendly enough for someone like me, yet advanced enough to grow into. First job was a test...hemming a pair of jeans. I've attempted this feat on other machines before and failed. This one zipped through like, ""Oh...that was denim? I didn't notice."" Flawless! This thing drives like a Cadillac! I'm now frantically searching for sewing projects, gotta go...."
"i have an Elna machine and didn't want to tote it around to
classes so I bought this Brother machine. Well, if I would of
bought this one first, I wouldn't of bought the Elna. The 420
does everything the Elna does."
"I just recently purchased the Brother PC-420 and I was a little hesitant because the Brother sewing machines from an Authorized dealer is so much more expensive, it made me wonder.. What's the big difference? I even went to Atlanta to test drive the high end Brother sewing machines like the Innovis 40 and 80 and I was not impressed, so I took the plunge, and so far I am very happy that I did. I just finished a quilted project, and in some of the area I had to sew through 5 layers of fabric including a layer of cotton batting, and it went right through it with ease. The work area is spacious, and quilting on this is a breeze. I love the automatic thread cutter, and the needle threader, both work without problems. The features on this machine is comparable to the pricer Laura Ashley Innovis-800 except this one does not have the side feed feature or a extension table and it is about $450.00 cheaper. For about $56, you can buy an extension table (which by the way, I purchased the ext.table here at Amazon and the service and table was excellent). I also like the fact that it is user friendly, the accompanying user manual is very easy to read. I know I just got it, but so far, so good. I just hope that it will last for years to come.
Update- 12/12/12
I hate I had to return my PC-420, the machine started to make little nest in the bobbin, and the feed was pulling to the left. It true the some of the font is very sloppy, the only one that worked well was the box font. I really did like the ease of that machine but over time it did not hold up. I think I'm going to try the Juki-f600, I hope it holds up better."
I love this sewing machine. Very easy to use. Love the threader. Occasionally the thread gets caught in the lower part where the bobbin goes but that's probably because I'm not an expert at sewing. I've had it about a year and had no real problems. Love love love.
"I've been sewing for years and my 1983 Singer finally gave up.  I looked at reviews of Singer and Brother since they both have machines in the price range I was willing to spend. I selected this model after seeing the reviews here and on a blog with a video demonstration. I am really pleased with it.

While I'm not a decorative stitch sort of person, I'll probably try some of them out eventually, but for the items I've sewn so far, I've been impressed. The overcast stitches are pretty good for seams. While it isn't at the level of a separate serger type machine, it is pretty darned close.

The way it sews, the bobbin winding function, the smoothness of the feeder---all excellent. Some features that are interesting: You have your choice to not use the presser foot, and can use a button on the machine if  you want. For me it was too much of a change and I found that I prefer the presser foot. Very easy to reinforce your stitch at the beginning and end of a seam with a reverse stitch button. I was surprised at how quickly I could sew garments without having to deal with some familiar Singer sewing machine issues (thread coming out of the needle right before the feeder starts/thread tension issues, tangled bobbin threads.

The default settings aren't my favorite,for example the needed DOES default right rather than center. And I find that I must be careful on the needle position when changing out the various presser feet. The little screw driver that comes with the machine doesn't quite have the oomph to undo the screw to change out the needle and I think that this feature would be better with a paddle top screw that you loosen and tighten by hand.

The instructions in the booklet are clear, but you do have to jump around to find the thing you need."
"For a few years I've sewn on my friends machine that's very similar to this model; I love it!!  So, when I found this one on Amazon for such an amazing price, I had to buy it!!  The threader and scissor features are superb.  I'm a quilter and decided to buy the extension table.  I love it....it makes piecing my rows together so much easier."
"I just purchased this machine and can't be happier with it!  I did alot of research and read reviews from many websites before deciding which machine to purchase.

I am so amazed at what this machine can do and feel this was the perfect choice for me.  I inherited my grandmother's Singer sewing machine from the 40's or 50's and have always sewed on that.  I received my  PC 420 machine, took it out of the box and set it up in minutes and was ready to sew.  Couldn't believe how user friendly this machine is.  I also purchased the wide table and am so glad I did.  Perfect accessory...a must have, I think!  It fits on the hard cover case as well and also the knee lift snaps to the underneath for storage.  The machine comes with lots of extras that is not listed in the Amazon description...lots of presser feet, etc.

GREAT machine!!!"
"<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Brother-PC-420-PRW-Limited-Edition-Project-Runway-Sewing-Machine/dp/B000XE3FGO/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Brother PC-420 PRW Limited Edition Project Runway Sewing Machine</a>
This is my first sewing machine, and I absolutely love it!  I really researched and ask around about sewing machines because there are just so many machines out there how do you know what you want and need.  This machine had all the perks I wanted plus some.  Automatic needle threader can't say enough about it, Automatic reverse at the beginning and end of your stitching use it every time, automatic cutter plus a knee lift.  I really can't say enough about this machine. I've only had it since December of 2011 but already I have made 6 fleece bath robes, 3 aprons, one pillow, two purses, a pillow case dress and working on a jacket!  Absolute no problem at all so far.  The machine is also very easy to maneuver and use.  I also love the price of this machine for what you get, the ONLY machine I was able to find with all its features and 13 accessory feet for the price, you just can't beat it.  Hope this review helps anyone looking buy a sewing machine."
"I purchased this machine to create occasional mock-ups of product for my design business which involve using some features like the open toe quilting foot and a simple zigzag satin stitch.  This machine had great reviews but the local dealers didn't carry this internet model, so I tested what I believed to be a comparable machine which seemed fine. Perhaps for sewing up ordinary rips and making simple garments, the machine is okay.  But my friend and business associate who has 40+ plus years in tailoring and craft sewing for commercial companies didn't think the straight stitch measured up to even her early 80s Kenmore. I thought my friend just put off by using a computerized machine, until I tried to satin stitch around a simple appliqu myself and found that as I slowed down as I neared a curve or point, the length of the stitches got much larger going from a close satin stitch to an open zig zag.  Yikes! I had to sew like a ""bat out of H"" from the very first stitch and then come a screeching halt as I neared a juncture (when the piece had to be turned) in order to get the length of the stitches to be even. It took us an entire afternoon to sew around a simple 8"" x 12"" appliqu.  We ended up having to satin stitch over parts of it by hand to make it look professional enough to show to a client. We think this machine is kind of a nightmare.

I have 17 years experience using graphics programs to design commuter artwork so I'm not computer phobic. But even with the 2 of us reading each other the directions on how to reset things on the LCD screen, many things simply do not work. There's really too few buttons to perform a myriad of functions and we constantly had to consult the manual (at least there was one!). I wonder how many reviewers of this machine have tried to do something like create and save an embroidery stitch program. We thought it very confusing.  We have used this machine for about 6 months. hoping that with use. we would become more experienced and the results would improve. But no. Fortunately, there were 2 of us working on some of these projects, so we managed to keep a sense of humour about the machine's foibles. Otherwise I think I would have gone crazy.

There's lots of nice features on the machine but things like the automatic needle threader only works about once in 3 tries. The horizontal positioning and size of the thread case really limits the types of thread that can be used without rewinding it to a smaller spool.  The more we use the machine, the more problems we find with it. We tried using the foot pedal with the sewing speed controller for satin stitch, but once on we turned it on, we could never figure out how to turn it off, though it seems simple enough in the manual.

I tried calling the 800# for Brother but the message directing to me a new phone # was as confusing as the machine. Maybe the machine I got is just a lemon, but using this machine has not been an enjoyable experience. This is not a Bernina and you may not want to spend even $400 on a feature packed machine that is unreliable."
"This machine has tons of stitch functions and attachments, of which I will say I love the knee-lifter. The thread cutter is nice, however I find it slows me down. I am a 5th generation quilter and have been doing creative sewing for years...I can honestly say I was willing to give this machine a try, but the quality just isn't there.
My machine is now broken. I dropped the ""feed dogs"" to sew on satin, and they won't raise again. I was offered a P.O. to send it in for repairs, but that would mean packing it back up and shipping it out.

My Janome Threadbanger (a collector's edition TB12 now called something else) and Janome TB 30 have served me much better to be honest. Emphasis here on QUALITY over ""quantity"" (of stitches, attachments, etc). The Janome machines are simply made better. My advice to anyone interested would be this: if you are either new to sewing or have been sewing on mainstream sewing machines for a while, you may be quite happy with the Project Runway machine because it would be considered an ""upgrade"" to a regular machine bought in traditional stores. However, if you are a ""purist"" like myself, and have been accustomed to sewing on a heavy-duty machine you might not be happy with the quality of this model. I learned how to sew from my Grandmother, on a White sewing machine...very heavy duty. We relied on our own creativity and being used to that, it's hard going to an electronic machine that is a bit more delicate and tempermental.

If you are into making clothes, handbags, quilts, home decor, etc., the more basic and sturdy machines are what you want. I've sold many home decor items at shows, and the fun stitching isn't what you see so much as, say embellishments you will add or how you put it all together. It all depends on how you like to sew, and what your expectations are.

The key here is if you want a machine to do a lot of the work for you and help you along with the creative process of sewing, this would probably work well for you. If you already have the creativity on your own and can guide the machine to do what YOU want it to, then pass on this and go for a Janome. Hope this helps!"
"I have been sewing for 35 years on a Swiss-made Elna, purchased new as a wedding gift to me. I NEVER had a problem with it and then the zig-zag went out , unable to be repaired. I sewed a little on my daughter's Brother and it was too fun having everything just one-touch away. I researched and chose the Brother PC 420 and I have been really putting it to the test. The stitches look as precise as a Bernina I looked at. This machine is very user-friendly, quiet, and looks sleek. My only fear is that it won't last 35 years, and I wish it had metal bobbins. If you just know you need to replace bobbins (which are inexpensive)  and be gentle as everything is pretty light-weight plastic, you should be humming along with a smile. The truth is , even the new Swiss-made machines have a lot of exterior plastic parts that you need to baby a bit and the cost is triple what this Brother is."
"I've had my Brother sewing machine for just over a year, and have nothing but good things to say.  I replaced a really old Singer, and am amazed at how well the Brother works.  I've used other machines through the years, but have never found another model that made sewing this much fun.  I've done several home projects, and am going through my back-log of fabric.  I feel that I've only begun to explore the possibilities with this model.  The accessories that were include with the Project Runway model made things easy since I didn't have to buy anything."
"Let me say, I've had this machine for 9 months.  I researched a long time before deciding on this machine.  Initially when looking for machines, I thought I wanted a Bernina or Janome or Viking.  But with these machine brands, the machines that had the features I wanted were well outside of my budget.  And since buying my Brother 420 - I haven't had any regrets!

My sewing habits: quilting, piecing, home decor (pillows - w/zippers, curtains), some *basic* garments, purses ....

Right out of the box, the machine is sleek, sturdy, easy to use.  I like that the machine has some weight behind it - it allows it to handle some large quilts w/o being pushed around.  The throat of the machine isn't ideal for large quilts, but w/proper quilt management, it can be done.

Why did I buy this machine:
1. AUTO THREAD CUTTER - - I use this feature EVERY time I sew. I find it most useful for quilting and I have to change the thread/needle placement/replace bobbin/etc.  It can be v. difficult to get underneath a huge quilt to clip the threads - but w/this button it is so easy!  It is also nice to have for other pieces, though - b/c it cuts the threads so short you minimize the waste of thread.

2. SPEED CONTROL - I use this frequently when I am doing some difficult sewing - zippers, curves, applique - so I don't have to put any energy into the foot peddle - I can put all my concentration on the piecing/sewing.

3. NEEDLE DOWN - such a simple yet useful feature to have. great for corners, curves, and really anything.  I always have this feature turned on.

4. DROP FEED DOGS - this is great for applique, free motion quilting.

5. NEEDLE THREADER - I can't tell you how nice this is!  My last machine didn't have this.  This wasn't a requirement for me, but now that I have it I could never go back.  Threading the machine takes 2 seconds!  Just caution - I had a difficult time figuring out how to use this out of the box.  The directions in the booklet weren't clear enough for me.  I didn't see a lot of people post this question, so I'm not sure most people have difficult w/this - but it was hard for me. Basically, you have to make sure the #6 step - the thread is pulled all the way through the clip to the left - then it works 100% of the time.

6. DECORATIVE STITCHES - This is kind of a neutral feature for me.  It is nice that the machine has more than the average number of decorative stitches - and I have definitely used the ones that are on the machine.  I feel like everyone says you never use the decorative stitches.  And for most people, I suppose this is true. However, I really thought that I would want to use these - and sure enough I was right.  So for me, I wish there were more decorative stitches and option w/them (make them longer/wider). However, I suppose to satisfy me, I'd probably have to get an embroidery machine.  So I'm not sure my expectations for decorative stitches are fair to put on a sewing machine. HENCE - this is a neutral feature for me - it's not bad, but it's not great.

7. SPEED - it sews fast! and straight! love this

8. VALUE - I really felt like the machine could do a lot for the money - and I still stand by that.  In addition to all the features, the machine came w/a lot of accessories that other machines, especially the designer brands, require you to pay extra for - walking foot, different feet, tools, etc.

COMPLAINTS:

1. FONTS: I thought the fonts would be more useful.  I have used them as borders on baby quilts (ABC * 123 * ABC * 123, etc).  That looks nice.  I have used them a few other times but really, they are really small in size, even on ""large"" setting.  That said, I could probably get an embroidery machine if I want more options.

2. BOBBIN WINDER: ok, maybe I'm doing it wrong - but I cannot get the machine to wind the bobbin thread evenly w/o manually easing the thread up and down on the bobbin.  This isn't a deal breaker - but it would be nice to not have to worry about that.  And if someone knows how to fix this or can tell me what I'm doing wrong - please contact me!

3. DEFAULT: ugh, this is the only fault that is really annoying for me! EVERYTIME the machine turns on and off it resets all settings to default.  This is annoying if you have set a stitch series and didn't save it before you turned the machine off (i.e. when you spell a word w/the fonts, or create a pattern w/different decorative stitches).  The most annoying part for me: The machine defaults the needle position to the right versus the center. B/c I quilt I usually have my 1/4"" foot attached to the machine which only allows for the needle in the middle position. I have broken SOOO many needles b/c I forget to change the needle position when I first turn the machine on. I really should have learned my lesson by now, but I CONSTANTLY forget.

So all in all - weighing all the features, accessories, cost versus the 1 negative that really bothers me - I am VERY happy w/this machine. I would go back and buy this machine all over again."
"I have always had Singer machines. I wanted a machine with auto thread cutting, knee lift pressure foot, and an extension table. The extension table had to be purchased separately but this still was the best price for features that I wanted. I am very happy with this machine. It is quiet, sews smoothly, and the stitches are perfectly formed. The only thing negative that I can think of is having to scroll through the decorative stitches and the icons for changing features like auto needle up, auto thread cutting etc are hard to understand. The manual that comes with the machine is very good so I am sure that when I have used the machine for a while I will be able to change the settings without any problem. I would recommend this machine for a beginner or an experienced seamstress that wants a good machine with some great features.

 I have used this machine for several months and have not had any problems. I have used it to teach my 5 year old grandaughter to sew and it is great to have a start/stop button so that she does not have to use the foot pedal and also the ability to adjust the speed. I have used almost all of the embroidery stitches while teaching a group of girls to sew at church. It is important to use a stabilizer for uniform stitches. If you are having trouble with especially the satin type stitches I would suggest that you try a tear away stabilizer that can be purchased at most fabric and quilting shops. I stand by my 5 star review, this is a great machine for beginners to advanced sewers."
"I have a lot of machines, and I love this machine. You will too once you get it home and start using it. This machine has tons of features for this price level. One of the biggest feature is the automatic thread cutter. With the touch of a button this machine lifts the presser foot and cuts the thread for you. No more long strands of thread hanging about on the floor, just clean, cut thread at the end of your seams. You can also program the machine to automatically cut the thread at the end of your work. The automatic threader is not a flimsy little threader, but a heavy duty reliable threader that has never let me down. This machine is sturdy and heavy enough to sew through layers and layers of denim. It also comes with a myriad of presser feet and a must have if you sew lots of corners...a knee lift. As if all these features weren't enough, the machine also does monogramming and numbers. This machine is totally worth every penny.

[...]"
"My old machine has served me very well it is over 30 years old and used much.  It was just too expensive to get attachments for it.  I wanted a walking foot and I got this new brother with a walking foot for just 200 dollars more than the foot alone would cost.
The machine has many features I like thread cutter, locking stitch, knee lever, just to mention three.  I'm still getting to know many of the features.  Having a great time sewing with it.  Sews as well as my old machine and even 30 years ago the old one was 3 times as much money.
Wonderful product for the money."
"Finally, a sewing machine that makes good buttonholes right out of the box. This Brother PC-420 arrived a few days ago, on time as usual. I loved playing with some of the many, many decorative stitches and tried out the buttonhole, too. So far I've only made my 4 year old granddaughter a dress and a hat, but have the makings for a lot more! I am so looking forward to sewing with this machine.
The only negative thing I have to say is after you take of the removable thing that holds some of the pressure feet is that the basic base is larger than other machines and I could not get the size girl 5 sleeve around it to sew. But my little granddaughter is growing and soon the sleeve sizes will be larger. Aside from that and the run on sentence, it's wonderful!"
"I bought this machine for myself as a Christmas gift and just used it for the first time today.  I am blown away by how easy this machine is to operate.  I had an older Brother that I could never get to work correctly and over the past few years pretty much stopped sewing. After reading all the positive reviews, I gave Brother another try. I've got the sewing fever now that I've experienced the self threader, bobbin winder and beautiful stitching of this machine.  This sewing machine is a dream come true, and yes it is worth the cost! By purchasing this machine from Amazon you get many extra feet, great shipping and the lowest price around. I can't wait to start a new project!"
"I AM AN EXPERIENCED SEWER, I SEW CLOTHING, PURSES, QUILTS ETC. THIS MACHINE IS A DREAM. IT COMES WITH ALL THE FUNCTIONS OF THE HIGH END BROTHER INNOVIS MACHINES, SUCH AS AUTOMATIC KNEE LIFT, THREAD CUTTER, AUTOMATIC NEEDLE THREADER, A TON OF PRESSURE FEET AND MUCH MUCH MORE. THE STITCHES ARE BEAUTIFUL AND EVEN THOUGH YOU CAN CHANGE THE PRESSURE OF THE PRESSURE FOOT , I HAVE BEEN GOING FROM LIGHT TO HEAVY MATERIALS WITHOUT HAVING TO CHANGE ANY PRESSURE OR STITCH LENGTH OR WIDTH ADJUSTMENTS. THE MACHINE SEWS BEAUTIFULLY ON ANY TYPE OF MATERIAL. THE AUTOMATIC NEEDLE THREADER WORKS ALL THE TIME , HOWEVER,MAKE SURE YOU TURN THE WHEEL AND HAVE THE NEEDLE IN THE HIGHEST AVAILABLE POSITION, BEFORE YOU USE IT. THE AUTOMATIC NEEDLE THREADER WORKS IN THE TWO STRAIGHT STITCH POSITIONS. THAT IS A REALLY ADDED BENEFIT. MOST MACHINES ONLY WORKS WITH NEEDLE IN THE CENTER POSITION. THE AMOUNT OF EXTRA PRESSURE FEET YOU GET WITH THIS MACHINE IS STAGGERING, PLUS INCLUDED WITH THE MACHINE, IS A BOOK THAT SHOWS YOU ALL THE OPTIONAL FEET YOU CAN GET FOR YOUR MACHINE ALONG WITH THE PRODUCT NUMBER. THE GREAT THING IS THAT AMAZON HAS MOST OF THESE FEET AVAILABLE. MAKE SURE YOU USE THE BOBBINS MEANT FOR THIS MACHINE. THEY ARE A LITTLE LARGER THAN THE STANDARD SIZE CLEAR BOBBIN. THE BOBBIN IS THE EASIEST ONE I HAVE EVER HAD TO LOAD, AND BOBBIN WINDING IS  A SNAP. I HAVE OWNED OVER TEN DIFFERENT SEWING MACHINES, AND NO THAT DOES NOT INCLUDE S.ERGERS, I HAVE OWNED A TON OF DIFFERENT ONES OF THOSE ALSO , THIS IS BY FAR ONE OF THE BEST MACHINES I HAVE EVER HAD. DO NOT HESITATE. IT HAS BEEN CREEPING UP IN PRICE, SO I WOULD GET IT AS FAST I POSSIBLY CAN. THANKS

February 13th 2012

I have now been using this machine for a month, and I keep finding out more wonderful things about it. It continues to sew like a dream, the stitches are uniform and flawless, and there is nothing it cannot do. Do not waste your money on a higher end machine that are only sold through dealers, First of all, what you get, is not worth the money. Plus I was floored when  I found out that some of the high end babylocks,are made at the same place the brother machines are. So basically this is the same machine as the other , one gets one label, the other one get the other label. I saw the comparable machine at the dealer, and I could not find any difference except the label. So save yourselves some money and get the brother. You will be very happy, and save so much money. I hope this helps you. Happy Sewing!!!!"
I just received my new machine and it is really nice.  I haven't done everything on it yet but it is very quiet on high speed and very easy to use. I like the tread cutter and threading the machine was easy.  It took me a few minutes to learn how the auto needle thread work but it was super too.  The bobbin was very easy to thread and I really like the thread cutter saves on thread. My mom own a brother and I have had my old brother for over 10yrs and it still works just decided to update.  Brother is a good machine and I don't think I would go with anyone else. I rate this machine at a 5 star so far. Super nice for the price. Super service for the people at Amazon thanks
"Finally got to test out this machine after all the holiday shuffle. I have sewed before but have never wound my own bobbin, changed a presser foot or needle so I was nervous and intimidated to own my own machine. I still wanted something that had all the bells and whistles that would inspire me to learn and use it often. This is the perfect sewing machine for me. It was easy to read the instructions and begin sewing right away. So easy! I have tried out a dozen decorative stitches including the little alligator and all are very even, neat and cute. The machine is also compact and light while still feeling sturdy.
I love this machine and would recommend it to anyone looking to get a great sewing machine for a great price!"
"I own this machine, it is everything I had hoped it would be.  I have two other machines, but this is my favorite!  I have yet had a problem with it.  It is quite, threads like a dream, love the see through bobbin case, and I love that the thread spool is covered and protected from dust.

It has so many stitches that I may never use them all, but the ones that I have used always look great and the decorative stitches look better than some I have seen from a much more expensive machine!

If you are on the fence about buying this machine, go ahead and take the plunge!  You will love it and will want to sew more than ever and the price Amazon has it for is a great price, I paid quite a bit more for mine!"
"The sewing machine was shipped to us in great condition with all parts. Wish the info would have shown that it included a case, it didn't so we bought one separately and had to pay to return it."
"really like it - lots of stitches, good needle threader, good instruction manual, good on heavy fabrics.  comes with a lot of foot attachments.  only problems are minor - not so great lighting, occasionally have problems with thread tension and needle threader.  also, doesn't work well with heavy thread.  these are problems with most machines, however.  bobbin case seems a little loose - bobbin jumps around with sewing. thread cutter works, but you will have to re-thread machine afterwards. easy to thread and use.  buttonhole function works great.  easy to take apart and clean. feels sturdy and well built.  bobbin winder - a little tricky to do - but there are visual instructions right by the winder.  I got the attachable table with it - that works great.  was shipped quickly and packaged well."
"I absolutely love this machine. The functions on it are fabulous. I love being able to move the needle into 7 different positions. Saves on moving the fabric around. Its strong, powerful, and versatile. I have an older Brother that I wanted to upgrade, and knew there wasn't any other machine I wanted. The functions, the reliability, and the price, all made my decision easy. I did have a problem with the bobbin that others complained about. But contacted Amazon and had another one shipped within hours. Their return policy is unbeatable. I love Amazon and Brother !!"
So many great features.  The manual gives great directions on how to do a lot of the functions.  Beginners should not be scared to buy this for their first machine. Very quiet.
"Just received the Brother PC-420 as a Christmas gift.  It arrived promptly with free shipping, was double boxed, air bagged, styrofoamed and extremely well packaged.
I carefully checked the exterior cardboard box for damage or evidence of any harsh treatment en route before opening.
I've only gotten to play with my new Brother PC-420 a short time before it was wrapped and put under the tree, but it self threaded itself easily, and hummed along in wonderfully perfect straight rows of stitches (which I wanted to check on immediately to make sure it wasn't one of the very few lemons commented upon in the reviews, I would have hated to have Amazon replace it this close to Christmas).
 I've done a lot of research and this machine fits my needs perfectly as an experienced seamstress in the ""sewing machines which do not cost half an arm and leg"" price range.  It comes with a cover, enough attachments for normal use,  and has a $30 rebate I have already mailed off.  The rebate info is on the Amazon page, it does not come in your sewing machine box.  I am very pleased with my new machine.

There was a comment from one reviewer about it being made of plastic.  Well, yes it is.  This is not my Grandmothers Singer treadle machine (which still sews, by the way).
Nor is it my old Brother Boutique 761 which the PC-420 is replacing (and yes, the Brother Boutique still sews also).  It's like all the new computerized appliances, it's very sturdy, but there are places you have to be careful of not taking a ham hand too just as there is on your computer."
"This is a fabulous machine. The threading is easy and it can go for hours. I have only used one or two of the ""fancy"" stitches but they are great. The buttonhole stitching is excellent. I bought the table extension which is wonderful. Plenty of accessories. I have made everything from quilts to lingerie and sewn everything from silk organza to wool double knit. I purchased this based on reviews and hey are accurate. Very pleasd with this machine."
"I had been using a basic (and I mean basic) brother sewing machine for a couple of years and the frustration of it made me not want to sew. I was saving for a Viking, but the added features and options this machine offer (at half the cost of a basic Viking) made me change my mind. After getting this machine sewing is a fun past time.

It took a little bit to understand the machine since it is computerized and I was used to a manual/basic machine, but once you understand the basics you only have to reference the user manual for special stuff. I love that it has automatic threading and the bobbin does not catch. I plan to use this machine for years to come. The 3 letter patterns are an added bonus since I wanted to do basic lettering on some of my daughters stuff, but did not want to have to buy a completely separate machine. I would definately recommend this sewing machine and I have already to all my sewing friends. Buy it!! You won't regret it. I know I don't."
"Received the sewing machine in a timely manner.  Owner's manual easy to use. Sewing machine easy to use. Easy to take on and off the different feet.  Button hole attachment very easy to use.  LED light is helpful.  Love the autmatic threader and thread cutter.  Quiet machine, love the different speeds (which I never thought I'd use).  Overall it's as advertised, a great buy.  I am enjoying it immensely."
"I recently bought the BROTHER 420 PRW sewing machine from Amazon.
I own 6 other machines, including Singer, Janome New Home, Brother, Sears and Bicor.
I was impressed with it's ease of use. I don't have to read the owner's manual to start sewing.
It creates wonderful even stitches. I can't wait to use all 294 stitches.
I would highly recommend this machine for the beginner and experienced sewers.
The needle threader is the best invention since sliced bread.
I would buy this sewing machine again without hesitation.
It didn't hurt to buy it for less at Amazon. It was my first purchase from Amazon and though they said it would arrive in 8 days it was at my front door in less than two."
"I bought this for my girlfriend for her birthday.  She had a good deal of sewing experience and was thrilled with all of the features.  Based on what I watched her do after she unpacked it, anyone with basic sewing machine experience will be able to set it up and use within minutes.  My girlfriend actually used the Letter Embroidery feature immediately - and embroidered my name into a piece of fabric.  Mind you, this was within 5 minutes of threading the machine.  So ease of use should be rated very highly.  Otherwise, you'll have to ask the sewing users out there.  As for anyone thinking of buying this for the sewer in the their lives, this will be a greatly appreciated gift.  You will not go wrong her."
"I'm 25 yrs old and have just recently discovered a love for sewing and quilting. This machine gives u alot for the price. It came with a user's guide that was extremely helpful and easy to follow, it came with a hard case and 12 different presser feet, including a walking foot and free motion foot. I've had this machine since April '11 and I've used every single one of them. It's great quality, it's not all plastic like some machines. I was truly a beginner when i made this purchase and I couldn't have made a better choice. It's smooth, quiet, and very easy to learn. Playing with all the different stitches and presser feet is so much fun. If u buy this machine and are new like me I also strongly recommend finding a Brother dealership nearest to u and ask them if they have a class that can also teach u proper care how to use the different feet and all the stitches as well. It's just great for a beginner to learn on and then move into more advanced levels of skill."
"I have been sewing for 10+ years.  I'm not a pro but not a novice either.  I like some of the features of this machine, but it has not been a joy to own.  I feel like you should sit down, smile, and be happy to sew.  But, I don't trust this machine!  Every time I sit to sew, I feel anxious because I know that a) it will take threading the machine multiple times to work,  b) the stitches will change length for no good reason, c) the thread will get stuck and jam the machine, or a new favorite, start making a grinding/barking noise.  I have delayed writing this review because I wanted to read the manual, check and recheck, and still, I feel like it is just a poor product.  The machine feels super cheap to the touch and look.  Perhaps I am used to the 15 yr old Kenmore, but this thing feels like it won't last for 15 months!  I received it February, and I'm sending it back.  Not knowing if you will be able to sew when you have time is not something a busy mom/engineer wants to encounter."
"I love this machine.  It does everything I have ever asked it to do, and it does so easily and without hiccups.  I'm definitely not an ""experienced"" sewer, but I have sewn for years, and I think this would satisfy the beginner as much as a sewer who wants to accomplish more complicated projects.  It is SO NICE to know that when I work on it, I am not going to have to worry about mechanical problems, stopping and starting, or other technical difficulties.  The stitch options are great, the automatic needle threader is the only one I've ever seen that actually works, and the ""push button to start sewing"" situation is actually really great (but if you don't like that, it still has the pedal).  Love, love, love this machine.

Update: 3 years later I still stand by that review! Love this machine!"
"I haven't sewed in many years, so the new features and digital diplays are all new to me.  With that said, this machine is easy to use.  The only difficulty I had was with the automatic threader.  It takes a couple of attempts before it threads. Other than that it's a great little machine! It's also light enough to move around or store."
"I am not one to splurge on expensive products but this was a great splurge.  I have been using a singer prior to purchasing this machine and am amazed I went this long without upgrading.  This machine doesn't need the pedal, that is how great it is.  It is quiet and easy to use.  What sold me was the option of embroidory.  It comes with so much more then the cheap $70.00 singer I had purchased 2 years ago.  So far, I have had no trouble with it."
"I received this machine and it is great! I am using this for quilting and having fun learning to use this machine too!  I also have a Brother CS6000i and love that machine, but I wanted to upgrade and went with another brother machine again. The New machine has so much, for the price it is great otherwise I would be spending a lot more for a machine that has the same functions.. Love the thread cutter when sewing saves on the thread a GREAT MACHINE."
"I'll make this short and sweet -- I love this sewing machine! It's fun to use and works great. I wish the embroidery stitches were larger, and I wouldn't mind a longer stitch length. Overall, though, I'm extremely happy and would definitely make the purchase again."
"My machine just arrived today and I have been playing with it for about 6 hours now. I love this machine. My experience so far is that anything wrong with the stitches is just about the right tool for the right job (right needle, right thread, right presser foot for right fabric and thickness)...and don't use cheap thread!  I can't get over how much I love having a machine that threads the needle for me!  I replaced a 20 year old Husqvarna Viking that was $2,000 in its heyday. It was my mother's, and since I cannot afford to pay that much for a sewing machine, I went looking for a good machine with at least the bells and whistles that I was giving up. I researched many machines and ordered this machine due to reviews and Brother's reputation and immediately started playing with it when it arrived. I'm in love, I'm in love, I'm in love. The machine is smooth, easy to use, runs like a dream - which makes it almost addicting, so, like the person in an earlier review said, 'Housework'? I must sew!

I have tried some of the decorative stitching, and haven't had any problems. I just had to make sure that I was using the right needle/foot etc. for the stitch and the thickness of the fabric. The book has all of the charts for which thread/needle/foot for each stitch and fabric type and notes on fabric thickness.  When I initially started doing the programmed stitches, they weren't turning out.  When I looked in the book, it said to use a ballpoint needle if the fabric was thin.  It was standard 100% cotton (one-ply), this does not scream 'ballpoint' to me, but I changed it to Ballpoint and took the cheap thread out of the machine and it worked. The backstitch is a little slow, but for 3-5 stitches at the end of a run, I'm not really caring. I like the knee lift for the presser foot very much. It comes in very handy for turning corners. I prefer the foot pedal over pushing the button to start sewing and stop sewing, although the button may grow on me. I do wish that having the foot pedal plugged in did not disengage the run button. Sometimes I reach for the button and I have to be reminded by the LCD display to unplug the foot pedal if I want to use the button. LOL. I love the LCD assist! I do find it odd that the easily visible part of the seam guide is in centimeters, and yet the warranty is a US only warranty. This is not a huge drawback, just odd.

A couple of things:  The machine comes with the bobbin threading (loading the bobbin) instructions in the book, as well as a 'Quick Start Bobbin Threading Guide'.  I recommend using the Quick Start guide (and again, no cheap thread from discount stores). It is a little easier to follow when it gets to wrapping the thread around the Thread Guide for Bobbin Winding. Also, the machine arrived without the Zipper Foot which is one of the standard accessories, so check all of the parts. Brother has been generous with the accessories on this one. There is no way I am parting with this machine for even a moment to return it for a zipper foot, so I just contacted Brother and asked them for the part.

This is a nice machine, and I am very happy with my purchase.  Sewing on this is a pleasure.

Update June 2012: I am still having a love affair with this machine.  Not a single real problem and I have spent alot of time sewing with it.  No tension problems, no mechanical issues.  It still sews the same as when I first took it out of the box.  I did run into a slight glitch about 6 months ago.  I was sewing curtains using a brocade that ravels if you look at it.  The fraying got all caught up in the bobbin case.  I easily opened up the case and removed the jam, but was having problems realigning the bobbin casing by looking in the User Guide.  I went back through my documentation and saw that Brother had included a one sheet guide for aligning the bobbin case.  If you need to reinsert the bobbin casing, I would ignore the User Guide and bypass the frustration.  The machine came with a separate one sheet guide that I recommend using.  The book does not give any details on aligning the casing. It took me less than 10 seconds once I found the separate instructions. Still going strong! LOVE this machine!"
"I have had this machine for about 7 months now, and it works WONDERFULLY! I have used so many of the functions, the different feet, and I have never had any issues whatsoever. Instructions are so easy to follow. Everything that I have made comes out great!"
I LOVE my new Brother Project Runway machine!  It sews like a dream and has so many features.  I will be getting my sixth grandchild soon and can't wait to create new things for her using all the features on the machine...very easy to use...and much less than what I would have to pay locally. Thanks Amazon!
"I am convinced that this machine is powered by tiny magical sewing elves that lurk within. There is not other explanation. It sews like a dream, and has features you normally pay hundreds extra for. I don't even know what all the feet do yet, but they are so shiny and pretty! The knee-lifter was a nice surprise, I like it more than I had expected. And I never tire of the auto-threader, drop-in bobbin or auto trimmer at the end. My old Elna workhorse will be gathering dust for now... I saw a refurbished Babylock machine that was IDENTICAL to this one, and even used it was way more expensive!

The only thing I had a problem with (the before noted small text stitches and lighting aren't even issues for me/what I do) is the reverse stitch being reeeeeally slow. Pressing the button or having it set to automatically reinforce stitches, it runs through those stitches like it's on morphine. I tried to find a way to change it in the manual, but gave up and left cookies for the sewing elves instead. Maybe they'll like me and fix that little oddity...

UPDATE- Still stitching away, still love this machine. One thing I learned though was never, ever EVER try to save a dollar and buy knock-off bobbins that claim to fit this machine. Buy the Brother brand and avoid problems. I had some that LOOKED the same and seemed to fit just fine. My thread kept jamming up, and I tossed them. Problem never returned."
"I got my first PC420 at the beginning of May 2011. The thread tension didn't work, so I asked Amazon to replace it. I got a second sewing machine that had exactly the same threading problem. Thinking it was maybe my fault (since this is the first sewing machine I own), I drove one hour to the Brother servicing center. They fixed the problem, but warned me that it may occur again, since apparently the PC series is defective in that regard. Sure enough, it happened again two months later. I'm now returning the machine to Amazon for good and looking for a different brand/model to purchase that doesn't let me down that frequently. I'm glad that Amazon has a fantastic return policy, but I'm really disappointed at Brother for selling a clearly defective series. It's a great sewing machine with plenty of features and accessories and I had fun using it while it worked, but it's too much of a liability for me to keep it. At some point the warranty is going to run out and it will cost me more to keep repairing it and driving one hour to the servicing center than to upgrade to a better model."
"I boutght this machine after my 20 year old Kenmore bit the dust.  The only drawback that Brother could improve upon is that you can not set a default stitch.  I am a quilter and always use the P stitch for 1/4 inch.  A few times, I have forgotten to set the stitch and had to rip out stitches.  Machine is nice and quiet, smooth, easy to change out attachments.  It only took a few minutes to learn how to bwind bobbin and thread machine and I was sewing.  Love the sart/top button and have never used the foot pedal.  This was the only machine I could find in this price range that had the auto cutter feature.  The local Brother dealers I spoke with were a bit miffed that they can't buy and told me that I would have trouble getting it serviced.  After I showed one of them the deal on the internet, she was shockd at how low the price is and told me that if she sold the machine, she could not come anywhere close to the price.  Finally, told me that she would service the machine like any other."
I have five Brother machines and I think this is one of my favorites with the exception of my embroidery machines. Sooo easy to use.
"I am a machine piece/hand quilter. My sewing machine broke. Literally LOL I did all kind of previews tring to decide on a new one. I even called Brother asking for recommendations.(They were so nice and helpful). I went to a dealer and couldn't do the price. I even UTubed machine reviews. I looked at Amazon and found the best price by far! The brother company even told me I was getting a good deal when I told them what I had found. The only problem I had was being patient waiting on my free shipping. I wanted it NOW! Then, it came on the delivery truck! I love it!!! My machine is so quiet. It has so much cool stuff that I am branching out and sewing (stuff) not just quilting. Aprons, pin cushions,skirts, you name it, I want to make it. I am teaching my daughter-in-law to sew and love the beginners simplicity of it. At the same time, it has so many features that I will not be bored for a long time. I have even started a women's sewing class from my home. Thanks Brother for the machine and thanks Amazon for providing the outlet for me to get it at such a good price! Sewing and growing!"
"I've only had mine for a few weeks, so I can't speak to the longevity of the item. My old (extremely old) sewing machine broke, so I took this opportunity to see what was available on the market. What I wanted were some of the features of an industrial machine with the versatility of a home sewing machine. This seemed to fit the bill. I was skeptical about this machine since I read some of the negative reviews; however, the overwhelming number of positive reviews and the Amazon.com return policy gave me the confidence to give this machine a shot.

First off, there are feature on this machine I have only seen on industrial machines previously. The knee lift isn't critical feature; however, I work with some very hard to maneuver, and bulky fabrics, so this has come in handy more than once. Plus when I get into my express sewing mode the knee lift really helps me move along. The auto cut and automatic reverse reinforcement features are also something I was use to using on the computerized industrial sewing machines.

I have seen reviews about this machine not being able to handle bulky fabrics, I have not experience this issue as of yet. I have sewn a few bulky items, the trick (from the manual) is when you start on bulky fabric, or get to a bulky portion of the fabric, is to lift the presser foot off of the fabric, then press and hold the little black button on the back of the presser foot (I used presser foot J) while you lower the presser foot back on to the fabric (this is where the knee lift comes in handy), then continue to sew. This has worked for me so far. If at any point this changes I will post an update.

I don't do a lot of decorative stitching so I can't speak to the quality of those functions.
So far the jackets, blouses, and pants I have sewn on this machine have turned out great. There are days where I have been on the machine for 6 hours, and it has not kinked up yet.

No buyers remorse here! :)"
"After a twenty year love affair with my first Viking, the poor thing died of exhaustion (hundreds of dance recital costumes), so I bought another one.  Fought constantly with the second Viking for twenty years and finally divorced it.  After checking with Consumer Reports and Amazon people reviews, I settled on this machine.  It's so nice to be in love again!  This machine has lipstick prints on it already!

The instruction book looks intimidating, but the machine is very easy to program and use.  I especially appreciate being able to select if I want the needle to stay up or down, the ability to raise and lower the presser foot with the knee lever, and the back-stitch and thread cutter feature.

I bought the side cutter (which makes a sew/serge seam) and table accessory as well - and my old Viking special foot attachments work too! (gathering, bias binding, cording etc.) Did I mention that this machine is quiet?

One last thing - the Brother machines available at Costco and Walmart ARE NOT THE SAME QUALITY!  They're fine for occasional needs, but not for the serious sewer.

Aloha and Happy Sewing!"
"I have had quite a lot to learn about using this machine but it has been worth it.  My previous machine was a wedding gift and ran well for 47 years, but it couldn't handle modern fabrics as well as this one.  I'm glad I made the change!  I'm enjoying learning a few new tricks."
"I have a wonderful older Husqvarna which has been wonderful.  But I wanted to buy fancy feet and they are anywhere from $29 to $100 a piece.  I researched and could get this machine with all the feet I could want for the same amount of money.  It feels like I've had a great old Mercedes but this is a fancy new Minivan with a GPS.  Some of the modern conveniences include the auto threader.  I never realized how useful this would be!  Wow, is it a time saver especially when you start to get bleary eyed.  I also like the monogramming.  It's not the clearest but I like the small size to label things. I've been labeling facings for example with fabric content so I know how to wash them later.  I thought I'd never give up the Husqvarna and convinced my husband I need to keep it as a back-up but I have not wanted to use anything but this PR machine since I got it.  One of the main reasons is that the extra feed dogs really move the fabric through in a more consistent way.  I like the stretch stitches and though I haven't used the button holer, it is a main draw since doing it manually is less consistent.  The only drawback I've found so far is that you can't create a really long basting stitch.  Sometimes I like to go up to 7 on my old machine.  This only goes to a size 5 stitch which isn't all that long when you're gathering, for example."
"I've had this lady for about 5 months. I sew at least 3 or 4 times a week, and I have had zero problems.  My favorite things about this machine (in no particular order)
1)Included walking and quilting feet
2)Came with two owners manuals - I threw away the Spanish version and don't have to mess with opening the wrong end of the book
3)You push a button and the machine cuts the thread!
4)The start/stop button. I have never even plugged int he foot pedal
5)YOu can start the bobbin winding and walk away
6)There's so much more. I <3 this machine!"
"I have never sewn before, and didn't even know what a bobbin was.  I was so excited when my machine came, although I had no idea what to do with it once it arrived.  I got the operator's manual out and it is so easy to read and understand even I, with absolutely no prior experience, could easily follow through the instructions.  I have taken it to two sewing classes and have received compliments from both instructors and fellow class attendees.  I cannot stress enough how easy it is to use this machine.  Although I've only had it a month, I haven't had one problem with it.  The numbers on the machine make it so easy to wind the bobbin and thread the machine.  The digital screen tells you exactly what to do if you get stumped.  There are so many features on this machine; I can't wait to learn about them!  Even though it is so beginner-friendly, it is much more than a ""toy sewing machine.""  I don't usually review my Amazon purchases, but I am so happy with this product I thought it deserved the praise.  (And it is super quiet which I hear is much appreciated by other sewers)"
"After studying all the reviews and visiting a shop to see a couple of the machines and hear them run, I decided on the PC420-PRW.  Amazon shipped it in a good time and as soon as it arrived began sewing (about a month now). I agree with the gal that said it does so much for the price, I am amazed at the technology.  I did have a thread jam problem, but it was my fault and fairly easy to get solved.  I would highly recommend this machine to anyone for quilting or sewing, I mainly bought it for quilting and to travel to classes.  So far I have made a machine cover, backpack purse (and that was a heavy project, but it went right over the heavy seams), leader cloths for the quilting frame and a few quilt blocks.
You will enjoy the thread cutter and the needle threader as well as the ease of use.  The instruction manual is user friendly and explains everything very well. You will also like all the built in designs and the lovely stitches that it creates."
"The machine won't work properly after only 8 months and there are no service centers nearby, the one they did send me to doesn't even handle Brother machines and they do not work on them! They have plastic gears and are a piece of high priced junk.
They want me to drive an hour away to their service center, they do not offer shipping or anything else for their piece of junk, if it breaks and there is no service center close then forget about getting any warranty work."
"After using my mom's old machine that is old than I am, I decided to purchase a machine of my own. I researched for weeks. I went to a quilting convention to look at all the machine displays (and some truly amazing quilts).  I made up my mind 4 different times. Then I found this on amazon. Seeing all the features of a much more expensive machine at this price with all the 5 star reviews, I forgot the others and ordered immediately.

I love it. Absolutely. Positively.  Worth every penny. It's so easy to use and easy to store.  I've had it for about a month and it seems like every time I put it away, I get it right back out again.  I don't feel intimidated by any project because this machine comes with so many accessories, I know that I have the right equipment for whatever I want to do.  Great purchase!!  Highly recommended!!!

UPDATE:  I've had the machine for about a year now and I still love it.  I've made countless purses and wallets, pillows, bags and awesome halloween costumes.  It's only jammed once and I took the whole thing apart only to finally realize that I had threaded it wrong.  LOVE THIS MACHINE!!!"
"I read through countless reviews about this machine, as well as a few others.  I decided on this one because of all of the positive reviews, and I felt safe ordering it through amazon because of their amazing customer service.  I absolutely love it and I know it's something that will be around for a long time."
"Pros: large throat area for quilting, needle up/down option, knee-lift (huge plus, hard to find in a machine under $700.00+), automatic thread cutter, automatic needle threader, super fast and easy bobbin winder, presser foot pressure adjuster, lots of different stitches may seem complicated, but has a great manual and mini cheat sheet, very easy to take out of the box and use.
Cons: wish default needle position was to the center (see below for more info.)

Update 7-23-2011: I still love this machine! I have found only 1 thing I wish was different, and that is when you turn the machine on, I wish it defaulted with the needle in the center. I use a 1/4 inch quilting foot a lot, and when I turn the machine on, and forget to push the stitch setting for centered stitching, when I start to sew the needle comes down on the foot, and bam! another broken needle...I am trying to always remember the minute I turn the machine on to push the centered straight stitch button...but my middle aged memory has forgotten, and I know I have broken at least 3 needles...Other than that, I still must say the only negative I have found is that I am still spending too much time quilting instead of cleaning! The area between the needle and the side (throat area?) is approximately 7 1/2 inches, and I have been able to free-motion quilt a full size quilt fairly easily (other than the fact that I am still learning how to get into a free-motion rhythm, that is user-operated problem, not the machine...) I will say I may be purchasing the Brother PQ1500 in the future, strictly for machine quilting only; and only because it is more industrial, and I don't want to wear out this machine with all the quilting I do...BUT, I will never give up this machine, as it is such a little workhorse! I have several other sewing machines, and some are more expensive, but none are as nice, or do as much as this one does. I would also like to say, that as far as quilting, there are a lot of people, especially in the quilting world, who think you must have a Janome, Babylock, or Bernina brand to really quilt. I say that is rubbish! I really researched before I bought this machine, and I must say that it was usually at least half the price of other so called ""high end brands"" that have far less options on them. Also, I have been told I should have bought local, to get good customer service, blah, blah, blah...which I also disagree with. The 1st machine I received, actually I did have some trouble with the feed dogs on it. I came here to the Amazon website, and did they suggest I send the machine in for repair? NO! They sent me a brand new machine, overnight!!! Now, tell me where else can you get better service than that?!! Bottom line, its a great machine, great price here on Amazon, and Amazon has great customer service! Now I am off to make more quilts...er, clean...

Update 10-13-2011
I still love it!! I did go ahead and buy the Brother PQ-1500...and it is a great industrial machine, does a straight stitch only, and is strictly being used by me for free motion quilting. That being said, I could also use it to piece my quilts, and for any other straight stitch sewing...I have used it some for that, but I find myself going back to my PC-420 more often than not...I also must say that my little 420 also does the free motion quilting just as nice as the industrial machine! I just didn't want to wear it out with all the quilting I do...but, as I love it so much I guess if I wear it out I'll just have to buy another!!

Update 03-30-2012
Still using both my PC-420, and PQ-1500, still love them both, and continue to highly recommend both to anyone who wants a great sewing machine! For a beginner or a seasoned pro you can't go wrong with either of these machines! Of course the PQ-1500 is an industrial straight stitch only machine, so I use it for quilting, and sometimes for quilt piecing. The PC-420 has so many great stitches, I still have not used even half of them...Lastly, at my local quilting group meetings there are now a few others who have gone out and purchased this Brother machine. I guess seeing how great a job it has done for me finally convinced them that the money they saved can be used to buy more fabric!"
"I'm a 36 year old crafter that just graduated from a 3/4 size Hello Kitty (yes, Hello Kitty) sewing machine to this machine. It's perfect for the newly achieved intermediate status sewing machine user! It's easy to use, has a wonderful number of stitches (compared to my previous machine that has only about 16 stitches), and is so incredibly quiet! I love love LOVE this machine! It's much bigger than I expected, and compared to what I'm used to, but that's fine - it's a fantastic machine!"
"I have had this product 2 weeks and am totally satisfied.  I researched this machine and found Amazon by far had the best price.  I received it so quick I could not believe it.  I highly recommend the PE420 as it has all the features of other machines costing thousands.  I have found through the years you cannot go wrong with Brother products. Also, I always check with Amazon before ordering online, as if they have it and usually do, it will be the best price."
"I'm self taught and only been sewing for a few years.  This is a dream machine.  There are amazing features, stitches, etc.  I don't quilt, embroider, or use overlock but would like to try using my new machine (after I get through my current projects). I saw reviews about the Monogramming script being too small, it works for what I want to do.  It came with several extra feet and attachments.  No need to order a separate case the hard cover it comes with is perfectly fine.  I prefer to use the optional foot petal but must confess I enjoy the foot free start/stop sewing feature that is also available.  Easiest thing to thread, easiest bobbin threading, litterally drop in and your done.  Had it for two months and already made 3 baby blankets, 2 sets of curtains (4 panels each), several skirts for my teen daughter and summer tops for my neices."
"As a lot of other reviewers have already said, this is a fabulous machine. It's easy to use while still providing enough options to challenge and educate a learning sewer. It operates smoothly and quickly and doesn't balk at thick or demanding fabric. I had been using a 30-year-old machine, and so the leap to a computerized machine that cuts my thread, threads the needle, and can remember hundreds of preprogrammed stitches was exhilarating. There isn't much of a learning curve as long as you familiarize yourself with the manual and are willing to use it from time to time. One thing: Do not read ""decorative stitching"" and think ""embroidery."" This machine will give you a taste for embroidery, but it is not, of course, a true embroidery machine.

I highly recommend it to anyone wanting a reliable machine at a good price."
"Bought this new for my wife on Amazon Marketplace for an insanely low price.  She was working with a 25 year old Kenmore and was mezmerized with this machine.  The features of this machine have been well-documented, and I won't bore with repetition.  I don't sew, period.  But I spent a couple hours with the machine and the manual.  The manual is explicit, fantastic, and covers all the bases.  You don't even have to open the manual to know how to wind and insert the bobbin and thread the machine -- the instructions are on the machine.  The autotension feature produces perfect stitches.  Stitch selection and stitch settings are a breeze.  Illumination is excellent.  Great accessory storage.  Even cuts the thread when you're done.  The only conceivable advantage to the Kenmore is all-metal construction (I only worry about this with respect to the lever that lifts the foot, but there's a 25 year warranty on parts) and the free arm is of smaller circumference.

I might just take up sewing."
"Just finished my first project on my new Brother.  It was great!  The letter stitches are tiny and I'm not sure what they would be useful for, but everything else is wonderful!"
"I read a lot of reviews for a lot of machines, and for the money, this one is as good as you can get. I am mostly a clothes seamstress, so I am reviewing from that perspective. I used it for a dress for a friend's birthday, and was able to use the letters to embroider a care tag for the garment. I also used it to add a mock blanket hem to a polar fleece jacket. I bought the optional binding foot, which I have never used, even on my old machine, and except for the beginning part where I was getting the hang of the operation, am happy with the end result. I would highly recommend this machine. About the only thing I haven't figured out whether or how to do is make the machine leave the needle down when it stops. I hope it does have this feature, but there is a button that you can press to put the needle down. It just happens one stitch later than you might want I've found."
I read the reviews on multiple website and all were positive. This is a great buy for fashion desingers like me! endless design possibilities with the quailtiy prodcut. great for beginers to. Very thankful!
"So far, I love this sewing machine.  I have altered my daughter's silk wedding gown and sewn new chair covers from heavy cotton velvet.  The machine worked equally well on both and went from silk to the velvet with no adjustment from me -- just a change to the walking foot for the velvet."
"I thought I loved this machine when I got it for Christmas. It is full of all kinds of wonderful features, sews easily and guide the fabric through smoothly. But I have one pretty major complaint - the needle plate markings feature centimeters! The 1/4"" and 5/8"" markings are way in back or way in front, making them very difficult to use. At first I didn't worry about it because I thought I would buy the seam guide featured in the product catalog, but now I know there is no seam guide that works with this machine. I'm trying to contact Brother and the seller to see if there's any way to fix this. Straight seams and good markings are important to me and right now all the other fancy features don't really make up for this deficiency. Before you buy this one, consider this and see if you can find a solution.

Maybe I should have just bought another Singer. I hate metric."
I agonized over a sewing machine purchase. I am by no means an experienced or professional sewer...but this machine makes me feel like one! I wanted a few certain things. Needle down. Free arm. A larger throat space. I also thought it would be fun to have some creative choices with stitches. Boy does this machine fit the bill. I still have no idea what I am doing but I am having a lot of fun trying! This is a good machine for the money...In fact I think it is worth a lot more than it costs.
"I purchased the Brother PC420PRW sewing machine on Amazon after a lot of research, & have been so pleased I have recommended it over & over to friends & family. It is a little pricey, but compared to similar models from Singer, Bernini, & Kenmore, it has the most features for the least price. It seems very well built and durable, no problems at all. It's extremely user friendly, especially for novice sewers, but comes with all the bells & whistles you could possible want as a more advanced sewer. It comes with dozens of accessories, & convenient features like easy bobbin spooling, needle threading, as well as a knee bar to lift the presser foot (comes in handy with quilting). So for it has been perfect for all the basic projects I use it for (home decor, pillows, quilting, embroidery, etc...). It performs great with more difficult fabrics like super delicate silks, organza, and even heavier leathers. It will definitely be all you need, unless you are a full-time seamstress. The warranty is fantastic, and I highly recommend purchasing from Amazon due to their 30 day no questions return policy. Also took advantage of the free shipping, and received it in two days over the Christmas holiday weekend! Doubt I will ever need to purchase another machine.

(The reviewer was compensated for posting this review. However, the opinion stated in the review is that of the reviewer and the reviewer alone. Further, the reviewer independently selected this product to review and has no affiliation with the product maker/distributor, Amazon or the review requester.)"
"After I read other reviews of this product I decided to get it.  The one thing that made me purchase it was people said it went through thick fabric easily.  So far, it really does do this.  I could not afford a true industrial machine.  I was worried it would not live up to what people said about it, but so far so good.  I am really happy with it."
"I can not believe how much I enjoy this sewing machine.  I have had it for one month.  My old machine was so noisy and I was always having to fight with it, to sew anything.  That machine finally broke in the middle of a project.  My DH said to just get a new one and after reading all of the reviews, we decided on the Brother PC-420.  I am so glad that we did.  It is QUIET to operate.  Everything I have made so far has been a joy to make.  We have had fun creating our own new stitches.  DH helped me in designing a repeating butterfly and also a simple airplane.  When I see something sitting there by the sewing machine, I no longer get a knot in my stomach thinking oh, no someone needs something fixed.  Now I am actually looking forward to sewing!!  It had one feature that I didn't think was any big deal, which is the automatic thread cutter.  Yet, that is one feature I have used over and over and really like.  I would highly recommend this machine to others."
"I sew herbal pillows daily & needed an upgrade from my old Kenmore, so I bought the PC-420 Brother from Amazon. Glad I did, as it is a HUGE improvement over my old Kenmore (which also had great reviews, but is a dinosaur compared to this Brother).... and yet, the PC-420 does have a few negatives you need to be aware of.

BIG HINT ~ buy as many REAL Brother made bobbins as you are allowed to purchase from Amazon, as any other 'similar' plastic ones will cause you much frustration & due to the sensitivity of this machine, will jam thread up quickly. I wanted to order more, but Amazon would only let me purchase a limited supply.... your plastic bobbins may look nearly identical, but trust me they will NOT work properly on this machine.

I personally found the extra presser foot lever to be a silly, unnecessary addition that only gets in the way....if you are lifting the foot, you are probably turning your fabric, so your hands are involved anyway. Also tried the on/off sewing button & didn't care for that either. The foot pedal gives you more instant control.

I really wish Brother had included the extra large, plastic sewing surface along with this machine, instead of its basically useless, plastic cover. Wow. For $60 extra dollars, I say go ahead & buy it, but to me, they would have done their customers a huge service by switching these items out.

For pillow strength, I use the 'triple stitch' or stretch stitch on my products. ALL the stitches of this machine are very nice & uniform, but using this particular stitch makes sewing very, very slow, unfortunately.

Due to it being a highly sensitive machine, you also must have some patience & a bit of mechanical acumen, because you will spend some time unscrewing the housing piece to clear tangled thread from inner parts, as well as taking apart the bobbin shuttle & cleaning it out so that the machine sews properly (Brother did not include a decent tool brush for this, so I use my old Kenmore brush to perform this task, & it works well). At least getting into the bobbin area is relatively easy, as the top plastic piece just pulls out & snaps back into place. No screws.

The auto thread is a great time saver of course (just make sure your needle is all the way up & in position to receive thread... I was pretty slow at realizing why I was having so much trouble). The automatic snipping of your top & bottom threads is also terrific & definitely saves on thread, although on my machine, it still leaves a good inch of each (any one know if this is normal)?.... plus it doesn't cut threads clean all the time.... again, you need to constantly get inside & clean out your bobbin/cutter area, as threads tend to want to stick & jam things in there.

The design of the PC-420 is sleek & professional looking (don't know why so many manufacturers want to make their machines look like cutesy, little girl sewing machines with color & swirls, etc.)... so it looks good just sitting there when not in use. Threading is easy & fast.... machine is sturdy & solid, though not heavy, so it's great for portability... the computerized stitch window is also easy to understand & work, although the little embroidery letters are just okay, nothing more, so don't think you're going to do a lot of good looking personalization embroidered names with this. On the other hand it has a great stitch selection, & really, the stitches again are very, very nice & uniform.

Due to the fact that I sew professionally for my business, & the Project Runway is not designed to be industrial, I should have probably invested in a much more expensive sewing machine, but if you are a beginner or advanced home sewer, I honestly think you will be pretty happy with the Brother PC-420, as all in all it is a well designed, solid little work horse.

ANOTHER HINT: Do invest in fine grade thread, as I believe whole heartedly that even average priced thread can really slow you down if you sew constantly. And don't even think of using cheap, big outlet store thread on this particular machine! Believe me you will be less than happy with your results. Hope this helps!"
This machine is fantastic!  It is so easy to use. Not like the older model computerized machines.  And it is so quiet! I have been using a 30 year old Kenmore so it's nice to get something a little more advanced.  The only reason it does not get 5 starts is because the alpha numeric stitches are pretty small.
"I already had this at the top of my list of potential machines when my 25 year old Kenmore finally froze up beyond repair (I was so happy I could cry) and decided to take the plunge.  Been using it non-stop for a couple of months now, and have found it a complete joy to use.  It is blissfully silent compared to my old beast, which makes naptime sewing much less risky.  The embroidery/monogram feature has been complete fun to play with!  I adore adding special embellishments to the collars and hems of garments.  The letters of the monogram, although small, are perfect for making nametags to add to clothes.

The only real downside I've noticed so far is purely a personal aesthetic issue - I hate the light, flimsy foot pedal.  After years of a sturdy metal pedal, it is a minor annoyance.  I should just give the start/stop button another chance, but I'm still stuck in my ways for the time being.  I'll probably just replace it with a different pedal.

The final thing that confirmed my choice of this purchase when I was researching - on numerous sites beyond this one, you do NOT find people complaining that they have already had to take it in to be serviced.  If there are such reviews, I have not yet found them.  That is what clinched it for me."
"I love this machine.  Years past I was a prolific sewer, but the machine I've used for the last 12 years was such a pain in the neck, I became discouraged and gave up sewing.  Iam back. This machine is great, it has a nice straight stitch, which my costly Kenmore could not seem to produce despite trips to the repair shop.  It humms along doing precision stitching. Anymore I might say would only reaffirm what others have said.  I'll only add the Amazon offers the best price and service for this machine that I was able to find."
"I purchased this machine to replace my ""beginner"" machine: I don't have heaps of time to sew, but I wanted lots of functions for the times when I did.  Also, I had graduated to ""intermediate"" level sewing projects and my simple refurbished machine just didn't do enough.  Thanks to reviews on this site, I purchased and have been delighted with the Brother PC-420.  It comes with a wide array of presser feet: zipper foot, zigzag foot, applique foot, even a walking foot for quilting! I think the machine embroidery functions (lettering especially) are a little ""rough"" but functional. You'd have to buy a much fancier machine to get perfect machine embroidery, though.  And what you do get is outstanding. It has a thread cutter and needle threader, functions associated with much more expensive machines. I have used all the feet except for the blind hem foot and they all work great.  Computerized stitch choices are varied and excellent.  Computerized thread tension calculator really takes the pain out of using different kinds of fabric.  I've used the walking foot for quilting, and it's great!  Don't bother using the tiny included brush to clean the inside of the machine - use your vacuum to get all the fuzz out.  Great value, lots of fun, comes with a hard cover, what else do you need :)"
"I am a die-hard fan of vintage metal sewing machines.  I have a Singer Featherweight 221 that is my ol' reliable, but it doesn't do anything but a straight stitch, so I got some cute 60's and 70's Singers that were on-again, off-again.  The cost of repairing those cuties was getting to be a pain, plus I was sick of them crapping out in the middle of a project, so I started looking around for something new.  I was not going to get a computerized machine as I was totally against the idea, but after reading all the reviews on this one, I decided to try it.  I AM SO GLAD I DID!!!!  I love, love, love this machine!  I've had it for a few months now, and haven't experienced one single problem.  I now feel so spoiled with an auto thread cutter and super easy touchscreen.  There are oodles of cool stitches that you can even loop together for more possibilities, perfect buttonholer (never made one before until this machine--was too afraid but these are a cinch!), adjustable speed with a start/stop button on the machine (haven't even hooked up the pedal cuz this is much easier), and you can drop the feed dogs for free sewing.  This machine came with some weird graph paper that I later realized is for making your own stitch patterns.  You can come up with a design and program it into the machine!  I haven't done that yet, but I plan on making a tiki, a chicken (have pet chickens that rule), etc, etc, the creative juices are endless on this machine.  Plus, it's a sturdy, heavy weight like a vintage machine and runs quiet and smooth.  The ONLY thing I don't like is it's harder to see the measurement of your seam as you're sewing since it's behind the needle and for me this is harder to figure out.
The machine comes with oodles of attachments which mostly store neatly in a box that's attached to the front of the machine.  It's very convenient and not clunky at all.  Great manual that is easy to understand.  Comes with hard plastic cover.
So now my poor vintage machines are all gathering dust, even my featherweight.  They're cute, but I love my PC420!"
"This was my first new sewing machine in almost 40 years, so I was a little overwhelmed by the features.  I couldn't imagine the need for 13 feet, but after using the special ones for overcasting and blindstitching, I have to say they really are helpful.  You could practically watch TV while overcast stitching (NOT a good idea in reality.)  I've onlu finished one project but everything has worked right out of the box with no adjustments so far.  The automatic needle threader is a dream for those of us in bifocal land.  I'd say this is a great value."
I use to sew a great deal when the children were small but due to work and involvement in Non-profits I simply did not have the time. I was asked by my Marine's best friend's wife if I would make a couple of toddler and infant outfits to coordinate with the Marine Corp dress uniform so that she could get their pictures before he deployed to Afghanistan.  I was so honored but my 60's model sewing machine was not working very well.  I had just retired so a present to myself was a new machine.  I researched all machine available and found all the 'praise' notes on the PC-420 to be the deciding factor.  I love this machine!  Easy to work with many options available - I just may tackle the quilt I've been wanting to do for quite some time!
"*Update* 9/2014:  Well, the threader finally broke, so I'll have to take it in and get it fixed.  Not a disaster, as I am perfectly cabable of threading a needle manually!  And that ""nesting"" bobbin and eating of lightweight fabrics problems persisted, but I now have a couple of solutions.  First, the tangled mess in the bobbin holder.  Stick with Brother bobbins only, no kidding.  ""Universal"" bobbins will tangle.  As for the ""eating"" lightweight fabrics, I believe that is a servicing/oiling issue.  I investigated the inside of my machine (probably not recommended to do this yourself), and found all sorts of dust bunnies and thread inside the motor case (not the bobbin area, which I dust regularly).  Having worked previously with my 1960 mechanical Kenmore, which is easily ""self serviceable"", the oiling and dusting of this computerized machine was off my radar.  So, after a thorough dusting and oiling, which your local service person can do, the stitches are cleaner, and my lightweight fabrics are not getting torn up anymore (for now!).  Lesson learned.  I am currently considering getting a second PC420 for a small business venture, since I am now well familiar with how it works, and its idiosyncrasies.  I still consider this machine a very good value.  I'm debating whether or not this machine is a ""3"" or a ""4""...

*UPDATE* 2012:  Well, I've now had this machine for a while since my original review.  The automatic needle threader somehow fixed itself (so I didn't need to do a 2nd return), but on occasion the threader still ""jams"" for no reason.  Again, each time fixing itself spontaneously...  Also, the bobbin carrier sometimes freaks out on me and wads up a tangled mass of thread under the needle.  Obviously, that's a problem, especially with light fabrics!  Not something that happens very often, but often enough to mention it.  Additionally, I will say that the feed dogs do need help with heavy fabrics or multiple layers, such as hemming jeans.
Overall, I am satisfied with my purchase, given the price point, and honestly I have friends who have more expensive machines, and they complain about them too...

ORIGINAL REVIEW:  I did a lot of research before buying this machine.  I have been using a 50 year old Kenmore for my home decor and clothing sewing/design.  Therefore, I am used to working with what I have, and being creative with my machine's capabilities.  That being said, I decided it was time get a new, computerized machine that could do things that my ancient machine never dreamed of.  My budget was $400 to $500.  The PC-420 was so highly reviewed that I thought I couldn't go wrong!

Well, my machine arrived and right away it can't do a reliable straight stitch.  It's not a tension issue, so I tried five sizes of needles and three brands of thread.  I call Brother and get customer assistance.  Still, the straight stiches are horrible- ugly skipped stiches and weird loops at intervals on the back of the fabric.  Maybe a timing issue?  So, I do an exchange for another machine.  Amazon, by the way, has a wonderful return policy.  So easy!

Well, my second machine comes and the automatic needle threader breaks on the second use.  The stitches are fine, though...

Hmmm.  Is this machine a good value if it isn't reliable?  Am I just really unlucky by getting two lemons in a row, or will I be using my 25 year warranty on a regular basis?  I'm worried.

A word about some of the stitches that come with the machine.  Many of the decorative and utility stitches are very clean and tight, but some are pretty sloppy looking.  Don't be surprised if you find that you just choose not to use some of them.

If this machine actually functioned properly, I'd give it five stars for value: the number of features it comes with is insane for the price.  I wish I could rate it higher."
"I just got the Brother PC 420 PRW, and am thrilled. It has all the features I need for quilt/sew classes, is lightweight (but not too light) comes with many nice accessories (walking foot, knee lift)

It works great, pay attention to the thread path diagrams, the needle position (left), and the needle threader instructions.

The auto thread cutter is wonderful, as is the start/stop button.

Nice stitches, all you need for quilters. Add the bed extension, it's worth it and stores your knee lift, and fits on the cover when not in use. Easy to carry it all. Monograms are small, but OK for quilt labels!

Features that sold me:
auto thread cutter
knee lift for presser foot
needle up/down & left/right adjustments
start/stop button
sewing speed control lever
adjustable foot pressure
feed dogs drop
walking foot included
quilting stitches, easy to select
stitch adjustments & memory
many defaults are customizable
EASY to carry

Enjoy!"
"I had no idea I was living in the stone age before I got this machine.  WOW is all I can say for ease of use.  The instruction manual is well written and easy to follow.  I always read before I begin and had no problems threading the machine and winding a bobbin. I was sewing in a very short period of time.  The stitches are even and perfect.

Of course I had to try out the decorative stitches although I'm not sure how often I will use them.  That said, maybe now that I have that option I WILL use decorative stitching.

I purchased this machine primarily to piece for quilting.  It's a dream to have an automatic needle threader (that works every time), a thread cutter and a knee lifter.  Those were the main features that made me choose this machine.  I also love the push button on/off and the speed control.

The machine is smooth, quiet, and sounds and ""feels"" sturdy.  No bouncing or shifting.

A complete winner in my book."
I read all the reviews on Amazon and decided this was the right machine. I have been using it for over a month and love it! I am a beginner at sewing but this machine makes it so easy.
"I've been sewing since I was little and just upgraded from a solid, mechanical machine by Singer (which I'd had for 10 years) to this one.  I love all the features!  I've yet to come up with a stitch it can't do or a project I can't complete easily.  I've done a couple quilts, a set of curtains, and two dresses so far.  I like that I can add embroidery to the quilts--a baby's name, the date, my initials, etc.--it feels so professional!

It is easier to master than my old machine and the instruction book is quite useful--mostly I've followed the instructions in the book the first time I did something (automatic buttonhole, blind hem stitch, etc) and then the next time I could do it without the instructions.  I've also taught one of my friends to sew--her first time--and she found the machine easy and intuitive, so I think it's a winner no matter what level you're at, though it's certainly more expensive than a beginner needs.  As a nice bonus, it included all the presser feet (including a walking foot for quilting!) and attachments and other accessories I need."
"I was so nervous about purchasing a sewing machine...It would be my first, and when it came to experience, I basically had next to none. I searched online for weeks reading reviews and consumer reports. I didn't have the time to visit certified sellers, so it was nerve-wrecking to make a decision soley online.
All my research had me believe that this machine would be my best bet...For the price, I figured I could spend a few hundred more (than, say the brother cs6000i) and have a machine that could grow with me and last a lot longer.
I really worked myself up over this, practically bubbling over with excitement waiting for my shipment to arrive. Surprisingly, I was not let down. I love this machine!
I'm still learning and getting a feel of the different sewing patterns and options. I've mostly used the following stitches so far: straight, basting, decorative patterns, lettering, button holes and buttons. But I look forward to getting the most out of the 200+ options available to me as I get better at what I'm doing.
The guidebook is essential, and it is very easy to navigate and to understand.
I broke my first needle last night, and I blame that on my own laziness- For one, I shouldn't have been sewing at 3 AM (but I really just get sucked into it!), and I should have read the manual and figured out how I needed to  adjust for the super-thick stitch I was attempting. I think the only toubleshooting issues I am going to have will be from human error...which is great.
I did sew when I was growing up, but always by hand (and at a whim) - I never learned techniques, terms, etc. This is the perfect machine for a new beginner (as I consider myself to be).
I recommend that you do NOT buy a ""simple"" or ""basic"" machine if you're a newbie! I've found those to be so much more of a pain, and also very limiting. The PC-420 PRW is so easy and versatile - I'm already planning my glamorous fashion career ;)"
"I bought this sewing machine from Amazon 2 months ago to replace my 38 year old Singer Futura that had been a wedding gift.  I am not a professional seamstress but did do a lot of sewing when first married. Simple clothing, baby clothes, aprons, curtains etc.  The Singer still worked but I had been away from sewing for several years and needed some motivation to get back into it again. Boy did this machine get me motivated!!  I have become obsessed with sewing and doing projects I never dreamed of doing before. It is so easy to use, the manual is very clear and easy to understand.  The machine comes with a TON of accessories including many, many different presser feet.  The machine is quiet, sleek, handles all thickness of materials and I LOVE the presser foot knee lifter! I will agree that the onboard machine light is a little lacking but I use an 18 Watt Daylite table lamp for all my crafting and it works great illuminating my sewing area also.

I have made fine lingerie items using delicate tricot and thin liner materials without problem, and also have worked with heavy duty upholstery fabrics which the machine handles with ease after I equip the proper needles, presser feet and adjust tension.  Right now I am making purses and tote bags using heavy fabrics with contrasting vinyls and the machine sails right through them! I can't speak to long term reliability yet since I have only owned it 2 months but so far I have not had a single problem with it.  The auto-threader is a great feature and saves lots of time for these old eyes. Simple and quick bobbin winding.  It took me just a few minutes to get totally comfortable with the basic machine threading and using the LCD screen to view menu options.  I have been playing around with the variety of stitch patterns and lettering.  It adds such a nice custom, finishing touch to your projects.

I pulled out my old White SuperLock Serger and use it side-by-side now with the Brother PC-420 PRW.  I am discovering the fun of sewing again thanks to this machine! I would highly recommend this sewing machine to anyone who wants full featured professional capability at a non-professional price.

UPDATE: 11-26-11
I have owned this sewing machine for 1.5 years now and still LOVE IT!  In fact, I took up quilting just over a year ago and this machine works great for piecing and free motion quilting.  The throat space is a little small for working on really large (queen/king size) quilts but works great for wall hangings, lap quilts, crib size and larger sizes are still possible with a little patience.  I have not had one minute of trouble with the machine so far and have done all my own maintenance by using a mini vacuum to clean out the lint and fuzz in the bobbin/faceplate area and removing the head cover when necessary to pull out any broken threads that get caught in the tension discs.

I know some people report that the automatic threader doesn't work consistently for them, but what I found is you have to make sure the needle is in the uppermost position for the auto threader to work.  The best way to guarantee it works perfectly every time is to just hit the needle up/down button til the needle returns to the up position.  The threader is not designed to work if the needle is in any other position. The machine is very sturdy and quiet when sewing, yet light enough to easily pack up and take to a sewing class.

For the number of presser feet and high end features this machine comes with it is well worth the cost.  In fact with the recent sale price + $30 Brother rebate I just purchased my second machine today!  One will be used exclusively for quilting and the other for piecing or basic sewing. When and IF I ever have to take one to a repair shop for general cleaning/maintenance I will not be left without a machine for 2-3 weeks.  I think this Brother PC-420 PRW model is a fantastic little machine that will give many years great service and will not break the budget!"
"I am very, very satified with this sewing machine. It more than meets my expectation. I have a Babylock Quilter's choice sewing machine at my home in Florida, and needed a new machine for my summer home here in Michigan. I was so surprised when it came because it looked almost exactly like my Babylock and performed the same way. Did all the same things. And it cost me a lot less!! The ordering experience was very good too. It came earlier than promised. I was a little hesitant to buy a sewing machine that I could not try out first and actually see, but I took the risk and it was well worth it."
"I am very pleased with this sewing machine so far.  It is quiet and relatively easy to use.  My only complaint is that the light does not seem to be situated on the machine in an optimum position.  I'm thinking about adding one of those ""stick on"" lights to supplement what is currently on the machine."
"Love it, love it, love it!!!!  I have been sewing for more than 35 years (since I was 9 years old).  I have never had a new sewing machine before.  This one is so easy to use.  The lettering is great.  I have had the machine for 2 months and have already done several projects for family members that wanted something with lettering.  It's one more tool to add to my sewing arsenal.  I have had fun trying out all the different stitches.  I showed it to my sister and now she is planning to purchase one for her 2 daughters that like to sew.  I would recommend this even for a beginner sewer because the Operation Manual is so easy to read.  Threading the machine and filling the bobbin are easy to do on this machine."
"This sewing machine is great.  I have never used a Brother sewing machine before (I've used other brands in the past).  It started out being easy to thread and beginning to sew.  I have already made a skirt and a dress.  My next project is another dress.  The only feature I haven't used that I want to try is the buttonhole attachment.  On my last sewing machine, I could only make one complete buttonhole.  After the first one, I could not make another one.  If this machine makes buttonholes as well as it does everything else, I will be in sewing heaven."
"This is a great sewing machine. I would recommend it to anyone with any skill level. Runs great, relatively quiet and overall a great investment. Awesome features, such as the self threading mechanism. It also comes with an ample amount of supplies. Buyer beware there's a company, [...], also selling this machine. Do not buy it from them. You might end up loosing your money. Not worth the hassle. Amazon is probably your best bet."
"This machine is simple to use. I was up and going in 10 minutes. I thought at first that the knee-operated foot lever would be a pain but it turns out I love it! It a a bit slow and the embroidery size is very limited, but if you are on a budget and are looking for the basics, I would recommend this machine."
"I'm completely in love with this machine. I came to Amazon looking for the PRW model that Consumer Reports recommended and came away with this one instead.  It does SO much so easily and is such a step forward from the sewing machines of my youth.  This is way beyond the Berninas I trained on in the late 1970's - and which, in current dollars, would have cost the equivalent of $9000 (10% inflation rate - actual price was $900).  Regardless of past history or comparisons, this machine is designed to make you happy.

The one thing I will caution you about is please be sure that you test it thoroughly within your 30-day Amazon guarantee period.  Brother's customer service gets a 1 point rating from me.  It would be 0 if 0 were possible.  I did have a short issue with performance because I was test-driving a quilt project that proved to generate an unusually high amount of dust in the bobbin housing.  The solution is to grab your vacuum about once every 4 hours of use and apply it at high suction to the bobbin chamber.  The little brush Brother provides for cleaning is useless.

Otherwise, almost too good to be true - and the price keeps dropping!

UPDATE:  We actually had to send the machine back within a month because it stopped working altogether.  Which does go a long way toward explaining the dropping price."
"This machine replaced my older Brother XR-52, which I thought was a good machine.  However I didn't realize that I had been hand cranking my way through many a project.  Especially heavy seams on denim fabric, which is my fabric of choice, so I do sew on it a lot.  Well, after getting my new Brother PC-420, I found it to go right over a double seam of denim, effortlessly!  The machine is so powerful that it will sew right into a pin causing the pin to bend and go into the undercarriage.  (Not fun to have to get out with pliers.)  So, if you are a pinner, as I am, you have to be very careful that you go over the pins or remove the pins as you go, or this mighty might will sew it right into the machine.  I have found that the machine is somewhat sensitive of dust build up, etc, so if you regularly remove the cover plate and blow out the bobbin carriage, all is great.  One feature that I really enjoy is that fact that everything is internal.  The spool of thread and the thread take up lever are consealed into the case.  This is a great feature when sewing things that are not flat and would come up over the machine.  They don't hang up on anything, because it is all enclosed.  A wonderful feature!  The electronic part of the machine took a bit to get used to, after having the traditional mechanical machine for so many years.  I like how you push a button and the needles goes down into the fabric, then you push another button and it sews in reverse.  Oh, almost forgot, it even has a leg push presser foot lifter adapter.  I usually don't use it, however it would be nice in some applications that require both hands on the project.  I would definately recommend this machine for beginner and novice alike.  I would say that it is a bit much for the only occasional mender, but if you are a sewer, as I am, this is a great inexpensive, up to date, base level electronic machine.  I use my machine to sew mostly garments and accessories, not for other fancy features, so it serves me well!  If you purchase this machine, you will not regret it.  Fantastic value!!  Highly recommended machine."
"Being a freelance fashion designer, this sewing machine has given me a lot of flexibility in terms of the stitches present. However, the only drawback I found is that there are no compatible circular sewing foot. Fortunately I have another machine which does this job.

Else, the machine is fantastic and delivers what it is supposed to do."
"This is a wonderful machine! It is so smooth and quite. It is easy to use and understand, even the electronic display is easy to navigate, my Mom is completely lost when it comes to computers and electronics and even she was able to use this without a problem."
"Originally, I thought I should purchase a Brother sewing machine from a local authorized dealer because of the so-called ""high quality"".  I went in and purchased an NS40 for $425 including tax.  The only other choice was an NS80 for $600.  The NS40 was very noisy, didn't have near the quality or features that this PC420 possesses, as I later discovered.  As I was working on a flannel rag quilt at the time, I found I needed to return to the store and purchase a walking foot for $35.  At this point, I was into the machine plus accessory for $460.  I decided to look on line at Amazon and found the PC420 where I would only have to spend $40 more dollars.  So, after three days, I returned the NS40 and ordered the PC420.

  The contrast in the two machines was like going from the doldrums to ecstasy.  If there were more than 5 stars to rate the PC420, I would give it more than five!  I was in absolute heaven as I began to sew.  The machine is so quiet, it purrs like a kitten.  The automatic needle threader is to die for.  It almost makes me want to re-thread and re-thread just to watch the mechanism.  It is very fun and will bring a smile to your face.  The kicker here is that this machine includes the same walking foot that I had to purchase extra with the NS40, in addition to another quilting foot, plus several more additional pressure feet.  You will be amazed.  I was like a kid at Christmas opening the box and checking out each item that was included -- in addition to acquainting myself with the very user friendly and wonderful features built into the machine.

  The NS40 is a very basic machine, which you may say is all that you need.  But, you should consider paying a little more and purchasing a machine with more stitching capacity and then grow into your machine as time goes on.  This machine is a much higher quality, in my opinion, and will please you no end -- even just for basic sewing projects.  As I did research on line, I discovered a site that recommends the PC420 in this general price range over any other computerized sewing machine.  I urge anyone who is considering purchasing the NS40 to consider this machine instead.  I promise you won't regret the decision.

  I am adding a postcript after using the machine for several flannel rag quilts.  I still love it and would purchase it again, but it is noisier than I initially stated.  The more thicknesses you have under your presser foot, the noisier the machine will be.  I don't mind it, but just thought I should clarify my previous statement.  In addition, the needle threader can be a little touchy.  Sometimes it works like a charm, and sometimes not.  Just make certain your needle is totally straight -- not bent at all, and then down in the lowest position.  It will usually thread -- but sometimes I still do it by hand.  I had an auto threader on my Viking that was also touchy as well.  The repairman stated that auto threaders are kind of headaches -- but work great, if they work!!"
"I haven't sewn in ages and recently decided to start up again and take on some projects.  I got this machine after much research and it has been great.  Of course I've only been playing with it for a day or so but so far what a big difference from my old basic model brother.  It has so many great features and the machine is so quiet and sews evenly.  Luckily I was able to find one in stock at a local sewing shop and the store owner said that he has been selling a lot of these lately and that it is a great deal for the price. Highly recommended for the price, believe the reviews."
"I recently purchased the Brother PC-420 solely based upon the reviews here on Amazon.  My old Singer was 35 years old and needed a trip to the repair shop almost everytime I used it.  I wanted a dependable, basic machine and didn't want to spend $1,000 since I'm not an expert seamstress.  On my old machine, I only used straight stitch and zig-zag, but I knew I would branch out to new things if I had a machine that would not ""mess up"" everytime I started sewing.  I've only made one simple piece with the new Brother machine, but I was quickly able to do straight stitch, overcast stitch, monogramming, and decorative stitch.  I forced myself to read the manual BEFORE even attempting to thread the machine.  The auto-threading needle is awesome!  So far, I've found it to be everything (and more) I wanted.  Not only will I enjoy using it, I'm sure I'll save money by not having to take pants and skirts to the alteration shop to have them shortened.  Time will tell, but my first impressions are VERY favorable!"
"I did my research for buying a new sewing machine over several years....When my old Necchi showed signs of imminent demise I chose the Brother PC-420 PRW as having the features I wanted most for the amount of money I had to spend.

This machine does not disappoint!! I love the self-threading feature and the top-and-bottom auto thread cutting. After a little time spent with the exceptionally thorough manual I was able to try different stitches--my first project just happened to include free-motion quilting with nylon thread and I had no problems at all.

I have two minor complaints....the monogram feature produces such small letters as to be useless for anything other than handkerchiefs, which saddened me. And the machine does not have enough interior light for my aging eyes.

Looking forward to trying out more stitches and feet, I quickly realized that this machine had all of the features of older, mechanical machines but with about a hundred times more ease and accuracy--PLUS the features I mentioned above! I prefer using the foot pedal, but I have options to use the knee control or even the button on the machine itself....which opens up a lot of possibilities I never had on my older machines!

FAST FORWARD TO 2012...Well, I still love my PC-420PRW but the buttonhole feature has ceased working altogether and I've had some other issues that sprang up as the result of my trying to fix what ailed it. Thankfully, I kept my Nechhi, which makes fair buttonholes, but it's a bummer to have to haul it out to make buttonholes. I tried to get the Brother fixed, but with no authorized repair person within 60 miles, I just gave up. I've even thought about buying a SECOND machine, but decided that was silly, so I just cope with things as they are. I still like the machine, strangely."
"My 5-star rating is not for the machine, rather Amazon's amazing customer service in its return.  I received PC-420 PRW just a few days after I had ordered it from Amazon (I selected them from a list of sellers). Amazon's original shipment was estimated at 3 to 5 weeks. Pretty great delivery considering I also received free shipment. When it arrived, the box was in great shape with no obvious signs of distress. But...upon opening it, it looked like someone had tried to take the machine out of it's tight packing and broke it's handle. Then they tidied things up a bit but forgot to put the manual back in, so placed it haphazardly back on top of everything before resealing the box. Rather than find out what else had been tampered with I resealed and requested a return from Amazon. Less than 18 hours later, UPS was at my door ready to pick up for return to Amazon. This is amazing stuff for 2010!! I buy a relatively expensive machine with no haggle at a steep discount, get free shipping, am unhappy with the product when it arrives, request a refund with no haggle and get it picked back up at my door less than 18 hours later.  Whatever you do, look for whatever you want to buy from AMAZON first! It may arrive in unexpected condition but you can purchase without fear or anxiety because Amazon will make it right. Amazon is good business - and that says a lot in present day USA. It's getting harder and harder to spend money these days but when I do, it will only be with companies like Amazon."
"Alright, so it's been awhile since I last used a sewing machine (Probably Home Economics in Middle School).  Regardless, I needed a machine and this looked like a pretty good buy.  It arrived yesterday and was really easy to unpack.  There are only two things that plug into the machine itself so it's really easy to set up.  One was the power cable and the other was the foot pad.  Next, I decided to thread it, and even that was really simple.  The user manual has pictures and detailed explanations so it wasn't hard to figure out.  The machine also has pictures molded into the plastic next to relevant sections of the machine so you don't even need the manual after you initially figure out how to thread it.  It even has this amazing device that you pull down on to thread the needle.  So easy!  There are lots of cool little accessories that came with it too.  I was really pleased with the set up.

I wasn't too worried about setting it up, but I knew I was going to be extremely rusty at actually using a machine. Turns out I was worried over nothing, because this machine works well when it's going fast or slow.  When I first started I was going a little slow and I was worried that I'd get off my line, but fabric guides through this machine so effortlessly.  After half an hour, I had the foot pedal pushed all the way down and was cruising through my project.  I finished my project in about four hours with no hiccups. (It was a really big project too!) I'd recommend this machine to beginners, anyone who is rusty, and even people with a lot of experience.  This machine can be really fast and it has so many different types of stitches you can do!  Also, it's Project Runway.  Who doesn't love Project Runway?"
"Even though this was not the same model that I had been trying to find, it has performed flawlessly, and has the features we wanted (and more). It arrived on schedule in perfect condition. I could recommend it to anyone needing an easy to use machine."
"I found this to be a wonderful machine, a miracle, and I was in love with it for the first few hours. When it hopelessly locked, with no thread jam to explain it, I was quite upset. The machine was useless and would not sew. The Brother website was difficult to sort out, but it offered only the advice to check for a thread jam and, if that didn't work, take it in for service. The nearest service facility was one hour's drive from my home and this was a brand new machine! I emailed Brother and 4 days later received a response with the same advice.
  I called Amazon customer service. Within 2 minutes a new, replacement machine was on the way and a UPS mailing label for return was ticking out of my printer! The new machine arrived in 2 days!
  I beleive the first machine I received was defective...which can happen to the best of items from the best of companies. No problem. When it worked, this was the best sewing machine I've ever used. I gave it 4 stars rather then 5 only for the frustrating customer service at Brother.
  The lesson here is: always buy at Amazon! Great response...great service!"
"I recently upgraded from a very simple Singer Esteem, and I absolutely adore this machine.  It is easy to use and saves me a ton of time - the automatic securing and thread cutter are more wonderful than I could have imagined.  I know I have a ton to learn about what this machine can do, but I was able to use it for everything I need right away.  I haven't had a single hiccup yet.

Things like how to thread the machine and wind the bobbin are clearly shown directly on the machine, making it very user-friendly.  They really have created a well thought out machine, with little extras everywhere to help make each sewing task more convenient (like thread cutters in all the right places).

I am just floored constantly at the awesomeness of this machine, especially coming from a non-computerized, very simple model.  I am extremely happy with my purchase and would not trade it for anything.  I debated a long time between this and the less expensive model, and am so happy I chose this one."
I love it! One of the best machines I have ever used! Well worth the money!
"After seeing the demo for this baby [...] I knew I had to have it.  I already had a beautiful antique Brother sewing machine (think of the old metal Singers, but green and much prettier), but it only did a straight stitch,  I had been looking for something a little more versatile.  The thing that really sold me on this machine was the automatic thread slicer and the adjustable presser foot pressure (that's becoming a scarce feature on modern machines).  I called several dealers in the area, but when I mentioned the word Brother they got all snobby and said that was Wal-mart brand and they don't carry or fix ""those thangs"".  Of course they sell Baby Lock which is made by Brother, but they didn't say anything about that.  So, I ventured onto Amazon and made my first purchase here... free shipping was awesome, and the price of the machine was right on par with HSN and Ebay.  This machine is nothing short of amazing.  It's quiet and powerful.  It's easy to use, and comes with a huge assortment of presser feet.  The automatic needle threader actually works.  The start stop button, throttle control slider (which can also be set to control stitch width AWESOME), needle up down button, and auto thread slicer all work together to make this one of the best machines for the money to be found.  Stitch quality and consistency are perfect.  I can't imagine ever wanting anything more from a sewing machine."
"I am in love.

I was hesitant to drop so many bucks on a sewing machine.  My past machines have included thrift store scores or freebie curbside machines.  Always metal, and circa the 60s or 70s they did their job and were large and in charge, usually with a tabletop.

I thought about this Project Runway machine for several months and researched quite extensively.  I originally wanted the model suggested by Consumer Reports but I really don't have a need for extensive embroidery or quilting.

I sew many materials, but I mainly sew leather bags.  That's right, leather bags!  My trusty metal singers could sew through anything, and I was scared to part with it.  But guess what - This Project Runway Brother machine has sewn through some of my thickest leather with no qualms.  In fact, I must say the stitching looks evener and more professional.

I have more space!  And I can pack this puppy away in the closet, so it's not always out taking up precious NYC Studio space.  I do miss the tabletop at times for larger projects but there is an extension available for purchase once I have some extra cash.

For the record, I have been using it the machine now for 2 months.  The thread cutter and automatic threader, a dream.  I wish I upgraded to a more modern machine months, ago.  It's those little things that just make life that much easier."
"I purchased this machine in November.  It replaced a 36 year old clunker (not a Brother)so you can imagine that this machine is like being in sewing heaven to me.  Everything I have used it for so far has been amazing and fun.  I love the self threading feature and the fact that you don't have to run it with a foot pedal.  I love the programming feature - awesome.  For the cost, it is a great bargain.  There is one little feature that frustrates me and that is the fact that there is only two sizes for monogrammed letters - small and large.  I would love to have a choice of sizes but I imagine to get this feature I would have to move to a more expensive model.  I can live with this.  If you are looking for a versatile, easy to learn to run machine - I highly recommend the PC-420 PRW."
"This machine is incredible - does all and more than I expected.  Operation is flawless and features are wonderful - although I have only used it for a month and know there is much I haven't even tried yet.  I received the machine in a very timely manner and all was exactly as described, as I have grown to expect from Amazon."
This is sewing machine that I have wanted for a long time.  It was well worth the wait.  It's ease of use and quietness make sewing fun again.  The theading through the machine is soomewhat a bother as you must hold the thread but certainly not outrageous.  I look forward to learning more about it's use.
"No disappointments whatsoever.  Delivered as priced, functions as described. Lives up to Brother's user-friendly, reliable reputation.  Highly recommended."
"After thoroughly exhausting my cheapo machine from college I was ready to upgrade to a newer sleeker model. This Brother came with everything that I was looking for and more. The stitch selection is amazing and compares to models twice the price. I love the knee lift for the presser foot. This frees up my hands for turning a piece while sewing. It takes a little while to get used to, but then is a fantastic time saver. The motor is quiet and quick. I never have to have scissors nearby for cutting the thread while threading or for cutting off at the end. With just a push of a button the machine cuts both the upper and lower threads at the end of a stitch. Amazon includes a walking foot, which was another reason for buying from them since this attachment is fairly pricey if bought separately. All in all a fantastic machine."
"I purchased this machine to replace my ancient Singer sewing machine.  My old machine is from the 80's and has about 5 stitches total, so this was a big upgrade for me.  I have never sewn on an electronic machine before.  I did have to read the manual before I began, and I have to reference it every now and again.  All in all the machine is very intuitive and easy to use.  I like not having to use a presser foot to operate the machine, and the auto thread feature is life changing for me!  The stitch selection is pretty awesome and in the future I can create my own stitches.  I really have no complaints.  This machine looks nice, operates well and should be able to handle all my sewing needs for a long time to come."
This is a great little machine for the price.  It has many features a much more expensive machine might have and more. I love the built-in scissors feature because I do a lot of paper piecing when I quilt. I have been very pleased.
"I have done some very basic sewing in the past, but was asked to create some costume items for my husband, and decided that I needed something better than my little ""Tiny Tailor"" which is good for hemming cuffs and mending seams.  I spent a week looking at various reviews and information, and while I was originally looking at the 'little brother' to this machine, the Brother 210-PRW, the 420 had such glowing reviews that I was truly torn.

I knew I wanted to invest in a good machine that was going to last me for a long while, especially if I really started getting into sewing, and so with my husband's blessing, I took the plunge and paid $80 more for the 420.  I needed it right away, and so as an Amazon Prime customer, I paid the extra $4 to get one day shipping.  There was a notice that it might take an extra day or two processing, but after placing the order before noon on a Friday, I got a shipment notice that very afternoon, and FedEx brought it to my door a bit before 11 the following Monday (today).

After taking some time to read through the first couple sections of the manual, I was able to unpack the machine, plug it in, fill a bobbin with thread, load it, and thread the machine to start sewing.  The automatic threader and the bobbin thread that is automatically pulled up made this machine a cinch to get started with.  And then I sewed some simple seams.  This machine is a dream!  It's very quiet compared to my memory of older machines, and the start/stop button and speed control make it a breeze, even when I'm just getting going and relearning the tricks of using a machine (which I hadn't done in 10+ years).

I would highly recommend this machine to someone who is new to sewing, but really intends to get into it and wants a machine that will be fun and easy to use, as well as sturdy and capable of sewing through thicker fabrics and multiple layers (I've been sewing fake fur today).  This machine comes with several types of presser feet, 4 bobbins, numerous accessories like a second spool pin and twin needle, an eyelet punch, two screwdrivers for changing presser feet and the plate, a cleaning tool with brush, and a hard shell cover."
"I was holding out for the Innovis model, but nobody sold it in town and you can't buy it online.  After tons of research I opted for this one - especially because the price was so low at Amazon!  I splurged on the 2-day shipping for my birthday and it arrived THE NEXT DAY!  It has so many features, tons of stitches, very user friendly, comes with its own hard case...just a fabulous machine.  I've made 4 projects so far with no issues.  I will say that on arrival the needle-threader didn't seem to work, but the next day it worked fine - go figure.  My favorite feature is the knee lift.  [...]  No reason not to buy it, and the best price is at Amazon."
"I considered many different options but narrowed it down to three Brother models--a basic, one step below this, and then this one.  I really went back and forth over it.  I chose this one because of the increased functionality, with the reasoning that I should never need to buy another machine.  This one does everything I could want to do.

I am not an experienced sewer, but with the manual, I got my bobbin wound, needle threaded, and was stitching along in no time.  It is easy to adjust the stitch type, length, tension, etc.  I love the stop/go feature and haven't even used the foot pedal.  The knee lift is a really nice option for slidy or walky fabrics.  I love how I don't have to bring up the bobbin thread or worry about the machine sucking the thread down into itself and causing a thread jam.

There's nothing I don't love about this machine and I recommend it wholeheartedly, both for a novice and an experienced sewer.  My mom has a high-end Viking and this one has some great features that hers doesn't.  Amazing utility for such a low price.  Definitely don't hesitate to buy this!"
"This a nice machine. I read the manual through once and was able to sew on it with confidence. I usually have trouble getting used to a new machine. It's very quiet and sews like a dream. There are many features that most seamstress' would love. My favorites are the automatic threader, the adjustable sewing speed (you can go real slow when working on something intricate), the auto thread cutter and the one touch reverse stitch. There are so many more features that I haven't used yet. I've only found one thing I don't like and that is the automatic presser foot lift and lower feature. There is a metal bar thing that goes under your sewing table and you use your knee to raise and lower the foot. It's kind of hard to do although I'm sure it would get easier with practice. I just do it manually. This is a solid, well built machine. I was using a $700 Husqvarna. Boy did I get ripped off when I bought that one. This machine can do so much more and was almost half the price. I did a lot of research looking for a new machine. Consumer reports recommended a different ""Project Runway"" machine. I looked everywhere but couldn't find one to purchase. I came across this machine and found it was similiar to the other but with more features. So I started reading reviews about it by people who purchased it. I could not find one bad review! That tells me all I need to know. If you're considering this machine you can buy it with confidence. It is a fantastic sewing machine at a fantastic price!!!"
This is a great sewing machine. Not too complicated. The automatic threading feature is awesome. Most features are available at the touch of a button. I highly recommend this machine. The price on Amazon is also great. Much less than other vendors. Shipping was very quick. I am very pleased.
"I've played with all the options and this machine hasn't disappointed!  The embroidery function is easy to use, and changing stitches is a snap. I've had no trouble with tension, threading, or bobbin winding.  With the knee lift pressure foot control, and push button start/stop sewing, you almost would never have to use the foot control."
"I been sewing as long I can remember.  I have 2 machines already a brother and a serger.  This brought me to the 21st Century.  I love the machine.  Had it since 9/08 and have not stopped sewing(shirts, pants, suits, bags, etc.) even did some monograming for the first time on a few xmas gifts.  Only thing I do not like was the zipper attachment not sturdy enough for me so I actually replaced it with the regular zipper foot I use on my other machine. But so far, definitely worth the money."
This is my second Brother Project Runway machine. My first lasted 12 years. I absolutely love it. It's super easy to use.
"I spent a lot of time deciding which sewing machine to purchase.  I am pretty much a novice, but a woman I know who sews professionally talked me into spending a bit more than the $200.00 I had originally planned to spend.  She recommended this machine.  I have had it for more than a year, and am very pleased with it.  I sew a lot of Jeans and upholstery type fabrics and it has worked flawlessly for me.  If there is ever a problem, it is operator error.  It is a hardy machine, and feels like it is solidly made.  It is very easy to use and it has a couple features I absolutely love.  I love love love  the drop-in bobbin and the thread cutter..  I am spoiled by them and would not want to live without them.  They both make sewing so much easier than it would be without them. This was definitely the right choice for me.  It has allowed me to be creative and not spend as much time fiddling with the machine.  It has been a ton of fun and a minimum of hassle.  It is also worth noting that the price has remained fairly level for the last couple years, across retailers."
Lots of options
"Great sewing machine. I make quilts and have made my own hoodie with this (with synthetic fur inside). The only thing is it has a heck of a time (for me) sewing the letters/fancy designs. It often looks bad and is unable to make them very large. But, other than that, it's fantastic."
verynicelikeit
My second machine. Its like butter compared to the simple singer that I have.
Shipment was quick. Super quiet. Easy to understand instructions.
"Really like the self threading, thread cutting, and the speed control that goes to almost 0. Having trouble adjusting to not using foot control, but really like the button.  My great granddaughter really likes to help me with starting and stopping the machine."
"I love this sewing machine. It was a Christmas gift to me back in 2012 and I have most definitely put it to use. I'm sad though because it's age is starting to show and makes loud ""thud"" noises now when sewing. Even got it checked out and was told it's natural wear and tear as everything still sews fine...just noisey. I've had it for 6 years and sew about 24-36 hours each week on average. I guess it's time for a new machine."
"Great seeing machine I have always had a singer but wanted something that could handle some thickness in quilt making and this machine is it . I'm  still learning how to use all different stitches , my only one per peeve is that you don't get a dvd  with it on how to use it and you can't find much on YouTube or brother sewing machine"
