This is a must have.  There are some down sides though.....First the mat is not the best.  I just used mine for the first time this afternoon and it was so sticky my paper stuck to it so bad I could not get it off and I had to run it under hot water!  After getting all the paper off I am not sure the mat will even work like it should.  They need to come up with better quality mats.
"My husband surprised me with a Cricut for Christmas. I use it all the time for srapbooking. When I want to do small letters I opt to use stickers instead of the cricut because they are hard to get up with out ripping. When you first get the mat it's so sticky you need to use heavy cardstock or else the paper is really hard to get up. Once I figured out the little quarks it worked a lot better. Would definately recommend, all my friends come over to cut out letters for their own projects!"
"I purchased the Cricut Expression after testing it with a friend that had just purchased one.  I use it constantly!  No more cutting out letters by hand for me!!!  The letters are precisely cut without tearing.  It also cuts designs, tags, and many more shapes too numerous to mention.  I recently made Valentine Cards to share with friends using the cartridges that came with the machine and tried out the new color ink cartridges (purchased separately).  The lettering was super fantastic!  The ink did not smudge and the letters were precisely drawn.  A big THANK YOU to this company for making my scrapbooking and card making easier!

The only downside was the $$$...however, if you do your homework by shopping around, you can save.  I took a sale ad from a well known fabric store to a different local craft store that had the machine.  Low and behold, they honored the other store's sale ad! This saved me lots of $$$.  I plan to buy most of the cartridges at our local discount store that has them for less $$.  The finished product makes it worth the $$$."
"This is one of those products that could have been soo much more than it is.  Like adding a USB port to enable connecting to a computer, but then you would not need to buy the really expensive extra cartridges, now would you.

Bought this for my wife, she seems to really enjoy it.  It does everything that it says that it does.  The sheet of plastic that holds the paper down is not great, I am sure that they could have found a better way than a disposable plastic sheet, but oh well. The tool kit is very helpful to have in order to pull the cut pieces from the plastic sheet.

I got this for my Wife and Sister who both do this sort of thing, and that also enables them to share cartridges, thus reducing the number of needed accessories.

This is one of those devices that you just want and you know (or for your spouse).  I looked at the other similar products out there, and they are just not as flexible as this machine (i.e. the Sizzix) becasue you can change the sizes to what ever you need, you do not need to buy an additional alphabet set just to get a smaller size.  Has some nice features like being able to create a start tag, add as much text as you want, then an end tag to create one uniform looking tag."
Took a month to ship it out and it didn't work.
wife loves it. Yes I scored points. She says it works great and is fun
I received the item in a timely manner and it came well packaged.  I set it up immediately and began to enjoy using it!  It is exactly what I anticipated and am not disappointed in the least.
works great
"This machine is ridiculously hard to use. The instructions and tutorials they provide are for the most sophisticated features.  There are no tutorials for simple straightforward projects. If you have a simple question like, how do I fill the page, or how do I duplicate an image, you have great difficulty finding an answer. You're supposed to download the guide yourself and --I am not making this up--it's 335 pages long. They aren't even numbered in sequence so it's difficult to figure out what section you want to print out. (For instance, instead of commanding your printer to print out pages 50-65, you have to figure out what section 5A pages 3-10 are. It's maddening.)  I feel as if the company took a simple, fun machine for the home crafter and turned it into a computer programming nightmare. Do not buy unless you seriously want to commit to some graphic design.
(As for me, I have my Master's Degree and feel that I know my way around the computer fairly well, so take that into consideration. I wasn't approaching it blindly.)"
I absolutely love using my Cricut!  I have been able to make cards for all events at very little effort.  This machine was a life saver when it came to having nice cuts on very small details.
Ok
It's detail & cuts larger sizes than my original Cricut.
"The Cricut Expression is a definite must have! I wish I would've purchased it much sooner! I am a mom of 4 children and they are constantly using it for school projects! It's very easy to use too! My husband uses it for his home business as well. I'm a big paper crafter so I use the Cricut for all of my scrapbooking and cards.
The Cricut is very easy to use considering I never even read the manual. The bright light up screen tells you everything you need to know and allows you to make any needed changes. If you need any help the Cricut website is very helpful though too! Ideas can be found all over the Internet and on Pinterest so the inspiration is limitless! I do not have many cartridges but personally have seen the prices for them have really been decreasing recently so it's the perfect time to expand my library!
The most difficult part I have found with this machine is that I tend to forget what size I made my letters before and I have to try and guess what size they were to make them match. However other than that I love my Cricut and I would recommend it to anyone!"
really enjoy
I love Cricut products. When I got my machine when you turn it on it made a high pitch noise. I should have exchanged it for a new one but we were moving and I didn't have the time. I love my machine but don't use it very often because of the high pitch ringing when the machine is on.
Works like a dream.
Not enough words to say how great this one has been. Absolutely love it.
Quick Shipping. Product exactly as advertised.
"Piece of crap. Leaves  lines from blade drag. Company wouldn't help , told me it was my problem when I physically showed them what it was doing. Thank god amazon took it back, buy a sillouette save your self the headache ."
I love my cricut. I use it regularly for wedding & birthday cards and decorations. I have saved so much money. This is such a great investment.
Make sure you turn you cricut on often. I have a cricut that have used about 4 times. I had no idea that it had to be turned on often or it would die. I haven't used it in about a year and when I tried to use it to make some Christmas gifts it just would not turn on. I called customer support and they told me the computer components probably died because it hasn't been turned on in quite a while. They need to tell you it has to be turned on often. I am frustrated. I did not begin to get my money's worth.
wife likes it
"I love my cricut. I use it many times a year for various crafts. It cut small details well. If I can imagine it, I  can cut it."
"Got this machine a few years ago. I used it only a few times. I kept it in the original box and it was like new. When I got it out to use it a week ago, it wouldn't work. Cricut sent me a new power source but that did not help. They told me because it was out of warranty, they cannot do anything for me. :-(  expensive mistake. Debating if I should buy another Cricut."
"I do like the circut, but it takes more effort than it should. I'm a teacher and use it to make letters for bulletin boards and things around my room and the school. I ALWAYS get compliments on my work. I prefer to buy the digital fonts so that I can get to my account from any where as long as I can connect a circut to a computer with Internet connection BUT I constantly lose connection and spend more time restarting and reconnecting than I should. Other friends tell me the same! This is a problem with the Cricut. The Cricut people know this. Their solution is for you to purchase a newer model. They are always very nice, but not helpful. They say they know it is an issue and offer a ""I'm so sorry"" but there is no solution. The cartridges are easier, but they don't offer the flexibility or the options that are offered online. This is like comparing someone using a typewriter to a computer.

Maybe the newer models have a better connection... but I'm not paying more money for a newer model."
I enjoyed this product! I never had a circuit before and a friend recommended it. I am so glad that I purchased it. I made some great center prices for my friends daughter graduation and it looked amazing. I got a lot of compliments. The great thing is it saved me so much time...
love it. it's the only one that will work with SCAL (besides original cricut). i love that it cuts 24X 24
"Cricut is VERY deceptive. Does not work with the new software. I spent several hours trying to update my machine to find out that it is not compatible. It does not reveal this information ANYWHERE on the Cricut Web site. I called customer service to encounter a very rude technician who finally told me that it was not compatible. Until that point, I was fine with the machine and would have been satisfied using is as is.  I will NEVER buy another Cricut product. Off to buy a Silhouette!"
The cutting blade holder had to be replaced.
Yes
"I love this cricut expression machine.  I hate the one that is mini an has to be online to use....
Thank you ...."
gift
Bought this as a gift for my wife. She still uses it today. She's made amazing crafts with it and haven't received a single complaint.
This machine was re furbished and works great. Love all the things that I can make with it!
Love it! It's perfect for the work!
This is a great machine. Easy to use and you don't have to be on the Internet to enjoy it and craft. I recommend buying the Cricut tools as well. They really help. Love love love it!
Thanks
Nothing but trouble with it. Left a cut across all projects. Returned for refund.
Very disappointed! Power cord was missing!
Works great. Not really my thing but have pulled it out occasionally for kids projects. Can not use any software other than cricut with it. After cricut sued everyone. Cricut a software is horrible and can not download fonts and shapes from where ever you want.
The button to remove the paper don't work.
So far we love it!  Just getting used to the new machine.
Love it great price
"I purchased this machine 10/1/13.  I used it in the spring of 2014, it was not super easy as I remember but still useful.  I put it away and pulled it out again this spring (about 1 year later) to start making decorations for my daughters graduation party.  It started up great and cut out a few designs. Then, I connected it to my computer so I could use the craft room tool to set up more designs. Here is where I ran into issues.  The machine needed a firmware upgrade in order for the designs to be cut. I started the process, it looked like the process was working until the bar along bottom that moves the mat and paper began spinning.  It won't exit this process, the bar starts and stops and starts and stops. It is stuck in the start up mode (possibly) but won't move beyond the bar spinning.  I tried customer service over the next 2 or 3 hours and got nothing but a busy signal.

I was able to put the machine in recovery mode, but then the cricut sync software stays stuck in ""waiting for recovery mode"".  This crap is UNACCEPTABLE.  Waste of money.

Spent the weekend looking at discussion boards and found out that this is a common problem with the CE2.  The company should do a recall. Spending over $200 basically for a toy for myself is an investment.  I don't usually buy things like this as  it is a luxury for my budget.  What a disappointment."
I love it....caught up my scrapbook and are going to make greeting cards!!
Was timely and works well.
love this machine..
I love my cricut!!! It is amazing!
Love this product! I would go big or go home and definitely get the large circut over the smaller one!
"awesome machine.  no question about it.

only wish they offered software to cut my own shapes via USB.  The shape cartridges get expensive, and the consumables (mats & blades) are pretty expensive too."
"I love this machine. It can so so much fun stuff. I am already enjoying it so much . Thank you
I am very pleased  with the cricut machine"
Met expectations
Never receipt my bonus!!!!!
Love it!!!
awesome
This was a Christmas gift for my daughter.  She is very happy with it and enjoys making things with her Cricut.
"One of my favorite purchases.  I had a quick lesson from a friend on a different machine and learned this one fairly quickly.  I refer to You Tube a lot for help, LOVE THIS, and have used it many times over and over again.  Purchase the cartridges when they are on sale though."
"Poor information, I just find out that does not work with PC when I try to use it"
So much fun and versatile! Easy to use.
Fantastic machine!
I love the machine but I was told I was getting the Platin cartridge which I did not get I received Hanna Montana which I have no interest for
mom loved it
Great machine.. I just love it
Wife loved. Perfect gift!
BEST thing I EVER bought
does a good job but cartridges are too expensive
"I bought this as a present for my wife, for scrap booking, It worked fine, for about 6 months then stopped. It now drops the USB connection, when trying to cut any object from their software.  She has contacted Cricut customer service, which has been poor. They told us to check the firmware versions, (up to date), We've tried 2 different computers, same issue. Emailed back to customer service and now no response.
I would not recommend this product to anyone."
product arrived quickly and as expected. pleased
"Does some pretty neat stuff, my wife likes it."
Totally love this machine!!!  It can do so much!!!!!
"Use it all the time, for scrapbook, school projects.. awesome paper cutting machine!"
LOVE this machine!!
Awesome product.
"Not happy, this was faulty on receiving, it wasn't replaced, part refund was given, and I still lost a lot of money, sadly."
As advertised.  Should come with more cartridges.
"We've had my wife's Cricut Expression for a little less than a year and our experience with it hasn't been good.  Overall, the machine does do what it advertises that it does, cut paper from designs contained on either the cartridges that you buy or ones that you download from their website using the ""Craft Room"" software.

Since the machine does cut paper I'll leave that topic alone since users will have mixed results based on paper types, etc.

Our greatest issue as of late has been that Provo Crafts customer service is terrible.  Our Expression's keypad recently lost it's mind and many of the buttons don't function at all or at the very least don't function as labeled.  Only a few of the carriage movement arrows actually moves the carriage.  The rest of them activate or deactivate random other functions.  Yesterday the menu came up in German and it took me 20 minutes to get it back to English considering that the buttons weren't working right.

I called Provo Craft and spent 1.5 hrs on hold before finally talking to a support representative, who was very friendly and personable.  They talked me through doing a firmware update which had no affect on the malfunction.  They decided to replace our Expression and in order to do so I had to provide the S/N of the device to start the process.  I e-mailed them the required data and then I received an e-mail back telling me the next step in the process.  I am supposed to cut a 3-4"" section from the carriage belt, write the S/N on the deck where you insert the mat and take a photo of the Expression with the cut piece of belt and send this picture to Prove Craft.  At that point they will continue processing the shipment to get me my new Expression.  This is absurd!  Basically they are disabling our ability to even use the machine in a reduced manner until we receive our new machine, which could take up to a week or more to receive.  What if a person generates income with their Cricut?  Are they supposed to just take a week off?  Unacceptable...

To make a long story short, when we get our replacement we're going to place it for sale on Craigslist or eBay with the rest of our Cricut stuff and look into purchasing the Silhouette Cameo, which apparently has great customer service, allows you to cut any image that you would like from any source, and supposedly produces a better product."
Does everything I need it to. No complaints at all
love it .. should have bought it 2 years ago.
It is everything I hoped for.
Great!
Very happy with this machine.
"I bought this cricut and love it, it's great, but it does once in awhile freezes and my biggest complaint is the matt that came with it cracked twice on me in the first few weeks and I think for what the cricut cost it should never ever do that, ever!!! Had to buy another mat and I shouldn't have to do that.."
"I love it, kits the best"
The machine itself is nice. It is not as nice without cricut craft room software. The software is not compatible with MAC OS. Tech support is aware and have no estimates as to when it will be compatible. There are additional problems with windows 7 and 8. Do not buy if you have a MAC and be prepared for hours on the phone if you have windows.
Bought this for my wife & she can not use it due to software issues
"Do not buy this machine, especially if you have a mac; it is not compatible. Cricut tech support says maybe this issue will be fixed, but they make no firm promises.  I have lost hours upon hours trying to get this Cricut machine to work with my two mac computers. I have also tried, unsuccessfully, to use it with a PC. I have contacted customer support and walked though all steps with them. The machine is still not working on any computer. The Cricut technician only said they are trying to resolve the issue, but I did not get any reassurance that they would be able to fix it or any promise of a refund if they don't. Not only am I out the time I spent working on this issue, I am out several hundred dollars in useless product. I am a very unhappy customer. If I could give this product less than one star, I would."
I've used this machine waaay more then expected! everyone should own one
Excellent!!
Great wife very happy
"What can I say. I love it. I don't use it much but thanks to having friends who have taught me the basics and little videos on Youtube, it's easy to use. The machine came well packed and as advertised. I saved my points and bought a cute carrier on Overstock. Happy Cricuter!"
Came quickly!  Product as described.
Works great!
Exactly as I wanted and expected.
Bought this for one of my daughters & she truly loved it; said it was very easy to use.
"I know that Provocraft now has the Explore out - and from most accounts it does reallllly beautiful detail work.  But that's not the one I own and, unless they can get it to work without the net, it will not become my primary machine.

I really appreciate my Expression 1.  It cuts detail work as long as you don't get too, too tiny and it works with both the online images and with cartridges whether they are linked or not. I have enjoyed cutting words and images in vinyl as large as 23.5""x11.5"" and even a series of heavy cardstock, 18"", 3D Eiffel towers for my Godsons Prom.

I've had mine for about 4 years and have cut all different paper weights plus chipboard and foam.  Cartridges and individual images can now be purchased at a very reasonable price (most carts can be found for between $15 - $30 new, images for as little as $0.50). Of the 16 Cricut groups I belong to on FB this is, unarguably, the most commonly used machine in spite of the available upgrades. Indeed, the only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is that I've had difficulty doing serious detail work on objects 1.25""x1.25"" or smaller.

Best of all, Cricut/Provocraft has been stepping up their game with more than just Hardware.  Cricut's Customer Service has transformed over recent years into a company that can be used as an example of Exemplary Customer Service.  If you are honestly having difficulties and there's a way to help, they're on it. Over the last two years I've had no issues that were not resolved to mutual satisfaction when contacting them by phone."
Bought this for the office to use.  We use it quite frequently and get some good use out of it.  The touch screen is pretty easy to use and understand what is going on.
"If you have questions, do not hesitate to call the company. Someone on the other end of the phone will get out your very model and go through step by step with you! This machine is terrific. It does not require a computer to use it!"
"This is the worst investment you can ever make. You cannot use your own designs! You have to spend tons of $$$$ to get their designs. Worst part about it, you can't even use other software that works with every other cutting machine out there. Beware."
"This Cricut was recommended by a girl that attended the same craft class.
I have a lot of fun with it and would also recommend the Amazon way of payments to anyone, it is safe and reliable.

The CRICUT machine is a new way of getting scrapbook pages done and is a lot of fun.

Many thanks
Edna"
This was just what I expected. I have a daycare and I use it a lots. My clients love using the things I can make with machine. I am amazed at the variety of things I can create.
"I have never been so irritated with a product before. The first week i got my cricut, i had to sit and stare at it for over a week because it didn't work. The new software wouldn't update, so my cricut was useless. After hours of trying to solve that problem, i finally was able to use it. Ever since then my cricut has been nothing but a pain. It tears when it cuts small cuts. The mats are also junk. You can only use them for a couple times before they have completely lost their stick and are useless and the new mats are too sticky and tear the paper. The cricut craft room online is horrible. I recently purchased one item that had different layers to it. My cricut would not cut the image. When i clicked cut, it didn't do anything and and then it would just say it was done. When it would cut it would cut the wrong image that I didn't even have on the craft room. Also, if you don't buy a digital copy of an image, the cartridge is pretty much impossible to figure out how to use. I had to guess on where the image would cut out on the mat and most of the time i had to repeat it several times because the entire image did not cut on the paper. Overall this project has wasted much of my time, and has made me VERY frustrated. I would not recommend buying this product. I wished i would have spent a little more money and bought the silhouette cameo."
I haven't used the machine yet because I'm still in shock over the color I received. The machine was shown as white with no indication that it would be anything different. When I opened the box it was this ugly green!! True it should work the same as a white one but when you pay $250.00+ for something you should receive what the item description indicates. Also I received different cartridges than shown in the item description. I am ok with the cartridges I received but again you should get what is shown. I contacted Craft Direct and they were no help whatsoever. I guess I'll have to buy a cover for it so I don't have to look at it all the time. Be careful when purchasing this item...you may not get what you think you are purchasing.
"I ordered the older model Cricut Expression1 through Amazon/Craft Direct. There was some confusion as to which machine I would be getting due to an inaccurate picture/descriptive on the website. Turns out that I did receive the Expression Limited Edition Green Machine as opposed to the one pictured in the ad. As you know, it doesn't make any difference what color the machine is, just that it works as it is supposed to. (they are working on changing the descriptive of the machine) The Cricut Expression1 I received works like a charm; I was able to connect to the internet; then updated it and I have no complaints. I am enjoying the ability to cut numerous colors for a project all at one time, due to the 12"" by 12"" cutting surface. There was the issue of no DVD supplied with the machine as the descriptive stated, but after contacting the seller I find that they are no longer available. Craft Direct did refund part of the purchase price due to the mixups stated, and I am happy it has worked out well for both of us."
"Hate it.  Cricut has a software package you can design your page, works great.  Problem is you can't cut any of it without buying each individual cartridge to cut them.  Then you stick the card stock/etc to the mat.  That's the last time you will ever use that card stock again.  The mat is so sticky that removing it completely destroys the cut card stock.  Awful product."
"I am a very happy owner of two Expressions, Expression 2 and well over 200 cartridges.  I was gifted with my second Expression in January (2014) and began to hear some odd noises and then started to notice that my cuts were off on the left side of my mat.  I noticed something odd with the internal wires inside so called Cricut to find out what I needed to do.  I was informed that I would need a receipt for warranty purposes which is understandable but it was a gift and I didn't think I would be able to obtain it.  A few minutes later I received a call from Provo Craft informing me that they would replace my machine even without a receipt this one time!!! I can't tell you how happy I was to get that call - THANK YOU VERY MUCH PROVO CRAFT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"I got this for scrapbooking and it has worked out really well.  Unfortunately I don't work on my books more than a few times a year so it sits for long periods of time, but when I need it, it works great!"
"Just purchased this machine and received it yesterday. It has a small screen and you can't really seem to mess it up. The guide book is kind of useless. You just have to start pushing buttons to figure it out. I am like a dude when it comes to machines so I refuse to sit in a lawn chair and read 55 pages of ""whats in it for you""......so far so good....but I will warn you that I went to bed with a headache from looking at the screen too long and squinting my eyes."
I have had my cricut expression for several years.  It is a wonderful unit with lots of available cartridges to choose from. I use it a lot for my own personal crafts as well as for my place of employment.  Love the fact where you are able to adjust the size of the cutout or font. Other cutters you have to buy the size that you need and unable to adjust the size.  Love the fact where you can layer cutouts to create your design. It gives it a more 3D effect. Have not had any problems with my unit.
Cricket broke after updating software.  Worst customer service I have ever experienced!  A waste of money on an expensive piece of equipment & supplies!
"I have really enjoyed this, it is easy to use. I so looking forward to many more crafting projects  :)"
"What a great way to get into crafts and a hobby. At first I had some reservations about this machine, but once I got it and used it for the first time, I thought, oh wow, this is really easy and neat. But there is so much one can do with it and so I'm on that learning curve and trying different things out. I have watched several videos on YouTube which have been a great help. Love it and having fun, even at my age of 70."
"Didn't come with the computer cable so I couldn't do much with it, especially for what I paid for it. Ended up reselling it and buying a silhouette machine
Arrived quickly  and packaged well"
I sent the product back when I learned that the only software for can't be used to create individual designs.
So far so good. Easy to use. Enjoy cutting out banners with this machine. Having fun creating different craft projects.
"I love my Cricut! I bought a Cricut because I have a friend who has one and she loves hers and talks about all the things she does on hers. I am in charge of a bulletin  board at work and I wanted to be creative, and I am with my Cricut."
Bought this for my mom for Christmas last year. She uses it almost daily. We haven't gotten a store bought card since she received it. She absolutely loves it. Worked right out of the box and ever since. Great product.
"I couldn't wait for my cricut expression to arrive. I have been using the cricut  create for a little while so couldn't wait to make bigger projects on this. I've only had it for one day but so far it has been a great experience. It came with two Cartridges. I was alittle upset to find that one of the cartridges did not appear to be new. The box was already open and the seal on the Cartridge itself was missing. Along with the holer for the cartridge broken.  For the price I paid, I expected everything in the box brand new. Other than that Im satisfied with the machine and the other unopened Cartridge. So therefore I only give this four stars."
This machine does so many beautiful creations! I just love it and can't stop using it!! I recommend it to all of those people who are into crafts!
"If you like making handmade party or holiday decorations, then this is for you!  I love making custom banners and favors for my kid's parties.  The only downfall is that it's time consuming but most things that look great do take time!"
"I loved Amazon price and shipping.  This was very easy to use.  No computer needed to operate.  I love the key pad it is easy to read.  I am glad I did not get the newer model with just the one touch screen that does everything. This seems much faster to operate. Just push the button you want and press cut.  Cuts great, I really love using the light grip cutting mats.  The images come off much easier then with the standard grip mats and the paper or card stock doesn't curl up or tear when taking it off the mat."
"I got the pink on instead of this green one I order, But that was not a big deal, wihat was it that i didn't come with the Cricut Cartridge
it said it  come with  the pink one  was not happy with that and I try to contact them and still no Answers"
I bought this for my adult daughter for Christmas and she LOVES it! She does a lot of scrapbooking and said this is very easy to learn to operate. She can't wait to buy more cartridges.
"I love my Cricut.  I have been wanting one since they first came out!  Now I finally own one and it is amazing.  I have gone back and 'redid' some of my scrapbook pages ~ just because of how awesome the things are that can be made with the Cricut.  If you are a scrapper, stamper, artistic, or just plain talented, get yourself a Cricut, you won't regret it."
The first one we recieved did not work and the replacement one we got does not cut straight. We have not had anything good come out of this machine yet
The instructions are easy to follow.  Had it up and running within an hour.  This product is exactly what I wanted.
"I am quite disappointed now that I have purchased a Cricut Expression 2 and can not return it (I did not buy through Amazon).  With this machine you can not create your own shapes or use your own fonts.  Some brief searching led me to believe that you could use third party software to cut out any vector drawing or use any font.  This is no longer the case (as of Jan. 2014) due to legal action taken by Provo Craft.  Using this device you can only cut what is provided in the abhorrently over priced cartridges that are difficult to navigate and search for.  You can only use fonts provided by cartridges you have purchased, and 99% of the fonts I have seen in the cartridges you can buy are horrendous.  There is no way to convert vector graphics or true type fonts to a cartridge.

There is absolutely no technical reason why you couldn't cut out your own shapes or use your own fonts.  This is purely an artificial limitation placed on the device by Provo Craft using legal methods to force you to buy their cartridges.  Buying this is like buying a TV that will only display the manufacturer's channel.  If they would just allow you to use your own graphics or fonts (or even just allowed the third party software that provided this to continue without bullying them to stop), the number of shapes available to cut would basically be limitless.  As is, the number of shapes you can cut with this is severely limited.

I made the mistake of not researching more about this before buying, led astray by the many positive reviews.  When buying this, be aware that you will need to spend hundreds of dollars more to make the thing useful beyond the most basic of uses.  There are many alternatives that appear to function just as well as the Cricut, but are not artificial crippled and allow you to use whatever shapes or fonts you want.  Personally, I will be selling my Cricut and buying a Silhouette Cameo.  The extra cost of the Cameo will almost immediately be offset by the lack of need to buy additional cartridges."
Highly recommend this Cricut Expression 2 starter tool kit bundle. It's so much fun to use it and create things. I love it. 5 stars all the way.
"So I got the mini Cricut for Christmas and it was fabulous. Perfect, portable, and super easy.

After a few years, I needed more space and bigger cutting abilities so I invested in this machine - LIFE CHANGING. Seriously. I love this machine - it's easy to use and fabulous."
I was excited to receive this product until I opened it and started looking into the capabilities it lacks. I really thought thered be so many more options without costing you an arm and a leg and now there is a new machine coming out through Cricut that seems to have more capabilities. I wish I would have known the limitations prior to being interested. I wish I could send it back but I am sure since its been opened and I have done a couple sample cuts to try to like it I am sure I cannot return at this point. The one star is for disappointment
Works amazing! Can finally finish my scrapbooks now :)  Makes perfect cuts easy to program and use would recommend this to anyone who is a serious scrap booker :)
"I purchased a cricket expression two years ago. I used it one time. Second time I went to use it there was no power. Called cricket tech-support. They told me there is one year warranty and they will replace it,after that you are S.O.L. They have no repair centers to send it to and no one they could recommend to repair it. For the amount of money you spent for these machine you would think they would have a repair center. I would not recommend this machine to anyone, there are better options out there."
Its one of the best toys for people who like to craft. Easy to use and hours of fun creativity!
"i asked for help several times and have been ignored, i was told this was better then the shilowett and its not. you cant do the same as the shillowett, the rep said it was better, i spent 260.00 on something that works like crap, i would never recommend this product"
"I bought this for my wife for Christmas, she had the basic model, and decided she loved doing this. She loves it, she is always doing something on it. She has made a lot of little crafty things. They come out really cute. She hasn't had any bad things to say about it."
I bought it for my wife and she loves it more then the first one. She loves using it to make birthday banners for the family.
"I bought this for my daughter for Christmas.  I have not used it but she has and she says it is wonderful.  She has five children and the three oldest ones already know how to use it too. From the projects I have seen, it would be good for any crafter who works with paper projects or any teacher who does crafts with children."
I really LOVE my cricut! It's an amazing product. I have used it already for many projects and the people that I made things for loved them! The only thing is the cutting mat smells like feet and chemicals and you do have to replace them often but other than that it's a wonderful machine to have.
My daughter was thrilled to get this machine for the start of her student teaching!  So many options and still so much to learn!
This was very convenient due to my deployment in Kuwait. I am glad that I was able to order from my area and have that gift delivered in time for the holidays. My wife loves this device as well as my twin daughters.
"I still need to figure out what some of the programs & features are, more than what I had on my older cricut, but other than that, its good and works for what I need so far.  I cant wait to see what else I am able to use it for."
I bought this as a christmas gift and the person who received it seems to love it so i guess it is a good quality product but i do not know for sure.
"Thought it would do more
Be easier to operate
Thought I would be getting more for my money
Very disappointed it cost sooo much for the value I received"
"LED touchscreen did not work the first time it was used.  Only the top half of the screen would work when touched ; the bottom didn't.  The Starter kit did not include everything as stated in the description.  It was supposed to include  three 12 by 12-Inch cutting mats and only one was shipped.  It was supposed to include two pre-loaded cartridges and none were shipped.  It was supposed to include a spatula tool and none were shipped.  I really wanted this for Christmas, but I'm returning it and am going to purchase the original Cricut Expression without the touchscreen."
"It. Was a gift for my wife, and she is getting the best of it. It has an efficient productivity tool for scrapbooking and crafting lovers."
Love this machine and all the attachments!  Started using the day it arrived and make time daily to do projects.
"my wife loves it,,but its takin her a little time to figure out the ends and outs,,if somebody has some tricks to using this thing feel free to help"
"Really like the Cricut Expression with one caveat:  it seems to skip portions of each cutout, and I have to trim them with scissors."
"I bought it as a gift for my daughter in law, she said ""the cricut expression 2 met all of her expectations"".  She loves it."
I was always trying to make my own cards and invitations and now that is so taken to the next level! I am so amazed with this machine. You get free cuts each week and lots of videos to watch for ideas!
This was a big hit for my daughter. Exactly what she wanted and a great price. All the extras that came in the bundle made the purchase more than worth it
"I haven't had a chance to do a lot with it yet, what I tried I liked. I like the fact that I can use digit"
"I got this as a deal of the day on Amazon.  I had been holding out because of the price, but the deal could not be beat.  I have enjoyed making my own cards and crafts with this machine."
"Its a nice little cutter, you are able to take it places as its not to heavy came with one cartridge."
Got it for my kid and she loves it.  Cost a bit high $160 but worth it.  She loves scrapbooking.
"What a great machine. This is the first time I have used one.
My only disappointment is that I can't buy downloadable cartridges from the Cricut shop.
Is Australia not a part of the global economy?"
This was a gift but I have a Cricut and I love how easy it is to use.  Have used mine for 5 or 6 years.  But know it will get used a lot with the person who recieved
Excellent machine.  Easy to use with the four included pamphlets.  It makes incredible cuts. Downside is the sticky mats don't last long but you can find them for as little as five dollars each on line.  This was a great purchase.
"I had the normal Cricut Expressions. My husband bought me the new one for Christmas and I absolutely love it! I keep finding new features! It can cut different size objects at the same time! You can see the mat on the screen so you know where it will be cut and how big it actually will be before pushing cut! It is quieter than the original.

The only thing I don't like, is that the screen is so little. I understand it has to be small and you can zoom in. But, it makes it difficult to see. I HIGHLY recommend getting their free computer software : Cricut craft room. You can design on there and then cut so the size of the screen doesn't matter! Love this machine!"
"Bought this product as a gift, it had good ratings so I decided to go for it. It makes a lot of great things that you can use for parties or whatever and its pretty easy to use."
"But I was wrong
I have had my original Cricut for over 6 years and honestly didn't think I would ever need or use a larger machine. But Amazon had this pink Expression on sale for an awesome price last summer with 3 cartridges and I still had Christmas gift cards burning a hole in my pocket so I thought 'what the heck' I will just use it when I want to make larger things.
Well, my poor original bug has been on the shelf gathering dust ever since this pretty pink beauty arrived.
It cuts great and I am loving that I can cut more due to the larger mat.
I only have one complaint. When it is turned on, it makes a very high pitched whine. I am talking really high pitch and not very loud. My husband can't hear it but I can. It took me a few times to figure out why I was getting a headache when I was using the machine for more than a few minutes.
Now I just turn it off after I unload each mat and only turn it on when I am ready to cut again.
Other than that, no complaints."
Got what I expected when I expected it. Couldn't ask for much more than that. It was also in great condition.
"you can do anything on the machine. whether you are scrapbooking, card making or need to make signs...graduation, wedding, baby shower, garage sale and more. It is endless with is machine."
Touch screen remained frozen on the cricut welcome screen. Even after turning it off and on and touching the screen with the provided stylus.  A great way to kill the holiday excitement for my wife. We will be buying a cameo.
Bought this for decorating the bulletin boards at the library I work at. This is a great machine and is exactly what we needed.
"It was the perfect gift and shipped quickly, so we are very happy with our purchase! Would recommend it to others."
Nice product. Purchased the item for a great price. My daughter who is a teacher  loved it. Would recommend to others.
Absolutely love my Cricut!  So many things to make and so easy to use once you get the hang of it!
The pink ricut machine is so cute! I'm addicted to Cricut now and bought tons of cartridges. Here are some tips to sae money. For cheap cartridges you can buy it at Joann's during the holiday season as they have it on sale for 20 bucks. Also keep checking on the Cricut website as seomtimes they do 40% off cartridges. Also the mats are reuseable. You can buy adhesive remover to clean the mat and after that buy a adhesive/tack bottle and spray it on the mat and the it will be sticky again for continuous use. Love my Cricut!
I love my cricut I have been using it a lot and keep finding new ways to use it Thanks
"I have the smaller original circuit and wanted to go larger so I could do a better job with my scrapbooking, I am not one bit sorry, its a treasure.  I got the best deal ordering though amazon with speedy shipping,
Patti"
Was very disappointed that the original cartridges did not come with the machine. Was even more disappointed when I saw the cartridge for sale by this person separately. Seller should have also stated that finding a replacement blade housing is difficult.
"Love the larger size and the ability to hook up to the on line library of free stuff from Cricut with my laptop, but had some trouble getting started with the cutting and loading the shapes is not as quick as on the original cricut."
Love it. I have not had any problems with it so far. I love this device. I would recommend it to anyone!
"OMG I love my Cricut! I would recommend downloading the software to use on the computer. Its amazing! I love everything about it, esp the pink color. I also wasn't especting it to be HUGE but I still love it. I am so glad I got this deal."
"It is so nice that you can place actual full sheets of scrapbooking paper in this Cricut machine.  The pink design is cute, but the larger size really adds functionality and makes this so much more useful than the original Cricut cutters.  The pink package also has some nice extras, and is reasonably priced, so it's worth picking up instead of a standard unit."
Yeah very bad company. I purchased the Silhouette Cameo and the eClips. Both are really good and alot better than the Cricut. I can design whatever I want cut. I can't imagine how anyone could buy and stay with the Cricut company. You CANNOT design your own cut....
For Me This Was An Upgrade From My First Cricut. I Live All The New Features And As A Breast Cancer SurvivOr I Loved The Breast Cartridge.
"This Cricut Expression 2 won't work  because it needs "" updated"". The update won't load via my computer because, my computer runs 8.1 ;provo  craft has known this machine has problems with this setup. After talking to their help line,( for at least 20 min.) the tech realized what the problem  the problem  was (is). Was told they'd get back to me, two days ago. The machine  is totally useless as it sits."
"I had bought the Express 2 recently and did not like it. No longer using the rubber keypads to make your selection seemed more complicated. While I imagine the 2 has more options, it was not very intuitive. I had to read the manual for quite some time before I could even do my first cut job.

I returned it and got the older version and much prefer it."
The one I received was non functional.  Customer support at Provo Craft was truly awesome though and replaced my unit immediately!
I love Cricut soo much that my first Expression is wearing out. So I had to get a new one. This one was a great deal for the price. Works great. Love the cartridges that came with machine.
This is my first cricut. It works like it is supposed to. No problems with the machine. The cutting mat was extremely sticky at first and ate an entire piece of cardstock. Took me several hours to scrape it off. I have a silhouette cameo. Love that. So to me the cricut seems very limited. Bought the cricut for business purposes. I am learning to use it and get things the right size. It is nice that it does not have to be hooked to a computer.
"I like the improvements over the personal size cricut; 1/2"" to 7"", easy to use. Have only used it for some basic objects and lettering. It shipped very quickly. Very satisfied."
"I'd give it 5 stars for function, but took away a star because this is a replacement machine for one that stopped working after several years of moderate use.  Could not locate any factory service to get the prior one repaired so replacement was the only option.  There is a newer model available, but my wife wanted to stay with the one she had worked with before."
I debated on getting a Cricut machine for a very long time.  I LOVE THIS MACHINE!!!!  I have done so much with it already.  I am kicking myself for not getting it sooner!
I purchased this after attending a scrapbook retreat and used a friends Cricut. I love the color and the size it can use 12x12 or smaller but I am pretty sure it will not work with vinyl sheets.
was disappointed that the power cord wouldn't work so I had to buy a new one to be able to use this machine.
"At first I was a little intimidated by this machine, but once I read the manual, look at videos on YouTube, and did a little research of my own on the internet, it became much easier. I would have given it 5 stars, but the machine does not come with a chart that tells you which setting to have the machine to cut different types of paper. Other  than that no problems so far."
"I like the product but was very disappointed to find that I cannot buy any cartridges either digital or actual directly from Cricut website as I do not live in USA, UK or Europe. Australia is huge on crafting. Cricut are missing out on a big opportunity here."
"I am trying to learn in spare time from full time job.  DVD not much help, neither is Utube, they all do basics trying to learn with vinyl to peal off for lettering and cannot find any instruction for that."
I bought a cricut for my self years ago and decided to buy another one for my daughter and she loves it. The price you couldn't beat it just does so much for scrapbooking or making cards or what ever you want it to do.
"It is all I expected it to be.  Easy to operate --plug and play design.  I would recommend it to everyone who would like their card making and scrapbooking fast,  easy, and have satisfying result.  Worth the investment."
My 10 year daughter had no issue using the Cricut without having to read instruction. Well she did watch some tutorials online but could easily figure how to operate the Cricut. She spends a lot of time making cards and other craft stuff and is on the TV less now.
I love the Cricut expression cutting machine. My friend has one and when I saw how good it was I had to get one. Totally recommend it to people who are into scrap booking.
"Works great, this is my first one, so im still learning. Very easy to use and the pink for breast cancer is for a great cause!"
"Very disappointed. I was so excited to get my cricut and it never even turned on I had to send it back. Also was disappointed with the ""bundle"" it was just some extra things that were stuffed inside my box bent around to fit next to the machine."
Got the product and started working on my projects. It works wonders.  Easy to set up.  Only down fall is that it doesn't come with a cable to connect the machine to the computer.
I just love my machine use it for my card making and making items in 3D format. Very easy to use and to understand. Works great hooked up to the computer. It is easier to see your work. The toolkit sure came in handy the cartridges or the items loaded on the machine were also helpful to give a great start. Would recommend this item to all card making or crafty people well worth the investment
I had the smaller cricut and this Pink  Expression has so many more features and cuts great.  I alos love the pink color.
So much fun!  Very sturdy and durable.  Used for 8 straight hours with no issues at all.  Cuts all types of paper with no problem.
Works great! Even my 6 yo great niece loves to use it with my supervision of course. I haven't used it with anything but construction paper and card stock but am planning to cut letters our of sheet vinyl for my nephew's business truck.
"What a wonderful tool to make card making an ease and creative beyond description! Directions are easy to follow, and creativity is enhanced!"
"I bought my cricut a few years ago and was very happy with it at first. While it is true that the blades and pads need to be replaced fairly often I think this is true of most personal cutters. The Cricut cuts well. I cut chipboard, foam, and have even cut thick magnet with my machine without any problems. It is easy to use. It does not require any computer skills or an internet connection to get images. I make banners and all sorts of fun crafty items, including vinyl lettering. I was happy with it for a long time.

However, after seeing my friends Silhouette machine and it's capabilities, I have buyers remorse. With the Cricut you are pretty much cartridge bound. Often I will buy a cartridge but I only want one or two images off the cartridge. I would much prefer to purchase single images that I actually want rather than an entire cartridge that I only use a few images from. Although the cost of the Cricut is less to begin with I think I spend way more money on images than my friends with other personal cutters. Even with their new software you can only cut images from cartridges that you purchased. I would like to be able to use images that I created and cut them on the cricut. . If you are considering buying a personal cutter and have rudimentary computer skills buy the Silhouette. Personally, I can't imagine why anyone would buy a cricut now that there are so many other options out there and Cricut is not changing how you can purchase images. I can't imagine they will stay in business very long if they continue on with their current trend."
"Not sure if it was my fault, but we cut a glitter sheet of paper and that just threw off the blade. From then on, it doesn't cut completely through the paper which is disappointing."
"You cant print off of SVG images. Or ask it to print anything for that matter unless it is an image that is on a proprietary ""Circut"" cartridge.  The expense of this along is well over $3000 if you were to buy the cartridges at a DISCOUNTED price!

Next major issue is that it requires 'sticky' mats to cut.  which works great for the cutting... not so much for getting your project off of said mat.

Overall, there are better products that offer more options and cost less. Especially long term."
my daughter in-law loved it!  The starter kit really helped.  Be careful unwrapping the cutting knife it is very sharp and not clearly labeled.
i was so excited when the delivery arrived. so glad i caved in and bought this machine. i have been busy making/cutting out all ttypes of things. can't wait to try vinyl next!
"The machine from the outside was visually ok but the issues started when you tried to have it cut anything.  The blade would cut the outline but would be a very sloppy cut with both sides of the paper being ripped along the cut and then when the cricut would come to the end of the object that it was cutting out, it would slice the whole thing in half.  We tried updating the drivers from cricut home site and talked with their tech support but no help.  We have contacted Amazon for return.  Good machines when they work...aggravation when they go screwy."
"I bought this to use in my classroom because I was bored with the one set of die-cut punch-outs we had.  I've used it so many times, and several teachers have asked to use it as well.  It is quick, it is easy to learn how to use, and I am so glad I purchased it."
"I have a mini Cricut and love it.  I need a larger Cricut to do bigger projects.  Love the pink Cricut, it does exactly what I need it to."
"I love the machine and cartridges, put one major problem. the cartridges are used and the box was preopedned. The machine works don't look like its been used I didn't pay for used stuff."
"I thought this was going to be an amazing machine. I am less than thrilled. Did one project, using glitter cardstock. Have had to replace blade 2x already. Also..reels for mat constantly slip. If I coud return, I would."
"I love my cricut expression. I had a cricut imagine, which was a piece of junk and could never get Cricut to do anything with it. I love my expression though. I am a teacher and use it all the time. I often use the craft room software, and it works like a gem with it. The only thing I don't like is that it makes a high pitch sound all the time like a mosquito. If there is a tv on or music, I don't here it, but if there is no other noisy, it can be annoying."
"I have been wanting one of these forever, although i don't have alot of time to find out all of it's capablities, it is so quick to do a quick project or card or something u need to do in a hurry."
"Who knew paper cutting could be so fun?  Now the problem is what project to work on first.

This is also very simple to use, which is good because I am one of those people that just refuses to read directions."
"Love this machine.  There is no dislikes with this machine.
Would recommend to all.  Easy to use and cuts great. Just what I expected."
This item is really nice to have.  I have used it to cut letters for my class and it looks sharp.  The only problem that I have had so far is that some letters weren't cut smoothly on some edges.  Might just need to play with the settings.
"I bought this my daughters birthday and she loves it.  She had s smaller one, but always wanted a larger one and this did the trick.  thank you"
"My new Cricut is a wonderful addition to my scrapbooking and craftmaking equipment. Got a very good deal on the price on Amazon. It is a very cool tool to make lettering and tags and cards, adding an aesthetic to my repertoire of stamps and rub-ons for scrapbooking. The Cricut is very user friendly and easy to operate right out of the box, but I watched a few You-tube videos before buying, basically just to see the features and if I needed it. I really did need it ;-) It is my birthday gift to myself, and I was spending tons of money on die-cut alphabets for projects anyway ... I talked myseld into the purchase easily."
I didn't like the way it was sent. It was sent in a box twice the size with very little packing so the boxed move alot. I had to send it back cause it didn't cut right.  The next one was packed the same way. I hope it works?
My only dislike is the size of the images on the  screen. I wouldn't have complained but someone showed me another model.
"improvement over the personal cricut,  can cut more than one at a time. Its fun to use with good results. OK?"
"The cricut bundle itself is a great machine but amazon sends it to you already opened and with parts missing. I'm not the first person to get ripped off by Amazon with my purchase of this bundle.  They stuff the extra cutting mat into the box and bend it beyond use. It has to be straight to properly work with the cricut. So you will find yourself having to go out and buy another one. For some reason Amazon takes out the purchase certificate and keeps it. It wouldn't be a big deal except the purchase certificate entitles you to free downloads of new designs from the cricut website. So you might save a few dollars when you buy the bundle package from a amazon, but you will end up paying a lot more to recover the stuff Amazon takes out or damages when they send it to you. And don't count on amazon making things right, they just said ""send it all back and we'll refund you within 7 business days""."
So many things to make and it is so easy to use.  Loving this machine.  So easy to create with this.
Received the item in the estimated time frame.  It is everything I wanted.  I would definately recommend for others interested.
I am so happy with my new cricut machine. It is fun too.  I am still learning all the features.
"I have not really had the opportunity to use this like I would like to (non-stop!) i have a lot of distractions right now from my crafting, but i did use get to use it once so far just to try it out, & it works like a charm! Pretty too!"
"I love my cricut espression.  I have considered the new one but it is not easy if you aren't computer savoy.  I make cards and stamped objects and after using my circuit I don't know how I lived without it.  It has opened up another world of ideas to create!  Yes you do have to buy cartridges but they have gotten very sophisticated images. Now some stamping companies like Close to My Heart have their own cartridges and coordinating stamps.  The shape is cut and then stamped, viola, no hand cutting."
I tried to cut vinyl the knife depth does not adjust and it cuts through the paper every time do not waste your money here!
"This is my second Cricut Expression. This is by far the best cutter on the market. I've tried others and am now back with the best. I was skeptical of using the Amazon Warehouse service but the price was so good I took a chance. They said it was ""used, like new"" and it arrived in ""new, never used"" condition! I will use this service again. Thanks to both Amazon Warehouse and Provo Craft!"
"First time to try crafting and when i see the pink edition I'm so in love right away, so fashionable and users friendly I encourage my friend to get one and now were both enjoying it :-)"
This is my first Cricut Machine and I absolutely love it!  Very easy to use.  I used this for decorating our entire school for a special event and the machine never failed me.  Highly recommend it.
"After much debate, and many nights cutting out massive amounts of letters and pictures for teaching, I decided to splurge and get the Cricut Expression 2 this summer.

Although I had seen other machines listed that were similar, I went with the name recognition of Cricut and thought it would be a blast! I was concerned with the need to purchse the cartridges, but I (foolishly) thought I could create designs using the Cricut Craft Room. Not an option, although I found this out while waiting for the machine to arrive via UPS.

Once the package arrived, the trouble began! I had a free hour or two to set it up and start cutting. I read all of the instructions, and was excited to get started. WRONG! The machine is listed as working with both PCs and Mac computers, however if you own a Mac you cannot initiate this machine to even begin using it.

I spent 5 + hours back and forth with Cricut customer service. While they were polite, they were pretty lost as to why I could not get the machine to work. In hindsight I find this unusual since there are messages all over the internet about the trouble people have getting this item to actual do what it should. Customer service insisted I find a PC to install all updates from before trying to connect to my home computer. Huh? I did as they asked, still encountering tremendous trouble on the PC (so I know it is not just a Mac issue). After another 1 1/2 hours of stress and trouble, I was able to successful install the latest drivers, etc.

So, it should work now as I attempt to go to their own online creative software, Cricut Craft Room, right? WRONG! After attempting numerous times to connect and use the online software, I tried to see if I could get the machine to cut on its own with one of the 800 preloaded designs. The TINY touch screen is a nightmare to maneuver through (I have many touch screen items and use them without trouble) and after calibrating 3 times, I cut one design out.

The paper tore and was sticking to the STINKY cutting mat. I say stinky because it reeked of moth balls or something pretty close. ICK! I was very careful and used the tool I purchased to remove the items, but it still was a mess. I seriously wanted to throw the machine out the window, but was able to clean it up and return for a refund where I purchased it. (Hooray)

Nightmare, from the minute I opened the box until the online site accepted the useless thing back. I am happy to say that my nightmare ended when I splurged a little more for the Silhouette Cameo. I will be leaving a review on that machine as well."
If your looking for creative expression I would not recommend a CRICUT.  ProvoCraft requires the exclusive use of their cutting cartridges...so your cuts will look just like everyone else's for $40 - $70 per cartridge that you'll use to do a couple of pages then it'll just collect dust.  The use of your own designs or other SVGs through programs like Make the Cut and Sure Cut's Alot ARE NO LONGER compatible with any ProvoCraft Cricut model.  Recommend spending a little extra on a cutter that allows creativity and save hundreds in the long run by not having to purchase the expensive Provocraft cartridges.
This thing is so cool. My beef with this is that it does not include a scraper or a spatula tool. You have to buy that a la carte. The pieces really stick to the mat otherwise. I think this is great and works for crafts but also for big bulletin board letters. No stencils and scissors! It's worth the money.
"Excellent product., exceeded all my expectations! So much you can do with it,,,not just scrapbooking. Make beautiful appliques with fabric, adorable specially in children's clothes, so well, worth the money,  I'm so glad I bought it."
"I love the cruicut!!!! Just be aware it can be a money pit unless your friends have them too so you can share cartridges. You will need to replace the sticky pads often (probably buy a 2 pack every other project at $11/pack). The cartridges only have one font or some shapes so you may need to buy a bunch to have a selection of things to make. They are about $20 (i think?) each. So if you have the money to blow and want a fun crafter, buy it. But if you are frugal (and smart) find a friend who owns one and just buy the sticky pads for $11 and craft away."
Love it my pink cricut!!! It came with everything that it said. Works great! Recomend to people that likes scrapbooking.
I like this machine however I am slightly annoyed by the mat you must use for the machine to cut out shapes.
I first used this product at a scrapbooking retreat. I have very limited supplies compared to the avid scrapbooker. I fell in love with this product & to date I only use for lettering. The time it saves from printing & cutting out yourself is so worth the price.
"I bought a Cricut Expression. It was described as ""USED, LIKE NEW"". It arrived withing a week but it didn't work at all. It was missing parts... Very dissapointed."
"My wife is an avid scrap-booker and card maker, so I got this for her for Christmas.  She uses it almost every day, and has made some very cool pieces with it.  Totally recommended for anyone with an artistic touch."
The crafts you can make with this are endless! I will use mine on a daily basis for everything from making invitations to a potty training chart! Absolutely love it!!
"Sorry have been slack in my review is great although when shipping to Australia would be good if we knew we had to get adaptor for power, but anyway is brilliant"
This is such a great deal for a Cricut.  Love all the capabilities of this machine. The Pink ribbon cartridge is great too.
Perfect! Bought this Cricut machine for my mother and she absolutely loves it ... I've even done some very cool stencils on this machine! Good price and shipped in perfect order! Thanks!
"I have an older 6"" model and it was great, but WOW this newer Expressions 2 Model is wonderful. I love that you can see the layout of what is going to be cut so that you can get the most out of your paper.

Other reviews said it was hard to use in some instances yet I have not found that to be so, maybe it is because others are expecting more from it that what it can do??

With its ability to lay out the mat we will be able to make vinyl letter signs for our Christian Book store, besides the many scrap book projects that I want to finish.

Well worth the 250 spent to purchase the Machine really can not find a reason to dislike that would be worth writing about."
love it does great job at cutting...i would get another one if i needed one...would recommend to anyone.. love all the different sizes you can do
"I was do excited to finally get a cricut !!!! When I went to use it for the 1st time my paper roils not load ...... I was reading the direction & I was not having any luck .... The next morning I contacted cricut & they said I would have to hook up to a computer & do an update ....... I had no such luck with the update , so I called back & they walked me thru the step again ..... No luck !!! Well they sent me a NEW pink cricut that same week .... The customer service was great, a live person every time & they were so great about my new toy !!! I am very happy with my purchase even tho I did have to call customer service, but they were great also !!! And I love my cricut !!!!"
"I ordered the Pink Expression from Amazon because it was a lot cheaper than my local craft stores and they offered free shipping. I also ordered the variety pack of adhesive vinyl (which is what I mostly use with my Cricut), a spatula, and a Cricut tool kit. I have been very happy with my Cricut and am always satisfied with products I order from Amazon. I've bought a few cartridges from craft stores (but only when they are in sale) and others I've bought from Amazon because they again beat the prices if the local craft stores. There are great youtube video tutorials to help you create different projects. If you love crafting or making personalized gifts for others, then you'll love this product!"
I am in love with the pink on my cricut.  It works awesome and i cannot wait to get a little creative
My wife loves it. Recommend this to anyone. She ha a great time using it and seems to find it easy to use
"My daughter helped me the first time I used it. Messed up my first sheet of lettering, because I should have used card stock, which is not really clear on instructions. Been having a great time combining Cricut cut outs, rubber stamping  & computer to print sayings onto cards before adding decorations."
The extra cartridges is the reason I chose this pink model over a reg. expression. The ribbon cartridge has some fabulous cuts!!
"I ordered this product and it arrived within a week. It was in excellent condition. I use it for scrapbooking. Now, having owned it for oer 6 months, I can honestly say that it was worth the money."
This product was exactly what I needed. It was an upgrade from the original circuit and allows me to cut out bigger designs. Perfect!
"Some setting are tricky to use and changing mat size is hard bit other than that I love it
It was a great gift"
Love it and we use this regularly. No mess and no problem using the product. Easy to use and instructions are easy to follow.
"It's great and does everything it says it does.  Quality throughout. The only thing that kinda stinks is I can't upload my own artwork. I'm stuck with what they 'let' you print, which in most cases is fine; but I'd you want to do something truly unique or custom you're screwed."
Recently made centerpieces for my niece's graduation party.  The Cricut Cutting machine made cutting multiple copies of the same item a breeze.  I'd recommend this product to my friends.
I accidentally dropped my old Expression during travel. I purchase the Expression with two cartridges (bundle). Great deal. Great product. The Expression is the best Cricut cutter.
"I had always wanted this machine but was always skeptical, but I am glad that I purchased it.  It does exactly what you program it to do.  Its fun and easy to operate."
"I have always wanted one of these and I finally was able to purchase one.  I am still learning how to maximize it's creating potential, but I am having a blast figuring it out.  I would recommend this to anyone!"
"I absolutely love this product. I purchased it to do decorations for gift bags table etc for my godchilds birthday. It was the best purchase I have made by far, and on Amazon because I searched high and low and they offered the best price, especially being a prime member! This is a must have for any crafter or scrapbook lover!"
Love the Cricut Expression! I need a machine that would cut vinyl for several projects and this is perfect. Love the cricut craft room design website.  I would definitely recommend for other crafters or scrapbookers.
"just love it  i can now do my own cards for all vents now i have show it around work  we don't have any think
 like this in New Zealand
and a big thank you"
My wife really likes this machine and the different abilities it has.  She has made several items from cards to doll clothes
"Great seller, fast shipping, item was new and works great.  Would buy from this seller again.  Great and fun item for kids and parents of kids for fun or school projects."
I have been thinking about purchasing a cricut machine for some time. Went to Jo Anne Fabric's and Michaels and than decided I would try Amazon. Amazon had the best price and when it arrived it was in excellent condition. Also really pleased with the tracking of the purchase. I highly recommend Amazon to anyone looking for the best price. Thank you
"Incredible tool to make cards, scrapbooking and more. It is very easy to use. I need a tutorial to know all secrets"
"I am not a high tech genius and was concerned about being able to figure this machine out....I DID! And, if I can, anyone can.
I LOVE, LOVE, LOVE it!

Happy Cutting,
Marcie"
"I do not know if I have always lucky and everything is going well ... Anyway, a month ago I made a purchase on this website and all excellent, and also have all super cheap. I bought an accessory and works perfectly,
 I'm lucky and everything is good!! Excelent!!
I invite you to visit the site! Excelent transaction !!!!  I'm lucky and everything is good!! Excelent!!"
There is no way to cut out your own pictures or logos. Images are limited to what you can buy on the company's website. Sad that you can cut out anything
"Great for scrap booking . Have used it a lot. Still learning, but trying a lot of different things. Grand kids also love it."
I love my new Cricut.  I've owned the small one for about 5 years and decided to try the Expression version. This one cuts much faster and is very easy to use.  The pink design on it makes it fun to look at.  I wish I had purchased this sooner.  ( :
"I returned this product to Amazon due to the following reasons:

After following directions more than five times for a firmware upgrade, it failed each time.
If your firmware did not upgrade you really can't use some of the online designs from Cricut.
I really want to like this product but the firmware upgrade just bugs the crap out of me."
"I was looking to upgrade my cricut, I had an original and was finding I wanted to be able to cut some larger items.  I assumed I would upgrade to the Expressions 2 but after reading a number of reviews on several sites, I decided it had some issues I didn't want to mess with.  So I got the pink expressons.  I love it.  It cuts beautifully.  I can flip, enlarge and set to length instead of height if I want.  It isn't any more noisy than my first machine.  Setting a smaller cutting size is so much easier than on my first machine.  Definitely would recommend this machine."
Don't know what happened with my first machine but it just quit working.  This second machine is working great and I love the Cricut.  The warranty is only good for a year so no getting one fixed but the machine is worth the price.
"Wonder deal!  Just wish it had different cartridges, since this is my second machine, and I already have the two basic cartridges."
I have had some difficulties in the past with previous CRICUT machines.  Am using this now and all seems to be going well and the cutting is much better than my previous one.  All cuts have been good and as per dialed.
I really love this cricut machine once I received I started using right away to make decorations for birthday party.
I had used one before that belonged to someone else and for the life of me i cannot figure out why i never got one before now. I do not use it as much as I would like to but when i really need it's there.
"I have owned a Cricut Personal & still own a Cricut Expression. The machine can & does cut, but you are very limited to what you can cut. I was one of the lucky ones who got in just under the wire & purchased Sure Cuts A Lot, which made the machine much better!  I loved being able to use any font off of my computer!!

When all of the lawsuits came about, I was extremely turned off by Provo Craft. This was definitely a bad decision as far as I'm concerned!  OK, I get that maybe by using SCAL, I wouldn't have bought any cartridges, BUT, I would still buy blades, mats & miscellaneous other accessories... But not anymore!  I have now switched to another machine & PC will not get any money from me again!  Also, not only have they banned 3rd party software, they've also quit updating their own software & it is now being discontinued!  The only option to design from a computer now is by using the Cricut Craftroom. I cannot comment on this because I've never tried it out, I personally don't like the concept. So, now, if I were to keep my Cricut & use Design Studio software, any new cartridges (from this month on) I bought would not be usable with the software!

Anyway, after getting tired of PCs tactics, I decided to look for something different. I purchased a Silhouette Cameo & love, love, love it!  Granted, it is not a stand-alone machine, it does have to be hooked up to a computer, but I do most of my crafting at my computer anyway & don't attend crops, so this isn't an issue for me. I now have the freedom to cut anything I can imagine & then some. Now Silhouette America will be getting my measly $10-$15 for mats & replacement blades & $0.99 for a file from their online store & apparently they're content with that... I know I am!

If you are in the market for an e-cutter, I STRONGLY recommend you at least look at your other options first. There are better ones out there with way more flexibility than the Cricut will ever have!"
"This is amazing!! If you are a crafter then this is a must. I have made birthday banners, baby shower banners, high chair banners, vinyl stickers, confetti, scrapbooking things. It is easy to use and was priced great."
"I purchased this machine for my daughter-in-law for Christmas, 2012.  She hasn't stopped using it since.  She absolutely loves it and has made some really amazing things with it so far.  It seems to be of great quality.  No problems at all to this point."
"Living in Australia I was shocked at the prices of Cricut Expression Machines, currently around $600.00 AUD, with a couple of online shops selling on special for around $400.00AUD but the postage is horrendous. I bought my Cricut from Amazon for $166.00AUD + $56.00AUD postage and I even received it at my door in 8 days!! I was amazed at the cheap price and especially the fast cheap postage to Australia. Cartridges here in Australia can be up to $96.00AUD but there are a couple of online craft shops that have good specials. All in all I am extremely pleased with my purchase of machine and cartridges - I bought about 9 and will continue to purchase from Amazon - the postage is brilliant. I have only had my Cricut for 3 days but I love how easy it is to use and I love the variety of the cartridges. I am an avid scrapbooker and card maker and I am amazed how all my cut outs turn out with clean cuts, and the layering function is magic it makes them all come alive. I would recommend it to anyone who wants ease of use, variety and beautiful, unique, handmade cards and scrapbook pages. Thank you Cricut & Amazon."
"I've found that this machine is great for scrapbooking, school projects and fun projects around the house and I would recommend it to anyone."
"Love the new bug.  Had an expression 1 and it got wore out.  This one is different but with some working with it, really liking some of the changes."
"Have wanted a cricut for so long and hubby kept telling me to wait as they would keep improving.  This deal came along and we both agreed - the wait was over.  For just one penny more I got the tool kit to go with it and since purchasing, have seen the prices on the tools and ONE PENNY was well worth it."
Great machine for the beginner scrapbooker.  Has all the necessary cuts for great scrapbook making.  would highly recommend this.  Easy to use.
"I don't really scrapbook. I might start after this, but making artsy layouts of personal photos (half of which were taken against my will) is just not how I would like to spend my time. I collect dolls, mostly Barbie, and I like to make little dioramas and backgrounds for them with various props and scrapbooking elements. (Yes, I'm one of *those* people.) I mostly wanted this for the Disney classics images and decided to get this to see if I liked it before I jumped into a&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Silhouette-Cameo-Starter-Kit-Bundle-Cutter/dp/B007R83VKE/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Silhouette Cameo Starter Kit Bundle Cutter</a>. Unless you are dead set on using specific licensed images, many of which are only available on the secondary market at inflated prices, you may just want to go straight to the Cameo instead.

Whoever tagged this as a throwback to printers and tech in the 1980s was spot on. The display and the cartridges make this thing look like some kind of dot matrix printer/Atari hybrid. A good systems analyst probably has all the parts to make one of these things stuffed somewhere up in his attic. They have a more advanced LCD touch screen on the Expression 2, but I read too many reviews citing screens spontaneously dying to risk it--especially with so many customer service horror stories.

I think this is meant for people who are not very computer-savvy. The promos and descriptions seem to emphasize its use as a stand-alone product. What gets me is that if you can keep track of what you've printed and where it's going to go on the mat, you should be able to figure out the Cricut Craft Room software. I suppose the up side of this is that if you're taking it with you, you wouldn't necessarily have to lug around your laptop as well. However I bet I could run the whole kit & caboodle on a tablet or a Dell Mini 9 with little or no hacking, maybe even wirelessly.

That said, the more they overtake the plumbing, the easier it is to stop up the drain. I tried using it without the computer, but it was slow and it still doesn't make efficient use of paper. I'm comfortable enough with computers and have no plans to start schlepping this machine all over the place for show and tell, so I'm using a Windows 7 PC. Craft Room software (available from the website) will be a breeze for most people to learn, even those not technically inclined. To me, having the layout in front of me on screen is much easier than trying to remember what I've input into the keypad, which shape is where, or what color I should load next.

Draconian DRM: I knew about this going in, and it's been discussed already in other reviews, but it bears mentioning again. Not only can you not unlink cartridges, but you can't import your own images. I see where this has already ticked off a lot of business owners who bought one of these to make their own logos and signs. When I've gotten tired of the same Disney images and generic shapes that everyone else has, and chasing after retired cartridges in the hundreds of dollars, a different machine and parting of ways seems inevitable.

The secondary market on some of the retired cartridges is kind of puzzling. I can understand this when there is absolutely no other way to get an image set you want, but Cricut sells digital versions of some of their retired cartridges at a fraction of what linked and non-linked physical cartridges go for on auction sites. When you buy a digital copy instead of a cartridge, you're tethered to a computer and you must have an internet connection. None of that bothers me, but I guess it bothers the people who want to use this computer-free, or who aren't comfortable with purchasing digital files. Even brand new, cartridges are heinously expensive. I expect to pay more for Disney, Hello Kitty and other licensed images, but for generic stuff they scanned out of a Dover catalog, they should not be gouging people like that.

Like other bugs, some Cricuts just need to be stomped. Just opening the box, it was easy to understand why some people hate this company so much. They included a power cord, and that was about it, besides a couple of cartridges that no one wants anyway. There are instructions too, but I don't know how they expect technically challenged people to be able to figure it out. They skimped on everything else, and I do mean everything. They didn't even include a cable for the computer, and that ought to come standard. I mean, I didn't expect wireless, but that's inexcusable whether they're pushing this on the computer-impaired or not.

If you already do a lot of scrapbooking and paper projects, chances are you already have extra tools to get started. If not, and if you get nothing else, get a paper cutter and a spatula. The spatula helps you get paper off the cutting mat. A paper cutter is useful for splitting sheets into halves so that you don't have to cut an entire sheet at once.

Because all I had was a pair of scissors, and because I saved so much by getting an Amazon Warehouse Deal, I got a&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Cricut-Essentials-Kit/dp/B000NTBNEA/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Cricut Essentials Kit</a>. This kit is overpriced and should have been included with the Cricut. The box set of tools kind of resembles a medieval torture kit and I'm not sure how to use some of them. I have to wonder if they took them from a dentist's office. I didn't realize the 6x12 mats were not for use with the Expression, and the 6x12 paper included in the kit is lackluster to say the least. A lot of paper crafters will find it redundant and probably already have better quality stuff. I am going to take a thorough look at all of it, but I have a feeling that I may send it back in favor of buying better tools or just getting individual pieces. Get the machine with the starter tool kit bundle if you really want to make cuts the minute you de-box it.

A couple of extra 12x12 mats will come in handy for getting more paper ready to go while one sheet is cutting, but I don't think I would get any more than 2 spares. They try to DRM you with these mats, too. If you use spray adhesive on them to get more use out of them, it voids the warranty. (Apparently just owning the Cricut voids the warranty.) Well, according to a lot of what I've read here, they don't stand behind their warranty anyway, so what's stopping you? I say once you've passed the 30 day return window with Amazon, if you're loving it, get a can of spray adhesive and cut those shapes till the blues go away. You'll spend enough money on replacement blades without sending these mats to the landfill every single time.

I guess the big question is, does it cut? Yes it does, and it does it well. I got great shapes on my first try on scrap paper, and I was quickly making shapes to keep. This is the sharp, precise stuff you would expect to find in a package of cutouts at the store. I will probably have all the Disney classics shapes that I want and few resources to keep buying cartridges for other things. In a few days, I'm going to be bored, and it appears that Cricut likes it that way.

Through litigation with extreme prejudice, Cricut has managed to crush third party software that allows you to make your own images or use anything that you didn't buy from Cricut. They can forget about cottage industries that would have made crafters happy and ultimately contributed to their own bottom line. Rude responses, stupid answers and avoiding warranty obligations are all over the place, and there are too many of the same kinds of complaints for it not to have some basis in fact. They want you to use all of their products, but they take none of the responsibility when something goes wrong. I keep seeing rumors of imminent bankruptcy, and it's not hard to believe.

Finally, I bought this as an Amazon Warehouse deal. The description said that the outer package might have some damage. It looked to me like the original Cricut seal had been broken, but everything inside had remained untouched. It worked just fine and you can return it within 30 days. Amazon is a 5 star retailer-- it's such a shame that this product is not.

Overall, I am happy with what I set out to do, but it leaves me wanting too much more. I cannot recommend this machine in good conscience. Unless you have your heart set on images you can't get anywhere else, do not buy this machine. Check out the Cameo, and if you do buy this, know what you are getting into. They don't back the quality of their work and they have business practices that would make Bernie Madoff blush with shame. They should call this machine the Suck Cut, because it sucks as it cuts--- mostly from your wallet, but especially from your creative spirit."
"I love the machine, only the cartridge that came gift essencial never worked, not who I contact to replace qeu, p odrian help me?
thanks. LILLIAN CRUZ"
"It has taken me awhile to learn to use it since I have never had a cricut before, and I continue to learn something new everyday, but this machine is amazing. I am so glad that I am finally able to say ""I am a cricut owner!!'

After researching all types of cutting machines, and who had the best deal, Amazon was at the top! They had the best price and best bundle that money could buy. Fast delivery as well :)"
"this is the best buy I have ever done. the cutter works just perfect and the Cricut Craft Room software makes it even better, easier and fun to use.
if you are thinking in buying one, just do it."
"I bit the bullet and bought my wife one of these from Michaels a couple of Christmases ago. I had my doubts about the Cricut's 1980s approach. For those who are latecomers to personal computers, back in the 1980s and early 90s printers required typefaces to be purchased as separate cartridges and plugged into the unit. Over time PCs grew up to use True Type fonts installed on the computer instead of swapping out cartridge fonts.

The Cricut revives this outdated technology. You know how cheap printers are loss leaders to sell expensive ink? You can't really say that the cutting device serves as a loss leader to move units of cartridges as the company's real business; at a couple hundred bucks the Cricut is hardly a loss leader.

The proprietary business model forces the scrapbooker to buy and collect cartridges. The major annoyance is that this gets pricey. Many of the cartridges my wife wanted came and went before she got the Cricut so if she wanted to scrapbook the Disneyland trip she'd have to buy the cartridges off eBay at whatever the going premium was. Occasionally she'd get a lemon that didn't work. This entire process should be entirely unnecessary. The minor annoyance is that cartridges lend themselves to unnecessary clutter.

The Cricut Expressions software worked on the old Windows Vista machine but I'm concerned that our move to Windows 8 could prove to be problematic. In searching for a solution the company's primitive support interface and search engine turned up an array of seemingly irrelevant results but I found a blog that provides a workaround for making some of the Cricut software work on the newer platform. (One of the other search results noted that Provocraft is now owned by Bank of America. Who knew?)

Creative spirits are not by nature Stepford consumers. If I had to do it over again I would have bought my wife the&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Silhouette-Cameo-Starter-Kit-Bundle-Cutter/dp/B007R83VKE/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Silhouette Cameo Starter Kit Bundle Cutter</a>. Reportedly it works well with third party software that allows you to use True Type fonts you already own such as&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/SCAL-Sure-Cuts-A-Lot/dp/B008P3XF6A/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">SCAL (Sure Cuts A Lot)</a>&nbsp;and Make-The-Cut (available through their own website)."
My wife and daughter have a great time creating all kinds of crafts with their Cricut expression. We like the it works with or without a PC.
"I purchased this machine after considerable research on March 14. It arrived shortly thereafter and I was excited to use it.  I had already read the manual online in anticipation, as well as watched the online videos.  I purchased the Critters 2 cartridge in addition to the 3 that came with the machine, plus the separate spatula tool and another set of tools.

When the machine got here, it was easy to set up. However, it didn't cut through the paper despite my setting it as recommended. I made adjustments and then it would drag through the paper and it would bunch up & tear.  After more adjustments it would sort of cut through it, but no way would it do intricate cuts. Overall, it didn't live up to the hype.

Next I tried connecting it to the Cricut CraftRoom. Before I could do that, I had to figure out how -- there literally was NO explanation on how to do this, and ProvoCraft neglects to tell you that you must purchase a separate USB printer cable (I used the one from my printer and then purchased an additional one for about $20).  After I had hooked up the machine to my computer, CraftRoom loaded and displayed a message that I needed to update the firmware.  I performed the steps it told me to, and then was informed that the update failed. I tried this several more times and gave up.

In the morning, I called ProvoCraft to seek help with the firmware update issue. I was told I had to first update in an antiquated program called Design Studio that apparently only worked on a PC (I have a Mac).  Since my Mac was running Windows via the Parallels program, I downloaded the older software and ran it, but it did not find the Cricut machine.  The customer service rep I was talking to said I just needed to use a PC and maybe I could borrow one from someone.  When I told the rep about the cutting issues I was having, she said that the firmware update should solve them (so this wasn't an issue where I would just not use the Craft Room -- I really did need the update or else it would really compromise the ability of the machine to cut successfully).

My next step was to use an old work PC with Windows to download and install DesignStudio.  This took several hours.  Once installed and hooked up, I attempted to run the update per the instructions I had been given.  Again, I got the failure message. I had to call ProvoCraft back again. I was told that they were busy and a service tech would call me in the next day or two and I could basically make an appointment. So, I made an appointment for 10am the next morning.

The next morning, 10am came and went and no one called me.  The following day, I received a call in the middle of the day from a service tech who said they were very busy (maybe due to all the defective machines!) and he determined that my machine was probably just a lemon. He sent me instructions for disabling it -- basically cutting the band that moves the blade or something -- and said as soon as I emailed him a picture of the disabled machine they would send a new one out. It was a Friday morning and he said I should have a new machine the following week provided I sent the picture that day.  They did not have a pink machine like I ordered and would just send me a plain gray and cream one.

Grudgingly (as this was sad given how excited I was about the original machine), I cut apart the pink Cricut and sent him the email about 1/2 hour after the call (still early in SLC but on the East Coast it was around 3pm).  I received no confirmation but figured I'd get one that day. No such luck.

The next week I checked email each day and the mail each day and there was no sign of a replacement Cricut.  I sent a follow-up email to the service tech I spoke with asking for some kind of confirmation or status update or tracking number. I received no response.

Finally, on Friday afternoon, I called Cricut Customer service again and was on hold for about 20 minutes before getting through.  I explained my situation to the person who answered and she was able to locate my tracking number. If all goes well, I will get a replacement machine in another week.  I asked if the 1-year warranty would start over given this will be a different machine and she said no. I explained I was never able to even use the machine I purchased on the 14th successfully because of all the problems, and had considerable delays reaching customer service and working through the issues. I was told that the warranty starts on the date of purchase regardless.

So, to sum up, I have *tried* to use this machine, but at this rate it will have been about a month after purchase before I have a machine I can actually use (if I'm lucky!), and I'll be hoping that the replacement gray/cream machine works.  I was told I will need to go through the whole antiquated updating process all over again to get it to work with the Craft Room, so I'm a bit apprehensive at this point.  I don't know if all the pink machines have issues or if I was just unlucky,.  I was going to try the Expression 2 originally, but the reviews were so bad I didn't dare (and the cost was more, anyway).

I may update this review with experience on the replacement machine if there is interest, but at this point, I couldn't possibly recommend the Cricut Expression.  On the positive, the seller was quick to ship, the item was packaged well, and theoretically, Provo Craft will eventually solve the issue (except with regard to the warranty).  I think they know these machines are kind of crappy in terms of how they're built, which is why they found it cheaper/easier to replace mine and have me destroy it rather than send it back, plus they are very clear and unwavering about making the warranty start at the time of purchase, not at the time you receive the machine or receive a replacement machine. So - buyer beware!!"
A great purchase of a product that is so versatile. It is a must have for all scrappers. Love it
I am a huge scrapper and was so excited to buy this product.  It was terrible.  I ended up getting rid of it because there was one problem after another with it.  I had used other Cricut's but this one was not what I expected. Since then I have not recommended to anyone to buy a Cricut.
"I really like it.  I haven't had time to explore all I can do with it yet, but expect it to be fun to use."
"I love my cricut! I'm not a huge scrapbooker but I have three children and its been fantastic for science fair and school projects. I've used it to make birthday signs and gift bags. It works wonderful for what I need it for. I did notice it had a hard time with very small letters, it kept ripping them. I haven't had a chance to practice on adjusting the blade or really playing with all the features. I'm very happy with it!"
"This machine is great when it works properly.  I have been using the Cricut Expression for 3 years. This was a replacement for my 1st machine.  The EXPRESSION is much more user friendly than the new EXPRESSION 2 model ... which I tried and had to return due to distortion of cuts.  I went back to the EXPRESSION. BUT be sure to test it out thoroughly .... many times without turning off ... before the 30 day return period expires.  This is the second replacement with same issue ... blade drags when repositioning and cuts over previously cut images.  Amazon gave EXCELLENT customer service for returning/replacing.

Update:  REALLY TRY THEM OUT WHEN YOU GET IT ... don't wait past the 30 day return period.  I have since had to return 2 more of the original expression.  Again, they were easy to return through Amazon but I gave up on trying another Expression and am back to trying the Expression 2"
"I got the cricut to make invitations for my daughter's birthday party and have found so many uses for it! I've monogrammed so many things as gifts.  It's so easy to use that I was cutting within minutes.  I haven't used the online programs yet, but I'm sure they are great too.  I hate that the cartridges are on the expensive side,  but they are well worth it.  I would definitely recommend this to anyone!"
"I have had my cricut expression for 3-4 years and I loved it for scrapbooking.  I have recently been searching for replacement parts for my cricut due to my sizing wheel wasn't functioning anymore, however once I contacted the service department for the machine I was sadly informed that if an item made from cricut company malfunctions or breaks there is nothing they can do for you.  They pretty much said I was out of luck and I was very unhappy. I spent that much money on this machine and to be told its junk now!  So needless to say the only way u can replace these items are to buy a used one for parts which can cost anywhere from 50.00 - 100.00!  Won't be investing any money into this machine and will definately do more research on the item I plan to buy next.  Good luck."
"I would recommend this product to anyone who loves crafts, and wants a good cut.  Thank you and have a nice day"
I would love this better if I had know before I purchased it  that I could not use the Sir Cuts program any longer.
I love the Cricut but haven't explored it completely.  Am anxious to really get started with it.  What I have done with it so far has been fun.  Time is my culprit but I plan on using much more.  I belong to a card club and we all have projects involving the Cricut.
"This is an amazing machine.  For me it took a lot of practice before I got the hang of sizing, etc.  I like the downloaded ""cartridges"" better than the regular ones.  I'm disappointed that the mats lose their tackiness so quickly.  There must be a way to restore them or the cost of replacements will determine how much use I get out of the machine.  The cartridges seem a bit pricey, but some downloads do come with a discount."
"I really loved the cricut machine for it's precise cutting ability, I did not give it a 5 star because I ended up returning it.  This is not provocraft's fault, I should have done more research before purchasing.  The company no longer lets the machine work with 3rd party software that lets you use your own font and images.  I thought that I could.  I simply could not afford to keep buying $20-$30 cartridges every time I wanted a new font or 1 or 2 specific images.  I was sad to return it, but the added expense of all the accessories needed to make the machine work ruined it for me."
I bought this for my wife to help keep her creative habits alive and kicking and she uses it for everything. It was a great purchase and the fact that lots of the accessories can be found on Amazon makes the a great device.
The machine Arrived within a week and is easy to use with very clear instructions. I'm delighted. All I need now is a spare month to play with it
"I was dissapointed that the company has made it impossible for you to use their product with anything other than their own overpriced cartridges.  I returned the one I purchase and bought a very similar item from another manufacturer with a less greedy business model.  I did use the machine once after I bought it and it did fine, So if you want to be restricted in your creativity by the availability and price of the cricut carts, buy this.  I have told cricut and now I am sharing with all of you that I would not support this company unless they change their policy."
I have the small Cricut machine that I have used for years. The larger Cricut Expression is great for full size images to make my scrapbook pages really good and so easy to use. Thanks Cricut for making my scrapbooks go from boring to great!.
"After much research and price comparing, I ordered this at a price I thought was darn good.  The very next day, it came on sale, $12.49 cheaper. I called Amazons Customer Service and received a credit. When the machine came, I set it up and found the size button to be broken. It just spun round and round and no matter what, I got 3"" letters ! I called Amazon and a new machine was sent out immediately. It arrived 2 days later and it is fine. Thank you Amazon for your speedy response and service !"
"The Cricut Expression Electronic Cutting Machine from what I've seen so far does what it says, I've only had it a couple of weeks and haven't had a chance to spend a lot of time with it yet but am hoping to soon!"
I just got this and have only had time to mess with it a little bit. So far so good! Seems pretty simple to use! I think I will have a lot of fun with it!
"I finally broke down and bought my own Cricut Expression after borrowing the one my church owns and I'm so glad I finally did it.  Amazon shipped it very quickly and I had it within 2 business days after ordering it (used Prime), and it was in great condition when I received it.  THE ONLY THING IS... I was super frustrated with the machine the first time I used it because it wouldn't cut the paper properly! It wouldn't even give a clean cut on basic computer paper (and yes, I know how to use a Cricut I've used one before).  I was so upset because I had been so excited to use it.  I thought the blade that they sent me to use might already be dull, so I called Cricut Customer Service about the problem. They told me that this happens all the time when you first receive a Cricut, they said the problem was with the blade holder (not the blade itself).  They also said they would send me a new one for free, but I had to wait 10 business days to receive it.  Not wanting to wait, I went to Michaels and bought one so I could finally use my Cricut.  The one I bought works perfectly, and it even works perfectly with the original blade they had sent me (which tells me that the problem I was having was not because the blade was dull, it was because the blade holder that Cricut sent me did not work properly). To make a long story short, I would suggest either purchasing an extra Cricut blade holder from Amazon or from your local craft store along with purchasing your Cricut so that you don't run into the same problem I had.  I'm thinking that the blade holder that comes with the Cricut machine is not very good quality, so you may need an extra one. Other than this setback, I LOVE LOVE LOVE my Cricut and would recommend it to everyone looking to purchase a die-cut machine!"
I love this machine. I have found it easy to use. The only problem I have is that I have to disconnect it from the laptop each time or it loses connection. Easy enough to do. I would highly recommend this machine.
"She loves it! My Mom was crafty before, now she is SUPER crafty. Go Mom Go! This lady makes almost pure professional looking cards for the whole family!"
"I love this machine! I am not sure what I would do without it! I make cards, gift tags and banners with this machine! Worth the money!"
"I have the original personal Cricut and it was wonderful, but the Expression is excellent!  It was delivered to my home in three days."
"Bought this to do 1 thing. Cut out my own logos and pictures. After setting it up and downloading the software, I found out you can NOT use your own images. You must buy Cricuts images at $40.00 a cart. You can not get any thrid party software to use with a Cricut. The greedy company is sueing anyone who made software that worked with their machines.
So, if you want to cut out any images you have forget about a Cricut. I feel this was a very bad idea on the greedy CEOs part. I you spent $300.00 on a product to be creative you should be able to use you own ideas and designs. Not just some crap the company thinks up."
the machin is broken in one pieze.  What can i do for replece or change de machine. is so importan to my.
"I got this for my wife and she hasn't put it down. The possibilities are endless. She loves this make and model over many of the others you can find. Apparently, this one has the attachments and extra cartridges that any crafter needs. The instructions were simple and it was basically ready to go out of the box. She has used this for about 4 months now and still loves it! We recommend this one to everyone who loves crafting and DIY gifts."
"I returned this. I had done quite a bit of research on cutting machines, but when I realized that you cannot print your own images and you have to pay $25+ for each cartridge it just wasn't worth it. I bough a silhouette cameo instead. It is a bit more expensive, but no additional cartridges required to purchase!

I haven't received my refund yet, so I can't comment on their returns process."
"I was able to use it (although on a simple scale) right out of the box, thanks to the quickie how-to guide.  I have not had a chance to really put it through it's paces, yet, but I was very happy with the product and the shipping.  it was not broken and there were not missing parts. The demo software it came with had more than enough things to use to get me started."
great machine i love it. I have a larger variety of sizes to cut now.highly recommend it. a great purchase
"Love this little machine; would not recommend this for someone who is just 'dallying' in crafts because of the cost, but if you are
into your craft or business seriously, this will save you time when having to produce embellishments.  Easy to operate and does not take up a lot of room."
"Got this for a Christmas present for my SIL as she's been drooling over mine for a few years.  Gotta say....I am jealous of the pretty pink!

She LOVES her cricut!"
this unit will not accept external input from computer must just be for crafters but useless to make you own designs
Wife loves it.  Her friends love it!  Well worth the money.  Easy to use.  12 by 12 platform.  Must have.
Great gift for my daughter in law.  She loves it.  The instructional CD was missing in the box though.  Good service and quick delivery.
I like this prodcut I have been making new craft projects with it. I have even gone back and updated some of my scrapbook pages because of this product.
"This is a fantastic machine that is so easy to use, and can be used in many different crafts and projects. I bought mine for scrap booking purposes."
My daughter in law loves it.  She is anxious to begin using it in her classroom to help with decorating bulletin boards.
"Bought  in Dec 2012 for Christmas, $199 with free shipping from Amazon. My wife is a Pre-School Teacher & uses it often, after 1 month it's working great. Good directions make it easy to set-up & use out of the box, cartridges are a bit expensive. The Cricut on line store is less expensive if you are computer savy."
"The Cricut Expression 2 Starter Tool Kit Bundle has everything you need to get you started right away, and it was really easy to use. I recommend this product to anyone, especially my friends and family."
I purchased this as a Christmas gift for my wife which is a school teacher and she fell in love with it! It's truly amazing
"Excuse me if this review pops up twice! I have wanted a Cricut Expression for awhile, but kept thinking it was too expensive. When I saw it on Amazon with 3 cartridges ( the cartridges are $20 to $75 depending on where you buy them, and which ones you want). I estimate the value of these cartridges to be $100). I love this machine! I wish I had bought it years ago! The projects I could only imagine are now a reality. I am not limited by how far in a punch will go onto paper, by intricate hand cutting, or by the unvariable size of a die cut plate, like a detailed picket fence and tiny flowers, this machine will do it. I used to pay $5 for pre-cut stickers and other embellishments, but now I make my own and in what size I prefer. I have crafted for 30 years and the Cricut helped take me to another level. The machine may seem complicated, but it is not. If you are concerned, go to YouTube and search for how to use the Cricut Expression. There are hundreds of videos with not only instruction, but also tutorials for scrapbooking, card making, and altered books, mini-albums, wall decor, and more, all you make using this machine. I had considered the smaller Cricut, but this is a far more versatile choice, and cuts 12 x 12 paper. Even if you think you won't need it, you WILL. I have paid for this machine in 4 months of use, saving on those expensive embellishments, and rub on sentiments, this cuts out letters and sentiments which vary by which cartridge you have. I use the Cricut gel pens and markers to have it write the sentiments, again in what ever size you desire. I find that Amazon and ebay have the best prices on cartridges, but if you get this bundle, you are set for awhile. If you are on a budget, I recommend just one more cartridge, ""Artiste"" which is expensive, but it takes the place of many others and turns out to be cheap in the long run. So in closing, this machine cuts, writes( markers and pens sold separately),paper, cardboard, vinyl and chipboard (you may need a deep cut blade and housing) and other material. You can even make clear stamps with the Cricut stamp kit. As I said before, get online and search the Cricut website and better yet, do an internet search for ""cricut videos"" and that is all the instruction and information you need. Some scrapbook sites like Splitcoast Stampers have discussion blogs and tutorials too. I almost forgot - you can connect your machine at the Cricut.com site, and they have a ""craft room"" where you can design and purchase specific images! I have not tried this yet, but have seen YouTube videos.  Have fun!"
"Works just great for me like it was suppose to haven't had any trouble wit it at all  ( as long as I stay out of her way LOL
All jokes aside it is a fine machine no problems easy to learn how to operate"
"I purchased the Cricut Expression from Amazon as a Christmas present for my fiance.  She's an art teacher, so I figured she'd be able to use this machine to cut out templates and designs for her students.  I quickly found out that you CANNOT cut your own designs with this machine!  I can't believe that Provocraft would put such a ridiculous bottleneck on something that could be really great!  I'm furious, and returning this product for something that truly does what it should.  It's like having a printer that only prints pre-made writing programmed on a cartridge.  Unbelievable!"
"I am pleased with my purchase, but my mat was all rolled up in the box, not sure ill ever get it straightened out...which makes me sad because I probably won't get to use it!"
"I have been scrapping for about 3 years. I have been using other people's cricut when we get together for our scrapping weekends. Now I have one of my own and I love it. For birthdays and Christmas, when my kids ask me what do you want, I will let them know either a gift certificate or I'll give them a title of Cricut cartridge I want."
"I purchased this cricut for my wife in May of 2011.  it worked great for a bout a year and then I had to start resetting it every other time she used it.  eventually it got to the point where it wouldn't cut anymore.  I just scored the paper.  It didn't matter the thickness of the paper.  We even tried regular printer paper and it couldn't cut through it.  We changed out the blade several times and even tried the deep cutting blade and housing.  No luck.  After doing some research I read that you could try updating the firmware.  So I downloading the design studio software and followed the instructions for updating.  Now the cricut won't do anything but go into update mode.  At least before I could apply pressure with my finger and get it to cut.  But now I have an expensive night light.  I will be contacting Provocraft directly next so I can at least say I tried.

If you're considering this cutter, do some research.  There are more people angry with this product and PC than are happy.  I wish I had spent the extra $100 on the silhouette that lets you use custom designs.

Do not buy this product!"
"Easy to use, love the 12 x 12 feature.  The projects that can be done with this cutting machine is endless."
I have another cricuit but this one can do a lot more once you get the hang of it. Like being able to cut larger images.  A little different than my other cricuit so did take some getting used to but really like it now.
I love my new Cricut.  It was a great buy and I am sure I will be getting a lot of use out of it.  Haven't had a chance yet to use it much yet but what I have done I am really impessed.
Nice product! The wife loves it! Does everything she  wanted it to do and more. Starter kit is a bonus to come with it ext mat any tools.
This was given as a Christmas gift. He wanted it for his school work and uses it all the time.
"I started with a Cricut Personal machine a quickly learned that I wanted to be able to cut larger images. I LOVE this machine! You can cut intricate detail and images up to 12x24"". The variety of cartridges is amazing. The machine is reliable & supplies are easy to get. I make scrapbooks with teenagers and the machine is easy for them to use (with adult supervision of course.)"
It was all we could expect! We would recommend this product to a friend. It is worth the money if you have it.
I love my new Cricut Expression Die cut machine.  I will purchase this product again.  This item met my expectations.
This was purchased for my wife as a Christmas present and she loves it. Her only complaint is that it is louder than she thought it would be.
The first one they sent me did not work but when I called Amazon took care of me right away. They over nighted me a new one right away and it was fine. They gave me a return label to return the broken one which was great so I didn't have to pay shipping. All and all they have given me great service and I am very happy with my Cricut Expression Cutting Machine.
"I use this thing all the time. For just about any project you can think of, from wall decals (buy vinyl sheets or rolls) to garage sale signs."
I really like my new cricut expression 2 and all the preloaded cartridges. I had the original cricut and the expression 2 I feel I will be able to create more scrapbook pages.
"Came in with no problems, works great and learning a lot about designing scrapbook pages for all the fun trips we have been on!"
"Wife loves it, works perfect as it is advertised, would recommend it for any one who asked me to. Good."
"This is my first Cricut and I love it.  I opened it up and was able to use it right off.  I had one little glitch in that the next day the power supply would not work, but I called Provav Craft directly and they replaced it immediately with no pproblems at all.  I just received a bunch of cartridges for Xmas and am anxious to try them out."
"This was bought for my daughter-in-law that is a teacher.  Although I really don't know anything about the product she absolutely loves it!  Product arrived quickly and was in good condition,"
"Love the product but, disappointed that cricut points were not included with the machine or the cartridges my friend bought one for the same price at a local store and points were included"
Just what my wife wanted she is very happy with it therego I am very happy with it and it came very fast faster than i expected
The Circuit Expression Electronic Cutting machine did not come with the Plantin Schoo;book Cartridge.. It did not state that it was omitted.
This was my first cricut and after getting the hang of it it's really upped my hosting abilities! Love it!
"I have a lot to learn, but so far it's been fun. There are so many possibilities for using this machine and there is good support on cricut.com. I am also ging to watch videos about the Expressions machine on youtube.com."
"My boyfriend purchased this for my birthday and the price wa great-half off what it normally is. It came with two starter cartridges, a mat, and an extra blade. it does not come with a spatula tool (which I recommend). I am using it mostly to cut vinyl but I have made some gift bags, gift tags, and I made all my own XMAS card envelopes this year. I truly LOVE this machine,."
"My Wife spends a lot of time in our kids classrooms at School, she loves to spend time coming up with new ideas for projects for the kids. The Cricut will work great for Her and her crafting."
Just what I wanted at a good price. Already used it and runs just fine. Like the variety of items you can make with it. Much more versatile than the original Cricut.
Brand new as stated and received very quickly.  I am very satisfied with the Cricut Expression Electronic Cutting Machine. Love it.
This has been my favorite buy in many years. I used it for daycare projects as well a scrap booking.
"There are several reasons why I rated this a 4. First, the cost involved. If the machine was cheaper.
Product came as described with all of the extras inside of the box. This will be a Christmas gift for my mom that is a teacher so we will see how well it works"
I bought it as a gift that has earned me many brownie points. I have not used this product but have seen all its uses and recommend it for scrapbooking.
"Was a gift to my brother, but when he opened it, it was clearly used, not new.  They were nice about replacing the product, but it  was a hassle to deal with, period."
"I loved my Create, but really I like the Expression. You have more options for creating larger words, pictures, etc.."
"I received my Cricut Expression three days ago and I have already made several projects. I held off buying one of these cutting machines, because I didn't feel like I would use it enough. Boy was I wrong. I have found this machine to be easy to use, especially with the software downloaded to my computer. I do have to work in the computer room instead of my craft room, but it is so easy to type my letters into the software, press cut and away we go. It is a real treat and I am having a great time using the Cricut Expression for my Christmas projects."
I chose this machine over the expression 2 because the reviews were terrible for the 2.  So far I haven't had any problems the the paper loading or the blade.  I recommend getting the spatula tool to lift the paper off the sticky mat.  It is worth it!
"I made the mistake of buying this before Provocraft sued the software companies whose products made it possible for you to cut ANYTHING you could create in a computer (fonts, line art) via an application and a USB connection.  They didn't like the idea that we could have the freedom to cut anything we created, and decided we would be limited to ONLY their cartridges and THEIR design ideas, at about $40 apiece (and again, NOT our designs).  Cricut is the only cutting machine that has bullied these companies into making their machine incompatible.  SO...if you don't mind paying $40 every time you want to try a new design, AND....you don't mind not being able to use your thousands of TrueType fonts and line art graphics instead of one font per cartridge, the machine cuts well.  And hey...contact me, I may know of one that will be listed here soon LOL.

PROs: Cuts.

CONs: No creative freedom, locked in to Provocraft's cartridge racket at $40+ a pop."
Product came as described with all of the extras inside of the box.  This will be a Christmas gift for my wife so we will see how well it works in a few weeks.
Have the first (smaller) one.  Love them both but the flexibility of having the larger size is great.  Options are far more flexible than previous machines.  Love it
"this is my first Cricut, so I can't compare it to the other machines.  I will say, I do love the E2 and wish I had bought it sooner.  However, this was a great price ($199) for the E2 and it came with extras.  I have read some negative reviews about using the Cricut-Craft-Room (an on-line program that allows you to work with the designs).  Cricut recommended I do a CricutSync once a month, but I also notice the connect from my E2 to my laptop is not as snug as it could be.  So, I make sure to prop something against the cable to ensure the connection is stable.  Seems to workout fine.  I am happy with my purchase."
This is product is worthless spend you money else where! I bought it to print my logo in vinyl for my store just to find out that it will not let me use my own graphics. I want to know who is the moron that thought up this stupid idea! Worst product ever I feel robbed!
"They sued companies to limit and lock the buyers to designs by Cricut or the owner. This happened in 2010. I made the mistake of buying a Cricut, and will sell it for used. It limits you, and ""commoditizes"" you ARTIFICIALLY solely to maximize their chances of forcing more cartridges on you. There are way to create your own designs, but no way to leverage the millions of SVGs and things already on the web. The shapes are limited to what you draw, or buy from Provo."
"This machine is great! I have the original machine as well, but this one can do multiple cuts for school.
Mats last for a long time; you can extend their life by using light tack spray on adhesive. My girls use it all the time and it is their favorite playdate activity."
"I'm a new crafter, I didn't think I needed this machine. When I saw what it could do I had to have one. I love pink and I found one on Amazon. I am in love with my machine and its pink. My machine works great and it didn't take long to receive. Thanks amazon."
"The cricut works well with the cartridges but that is all. I had wanted to cut out my own designs from Adobe Illustrator files I created myself but that is not possible. In fact, Provo Craft has successfully sued the makers of third party software that would help creative individuals cut their own designs. It is incredibly frustrating that this company chose to limit what paying customers can do with their products rather than simply becoming better innovators.

If you want your only limit to be your imagination, this is not the machine for you. If you are ok purchasing more and more proprietary cartridges and only working with the creations of others, then yes, buy the Cricut.

(FYI I'm on a Mac and their Cricut Craft Room does not work at all well with OS 10.7. I've also read their desktop software is not at all compatible with Mac's.)"
"I used to own this machine and tons of cartridges. When I was no longer able to purchase cartridges due to budget constraints (Cricut cartridges are rediculously expensive), I wanted to purchase the Sure Cuts Alot program which is a third party cutting program that allows you to cut out any true type font and images you find on the internet. When I went online to shop for the program, I discoverd that Provo Crafts attorneys filed suit against the makers of SCAL and the Makes the Cut programs and now, those programs can no longer be used on the cricut. People who have purchased the cutting programs years ago can no longer update them and if they do, they can no longer use the program. I was irate about this. I immediately listed my cricut machine and all of my cartridges on ebay and sold it. I stumbled upon the sizzix eclips machine on the sizzix website. Sizzix even sells the machine bundled with the SCAL program! You can also purchase the machine by itself. It comes with one cartridge, cutting mat and blade and other stuff as well. It is identical to the cricut machine and they even sell it bundled with the SCAL program. Their cartridges are way cheaper than the cricut cartridges and they seem to have twice as many images on them. Tim Holtz even has his own line of cartridges for the eclips machine. Sizzix also offers a payment plan where you can spread out the cost of the machine over three months. The cutting mats and replacement blades I think are cheaper than cricut to. The only thing is, I have never seen this machine or its cartridges at Joanns or Michaels. I just purchased the eclips machine the other day, I can't wait for it to arrive. If you're in the market for an electric die cutting machine to use with SCAL or Makes the Cut, stay away from cricut. The sizzix eclips machine, its cartridges and replacement cutting mats and blades are way cheaper than cricut. I think sizzix also has free shipping right now to."
This is the better cutter.  Much better than the newer models that they have put out.  A must have for all vinyl crafters.
"I did not think I would have to write a review for this machine since mostly crafters buy them and they know how awesome they are.  Well lately I have friends who, with good intentions, their husbands bought them the model after this release, the all digital version and the wives are not happy.  It's very hard to learn how to use it compared to this model where you still use the plastic overlays and you can move the blade to anywhere you want to start on the page.  If you open the box it cannot be returned, no matter where you purchased it so buy the right model before you open it.  Order this machine!!!!!!!  Also another little tip, you might want to buy a new blade and switch it out as soon as you open your machine.  The one it ships with seems to not be as sharp.  Many friends have experienced this also."
"I have had a 6"" machine for years. The 12"" is 110% better and faster and much better at the cutting of good pieces."
"I have been using it now for a few months and have found so many different uses. I have made large signs, small sigs, vinyl letting for windows. I just love it. The best thing I have purchased in a very long time. Well besides my new car, which I didn't get from Amazon.com."
"I love this product! I enjoy creating personalized gifts and cards and have done so for years. This personal cutter is easy to use and the end products carry a professional look. I use to pride myself on searching out the perfect card to send to friends and family and now I simply create them. The ability to create my own boxes for baked goods and other gifts and a polished touch to my gifts. In addition, decorations and accent pieces for themed events have been a hit."
I love it!  I had previously been using the smaller machine but after buying a new computer found the firmware in the new computer wouldn't work with my old cricut when using the Design Studio program.  How is that for a good excuse to buy a newer and bigger machine?
"This machine has so many differnt expressions.  It was definitely what I expected and beyond.  It is sturdy, easy to use and I love the large variety of cartridges to choose from."
"This was a gift given to our family because we like doing arts and crafts things together.  The cricut does exactly what it is designed to do- it cuts designs into various paper types, using pre-programmed images.  This is not a Ferrari of machines.  It is more like public transportation.  It will move you to your destination just like it does everyone else, but what you see is what you get.

This is a plug and play kind of thing.  pick your image, cut it out, ta-da.  But if you are big on saving that paper, you are in for a surprise because you cannot manipulate the images to save paper.  This machine does not rotate images or let you 'cheat' by using parts of an image, even when using the online Craft Room Software.

The online Craft Room software will allow you to plan your sizes and paper use a bit better, but it is not an advanced program.  If you are used to being able to design using Publisher-type programs, this is not going to make you smile.  Instead, your ten minute idea will take an hour or two because of system hangups, improper cuttings if you try to use layering in a way it doesn't like, etc.

Support is limited.  There is online help.  Lots of people asking for help, lots of canned answers.  Lots of happy people... and you hope that they are real, and not paid to put on positive posts.  Because you really feel out in the cold when the resonses you get don't really help solve any issues, but instead tell you there is something wrong with your computer.

Again, I give it three stars because it does what it says it does.  My 10 year old daughter enjoys it, and 12 year old has been able to make the designs work.  But I am frustrated by overpriced images, the inability to really work with the images I have purchased, and the inability to use personally designed images.  I will be looking into the Silhouette, which allows you to use .jpeg and .gif files (which are available all over the place for free)."
"Cricut should have left well enough alone after this machine.  Both the Expression 2 and the Imagine were overwhelming with their problems.  The mini is ok for small basic projects.  This machine is hands down the best, and Ive had pretty much all of Cricuts products."
"What a fun maker this is! I have used this for so many different projects...cards, scrapbooking and posters to name a few. Pulled it out of the box and it was pretty much ready to use. Simple to use and lots of fun cartridges available."
"After having tried out a Cricut Expression 2 at a store which I disliked intensely I started looking for the older Cricut Expression.  Since Cricut came out with the newer model it was hard to find the older one, but I found it on Amazon and ordered it.  I love this machine and the service from Amazon was fantastic.  Free shipping and received it in just a few days.  LOVE IT and love ordering from Amazon."
"Bought this for my wife for Mother's Day.  It replaces the original Cricut which cut miles of paper over the past few years.  The Expression arrive quickly, albeit with a slight abrasion on the painted enclosure from bouncing around in the shipping package.  Not to worry, she didn't notice and the machine cuts flawlessly, and without the ""bugs"" the original version of the cricut exhibited.  She's made huge cuts that she could not have done without the larger size of the Expression, as well as tiny decorative pieces. All in all, a good purchase - works great."
"I had been looking for the cricut expression for several months, trying to decide on this model or the new expression 2, I'm very happy with this product and plan to complete many projects using it."
"I am really pleased with how easy this product is to use,and is time saving as well.
No more left over alphabet letters just cut what i need."
"It's a shame you can't customize cuts. If PC made a program allowing for cuts from computer, rather than getting rid of the ability to use Sure Cuts a Lot. They will lost buyers over this."
"I've lusted after the Expression since they first came out. However, because my original Cricut (which I bought when they first came out to replace the temperamental Wishblade) not only did everything I needed it to, it never gave me a problem and the smaller original's also very portable, so I couldn't seen any reason I really, really needed it.  (Want and Need are such a razor's edge apart, lol.)

But then I started making blank inside greeting cards through Operation Write Home for deployed troops so send back home, and suddenly, the ability to adjust my sizes to smaller intervals than those original Cricut 1/2"" margins became really important.  When you're talking about an A2 card, having 1/2"" margins around a double matted stamped 3"" circle takes up too much room.  So, I ordered it from Amazon, because I trust their return policy if it didn't work, and it was perfect right out of the box.  I also chose it over the upgraded version that uses a touchpad because I have a full time job writing, so I don't have the time nor inclination to deal with a learning curve.  The keypad on this is exactly what I'm used to, so I was able to make card embellishments right away.

As for the price of the cartridges, there are always sales online. If you sign up for various sites' newsletters, you'll get updates when things go on sale. I hardly ever pay more than $14.99 for a cartridge and can't remember when I paid more than $20. Considering all the options on each cartridge, I consider it well worth the price to have such a no-problem, do-exactly-what-I-need-it-to-do cutter."
"I purchased the Cricut Expression after enjoying the original Cricut for about two years. On my new Expression, I had problems with the blade housing and then problems getting good cuts. On items that were supposed to have straight lines (such as a rectangular card) it would over-cut at the end, leaving a jagged edge for me to have to manually fix. On more detailed cuts, such as butterflies, it would always slice one of the antennae off as it was cutting.

After trying all of the ideas that customer service suggested (re-setting the machine, down-loading a ""fix,"" and taking numerous photos and sending them to the company) Provo Craft agreed I should return the defective machine and sent me another. Problem is, this machine is doing the same thing. Now they want me to jump through the same hoops and cut through the same red tape as before. I KNOW how to use these machines, yet it seems they are implying that I don't. I try different types/weights of card stock, different pressures, different blade depths and different speeds- all with the same results. I have a sharp blade and a new mat. They aren't very nice to me now, although I have never been the least bit unpleasant to them.  I don't know how this will end, but at this point I'd just like my money back so I can find a product that works.  It feels like they just want me to go away, so if they are rude then I might give up. (Sorry folks... I'm not giving up.)

Edited to add: The third time was finally the charm! I did deal with a couple of rather unpleasant folks at Provo Craft, but the last gentleman was very nice, apologetic AND helpful. He ordered the third machine for me, but kept it and tried it out before he sent it to me so there were no questions whether it was working. I've been enjoying this machine for quite some time now, and would probably give it a 4 star rating now. It is a good machine, but not as great as my first one.

Update September, 2015:  I should have posted this last winter when I began having problems with my machine, but I am just beginning to deal with it now.  I was making posters and trying different fonts for the letters.  Somehow I lost 2 of the letters I'd cut, so I went back to cut two more to replace them.  When I cut at the exact same size setting, the new letters were smaller.  So I tried making them a quarter inch larger, but then they were too large. There was no way to cut the letters at the same size I had previously cut them no matter what I tried.  So then I tried doing the reset that they show you how to do online, but that made it worse. Not only did the letters still not cut at the correct size, but now my machine won't make any cuts correctly.  If I wanted to make a circle, the beginning of the cut and the end of the cut won't meet up.

Since then I have tried speaking with Provo Craft representatives, and one promised to send out a new blade housing but she never sent it. Today, after being on hold for an hour on the phone waiting for a representative to answer, I finally contacted Provo Craft via the online Chat feature. This was a very, very slow method of resolving the issue, with long wait times between each sentence, but I am hopeful that what I was told to try might actually work. They are sending me instructions to use the Cricut Design Studio software to update my Expression. If this works I will be one happy camper.  If not, I won't be buying the new Explore or Explore Air anytime soon, or any other products they come up with.  I want a product that works properly. If it doesn't work properly, I want to be able to get it fixed. I've sent way too much money their way after purchasing an original Cricut, an Expression and two cake machines."
"I was really excited when I got my Cricut Expression for a great price. However, I soon learned of the immense limitations of the device.
First, the device only comes with one mat and one blade. It would be nice (as others have posted) if there were more of these offered at the price you pay.
If you try to restick a mat to save yourself some money (to buy their cartridges or other products), you are in violation of Provo Craft's warranty.
Second, you can buy a spatula at about $5 to slide under the cut paper to make it easier to remove. This should be included in the package! I went to a kitchen store and bought a $0.97 scraper that works even better--whoops, I am probably in violation of PC now and will probably be served with a law suit or something now.
Third, Provo Craft does not play well with others. You have to buy their restrictive software or their overpriced accessories (Gypsy) in order to really work with multiple cartridges to design something uniquely your own. They are really good about suing other people for designing things that they, themselves, shouldn't have thought of. Had I known PC was so jealous, I would have bought another machine. I stopped buying cartridges and am happily playing with other things.
Last, the customer service at Provo Craft is ridiculous. It's laughable. I have been unable to even get a straight answer about certain cuts on cartridges I own!
I really wish I would have known of the issues before I spent the money on it. Provo Craft is a very bad company to get into bed with, and I do not recommend you deal with them!"
"I have a cricut expressions machine and I have seriously mixed feelings on the machine.  First of all you cannot do anything without buying cartridges that cost $30-$120 a cartridge.  So all I have is a couple cartridges I found on clearance.

As far as the quality it does not work great if you make smaller letters.  I bought high grade card stock and the deep cut blade but I have wasted more paper just trying to get the cricute to cut without ripping my paper than it is worth.  I spent 5 hours to make 20 thank you cards.  I thought this product was supposed to help make things easier and add pizazz but all it did was give me a headache!"
I am having a ball with my new Cricut Expression.  It is so easy to use and the options are endless.  It comes with a DVD which explains very clearly all the buttons etc.  I would recommend this item as a must have for anyone who is into paper crafts.
Having lots of trouble finding ANY software other than their own that is compatible with this unit. Kind of a bummer since it seems to be a well made piece of hardware but completely hampered by the presence of any software tools other than what they choose to provide. I am very disappointed.
"I received my Cricut Expression as a Christmas Gift Christmas 2010. I used it on occasion and it worked beautifully. Last time I used it was just before Christmas 2011. It worked fine. In Jan 2012, I turned it on and the LCD screen was blank. It was fine 3 wks before! This is a KNOWN COMMON PROBLEM. PROVOCRAFT IS AWARE OF IT!!!
Without the LCD, you are operating blindly. I frantically began to search the internet. Everything I read was so negative beginning with the terrible customer service. My Cricut Expression was now over one year old, so the warranty was voided. I've been sick about it. I've spent more money than I'd like to admit on cartridges, paper, mats, accents, a bag, etc. Well, I think I found an answer. Rather than throw the machine from the 2nd story window into the yard, I bought the Cricut Design Studio.
That way, I can see what I'm doing using a computer, but still can't see what the dials are set on...pressure..speed..size. The learning curve has been broad, but I'm making tiny steps getting there. My main help has been YouTube videos. From what I've read, the LCD screen going out is a common problem and the machine will not be replaced unless it is under one year old. Other consumer reports state support doesn't answer emails or returns them unopened. When they do answer, they are rude and unhelpful...this is what I've read. Search internet yourself. You'll find these posts. I unfortunately saw the wonderful infomercial and thought it was the greatest thing since sliced bread. I regret putting so much money in this product and being so disappointed. Mine was purchased at a local Walmart. Please, do some research before you buy. This was the mistake I made, acting on impulse without extensively researching the product. I feel at this point I'm throwing good money after bad, but I've already spent so much, I'll keep trying to make it work.  ***Do not buy Design Studio*** like I did last month. Their site says they will be going to their online Craft room and DS will not be kept current or something like that. So I wasted more $...I'm not stupid, I subscribe to Consumer Reports, I research, but I fell for this one without doing any research. The only possible fix for the lost LCD screen is a reset that I've tried multiple times; or send the machine back if it's less than one year old. The Cricut site says that if the reset doesn't work, your machine is defective. So, I'm stuck, trying to learn the new software or spending $ on a new Provocraft product. I'd give the Cricut Expression NO stars if I could."
"Just received the Cricut Expression yesterday, and first impression is... optimistic.

After ordering and returning a Cricut Create last year, and reading every review on the new Cricut machines, I was definitely prepared to return this machine as quickly as I received it; however, we are pleasantly surprised/relieved so far.

We got everything assembled with ease and fired it up immediately, and it worked great, with only one problem:  Cricut packaged this item poorly - the cutting mat was rolled up which, obviously, doesn't work and takes time to rectify.  While annoying, this just means we have to wait to use the machine, so will hopefully be a minor issue in the end.  I do agree with others in that this machine should come standard with a spatula and both a 12x12 and a 12x24 cutting mat, as those just seem to be basic essentials.

So my early review:  machine works with a small glitch.  I'll update this review after we've had a chance to use it a bit more."
"I had two duds before I got one that worked right. Customer support is a joke. :( But when you do get them, customer service has delays and runaround patter down to a T.

I only bought the machine to use it with Sure Cuts a Lot. Fortunately I bought my machine before the lawsuit, but... I can no longer update it for fear of it no longer working with my third party software.

Just not a good value, I gingerly use it for occasional projects, as it intermittently make weird noises now. When it dies I am getting something that works with third party software.

Oh, and they have the most ridiculously restrictive 'Angel Policy' in the world. Totally full of unenforceable bull crap. Why they would lie to us, their customers, on this stuff is unclear, but it lets you know they don't value us."
"I was working on a project for work and needed to cut out letters.  I've always been an artsy soul, and had begun the tedious task of drawing and cutting out everything by hand.  Someone recommended that I purchase the Cricut that I had been talking about for so long, but had never purchased.  I found this model on Amazon, and it was a better deal then I could find at any of the local stores!  Days later, the newest addition to my craft supplies arrived.  The quick start instructions were very helpful, and by the end of the night, I had finished all of the letters that I needed, plus started playing with the additional designs that were included on the cartridges that came along.  I'm so happy that I purchased the machine, and can't wait to add to my cartridge collection!"
"It is amazing, especially when I combine it with computer programs that allow me to cut out any image I find on the internet."
Paid extra shipping to get it here on 2/28 and it didn't work.  Had to call cricut and get technical support.  They said it was defective and had to ship it back. I'm a regular shopper on Amazon and this is not typical. CN
This machine is great for many projects. The ability to use material up to twenty four I ches long is great for larger projects. My daughter has one too
"I bought my 1st Cricut after Christmas this year-had 3 gift cards plus some rewards points so got the Cricut plus some accessories. It was easy set up and worked fine once I changed the blade (for some reason it would not cut at 1st-once I changed the blade it was fine) I've been having a blast making cards, doing decorations for my husband's school bulletin board and my dad's nursing home room-have a lot of projects I want to do. I find the Cricut is easy to use and understand-just read the booklets you get with the cartridges and play with the designs. I know some are complaining about the price of cartridges-but I have gotten a few on Amazon at great prices (do your comparison shopping) and also some on Ebay from reputable sellers. You do not have to pay upwards of $90 for a cartridge-the most I've spent was $40 on one I really wanted!! Most I've gotten were about $20 each."
"I have only owned the Cricut for a month. I used it for birthday decorations,party hats,gift bags and cupcake toppers, it was easy and so much fun! Can't wait to get working on my scrapbooking! I highly recommend it!"
"REally...there is no way to put this.  Don't buy the Cameo.  It's unstable.  Works when it wants to.  Customer service is bad, at best.  I had to return mine to CraftECorner (don't buy anything from them, ever!)

I opted to buy my machine from an online auction site and am very happy with it. Even though some people complained about the cartridges you can buy them very cheaply on many sites.  If you can get your hands on SureCutsAlot then it does enhance your cutting options; however, it isn't necessary.  I even bought a Gypsy to go with it.
.
Just ignore all the zealots who are boycotting the Cricut because of their tussle with SCAL.  At least it's stable and works, unlike the Cameo I purchased."
"I already owned the smaller, original Cricut, but I was wanting the larger one to cut out big circles and other detailed, large-format, die-cut shapes.  The price, although not exorbitant, wasn't something I had in my budget at the time.  Until....I had a $50 Amazon Gift Card and about $25 in Amazon Visa points saved up.  I picked up a used, but ""like new"" model from Amazon Warehouse Deals, and other than a small dent on the box, it arrived factory sealed, with all the accessories, and in perfect working condition, all for the final price of $65 and free shipping! WOOT!

As for the machine, it's much noisier than the smaller version, but it does what it's supposed to.  I don't have room for it on my scrap desk, so I put it on the hardwood floor.  I have a firewire cable so I can hook it up to the online Cricut Craft room (free to use for Cricut owners) so I can use my current cartridges to do all sorts of specialty cuts that can't be done on just the machine, for example, merging titles so it cuts out as one piece instead of individual letters.  You can also use the Cricut Craft room to cut out all the pieces needed for a die-cut design, by selecting the area of placement you want on the mat.  So if you need 4 different colors of paper to make, for example, a cupcake, there's enough room on the 12x12 to fit all the colors in each quadrant.

So far the only problem I had was that one of the rubber feet popped off, so it probably wasn't secured properly to begin with, but I was able to wedge it back in place with the help of a small flat-head screwdriver.  Also, the 12x12 mat that came with it is WAY too sticky, to the point where it keeps tearing lighter weight papers.  Once the tackiness wears off, it might perform better, but I still probably end up picking up an extra 12x12 mat.

My Mother also owns this Expression and she said it's much better than the newer Cricut Expression 2, so newer isn't always better, and at this price, you can't go wrong!"
"First off bought for wife for Christmas present, not a problem with Amazon in fact they handled it great. Anyway first unit would not work out of box, returned thru Amazon new one showed up, wives do not like waiting for presents to come back after return by the way, anyway new unit works and wife is now happy and cutting up like crazy...."
I was so excited to have a cricut! I had already created lists of crafts I wanted to complete. Upon arrival the cricut would not work correctly. The blade drug over ever design and ruined it. It is useless. I am very disappointed and extremely unhappy.
My roommate loved her gift. It was on time and a great product. She is starting her own business and she loves this!!
One of the best craft items I have ever purchased. If you make cards or scrapbook you will not regret getting one.
I received a Cricut Expression for Christmas and was very excited about using their new Cricut Craft Room software. The software is Mac Compatible but the Expression machine is not. I e-mailed the company over a week ago and have had no response. There is nothing about these issues on their Web site so I am completely lost. It is disappointing. Their fee-based software (Cricut Design Studio) is not made for the Mac at all so I am stuck using it without a design tool. I am now considering returning the machine and choosing one of their competitors.
"I purchased this on Amazon and it came without the cutting cartridge. It was missing from the Cricut box, so it's not Amazon's fault. I have tried emailing and calling Provo Craft to find out how to get my missing cutting cartridge. The unit is useless without the cartridge. The email response said ""call Provo Craft."" I continue to be unable to reach them by phone (they just keep you on hold forever) and so I continue to go without the ability to use my new gift. This purchase was an upgrade from another cutting machine I owned from Cricut. The one I owned prior broke beyond repair after two years. Even with that said, I think the product is good, but the customer service has been terrible!"
I bought this cricut for my wife for Christmas. She loves it! It shipped super quick and in great condition
I use it for vinyl lettering & it works great!! You will also need a tool kit or at least a spatula & exacto knife to completely cut out shapes & words on occasion.
"UPDATE: I originally gave this machine 5 stars, but I no longer can recommend the Cricut Expression. They sued the Sure Cuts A Lot company (Craft Edge)and won, so now you can no longer get the program for your Cricut unless you already had it before the settlement. You are now forced to buy the expensive cartridges and their software which is in no way comparable to the Sure Cuts A Lot program. If you aren't computer savvy and prefer the cartridges, this is the machine for you, but if you are comfortable with computers, this is NOT the machine for you. I just ordered the Silhouette Cameo, which offers their own software for $50 that is very comparable to the Sure Cuts A Lot software AND it can cut 12"" x 10ft! I will definitely do an extensive review on that machine once I receive it and play with it a little.

Original Review:
This is a very nice machine and can cut 12x12(the mat it comes with)or 12x24, which is large enough for anything I need to make. I love that it has the flip feature on the machine. The personal electronic cutter does not. This is useful if you need to flip your words, when making stencils, etc. This one comes with the 2 basic cartridges. So, I think that this is the best deal on the Expression that you can find anywhere, so get it before it's gone. I also wanted to mention that I purchased the Sure Cuts Alot program to use with this machine. It allows you to use ANY image that you can find on the internet. The program costs just a little more than one cartridge and the possibilities are limitless. I hope this helps=)"
Do not purchase this product. There are many cutting machines available that allow flexibility in using computer software to be creative. Provo Craft does not... you're virtually strapped to using their cartridges only. And they constantly inflate the prices on those cartridges. Their customer service leaves a lot to be desired!
Got my Cricut as a Christmas gift and I love it. It is easy to use and I keep making excuses to use it  :)
Got this for my daughter for Christmas.  She has used it every day since!  She loves it!  It is a wonderful machine!
"The Cricut is a great idea that needs more thought put into the design.  The mats are too sticky to do vinyl, it peels the backing off with some vinyl's.  Also, the fact that you have to buy their cartridges is ridiculous, (but I guess they need to make money somehow)."
"DO NOT PURCHASE A CRICUIT.  I suggest going with another die cutting machine.  Sure Cuts Alot and Make the Cut are software programs that allow you cut anything, BUT THEY ARE NOT LONGER COMPATIBLE WITH THE CRICUIT MACHINES!!!!  So you are forced to spend a fortune for the cartridges.  I have recently purchased a cricuit and I am limited on what I can cut out.  I cannot afford to purchase cartridges for every project that I am working on.  I will be buying another die cutting machine as soon as I can."
"First, I agree with the reviewer that said you should get on some discussion boards to learn some tips and tricks.

This is a superb machine. It does what it is designed to do and it does it well, every time. I have used it for a while now and have never had a hard time; unless it was owner operator error.
It is easy to operate and it is easy to learn to use. I sat down with the owner book and worked my way through the directions in very little time and then I have been off and cutting every since.

I have made banners using these programs. For example, for Thanksgiving I cut out triangular pieces of paper and then cut out large letters for Thanksgiving. Then I let my children glue the letters on the triangles and glue all of that to orange ribbon. It took no time at all. I even make little favor baggies using this machine.

I will suggest that you sign up for the cricut program and save your points so you can get some free cartridges if you buy a lot of cartridges. I have earned two this way.

Well worth the money.
enjoy."
"If you want to spend a small fortune on the machine and limited cartridges this is the product for you! I got this machine because I planned to purchase Sure Cuts A Lot (a program that enabled  Cricut users to download and cut out ANY .svg file - from anywhere. But,  Provo Craft sued Sure Cuts A Lot and now this perk is no more. To top things off I own a MAC so I am unable to even use their lousy Design Studio (which looks like it offers no real freedom to download new things anyway). So now I'm stuck with an over-priced dye cutting machine that will only work on a handful of lame cartridges that each cost quite a bit. I have to buy the whole ""library"" of a cartridge even if I'm really only interested in one design. My advice, take the money you would use to but this machine and it's many lame cartridges and BUY A WISHBLADE!"
The Cricut came with two cartridges and all the necessary items to begin crafting immediately.  My only wish was that the manual had a few more step by step instructions for several features.  Very pleased with my purchase!
"I am so excited to have the cricut, there is so much to learn because it can do so much.  I am a novice so I am still in the trial and error mode, but I will get there. Thanks ,
Willie Mack"
I love my cricut. I didn't realize how much $$ I would spend after I got it though. I got through the mats and blades like no tomorrow. I also go through a lot of paper as well. It is also very time consuming to use. You load a paper for each layer let it cut. Take it out load another paper do it all over again until the design is finished. But once you spend all that time you have an awesome design. I make a lot of cards now because I love my designs so much I think they should go somewhere other than a scrapbook.... I would like to invest in the design studio so I would use less paper and spend less time... But that would be more $$ to spend... >.< I recommend it but it isn't perfect...
"I really enjoy my Cricut.  It does exactly what it says it will.  My kids have made projects (by themselves-no help needed), I have made wall art, etc, etc.  I just couldn't give it five stars because I constantly seems to be buying 'extra' or 'replacements' for it.  The sticky mats have to be replaced on a regular basis.  The cutter blades dull quite quickly, and I am constantly wanting a font that I don't have and must buy a new cartridge for.  It is a great invention with superb potential if you don't mind sinking a lot of money into your project."
"I loved it, really good! Cut to perfection and is very beautiful! Not very good for fine papers, low thickness, but I met with perfection!

(Adorei, muito boa mesmo! Corta com perfeio e  muito bonita! No  muito boa para papeis finos, de baixa espessura, mas me atendeu com perfeio!)"
Cricut also came with 2 cartridges which was a nice surprise.  Happy with my purchase.  The only problem I have is that I could not track my shipment.  The tracking was posted after my package was del but not really a biggy.
The Cricut is so easy to learn & so easy to use!  It does all the things that I've been doing by hand for so many years!  I feel like I'm cheating by letting the Cricut do the work.  Amazon had a much lower price than even the discount stores!
Great machine that is easy to use with great results. So many options and choices to select from with the cartridges that came with the machine. The only drawback is that the machine is very heavy. It's a good idea to set it up out of the way so that you won't need to move it very often.
Cricut is a must-have for card makers and those doing any kind of arts and crafts. Easy to use with tons of accessories and cartridges available.
"I purchased the expression cricut from Amazon and I am totally thrilled. I purchased it refurbished and it works great. The delivery was fast and Amazon kept me informed from the time I purchased until delivery, where my package was. I have used my machine some but not as often as I would like....it is so much fun. If you purchase one you will be very pleased."
"I just bought a Cricut Expression yesterday at a local store.  It was marked down to $99, with a 20% coupon on all craft supplies.  I couldn't believe I scored it for $80!  My joy was short-lived though.

I had previously owned an Expression a few years ago, using it mostly to make lettering for my store's signs.  I had always planned to buy the Sure-Cuts-a-Lot software, as I could never afford to spend $60-90 for a cartridge that usually only has a few designs on it that I like.  But I had to close my store and I sold the Cricut for financial reasons.

Yesterday, I finally was able to get a Cricut!  But then I got home and did some research, and found out that Provo Craft, the company that makes Cricut, sued the companies that make Sure-Cuts-a-Lot and Make-the-Cut (a similar software)to prevent them from making their software Cricut-compatible.  This software makes it possible to use free fonts and dingbats off the internet to create your own designs to cut, for free.  Hey, Provo-Crap, think you're going to force me to buy your over-priced cartridges?  Think again!  I might have bought one occasionally, when I saw one I loved.  Now you won't get my business at all.

With more research, I found SEVERAL competing machines, most of which worked with at least one of those cutting design softwares.  Black Cat Cougar Cutter looked the best, but was expensive (it etches metal and glass, and embosses leather--cooooool). There are a couple of new versions of cutters coming out this fall (2011) that are better than the Cricut. I'm leaning toward the Sizzix Eclips or the Silhouette Cameo.  Some of these machines might be a little bit more expensive than Cricut, but far, far, FAR cheaper in the long run!

The Expression I just bought is going on craigslist.  I'm not the only pissed-off Cricut buyer.  I've heard of many others packing up their Cricut stuff and selling it on craigslist or ebay to buy another machine.  Count me as just one more, Provo Crap.  I bought my Cricut Expression for only $80, and it's STILL not worth it in the long run.  Even at that price, buying 3 cartridges in the future would put me right back up in the price range of the competing machines, which all allow you to use the money-saving design software, without restricting you to their proprietary cartridges.

Even at $80, the Cricut Expression just isn't worth it!!  Five years ago it would have been worth it, when Cricut was the only game in town...but now, with (superior) competition out there?  Forget it.

P.S. the fact that a store had it for sale at $99 and didn't exclude it from the 20% arts and crafts department sale should tell you something...the stores are having a hard time selling them, it seems."
"I bought this because I wanted to make my daughter's birthday party decorations.  When I received the Cricut Expressions, I thought it was big!  Yep, it's big.  It requires 12 inches in front and back for it to operate if you are using a 12x12 mat.  You'll need 24inches if using the 12x24 mat.  The description was deceiving because it says that the spatula is included.  But, the spatula is not included.  I came back to amazon.com to make sure I read the description correctly and sure enough, it says it comes with it but it does not...  Also, when I came to double check the description, I noticed that it was $80 cheaper than what I bought it for.  But, it's amazon's policy not to match new prices even if I had bought it only three days before...  I thought about returning it, but I needed it to make my daughter's invitations and the return shipping would be more hassle and $.  So, I kept it.

The machine is incredible.  I absolutely love it.  It is very easy to use and with a little creativity, the sky is the limit on creations.  It comes with two cartridges.  I made invitations for my daughter's birthday party using the Mickey Mouse cartridge and made the envelopes using one of the cartridges that came with the machine.

About a week after I received the Cricut, I was looking for cartridges on other websites and found this same machine for half of what I paid here!  So, if you are looking for this machine, look on other sites as well.  Also, cartridges go on sale on other sites and are much cheaper than amazon."
"I was so excited to see this cutter! I had never seen one before today and had no idea that a personal cutting machine even existed. For the last 20+ years, I have spent hours and hours cutting my own designs over and over...some of which were simple circles...for production runs on my handmade greeting cards. However, after finding out about all the Cricut Expression's drawbacks (i.e., not being able to create your own designs and not being able to use other vendors' software), and after learning that at least five customers were sold ""lemons"", I will NOT be purchasing this product, will NOT run next door and rave about it to my artist/crafter friend, and will NOT give it as a Christmas gift to my daughter for her and her scrapbooking girls to enjoy. I was very happy to learn that there are several quality cutters out there and will look into purchasing one this very minute. Thank you so much, fellow artists and crafters, for your invaluable comments."
"Cricut has decided that you are to be cartridged bound.  Personally,  I find this very limiting and expensive as it will require you to continue to buy new cartridges all the time.  Sadly this is what Provo Craft is wanting.  There was third party software companies that allowed you to create your own images and creations.  Provo Craft has begun suing these companies.  A machine with so much potential and options gets very limited very quickly when you are forced to to use only cartridges all the time.  For my money I will focus on a cutter that does not require cartridges and will allow me to make my own designs.

In my eyes Cricut has potential but the company is choosing to limit the product."
"I've wanted a Cricut Machine for quite a while and wouldn't purchase one because of the price. I searched craft stores, Craigs List, and Amazon looking for a bargain. I found the best price on Amazon - even better than craft stores half price sales. I got my machine today and could hardly wait to try it out. I watched the instructional DVD before using it and recommend doing it. It was easy to understand and was helpful as well. After setting it up I made some letters and hearts and flowers to decorate a Thank you card for a friend. It was pretty easy to use and I was very satisfied with the outcome.  As one of the reviewers said the cutting mat can be too tacky. Mine was and I had to scrape the paper off the mat after my first cut. Press a clean t-shirt on the cutting mat to reduce the stickiness. I also think the machine should come with a spatula which is used to remove the paper from the mat. I highly recommend purchasing one. I am anxious to spend more time learning to use the Cricut Expression and making scrap books and cards. In summary I would purchase this machine again thru Amazon."
"Got it for my wife as a gift, and it was a hit.  It was so easy to learn how to use and she loves it."
I bought this product back in 2009 and paid full price.  The company will try to come back on you and claim you haven't paid the full price.  It is not the quality I expected.  It does not come with instructions as to how much pressure to put on the blade according to paper weight.  Consequently you may end up cutting the mat.  Not a good company.  There are numerous complaints on the internet and it is up to you the buyer to do research.
"While I was wowed by this machine, I have come to detest it! You are limited to cartridges, which when they were new were $90 EACH. Now you can at least find them for $20 online, but then you have to buy more cartridges to get more images, or more fonts, but even then you only get 1 font per cartridge.
A better option? Do more research into craft cutters, there are MORE out there, and you are not limited to the images that come on a cartridge. There are also 3rd-party software programs that are compatible with those machines, so you are able to use images of YOUR CHOICE to create, not to mention if you have fonts on your computer, you can use those to create letters for your projects!
There are tons of websites where people will share files that you can use in that software and other machines, they will NOT work with this one.

I have several hundred fonts, and even with the software that is supposed to work with this machine, you are only allowed to cut the images that come on the cartridges. It allows you to ""see"" the images on other cartridges, but the catch there is that you have to OWN each cartridge that has an image you want to use in order to have the software cut to your machine.

Please, save your money, I have spent more of mine on this machine and cartridges and wish I had it all back to spend on another machine that does not limit my creativity...

Good luck and happy scrapping!"
"I will never buy a Cricut product again. I bought it to be able to use it with Software that would let you design outside the cart system, and then cut the items on your machine.. There were NO product warnings on the box that said you could not do that. Now Cricut has blocked every user of the software MTC or SCAL from communicating with their Cricuts in sofware updates due to a lawsuit Cricut levied on one of the companies, MTC, and now they are suing SCAL. So for me, my machine just went from being great to being useless.. I bought a Pazzles to replace it where I can create anything I want, when I want it. Yeah, I have six Cricut cartridges, but have never even used or learned how to use them as I had so many other designs to choose from on the 'net I could buy and cut that I liked and didn't have to be locked in to only the repetitive choices of the 'carts' at $80 a pop when I might like only one design on it. Cricut has given me LOUSY customer support about complaints, as others I know who complain. Right now there is a Boycott Provocraft site on Facebook, and a video song on You Tube in protest of Cricut policies, snappy song, clever.. you can see it here if you want to, kinda fun: [...]  Protest page on Facebook here: [...]  MY advice? Don't buy a Cricut, there are MUCH bettter ways to cut in my opinion, with better machines! (Pazzles, eCraft, Silhouette, Gazelle, Cougar) Cricut is big marketing, I find the hype just that, hype, and fluff... they were not good to THIS customer, and the other 4,800 people who have seen the You Tube video between March 24, 2011 and today, April 2, 2011, most feel pretty much the same as I do, or there would not be only FOUR dislikes on that video. Do NOT buy a Cricut! I was VERY sorry!"
"The Cricut sucks you in as the most affordable machine, but it's only cheaper for a very short time.  The cost of their over priced mats, blades and cartridges adds up quickly.  Provocraft does not want it's customers using third party software and is actively blocking it's compatibility, so it's customers are left with cartridges.  It's easy to say you won't buy a whole bunch of them, but the reality is you will want more images than the ones that come in the initial cartridge or two with the machine.

Secondarily the machine is subpar in performance to such cutters as the Silhouette, Gazelle, Klick-n-Kut, Black cat and Lynx. Trying to cut precision designs with the Cricut is often frustrating."
Great for some many projects that I do!!!  Quick and easy!  It sure beats cutting designs out by hand!!!
"I owned the smaller Circut for almost 2 years and then my husband bought me the Expression for my birthday and WOW, what a difference! The Expression has so many more features, so it can do so many more things. For instance, you can change the print layout between landscape and portrait. That may not seem like a big deal, but when you are trying to cut out an image that lays in a specific direction you are more limited with the actual size of the cut out than if you can rotate it. I used the Paper Doll Dress Up cartridge for my son's superhero birthday party. I made the city skyline image landscape and was able to use the full 12X24 matt size to have a large skyline rather than a 12X12 landscape. Another feature that makes the Expression better than the small Cricut is that you use multiple functions during a single cut. So, I can cut out something using the shadow function, the blackout function and the regular function at the same time.

If you are trying to decide between the smaller Cricut and the Expression, go with the Expression!"
"My mom's friend introduced us to the Cricut a couple of weeks ago and we are HOOKED. We are making my save the dates using the Cricut - based on a Martha Stewart craft idea, so cute - and it is nothing short of amazing. We stopped into Walmart this past weekend and found a huge inventory of Cricut Expressions on sale for $185! They are trying to get rid of their extra Christmas stock and had about 30 machines at that price. We are going to make all of our wedding stationary (save the dates, invitations, programs, reply cards, maps, etc) using the Cricut. The Save the Dates turned out so well and looked like they would cost about $5 apiece. We spent around $1.50 apiece (and a lot of time) making these, and they are worth every penny."
"Received product in good condition. Went to use, and it would not cut-couldn't even see where the line was. A few minutes later, the machine powered off, and would not turn back on. Had to return item for a replacement.  Disappointed. I ordered this machine as an upgrade. My other one was great-never had a problem in the 3 years I had it. Hope my replacement works.

Also, I have emailed Amazon several times (at 3) to discuss shipping and costs-I have yet to get a response to my questions. Very disappointed. I have been with Amazon for many years-never had a problem-till now."
"I have had the smaller Cricut personal cutter and loved it. My husband bought me the Expression for Christmas and now I can cut larger projects! It works great with the ""Make the Cut"" software too!"
"I gave it to my daughter for Christmas, and she was thrilled! It's the perfect addition to her scrapbooking hobby."
"I really love what this machine can do!!  The only draw back I have seen so far is that if you use it more than just occasionally, you will have to buy new mats for it fairly often.  But other than that, I love it!!"
"This machine is the coolest piece of crafting product i've ever purchased. I have so many cartridges now and I use this on a weekly basis. I love scrapbooking as well as cardmaking, and this product could not be more helpful. Yes it does get pricey, but if you do crafting often it will pay for itself. This is definitely an investment, but it is worthwhile if you are really into this hobby! So much fun!"
Received Cricut Expression Brand new and in top notch shipping shape!  Thanks so much!  Great Seller! Great Transaction! Speedy Delivery!
I purchased two Cricut Expressions Personal Electronic Cutters from Amazon and within a week of receiving them I found them at 4 other locations for $54.00 less than Amazon's price. They were Christmas gifts and had already been wrapped and given out so I could not return (I would have returned for refund for sure even with the hassle involved for the 108.00 price difference). Just saying make sure you shop around first!
I have had a cricut machine since 2006 and will soon receive a new Expression to replace my aging one.  I think it is the easiest of all the cutters to use and with the Design Studio or Gypsy your creativity can be almost limitless.
I purchased this item for my daughter for her graduation.  She loves it!  I love it because I ordered it one day and recieved it the next day with free postage.  It actually cost less delivered to my door than if I had purchased it at Wal- Mart.
"I love the machine, but was dissapointed to have to return it after a firmware update.  I will be without it for a full 2 weeks, and that is not fun after just having it for about a week."
"I would reccomend this product for anyone who likes to create from very small to very large.  I made signs for our Cat Adoption Center as large as 24"" by 30"" all on the 12"" x 12"" mat using poster board. Can't wait to try other media and the colored pens. I only wish that we could use our own art creations and graphics from our computer. The cartridges limit the potential creativity that could be used."
"I had seen the infomercial for the cricut a few times and I thought it looked pretty cool but the price tag ensured I would never buy it for myself. My boyfriend surprised me with the cricut expression for Christmas and I'm so happy he did! Now that I realize all the things it can do and how awesome it is, I would definitely buy myself one if I had to!! I've instantly become addicted to paper crafting and buying new cartridges and accessories. Provo Craft is coming out with so many cute new cartridges! I also have the design studio software which I feel is an absolute MUST if you own a cricut. It really takes your designs to a whole new level of creativity. I don't know how people survive without it!

If you look online there is a wealth of information and project ideas. If you're having doubts about if you should buy one or not just go over to [...] and go to the message board (under community) and there is a huge message board full of ideas. My favorite area is under the cartridge exploration, it has a forum for each and every cartridge they make and you can go in there and see the cute projects people have made using that cart. It's really helpful for getting ideas or helping you decide if you really want that cartridge or not! Also people complaining about expensive carts, go to EBAY! I have had my machine since Christmas (6 months now) and I have SEVENTEEN cartridges. I've paid about $20-$30 for each one and to me it's totally worth it because I have so many different options of what I can make. I also have the sure cuts a lot software but I still enjoy buying carts because they are packed full of fun stuff to make. The back of the box doesn't do the carts justice; you need to look through the handbook that comes with them to see ALL the different phrases, images and other special features you can use.

I made really cool shaped word books for mother's day, that said MOTHER and then I added a bunch of nice mothers sayings and pictures of family etc. and I gave them to my mom and grandma and they loved them! Better than any gift I could have ever bought! It never would have been possible without my cricut. I also just made 33 handmade invitations to my cousin's bachelorette party with my cricut and they're gorgeous. It took me less than a week to make 33 very detailed invites, again thanks to my cricut.

I was able to whip up a really cute, sweet get well card for a friend and I mailed it to her and it totally made her day! I never would have been able to make such a cute professional looking card without my cricut. I am addicted to making cards for any occasion possible! It's so much fun, and any excuse to use my cricut is great!

I've never ever written a review on Amazon before but the cricut is absolutely my favorite thing ever. I still keep telling my boyfriend that it was the best Christmas gift ever and it definitely was! It's so much fun and I love having a hobby that is so rewarding and just plain fun. I have so many ideas of things to make, the possibilities are literally ENDLESS! Also shop around, you can find great deals on all the cricut machines, cartridges, mats, blades etc. I would never pay regular price for any of those items because there are great deals everywhere. You just need to shop around. :)

So just buy one already, you won't regret it!"
"I love creating my own quilting designs and the cricut is perfect for cutting out stencils. I have used some of the designs from the cartridges and before lifting the cut-outs off of the stencil plastic, I select a new design and ""overlay"" it and cut again. It is especially very useful for single block design because of the sizing feature of the cricut. And I can get prescion designs for very narrow borders.

I also use the ""cut again"" before lifting off on appliques I have cut on the cricut. It allows me to extend my designing by adding letters to aplliques, such as an A in the middle of an apple and is perfect for ""reverse"" appliques!

If you are a quilter or fashion seamstress the cricut is a must have to personalize your designs. Just make sure you have plenty of iron on adhesive in stock because once you start using your cricut for appliques it becomes addicting and you don't want to have to stop and run out for more stabilizers!!!

I am going to look into the ""sure cuts a lot"" software to see if it will support drawing my own quilting designs as an addition to ""tweaking"" pre-loaded cartridges.

I hope this review will help get some creative juices flowing in those who use fabric as their design medium. I also plan to use cricut to design my own quilt labels.

Happy stitching to all the sewers out there:)

Mary"
"Works pretty good.  However, does not cut circles very good when cutting the heavier chipboard (heavier cardboard type material). Even with new cutting matt and blade, it appears that this is some slippage which causes the circles to be out of round.  Suggest ""Sure Cuts Alot 2"" to avoid the significant expense of buying all the cartridges ($40-$90/ea).  Cricut has taken the lead from Hewlett-Packard printers.  They sell you the device at a pretty good price, then make most of their profit from the supplies.  You can save some money buy supplies online for stores other than Cricut themselves."
Pretty much expensive to owe one. The cartridges is outrageously expensive!!! Plus other accessory. I thought i will be happy with it. but it turns out i have to spend and spend and spend to buy blades and mats and cartridges. the spending never ends to maintain it.
"Cricut customer support is non existant. Machine I bought my daughter for Christmas didn't work out of the box. When I was finally able to get through to customer service they gave me 1 877 727 4288 as fax to send receipt, I have faxed from several differnt machines all confirming fax sent, Cricut tells me they have received no fax. It's now Jan 28. Thanks for ruining my daughters Christmas."
"I got one of these for christmas from my husband.  I was really intimidated by it at first, but once I started playing around with it, my creative juices started flowing and I wasn't so intimidated anymore.  The sticky mat is annoying because it's too sticky and then when you remove the cut design....it's not sticky.  You gotta add glue (very tiny glue) to stick the cut design to anything.  But, all in all, I do like the machine."
"I just love this Cricut--it's great!  You can do so much with it, lots of fun!"
"I've watched a few of the Cricut Expression Infomercials in the past, and recently the Wholesale club me and my husband belong to starting carrying the machines. I looked at the machines while shopping, and thought it looked like it would be fun.

My husband surprised me yesterday (Christmas) with the Cricut Expression. I was very excited to finally have one. Mine came with the SchoolBook font cartridge, the cutting mat, the marker set so the machine can write the images instead of cut them, some vinyl material, the deep cut blade and some transfer tape.

After digging into the Cricut for a few hours while experimenting, I've decided to return mine.

Here are some of my thoughts:

-I was really disappointed that the Paper Tool is not a standard item to come with the Cricut. I don't like that the machine costs $275 and doesn't come with a $5 paper tool which helps to remove any designs that you cut.

-The SchoolBook font cartridge it came with is really boring in my opinion. I immediately went on line (Amazon) to look at buying some additional fonts. I could not believe that cartridges seem to cost between $30 and $50 in most cases....This is just awful to charge this much money for print designs, as it would cost you an arm and a leg to accumulate a nice library of design shapes to use your full creativity. I found this aspect to be quite interesting....This is supposed to be a creative tool, but you can't be very creative and versatile with it unless you've spent a ton of money on cartridges.

-The machine itself just doesn't seem all that high-tech. The preview screen and the rubber mats that you specify your image with seem very old school. They remind me of back in the day before my family got a computer, and I would have to use a newer typewriter with a preview screen before printing each line of my school papers. The Cricut totally reminded me of those old fashioned days...Ick!

-The infomercial sort of implies that it's a great tool to just whip out at home and make some awesome designs without going to the craft store and buying pre-made designs. In actuality, buying pre-made designs will save you a lot of time. Newsflash...you still need to go the craft store to buy paper supplies for the Cricut, then you'd have to spend the time making the designs at home. It's a whole lot easier to go to the craft store and buy your materials all ready for your crafting needs!

Overall, this is sort of a neat machine on the surface, but once you realize the time and the huge amounts of money you'd have to spend to create your in-home cutting center, you'll likely be very disappointed. Save Your Money and Shop at the Craft Store instead."
The item was a gift for my wife.  The only thing that would make the item better would be getting around the cartridges.  Each one runs between 40 and 80 dollars.  You would think after paying so much money you could do some basic things from your computer.  Have found a program that lets you do that but $100.00 more [...]
"My husband purchased a cricut expression for me Christmas 2007. I loved it. However, I didn't get to use it often. I have not used it over 10 times. Recently, my machine malfunctioned. Contacted the company to inquire about repairing it. I was offered a walk through of what they call a ""hard reset"". I tried to reset the machine, but the reset button was not working--it appears to be stuck. At that point, the customer service rep. suggested I purchase a new machine.

The warranty is only for 1 year after that you are up the creek with no paddle. I was livid! Its not like this machine cost a few bucks. Oh yeah! I was offered a refurbished one for the low low price of $290--I can buy a new one in Wal-mart for the price. It really leaves a bad impression to know that Procraft don't offer replacement parts or repairs on such a costly item especially when the economy is in the state it is today."
"Expression vs. Slice
There is no comparison - if you can only get 1 machine get the expression - it's worth the extra money...why?
I have the Slice - that was my first machine (I got it 2 weeks ago) only because it had the designs I wanted (tags) and also had some cool accessories and it's my first die cut machine. You have to hold it down to use it, there aren't that many cartridges and if you wait for sales - they are both about the same $. If you need a machine to cut a couple of things here and there and go for the slice. (Read my Slice review for more details).

Expression vs. Personal
The personal cricut only cuts to 5.5"" - and it's pretty much like the Slice - around the same price point as well. It does NOT compare with the capabilities of the Expression. Expression cuts in larger sizes, more feature - the LCD screen is more detailed, it's a far more sophisticated machine (think of composition notebook vs. laptop) - also spoke with a cricut user at a store - she said that the Personal wastes a lot of paper

Expression vs. Sizzix - I didn't even really look at the Sizzix, I get they're cheaper, and they have a lot of cartridges and they're cheaper...there's a reason why the machine and cartridges are cheaper - they're VERY BASIC (it's like comparing 3rd grade education to graduate school), reviews on the Sizzix weren't very ""WOW"" and if I'm going to invest $$ - I rather get something WOW - the functionality and capabilities of Cricut products (even the personal) is far superior than the Sizzix

Expression Features that makes this machine SUPERIOR:
Cuts 1/4"" - 23.5 inches (most machines cut from 1/2"" and at 1/2"" increments - this is 1/8"" increments - and about 7"" max)
Cartridges - very intricate shapes - when you find them on sale - it's WORTH IT! Plus they have the licensed shapes (Spongebob, Dora, Hello Kitty, Disney...)
Each cartridge seems to hold ALOT of options and information. There are so many varieties
Layering options available (exp - trees - it will cut the ""bark"" then i set another option to cut the individual leaves - a little bit of spray adhesive and tweezers, BAM - I have a fully functional colored tree)
Design is clean, tight and slim, it's very light and portable (not that I intend on schlepping it, but if I had to, I will)
you can leave it - program and walk away

What I wish came with the machine:
For the $$ - There should have been extra blades + 12"" x 24"" mat (it can cut up to that, so why no mat?) + spatula!
It seems really silly to nickel & dime customers for equipment they need to make the machine useful - I have a spatula from my Slice tool kit (slice doesn't include that either)

What I've done/thoughts so far (I've only had it for 2 days):
AWESOME - I can program what I want it to cut and walk away! with the Slice, I have to hold the machine in place.
SPEEDY!! It might be worthwhile to buy an extra mat anyways to load your next set of media while you're removing it off the first mat. (This would be important if you're into efficiency)
MUST read directions of the machine first! Then load the cartridge and read those directions! YOU HAVE TO SET ASIDE A SOLID HOUR OF FOCUS TO USE THIS MACHINE! There are so many functions/features you don't want to miss anything.
Had I read the directions first i'd figure out how to load the paper. It's aligned on the bottom left corner (DUR)
You can use ANY size paper as long as it's 3"" x 3"" - just set the paper size and it'll know and plan for you to minimize waste
Cardstock set blade at 3 - pressure at medium - speed (doesn't really matter)
Paper - set blade at 1 - pressure low - speed (doesn't really matter)
Foam (set blade at 6 - pressure max - speed SLOW) I feel like I need the deep cut blade (another accessory) - the cuts aren't very clean but it works (I'm using the ""Printing 101"" Cartridge - making alpha puzzle pieces to teach my kiddo letters)
Speed - the slower the better it seems like but for thinner media it doesn't matter
Make sure to have enough table space - you'll need space behind the machine for the feeder

Projects in the future:
Definitely making cards!
More foam shapes (Spongebob cartridge) - and letters
Cardstock animals to teach my kiddo (same with food / etc). (Animal Kingdom Cartridge)
I want to try to use other medium - fabric, adhesive, magnetic sheets, stamp, embossing
I want to get the design software to make my own ""cuts""
Helping my kiddos with their school project - making adhesives to stick on walls
Getting sticky textured cardstock to make our own ""stickers""

FINAL THOUGHTS:
If you get Expression - Buy spatula (unless you already have one)
If you plan on doing projects larger than 12"" buy the 12"" x 24"" mat
Buy an extra set of mats anyways - it'll help keep your machine cutting while you're working =)
Get a set of replacement blades if you intend on using this machine ASAP and ALOT (I've cut 9 foam sheets - 8 1/2"" x 5 1/2"" and 2 cardstock sheets) and I feel like my blade is getting iffy - or it just might be foam

DO NOT:
...Buy the Cricut bags (except maybe the duffel) most do not fit the expression - duffel will only fit expression if you expand it and it's not really ""protective"" - and doesn't hold much of anything, but if you're set on getting a bag - that's the only one that will work
...do this if you need silence - the machine is LOUD - think of your microwave running or the exhaust fan
...PAY FULL PRICE FOR CARTRIDGES - I got a ton for 60% off - really reasonable if you're willing to wait
I'm going to be making friends with local people who use Cricut and maybe do a cartridge exchange (borrow) b/c not many of the cartridges are repeat use for me - and the ones that are I've bought - I wonder if this is an item that the public libraries have...
...PAY FULL PRICE PERIOD! Most of the national chain stores WILL NOT take their coupons on the machine, but if you are patient, the machines will go on sale - or scope out online venues. Most national chain stores will let you use their % off coupons on the accessories

EDIT 10/2013:
I gave away my E1 and got an E2 - I sadly - like most reviewers regret doing so before using an E2. Well the E2 is terrible and had glitch after glitch. I miss my E1. I have over 30 cartridges so I'm tempted to get another E1 - but probably won't. I'll just use that money to invest in more cuts with the Silhouette. DO NOT GET AN EXPRESSION 2 - or you might end up sad like me. However, My E1 went to a school so I don't feel as badly. They love it and are having a good time making things for their students.

I've used a Silhouette for over a year and I actually love that machine more. It's a higher price point but the ease of use helps pays for itself. Silhouette's Design program is so much easier to use than CCR and offers a lot of flexibility. I think Cricut might have lost a customer (at least for their machines). They make the best mats hands down. I use their mats in my Silhouette.

UPDATE: 10/2014
If you've followed my reviews in the past - you'll know that The E1 was my first love - then I thought newer must be better and bought the E2 - big mistake. The tech/software issues alone made me almost chuck it out the window a few time. I ended up upgrading to the Silhouette Cameo as it was easier to use, less tech issues, and more sophisticated designs and also their subscription plan was amazing.

Apparently Cricut realized they were losing customers and has revamped the machine and created a subscription plan. I'm game to see if this actually holds up to all the hype.

For those of you who have a cricut now - read this blurb (if not, skip to the next section) - If you have projects on CCR - Explore will NOT work with CCR. You can't export your CCR project files and upload them to Cricut Design Space (CDS). I hope this is a feature their software dev people can fix b/c I don't want to have to recreate what I have. Also if you have linked cartridges from CCR/Gypsy/Cricut account - it will load on CDS (small win).

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
CRICUT DESIGN SPACE vs SILHOUETTE DESIGN STUDIO - This is actually really important b/c no matter how fancy your machine is, if you can't create what you want - then what's the point.

PRO-TIP - read the FAQ from the cricut page about CDS before you start - there are functionality that are the same, but the way to e is different than CCR. If you're used to the mat layout (which I am) - set your canvas ""basic"" and select the 12x12 or 12x24 mat so you can layout your items.

SUBSCRIPTION PLAN:
CDS's subscription is really affordable. For $100/year you have access to essentially the entire Cricut library minus a few license cartridges - which is fine for me - a cartridge is roughly $30 on clearance/sale, so for the price of a couple, I have access to tens of thousands of images. YES. PLEASE! I'm guilty of having to buy 1 cartridge b/c I needed 1 specific image. I'm happy ""renting the images vs owning them""

I loved SDS b/c you get a subscription plan that allows you $x/month to buy each design. They often have sales on their designs which makes those monthly allowance go very far. However - for Halloween, I burned through my allowance and then some b/c I had a zillion decorations to make. Total Bummer. CDS's option gives me access to everything and anything I can possibly want (except for a few licensed items). Those credits also disappear if you don't use them in the upcoming few months (which has happened to me a few times).

ACTUAL SOFTWARE
SDS is a program you download onto your machines, CDS is web based. This means you have to be on the internet to use it. I like that SDS is offline and I an do this if I'm stuck in a remote cabin. And it's not tied to the bandwidth of my internet - which can get patchy at times. There is a bit of a learning curve, if you have basic MS Word skills, you'll be ok.

One thing I loved about CCR that SDS didn't have was the function to do layers on a project - CDS does have that feature but it's not as easy as just selecting tabs. I miss that. I guess you can do that on the ipad app.

The software is also configured to lay your shape on a mat to maximize your paper. So you technically don't need to lay them on the mat perfectly. It doesn't have an algorithym to change the angle of the shapes so it fits between things. My workaround is to lay the shapes how I want it to be cut on the mat and weld them together - so I can minimize all the white space. CDS then treats that as 1 image and cuts as many as you want.

SDS has grid lines but not numbered/ruled which can be a little tricky at times. I like the gridlines are consistent (inches) on the CDS which makes guessing the size of my outcome to be exactly what I want. (SDS also offers an upgrade version for their design software - for a price - which I've bought, but it's still not as robust at CDS).

WHAT I WISH:

I wish they also had another subscription program that you can purchase the individuals that aren't part of the subscription library at a discount.

If only Design Space had all the buttons/functionality of CCR - then this would actually be perfect.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
WHAT I LIKE ABOUT THIS MACHINE:
Right out of the box - it worked. All I had to do was login with my Cricut account to Cricut Design Space. Suprisingly - I anticipated a 2 hour block to update firmware on the machine and the process of loading/reloading the app on my computer. It was a 5 minute setup time.

Comes with a bag!!! For the price price point - it's really lame to have to drop $20-$50 for a cover/bag. I rather use the funds for more material or accessories. The bag isn't a cheap dustcover. It's actually a legitimate sturdy canvas bag, with pockets, and handles to haul this badboy out and about.

The machine is surprisingly light especially since it's bigger than the cameo.

It's really clear that some thought was put into re-creating this machine. I love the light (E2 has this, E1 did not, Cameo does not). It helps for smaller detail projects. And who doesn't love something shiny...There is a little cubby hole on the top for you to stick your pens/tools for when you're using the machine. Inside the door there are 2 compartments. One for extra blades and the deep cut housing unit. Another compartment for pens/tools.

The machine may be made out of plastic but the parts that really matter are solid. The blade housing is heavy/sturdy.

I love the mat guide - The silhouette is guilty of having mats slip mid project - which results in having to redo the same project b/c the cut was wrong.

The smart dial takes the guess work out of the depth of the blade and the speed of the cut. I don't know about you - but I can't remember what setting I use for Martha Stewart Cardstock vs Michaels Brand vs Cricut if I haven't worked on a project in a while. My post-its don't stick on.

The speed of this machine is also very impressive - I usually am able to take off projects off 1 mat while another is being cut - but this thing is so fast that my projects end up waiting for me

THIS MACHINE IS EERILY QUIET...I thought the machine was just moving the mat around and not cutting until I looked closely - I no longer need to set craft time based around noise violation ordinances.

The machine is lifted up a bit off the table which means my cords doesn't get in the way of the mat. I also don't need to make sure I have 2ft of clearance behind the machine. This used to be a must for all my machines (E1 and Silhouette) so it wouldn't get caught on something for projects.

WHAT I WISH:
The machine should come with a scraper tool - that's a necessity. If you don't have one, check out the Slice (Making Memories) tool kit. I still swear by mine - it's inexpensive and has almost everything you can possibly need.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
OTHER TIDBITS:
I was talking to a mom friend of mine who said she spent $200 on supplies to make a banner. She had to buy foam letters as a set - and if it didn't have enough of a certain letter, she had to buy another one. She was essentially stuck with what she could get her hands on at the store. When I told her about the Cricut, she about died. I could have made her banner for under $20.

ACCESSORIES:
Cricut by far have the best blades and mats. I use Cricut mats on my Silhouette Cameo. The adhesive is JUST RIGHT and doesn't kill my paper when I'm peeling off projects. I also use my label maker to make a sticker that says ""top"" which I tape onto the clear protector sheet - this way I'll know which side is meant to be on the sticky side - this might not be a big deal, but I'm a little OCD.

Cricut blades are also 1/4 the price of Silhouettes and also more durable. My blades on the Silhouette would break if I used a thicker cardstock, and I had a project that went through 3 blades, I was a little miffed. The cricut blades are great on tougher material like thick cardstock and foam.

Cricut is the only brand I've come across that carries the larger cardstock (24x12) which I bought on Overstock.

If you need tools (tweezers, scrapers, etc.) - Making Memories Slice Tool kit is the best.

Amazon has consistently better prices on blades/mats (you can get in bulk) and also tools.

CUSTOMER SERVICE:
Cricut's customer service hotline is mostly available during business hours - this was really annoying when I went through my crisis with the E2. Especially being a working parent - I too work those same hours their hotline is open. They need to expand those hours. BUT when you get in touch with a real person, they're super rad.

Silhouette's customer service has always been fast on response via email and phone.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
MATERIALS I'VE USED ON THE EXPLORE - apparently this is the mother of all machines and I can cut all sorts of material. Challenge Accepted.

FOAM: (Do use a brand new mat - otherwise your foam will unstick mid cut and you will turn into a sailor). The nice thing about this software is that you can still customize your cut pressure. After you've loaded the mat, go to the ""Material Setting"" - then ""Add Material"" Name it foam, 235. Use the deep cut blade (I've tried variations of settings and deep cut and regular blade before I figured out that I could adjust the setting. DUR. Do know that on one side, it will leave roller marks. So mirror your cuts as necessary.

VINYL: OH EM GEE!! This thing is a dream to cut vinyl with. I uploaded some designs that I liked through the program and it cut them perfectly! My kiddo is obsessed with Mario right now - so I cut out some Mario vinyl and stuck them onto a mason jar - made my own lid insert and voila - instant piggy bank that cost me about $1 to make. I'm thinking this would be a great way to make personalized party favors - fill little jars with candy, or trinkets.

I struggled with cutting on Canvas and Burlap. The material would come undone - even on a new mat, I think I would have to use some type of a spray adhesive on the mat to make it happen.

PENS: I figured since the pens were pretty fine point - that it wasn't able to make an significant drawings - I was wrong. You can set it to run a few times over so it makes a thicker line. I liked that a lot. And it's awesome to NOT have to switch out a pen for the blade - which you have to do with the Silhouette. The computer controls everything - and it's made doing a project effortless and efficient.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
WHAT I LOOK FOR IN A SOLID MACHINE:
I need my end projects to be of quality.

ROI has to be solid (Return on Investment) - which means to me - the time I spend ""designing it"", cutting it, and if necessary, putting it together. The machine has to be easy to use to minimize mistakes - I hate wasting paper - or having to run the same project 3x b/c the mat slipped or a cut didn't go all the way.

VERDICT...are you ready for it?
I guess is really dependent on you.

Is noise level important? If yes, go with the Explore. As much as I love the robotic symphony that my Silhouette makes, I'm pretty sure my neighbors don't love it.

Are you limited on budget? If yes, go with the Explore - the subscriptions option really gives you a diverse group of cuts all for the same price. The machine is really easy to use as long as you have basic computer skills.

If you do get an explore - I highly recommend getting a bundle, it seems like you get more for not paying a whole lot more.

Am I going to part ways with my Silhouette - NO - but I did end my subscription plan with them and just buy as I need. Their library has many more ""sophisticated"" and ""3d"" projects that I really enjoy putting together/

If you were to go out and get a machine - since you've never had one before - I'd go with the Explore. It offers a lot of versatility that you don't have to get nickeled and dimed for - I like that I can do 1 project with little effort and get the kids excited to want to participate. There are tons of licensed materials too - so if you have kids - this is great.

I have a feeling that now that they're done doing the development of the machine, they're going to be spending more time/focus on the software side. Which makes this a solid investment. Every time I've thought of something random to do - the machine has been able to make it happen for me."
"Let me say first that I do love this machine and am so glad I chose it over the smaller ones. It seems to be very versatile and I love how quickly it cuts intricate images.

But there's a big downside for at least one out of ten users, and that's the fact that the software is Windows-only. This means that if you use a decent computer (that is to say, a Mac), and you want to update the firmware, you're out of luck. And if you want to use SCAL software to cut fonts from your computer, you're also out of luck, because you have to update your firmware for SCAL to work.

At best this is ridiculous and at worst, just plain unacceptable. People have suggested we use Windows virtualization software (Parallells, VMWare, etc.) to run the Cricut software, but that would require a purchase of the Windows OS and that's just not gonna happen. (And those who have tried this report that it usually fails anyway.) I don't understand why Provo can't release a simple little driver-type program for the Mac, just to update the firmware. Or do what the company that makes the Slice does, which is to put the updates on the newer cartridges so a computer isn't even needed to add them.

A great machine, but the company has been claiming for at least a year now that they are ""looking into the possibility"" of a Mac version of their software. Not acceptable. Every printer, scanner, and all-in-one on the market today has an OSX-compatible driver. This should be no different, and since it's hardly a difficult task, I wonder at Provo's real motives for avoiding it for so long."
"I have found the the Cricut is very easy to use. Compared to hawling out all of my supplies to use my Sissix or Wizard, I find the Cricut to be a space saver and very simple to use. I love how you only have to load the paper and type what you'd like and hit 'cut' and it does the work for you!

The cutting blades stay sharp and last a very long time. There are also many different cartridges to choose from for unlimited creativity.

As a long time Wizard, Cuttlebug, Sissix user, I really love the layout of this machine and the easy to use format. With my other cutters, I have broken the plastic plates by loading them wrong and fumbled with all the plates and don't bring it out all that often due to the hassle. With the Cricut, you just have the machine, the cutting mat, and the pre-cut paper and you are ready to make some cool things. It's great for cutting out words or names especially.

The only minor problem I have had is with loading the paper, sometimes I have to restart loading because my cutting mat gets hitched wrong in the loading which is nothing major. You also have to make sure you have the cutting pressure up high enough to cut or the blade will not go all the way through the paper. The basic settings may take a little while to get used to but that's the case with all the cutters.

This is a great machine. If you do a lot of scrapbooking or crafting the Cricut is a great investment. I am really enjoying this product."
"I received my Cricut last week and I love, love, love it! On advice of others I also bought the SCAL program (not by Provo but by Sure Cuts A Lot) which allows me to use non cartridge images and since then I have cut out so many images that I don't really know what to do with them all yet. There are so many possiblilities and the Cricut is so cool that I turn it off only to turn it back on again to try something else. I've cut out Halloween images, made halloween coffin boxes, made gift bags, and just cut out images for the fun of seeing how beautiful they come out. There are also free SVG images (used with SCAL) and that's how I got my Halloween images. The one downside is that I can't stop playing with it so work and kids are getting neglected. Also, I can see my mat will lose the sticky soon with so much use but there is a youtube video out there showing how to make your mat sticky again - so when the time comes I'll give that a try.

Yes it's kind of expensive but I used my credit card points to get Amazon gift certificates and I used those. I would definitely buy this again with or without gift certificates."
"In many ways I think this machine is great. I am able to create so many cards now with so many designs that I am content to sit and craft all night long. I love the fact you can get letter and images, cut paper, card, vinyl. The machine is not cheap but someone always has it on sale and it is worth every penny. I no longer have to buy cards as I can make them myself. I would however advise the purchase of extra cartridges as the two that come with this machine although they are good are limited. That in turn can add on the price but I would say shop around and share with friends.  There are lots of message boards with tips on getting your mats sticky again and also exchanging cuts etc. If you have kids or are a teacher I can see this becoming a great tool for displays and crafting.  Personally even with the price tag this is the best thing ever!!  I am now also looking into scrapbooking as I feel that I can do that without too much cost now that I have built up my cartridges etc."
"I love my Cricut Expressions!

I have tried many new projects and most have come out great.  The only reason I think my other projects did not come out so good is because I am still learning how to set the blade depth according to paper weight and small cuttings.

I definitely recommend Cricut Expressions to anyone looking to buy it."
I am thinking about buying one of these but by reading the reviews it sounds like this company is milking 1980's engraving technology. I imagine that if someone came out with a modern version of a machine like this it would cost $1000's. It's a shame this company is just milking old technology and doesn't have a machine that is versatile and uses a computers already available power. From what I see of this machine I would rather spend $1000 or more on a machine that allows you to do real design. For now I can't see spending a lot of money on an obsolete machine that is only marketed to suck money out of the buyer. This company has the technology in place but chooses to use 30 year old technology just to suck money out of buyers.
"is much better than the personal cricut. You have multiple choices on the machine itself for mulit-cut, auto-fill, fit-to-page etc, that the personal doesn't offer.  How do I know? I ordered the (personal) thinking it had the same features and it didn't, trust me it makes a huge difference. Size actually does matter in cricut world and you can expand to 12"" X 24"" which if you have the opportunity to upgrade, for a minimal price, just do it !

I have found the Cricut Expression reliable and fun to use. There are so many features and choices for projects that you will truly never be able to complete/use them all in a life time. I have been using my Expression for about 2 weeks straight with b-days, thank-you's  and just because cards. You will have to experiment and find what works for you. Be prepared to use up some paper if you are looking for ideas or ""tweeking"" the settings. I have a paper shredder so put my scraps in, shredded and dumped in my recyle bin, felt I was tring to do my part with going ""green"" thing.
I found just the right size and settings for cards so now working on my Thanksgiving and Christmas projects. With the expression it's like having your own card shop, personal decorater, and craft store all in one unit.

But be prepared to be invested in this, with the cartridges, blades, papers, tools etc. I gave this item 4 stars because I felt there wasn't enough clear information, descriptions etc on what you can do with this machine and for the price point it should all be right there for you to explore, including the extras I mentioned above !"
i am glad I waited!! I went and brought the pink expression from Michael's!! And Love it!! And I got it for 299.00 on sale!!!
I priced this at several places both physically and online and this Amazon price was by far the best/cheapest.
I've only had the Expression for about a month and I really love it. No technical problems so far. It really is fun to make such different stuff and build great looking cards and make titles any size for pages.
So far I love this machine.  It does what the website says it can do.  Just wish the cartiages were cheaper.
"This machine is nothing like the quality the commercials and advertisements make it out to be.  It is suppose to be able to detect the edges of your papers and it does not so.  Even more the commercials show how easy it is to cut out images on your photos but in real life, it is harder to align them and will take several trys and damaged photos to cut them out how you want.  This machine can not cut regular thickness paper as it is to thin.  When it cuts the Scrap booking paper you can buy at the stores it tears on the edges.  *no the blade is not dull it is a new blade*  This is the worst spent Money ever.  The company has refused to respond to my emails for a refund and its been under 15 days since purchase."
"I got this as a gift for Christmas.  I bought all the accessories, including the deeper blade.  I found that the machine does not cut chip board as the product claims.  It also does not cut quilting fabric.  Both of which are demonstrated on the DVD provided.  I spent another $40 attending a class at a local scrapbooking store using the Cricut Expressions.  I am glad I did this because it reassured me that I was not a slow learner.  The instructor also had problems trying to get the machine to perform, and the instructions provided were very vague and poorly written. When I have called the customer service at Provo Craft the ""tech"" did not know how to use the machine, and was not helpful. On the up side, I did buy the software package, on sale.  The software has been essential for me to be able to use the cartridges.  I agree that all the Cricut products are way over priced, especially when there is little or no customer support.  Save your money and buy ready made die cuts."
"I have had my machine for almost 3 weeks, I have yet to use it because I didn't receive the cartridges that are supposed to be packaged with it.  I contacted amazon who put me in email contact with the shipping company who finally responded to my request to get the missing cartridges.  I was told they would be shipped right out via priority mail, I have yet to receive them.  I am anxious to see if this machine is as good as I have been told it would be."
"My Cricut got to my house in Hawaii, 3 days after it was ordered, very fast shipping.  I love it.  Best purchase I have made."
"Any quilter looking for a better way to cut those difficult applique shapes or multiples of one shape - hearts for example - and have them all turn out the same needs the Cricut Expression.  Cutting material with it does require a few adjustments - fusible bond to make the material rigid enough to withstand the lateral pressure of the blade and keep it from pulling the material sideways, and increased blade pressure to help ensure that the blade cuts all the way through the material - but the results are fantastic.  It can cut very intricate pieces in a wide range of sizes, and is going to add a whole new dimension to my quilting experience.  I do recommend the tool kit, since the smaller or more intricate pieces can be a bit delicate to remove from the cutting mat without the proper tools, but my quilting buddies are all talking about investing in their own machines now that we know what it can do.  Also, be sure to read the manual before use, not just the quick start guide - without the manual's instructions it would be very easy to incorrectly install the cutting blade and end up with the problems I've read about from other users who complained that the machine didn't cut correctly.  Just 10 minutes of reading to make sure everything is set up correctly, and you can enjoy a lifetime of creative fun with this machine."
"I installed the blade with ease...next step insert cartridge and turn on...no problem...except machine will not recognize that there is a cartridge inserted! I tried with multiple cartridges many many times. I called the 800# and there are ""technical difficulties""...I sent an email days ago and so far no response. I'm ready to return the darn thing!"
still finding out more about it and loving it. can do so many things and make own stickers etc.
"First, let me say I love my cricut expression. It's an amazing scrapbooking tool. Not only can you boost your creativity, you'll save paper by using the middle of ""backgrounds"" that get covered up and reduce spending on embelishments from the store.

However, it won't pay for itself likely.  It has a high price tag and to get the most out of it, you'll probably need at least 4 different cartridges.  The cutting mat wears too easy as well.

The price tag is worth it for me as this is my only hobby and I love doing it.  I'm sure the price will come down as more retailers start caring cricut products."
"If you're considering buying one, you prolly don't need another review telling you how much fun they are.  However, if you are looking at the different types of cutters and don't care for the cartridge system, you should know there IS software out there that makes it so you can use any font on your computer, etc.  It's called ""sure cuts a lot"" and I wouldn't have bought the cricut if I hadn't run across that software.  I hate the cartridge system and haven't ever bought another cartridge, and probably won't.  But I LOVE my cricut!"
"Bought my wife the Cricut Expressions machine and several cartridges. Suddenly I have lots of free time! She's practically tied to the machine cutting out every which and whatever she can and I've finally caught up on my DVR'd TV programs.
I highly recommend the product for all husbands that want to have more  time for themselves."
"The Expression is an awesome machine!  I have no cons about the machine itself.  About the cutting mat, if it's too sticky, press a clean t-shirt down on the mat & peel it up to remove some stickiness.  Simply pressing your clean hands on the mat will also remove excess stickiness and woks just as well.  If the mat has lost stickiness, wash thoroughly with dish soap (Goo Gone might be needed) and dry thoroughly.  Spray with Krylon Easy-Tack, let the Krylon dry thoroughly and, if needed, press & peel a clean t-shirt (or hands) to remove excess stickiness.  Use a lint roller after cutting especially ""linty"" paper and after each session with your Cricut.  The mats will last a really, really long time this way.

I'm sure Provo Craft does not recommend doing anything other than buying new mats, but those who've been using the Cricut since the beginning have found ways to work around the mat issue.

There are also software programs that are compatible with the Cricut that will allow you to cut the True Type fonts installed on your computer, as well as many other file types and designs.  (Not Cricut Design Studio, but other, non-Provo Craft programs such as Sure Cuts A Lot and Make The Cut.)  Google is your friend. ;)

I wish Provo Craft would release their own software that will allow Cricut users to cut our own fonts, but it hasn't happened (despite begging from customers).

Search the web for discussion boards with Cricut topics.  There's a wealth of info out there, as well people who are excited about their machines and eager to help. :)"
"The Cricut Expression is a fantastic tool to have.  As a kindergarten teacher, I do a lot of cutting.  It has been great not to have to cut out 20 of everything by hand.  This machine is very easy to use and fast.  I have used the original mat many times and it is still working well.  As with everything there is a cost to using it.  Eventually my cutting mat will need to be replaced.  But, it is a small price to pay for the time I am saving.  As I said, it is a fantastic tool.  I wish I had gotten it sooner."
"The recent purchase of this machine has prompted me to become a papercrafting addict.  I had not been into scrapbooking or papercrafting prior to my research and eventual purchase of this machine.  With the simple touch of a button, the Cricut easily cuts out the most intricate of designs.  My husband and I both watch in awe as the cutting blade zips around the paper. It is very user friendly and offers many cartridges from which to build your library.  While this machine prefers a permanent workspace, it is not overly cumbersome to move wherever you choose to work.
Accessories such as replacement mats, blades and ink cartridges have proven to be readily accessible and reasonably priced.
There is definitely a wide price range on the machine, so research and shop wisely.
Con:  Unlike the manual die cutting machines, the Cricut does not have the ability to emboss.
Overall:  If you have an interest in papercrafting or are looking to be thrust into a whole new hobby, look for a good price tag because this is the machine for you."
This is a must have.  There are some down sides though.....First the mat is not the best.  I just used mine for the first time this afternoon and it was so sticky my paper stuck to it so bad I could not get it off and I had to run it under hot water!  After getting all the paper off I am not sure the mat will even work like it should.  They need to come up with better quality mats.
"My husband surprised me with a Cricut for Christmas. I use it all the time for srapbooking. When I want to do small letters I opt to use stickers instead of the cricut because they are hard to get up with out ripping. When you first get the mat it's so sticky you need to use heavy cardstock or else the paper is really hard to get up. Once I figured out the little quarks it worked a lot better. Would definately recommend, all my friends come over to cut out letters for their own projects!"
"I purchased the Cricut Expression after testing it with a friend that had just purchased one.  I use it constantly!  No more cutting out letters by hand for me!!!  The letters are precisely cut without tearing.  It also cuts designs, tags, and many more shapes too numerous to mention.  I recently made Valentine Cards to share with friends using the cartridges that came with the machine and tried out the new color ink cartridges (purchased separately).  The lettering was super fantastic!  The ink did not smudge and the letters were precisely drawn.  A big THANK YOU to this company for making my scrapbooking and card making easier!

The only downside was the $$$...however, if you do your homework by shopping around, you can save.  I took a sale ad from a well known fabric store to a different local craft store that had the machine.  Low and behold, they honored the other store's sale ad! This saved me lots of $$$.  I plan to buy most of the cartridges at our local discount store that has them for less $$.  The finished product makes it worth the $$$."
"This is one of those products that could have been soo much more than it is.  Like adding a USB port to enable connecting to a computer, but then you would not need to buy the really expensive extra cartridges, now would you.

Bought this for my wife, she seems to really enjoy it.  It does everything that it says that it does.  The sheet of plastic that holds the paper down is not great, I am sure that they could have found a better way than a disposable plastic sheet, but oh well. The tool kit is very helpful to have in order to pull the cut pieces from the plastic sheet.

I got this for my Wife and Sister who both do this sort of thing, and that also enables them to share cartridges, thus reducing the number of needed accessories.

This is one of those devices that you just want and you know (or for your spouse).  I looked at the other similar products out there, and they are just not as flexible as this machine (i.e. the Sizzix) becasue you can change the sizes to what ever you need, you do not need to buy an additional alphabet set just to get a smaller size.  Has some nice features like being able to create a start tag, add as much text as you want, then an end tag to create one uniform looking tag."
Took a month to ship it out and it didn't work.
wife loves it. Yes I scored points. She says it works great and is fun
I received the item in a timely manner and it came well packaged.  I set it up immediately and began to enjoy using it!  It is exactly what I anticipated and am not disappointed in the least.
works great
"This machine is ridiculously hard to use. The instructions and tutorials they provide are for the most sophisticated features.  There are no tutorials for simple straightforward projects. If you have a simple question like, how do I fill the page, or how do I duplicate an image, you have great difficulty finding an answer. You're supposed to download the guide yourself and --I am not making this up--it's 335 pages long. They aren't even numbered in sequence so it's difficult to figure out what section you want to print out. (For instance, instead of commanding your printer to print out pages 50-65, you have to figure out what section 5A pages 3-10 are. It's maddening.)  I feel as if the company took a simple, fun machine for the home crafter and turned it into a computer programming nightmare. Do not buy unless you seriously want to commit to some graphic design.
(As for me, I have my Master's Degree and feel that I know my way around the computer fairly well, so take that into consideration. I wasn't approaching it blindly.)"
I absolutely love using my Cricut!  I have been able to make cards for all events at very little effort.  This machine was a life saver when it came to having nice cuts on very small details.
Ok
It's detail & cuts larger sizes than my original Cricut.
"The Cricut Expression is a definite must have! I wish I would've purchased it much sooner! I am a mom of 4 children and they are constantly using it for school projects! It's very easy to use too! My husband uses it for his home business as well. I'm a big paper crafter so I use the Cricut for all of my scrapbooking and cards.
The Cricut is very easy to use considering I never even read the manual. The bright light up screen tells you everything you need to know and allows you to make any needed changes. If you need any help the Cricut website is very helpful though too! Ideas can be found all over the Internet and on Pinterest so the inspiration is limitless! I do not have many cartridges but personally have seen the prices for them have really been decreasing recently so it's the perfect time to expand my library!
The most difficult part I have found with this machine is that I tend to forget what size I made my letters before and I have to try and guess what size they were to make them match. However other than that I love my Cricut and I would recommend it to anyone!"
really enjoy
I love Cricut products. When I got my machine when you turn it on it made a high pitch noise. I should have exchanged it for a new one but we were moving and I didn't have the time. I love my machine but don't use it very often because of the high pitch ringing when the machine is on.
Works like a dream.
Not enough words to say how great this one has been. Absolutely love it.
Quick Shipping. Product exactly as advertised.
"Piece of crap. Leaves  lines from blade drag. Company wouldn't help , told me it was my problem when I physically showed them what it was doing. Thank god amazon took it back, buy a sillouette save your self the headache ."
I love my cricut. I use it regularly for wedding & birthday cards and decorations. I have saved so much money. This is such a great investment.
Make sure you turn you cricut on often. I have a cricut that have used about 4 times. I had no idea that it had to be turned on often or it would die. I haven't used it in about a year and when I tried to use it to make some Christmas gifts it just would not turn on. I called customer support and they told me the computer components probably died because it hasn't been turned on in quite a while. They need to tell you it has to be turned on often. I am frustrated. I did not begin to get my money's worth.
wife likes it
"I love my cricut. I use it many times a year for various crafts. It cut small details well. If I can imagine it, I  can cut it."
"Got this machine a few years ago. I used it only a few times. I kept it in the original box and it was like new. When I got it out to use it a week ago, it wouldn't work. Cricut sent me a new power source but that did not help. They told me because it was out of warranty, they cannot do anything for me. :-(  expensive mistake. Debating if I should buy another Cricut."
"I do like the circut, but it takes more effort than it should. I'm a teacher and use it to make letters for bulletin boards and things around my room and the school. I ALWAYS get compliments on my work. I prefer to buy the digital fonts so that I can get to my account from any where as long as I can connect a circut to a computer with Internet connection BUT I constantly lose connection and spend more time restarting and reconnecting than I should. Other friends tell me the same! This is a problem with the Cricut. The Cricut people know this. Their solution is for you to purchase a newer model. They are always very nice, but not helpful. They say they know it is an issue and offer a ""I'm so sorry"" but there is no solution. The cartridges are easier, but they don't offer the flexibility or the options that are offered online. This is like comparing someone using a typewriter to a computer.

Maybe the newer models have a better connection... but I'm not paying more money for a newer model."
I enjoyed this product! I never had a circuit before and a friend recommended it. I am so glad that I purchased it. I made some great center prices for my friends daughter graduation and it looked amazing. I got a lot of compliments. The great thing is it saved me so much time...
love it. it's the only one that will work with SCAL (besides original cricut). i love that it cuts 24X 24
"Cricut is VERY deceptive. Does not work with the new software. I spent several hours trying to update my machine to find out that it is not compatible. It does not reveal this information ANYWHERE on the Cricut Web site. I called customer service to encounter a very rude technician who finally told me that it was not compatible. Until that point, I was fine with the machine and would have been satisfied using is as is.  I will NEVER buy another Cricut product. Off to buy a Silhouette!"
The cutting blade holder had to be replaced.
Yes
"I love this cricut expression machine.  I hate the one that is mini an has to be online to use....
Thank you ...."
gift
Bought this as a gift for my wife. She still uses it today. She's made amazing crafts with it and haven't received a single complaint.
This machine was re furbished and works great. Love all the things that I can make with it!
Love it! It's perfect for the work!
This is a great machine. Easy to use and you don't have to be on the Internet to enjoy it and craft. I recommend buying the Cricut tools as well. They really help. Love love love it!
Thanks
Nothing but trouble with it. Left a cut across all projects. Returned for refund.
Very disappointed! Power cord was missing!
Works great. Not really my thing but have pulled it out occasionally for kids projects. Can not use any software other than cricut with it. After cricut sued everyone. Cricut a software is horrible and can not download fonts and shapes from where ever you want.
The button to remove the paper don't work.
So far we love it!  Just getting used to the new machine.
Love it great price
"I purchased this machine 10/1/13.  I used it in the spring of 2014, it was not super easy as I remember but still useful.  I put it away and pulled it out again this spring (about 1 year later) to start making decorations for my daughters graduation party.  It started up great and cut out a few designs. Then, I connected it to my computer so I could use the craft room tool to set up more designs. Here is where I ran into issues.  The machine needed a firmware upgrade in order for the designs to be cut. I started the process, it looked like the process was working until the bar along bottom that moves the mat and paper began spinning.  It won't exit this process, the bar starts and stops and starts and stops. It is stuck in the start up mode (possibly) but won't move beyond the bar spinning.  I tried customer service over the next 2 or 3 hours and got nothing but a busy signal.

I was able to put the machine in recovery mode, but then the cricut sync software stays stuck in ""waiting for recovery mode"".  This crap is UNACCEPTABLE.  Waste of money.

Spent the weekend looking at discussion boards and found out that this is a common problem with the CE2.  The company should do a recall. Spending over $200 basically for a toy for myself is an investment.  I don't usually buy things like this as  it is a luxury for my budget.  What a disappointment."
I love it....caught up my scrapbook and are going to make greeting cards!!
Was timely and works well.
love this machine..
I love my cricut!!! It is amazing!
Love this product! I would go big or go home and definitely get the large circut over the smaller one!
"awesome machine.  no question about it.

only wish they offered software to cut my own shapes via USB.  The shape cartridges get expensive, and the consumables (mats & blades) are pretty expensive too."
"I love this machine. It can so so much fun stuff. I am already enjoying it so much . Thank you
I am very pleased  with the cricut machine"
Met expectations
Never receipt my bonus!!!!!
Love it!!!
awesome
This was a Christmas gift for my daughter.  She is very happy with it and enjoys making things with her Cricut.
"One of my favorite purchases.  I had a quick lesson from a friend on a different machine and learned this one fairly quickly.  I refer to You Tube a lot for help, LOVE THIS, and have used it many times over and over again.  Purchase the cartridges when they are on sale though."
"Poor information, I just find out that does not work with PC when I try to use it"
So much fun and versatile! Easy to use.
Fantastic machine!
I love the machine but I was told I was getting the Platin cartridge which I did not get I received Hanna Montana which I have no interest for
mom loved it
Great machine.. I just love it
Wife loved. Perfect gift!
BEST thing I EVER bought
does a good job but cartridges are too expensive
"I bought this as a present for my wife, for scrap booking, It worked fine, for about 6 months then stopped. It now drops the USB connection, when trying to cut any object from their software.  She has contacted Cricut customer service, which has been poor. They told us to check the firmware versions, (up to date), We've tried 2 different computers, same issue. Emailed back to customer service and now no response.
I would not recommend this product to anyone."
product arrived quickly and as expected. pleased
"Does some pretty neat stuff, my wife likes it."
Totally love this machine!!!  It can do so much!!!!!
"Use it all the time, for scrapbook, school projects.. awesome paper cutting machine!"
LOVE this machine!!
Awesome product.
"Not happy, this was faulty on receiving, it wasn't replaced, part refund was given, and I still lost a lot of money, sadly."
As advertised.  Should come with more cartridges.
"We've had my wife's Cricut Expression for a little less than a year and our experience with it hasn't been good.  Overall, the machine does do what it advertises that it does, cut paper from designs contained on either the cartridges that you buy or ones that you download from their website using the ""Craft Room"" software.

Since the machine does cut paper I'll leave that topic alone since users will have mixed results based on paper types, etc.

Our greatest issue as of late has been that Provo Crafts customer service is terrible.  Our Expression's keypad recently lost it's mind and many of the buttons don't function at all or at the very least don't function as labeled.  Only a few of the carriage movement arrows actually moves the carriage.  The rest of them activate or deactivate random other functions.  Yesterday the menu came up in German and it took me 20 minutes to get it back to English considering that the buttons weren't working right.

I called Provo Craft and spent 1.5 hrs on hold before finally talking to a support representative, who was very friendly and personable.  They talked me through doing a firmware update which had no affect on the malfunction.  They decided to replace our Expression and in order to do so I had to provide the S/N of the device to start the process.  I e-mailed them the required data and then I received an e-mail back telling me the next step in the process.  I am supposed to cut a 3-4"" section from the carriage belt, write the S/N on the deck where you insert the mat and take a photo of the Expression with the cut piece of belt and send this picture to Prove Craft.  At that point they will continue processing the shipment to get me my new Expression.  This is absurd!  Basically they are disabling our ability to even use the machine in a reduced manner until we receive our new machine, which could take up to a week or more to receive.  What if a person generates income with their Cricut?  Are they supposed to just take a week off?  Unacceptable...

To make a long story short, when we get our replacement we're going to place it for sale on Craigslist or eBay with the rest of our Cricut stuff and look into purchasing the Silhouette Cameo, which apparently has great customer service, allows you to cut any image that you would like from any source, and supposedly produces a better product."
Does everything I need it to. No complaints at all
love it .. should have bought it 2 years ago.
It is everything I hoped for.
Great!
Very happy with this machine.
"I bought this cricut and love it, it's great, but it does once in awhile freezes and my biggest complaint is the matt that came with it cracked twice on me in the first few weeks and I think for what the cricut cost it should never ever do that, ever!!! Had to buy another mat and I shouldn't have to do that.."
"I love it, kits the best"
The machine itself is nice. It is not as nice without cricut craft room software. The software is not compatible with MAC OS. Tech support is aware and have no estimates as to when it will be compatible. There are additional problems with windows 7 and 8. Do not buy if you have a MAC and be prepared for hours on the phone if you have windows.
Bought this for my wife & she can not use it due to software issues
"Do not buy this machine, especially if you have a mac; it is not compatible. Cricut tech support says maybe this issue will be fixed, but they make no firm promises.  I have lost hours upon hours trying to get this Cricut machine to work with my two mac computers. I have also tried, unsuccessfully, to use it with a PC. I have contacted customer support and walked though all steps with them. The machine is still not working on any computer. The Cricut technician only said they are trying to resolve the issue, but I did not get any reassurance that they would be able to fix it or any promise of a refund if they don't. Not only am I out the time I spent working on this issue, I am out several hundred dollars in useless product. I am a very unhappy customer. If I could give this product less than one star, I would."
I've used this machine waaay more then expected! everyone should own one
Excellent!!
Great wife very happy
"What can I say. I love it. I don't use it much but thanks to having friends who have taught me the basics and little videos on Youtube, it's easy to use. The machine came well packed and as advertised. I saved my points and bought a cute carrier on Overstock. Happy Cricuter!"
Came quickly!  Product as described.
Works great!
Exactly as I wanted and expected.
Bought this for one of my daughters & she truly loved it; said it was very easy to use.
"I know that Provocraft now has the Explore out - and from most accounts it does reallllly beautiful detail work.  But that's not the one I own and, unless they can get it to work without the net, it will not become my primary machine.

I really appreciate my Expression 1.  It cuts detail work as long as you don't get too, too tiny and it works with both the online images and with cartridges whether they are linked or not. I have enjoyed cutting words and images in vinyl as large as 23.5""x11.5"" and even a series of heavy cardstock, 18"", 3D Eiffel towers for my Godsons Prom.

I've had mine for about 4 years and have cut all different paper weights plus chipboard and foam.  Cartridges and individual images can now be purchased at a very reasonable price (most carts can be found for between $15 - $30 new, images for as little as $0.50). Of the 16 Cricut groups I belong to on FB this is, unarguably, the most commonly used machine in spite of the available upgrades. Indeed, the only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is that I've had difficulty doing serious detail work on objects 1.25""x1.25"" or smaller.

Best of all, Cricut/Provocraft has been stepping up their game with more than just Hardware.  Cricut's Customer Service has transformed over recent years into a company that can be used as an example of Exemplary Customer Service.  If you are honestly having difficulties and there's a way to help, they're on it. Over the last two years I've had no issues that were not resolved to mutual satisfaction when contacting them by phone."
Bought this for the office to use.  We use it quite frequently and get some good use out of it.  The touch screen is pretty easy to use and understand what is going on.
"If you have questions, do not hesitate to call the company. Someone on the other end of the phone will get out your very model and go through step by step with you! This machine is terrific. It does not require a computer to use it!"
"This is the worst investment you can ever make. You cannot use your own designs! You have to spend tons of $$$$ to get their designs. Worst part about it, you can't even use other software that works with every other cutting machine out there. Beware."
"This Cricut was recommended by a girl that attended the same craft class.
I have a lot of fun with it and would also recommend the Amazon way of payments to anyone, it is safe and reliable.

The CRICUT machine is a new way of getting scrapbook pages done and is a lot of fun.

Many thanks
Edna"
This was just what I expected. I have a daycare and I use it a lots. My clients love using the things I can make with machine. I am amazed at the variety of things I can create.
"I have never been so irritated with a product before. The first week i got my cricut, i had to sit and stare at it for over a week because it didn't work. The new software wouldn't update, so my cricut was useless. After hours of trying to solve that problem, i finally was able to use it. Ever since then my cricut has been nothing but a pain. It tears when it cuts small cuts. The mats are also junk. You can only use them for a couple times before they have completely lost their stick and are useless and the new mats are too sticky and tear the paper. The cricut craft room online is horrible. I recently purchased one item that had different layers to it. My cricut would not cut the image. When i clicked cut, it didn't do anything and and then it would just say it was done. When it would cut it would cut the wrong image that I didn't even have on the craft room. Also, if you don't buy a digital copy of an image, the cartridge is pretty much impossible to figure out how to use. I had to guess on where the image would cut out on the mat and most of the time i had to repeat it several times because the entire image did not cut on the paper. Overall this project has wasted much of my time, and has made me VERY frustrated. I would not recommend buying this product. I wished i would have spent a little more money and bought the silhouette cameo."
I haven't used the machine yet because I'm still in shock over the color I received. The machine was shown as white with no indication that it would be anything different. When I opened the box it was this ugly green!! True it should work the same as a white one but when you pay $250.00+ for something you should receive what the item description indicates. Also I received different cartridges than shown in the item description. I am ok with the cartridges I received but again you should get what is shown. I contacted Craft Direct and they were no help whatsoever. I guess I'll have to buy a cover for it so I don't have to look at it all the time. Be careful when purchasing this item...you may not get what you think you are purchasing.
"I ordered the older model Cricut Expression1 through Amazon/Craft Direct. There was some confusion as to which machine I would be getting due to an inaccurate picture/descriptive on the website. Turns out that I did receive the Expression Limited Edition Green Machine as opposed to the one pictured in the ad. As you know, it doesn't make any difference what color the machine is, just that it works as it is supposed to. (they are working on changing the descriptive of the machine) The Cricut Expression1 I received works like a charm; I was able to connect to the internet; then updated it and I have no complaints. I am enjoying the ability to cut numerous colors for a project all at one time, due to the 12"" by 12"" cutting surface. There was the issue of no DVD supplied with the machine as the descriptive stated, but after contacting the seller I find that they are no longer available. Craft Direct did refund part of the purchase price due to the mixups stated, and I am happy it has worked out well for both of us."
"Hate it.  Cricut has a software package you can design your page, works great.  Problem is you can't cut any of it without buying each individual cartridge to cut them.  Then you stick the card stock/etc to the mat.  That's the last time you will ever use that card stock again.  The mat is so sticky that removing it completely destroys the cut card stock.  Awful product."
"I am a very happy owner of two Expressions, Expression 2 and well over 200 cartridges.  I was gifted with my second Expression in January (2014) and began to hear some odd noises and then started to notice that my cuts were off on the left side of my mat.  I noticed something odd with the internal wires inside so called Cricut to find out what I needed to do.  I was informed that I would need a receipt for warranty purposes which is understandable but it was a gift and I didn't think I would be able to obtain it.  A few minutes later I received a call from Provo Craft informing me that they would replace my machine even without a receipt this one time!!! I can't tell you how happy I was to get that call - THANK YOU VERY MUCH PROVO CRAFT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"I got this for scrapbooking and it has worked out really well.  Unfortunately I don't work on my books more than a few times a year so it sits for long periods of time, but when I need it, it works great!"
"Just purchased this machine and received it yesterday. It has a small screen and you can't really seem to mess it up. The guide book is kind of useless. You just have to start pushing buttons to figure it out. I am like a dude when it comes to machines so I refuse to sit in a lawn chair and read 55 pages of ""whats in it for you""......so far so good....but I will warn you that I went to bed with a headache from looking at the screen too long and squinting my eyes."
I have had my cricut expression for several years.  It is a wonderful unit with lots of available cartridges to choose from. I use it a lot for my own personal crafts as well as for my place of employment.  Love the fact where you are able to adjust the size of the cutout or font. Other cutters you have to buy the size that you need and unable to adjust the size.  Love the fact where you can layer cutouts to create your design. It gives it a more 3D effect. Have not had any problems with my unit.
Cricket broke after updating software.  Worst customer service I have ever experienced!  A waste of money on an expensive piece of equipment & supplies!
"I have really enjoyed this, it is easy to use. I so looking forward to many more crafting projects  :)"
"What a great way to get into crafts and a hobby. At first I had some reservations about this machine, but once I got it and used it for the first time, I thought, oh wow, this is really easy and neat. But there is so much one can do with it and so I'm on that learning curve and trying different things out. I have watched several videos on YouTube which have been a great help. Love it and having fun, even at my age of 70."
"Didn't come with the computer cable so I couldn't do much with it, especially for what I paid for it. Ended up reselling it and buying a silhouette machine
Arrived quickly  and packaged well"
I sent the product back when I learned that the only software for can't be used to create individual designs.
So far so good. Easy to use. Enjoy cutting out banners with this machine. Having fun creating different craft projects.
"I love my Cricut! I bought a Cricut because I have a friend who has one and she loves hers and talks about all the things she does on hers. I am in charge of a bulletin  board at work and I wanted to be creative, and I am with my Cricut."
Bought this for my mom for Christmas last year. She uses it almost daily. We haven't gotten a store bought card since she received it. She absolutely loves it. Worked right out of the box and ever since. Great product.
"I couldn't wait for my cricut expression to arrive. I have been using the cricut  create for a little while so couldn't wait to make bigger projects on this. I've only had it for one day but so far it has been a great experience. It came with two Cartridges. I was alittle upset to find that one of the cartridges did not appear to be new. The box was already open and the seal on the Cartridge itself was missing. Along with the holer for the cartridge broken.  For the price I paid, I expected everything in the box brand new. Other than that Im satisfied with the machine and the other unopened Cartridge. So therefore I only give this four stars."
This machine does so many beautiful creations! I just love it and can't stop using it!! I recommend it to all of those people who are into crafts!
"If you like making handmade party or holiday decorations, then this is for you!  I love making custom banners and favors for my kid's parties.  The only downfall is that it's time consuming but most things that look great do take time!"
"I loved Amazon price and shipping.  This was very easy to use.  No computer needed to operate.  I love the key pad it is easy to read.  I am glad I did not get the newer model with just the one touch screen that does everything. This seems much faster to operate. Just push the button you want and press cut.  Cuts great, I really love using the light grip cutting mats.  The images come off much easier then with the standard grip mats and the paper or card stock doesn't curl up or tear when taking it off the mat."
"I got the pink on instead of this green one I order, But that was not a big deal, wihat was it that i didn't come with the Cricut Cartridge
it said it  come with  the pink one  was not happy with that and I try to contact them and still no Answers"
I bought this for my adult daughter for Christmas and she LOVES it! She does a lot of scrapbooking and said this is very easy to learn to operate. She can't wait to buy more cartridges.
"I love my Cricut.  I have been wanting one since they first came out!  Now I finally own one and it is amazing.  I have gone back and 'redid' some of my scrapbook pages ~ just because of how awesome the things are that can be made with the Cricut.  If you are a scrapper, stamper, artistic, or just plain talented, get yourself a Cricut, you won't regret it."
The first one we recieved did not work and the replacement one we got does not cut straight. We have not had anything good come out of this machine yet
The instructions are easy to follow.  Had it up and running within an hour.  This product is exactly what I wanted.
"I am quite disappointed now that I have purchased a Cricut Expression 2 and can not return it (I did not buy through Amazon).  With this machine you can not create your own shapes or use your own fonts.  Some brief searching led me to believe that you could use third party software to cut out any vector drawing or use any font.  This is no longer the case (as of Jan. 2014) due to legal action taken by Provo Craft.  Using this device you can only cut what is provided in the abhorrently over priced cartridges that are difficult to navigate and search for.  You can only use fonts provided by cartridges you have purchased, and 99% of the fonts I have seen in the cartridges you can buy are horrendous.  There is no way to convert vector graphics or true type fonts to a cartridge.

There is absolutely no technical reason why you couldn't cut out your own shapes or use your own fonts.  This is purely an artificial limitation placed on the device by Provo Craft using legal methods to force you to buy their cartridges.  Buying this is like buying a TV that will only display the manufacturer's channel.  If they would just allow you to use your own graphics or fonts (or even just allowed the third party software that provided this to continue without bullying them to stop), the number of shapes available to cut would basically be limitless.  As is, the number of shapes you can cut with this is severely limited.

I made the mistake of not researching more about this before buying, led astray by the many positive reviews.  When buying this, be aware that you will need to spend hundreds of dollars more to make the thing useful beyond the most basic of uses.  There are many alternatives that appear to function just as well as the Cricut, but are not artificial crippled and allow you to use whatever shapes or fonts you want.  Personally, I will be selling my Cricut and buying a Silhouette Cameo.  The extra cost of the Cameo will almost immediately be offset by the lack of need to buy additional cartridges."
Highly recommend this Cricut Expression 2 starter tool kit bundle. It's so much fun to use it and create things. I love it. 5 stars all the way.
"So I got the mini Cricut for Christmas and it was fabulous. Perfect, portable, and super easy.

After a few years, I needed more space and bigger cutting abilities so I invested in this machine - LIFE CHANGING. Seriously. I love this machine - it's easy to use and fabulous."
I was excited to receive this product until I opened it and started looking into the capabilities it lacks. I really thought thered be so many more options without costing you an arm and a leg and now there is a new machine coming out through Cricut that seems to have more capabilities. I wish I would have known the limitations prior to being interested. I wish I could send it back but I am sure since its been opened and I have done a couple sample cuts to try to like it I am sure I cannot return at this point. The one star is for disappointment
Works amazing! Can finally finish my scrapbooks now :)  Makes perfect cuts easy to program and use would recommend this to anyone who is a serious scrap booker :)
"I purchased a cricket expression two years ago. I used it one time. Second time I went to use it there was no power. Called cricket tech-support. They told me there is one year warranty and they will replace it,after that you are S.O.L. They have no repair centers to send it to and no one they could recommend to repair it. For the amount of money you spent for these machine you would think they would have a repair center. I would not recommend this machine to anyone, there are better options out there."
Its one of the best toys for people who like to craft. Easy to use and hours of fun creativity!
"i asked for help several times and have been ignored, i was told this was better then the shilowett and its not. you cant do the same as the shillowett, the rep said it was better, i spent 260.00 on something that works like crap, i would never recommend this product"
"I bought this for my wife for Christmas, she had the basic model, and decided she loved doing this. She loves it, she is always doing something on it. She has made a lot of little crafty things. They come out really cute. She hasn't had any bad things to say about it."
I bought it for my wife and she loves it more then the first one. She loves using it to make birthday banners for the family.
"I bought this for my daughter for Christmas.  I have not used it but she has and she says it is wonderful.  She has five children and the three oldest ones already know how to use it too. From the projects I have seen, it would be good for any crafter who works with paper projects or any teacher who does crafts with children."
I really LOVE my cricut! It's an amazing product. I have used it already for many projects and the people that I made things for loved them! The only thing is the cutting mat smells like feet and chemicals and you do have to replace them often but other than that it's a wonderful machine to have.
My daughter was thrilled to get this machine for the start of her student teaching!  So many options and still so much to learn!
This was very convenient due to my deployment in Kuwait. I am glad that I was able to order from my area and have that gift delivered in time for the holidays. My wife loves this device as well as my twin daughters.
"I still need to figure out what some of the programs & features are, more than what I had on my older cricut, but other than that, its good and works for what I need so far.  I cant wait to see what else I am able to use it for."
I bought this as a christmas gift and the person who received it seems to love it so i guess it is a good quality product but i do not know for sure.
"Thought it would do more
Be easier to operate
Thought I would be getting more for my money
Very disappointed it cost sooo much for the value I received"
"LED touchscreen did not work the first time it was used.  Only the top half of the screen would work when touched ; the bottom didn't.  The Starter kit did not include everything as stated in the description.  It was supposed to include  three 12 by 12-Inch cutting mats and only one was shipped.  It was supposed to include two pre-loaded cartridges and none were shipped.  It was supposed to include a spatula tool and none were shipped.  I really wanted this for Christmas, but I'm returning it and am going to purchase the original Cricut Expression without the touchscreen."
"It. Was a gift for my wife, and she is getting the best of it. It has an efficient productivity tool for scrapbooking and crafting lovers."
Love this machine and all the attachments!  Started using the day it arrived and make time daily to do projects.
"my wife loves it,,but its takin her a little time to figure out the ends and outs,,if somebody has some tricks to using this thing feel free to help"
"Really like the Cricut Expression with one caveat:  it seems to skip portions of each cutout, and I have to trim them with scissors."
"I bought it as a gift for my daughter in law, she said ""the cricut expression 2 met all of her expectations"".  She loves it."
I was always trying to make my own cards and invitations and now that is so taken to the next level! I am so amazed with this machine. You get free cuts each week and lots of videos to watch for ideas!
This was a big hit for my daughter. Exactly what she wanted and a great price. All the extras that came in the bundle made the purchase more than worth it
"I haven't had a chance to do a lot with it yet, what I tried I liked. I like the fact that I can use digit"
"I got this as a deal of the day on Amazon.  I had been holding out because of the price, but the deal could not be beat.  I have enjoyed making my own cards and crafts with this machine."
"Its a nice little cutter, you are able to take it places as its not to heavy came with one cartridge."
Got it for my kid and she loves it.  Cost a bit high $160 but worth it.  She loves scrapbooking.
"What a great machine. This is the first time I have used one.
My only disappointment is that I can't buy downloadable cartridges from the Cricut shop.
Is Australia not a part of the global economy?"
This was a gift but I have a Cricut and I love how easy it is to use.  Have used mine for 5 or 6 years.  But know it will get used a lot with the person who recieved
Excellent machine.  Easy to use with the four included pamphlets.  It makes incredible cuts. Downside is the sticky mats don't last long but you can find them for as little as five dollars each on line.  This was a great purchase.
"I had the normal Cricut Expressions. My husband bought me the new one for Christmas and I absolutely love it! I keep finding new features! It can cut different size objects at the same time! You can see the mat on the screen so you know where it will be cut and how big it actually will be before pushing cut! It is quieter than the original.

The only thing I don't like, is that the screen is so little. I understand it has to be small and you can zoom in. But, it makes it difficult to see. I HIGHLY recommend getting their free computer software : Cricut craft room. You can design on there and then cut so the size of the screen doesn't matter! Love this machine!"
"Bought this product as a gift, it had good ratings so I decided to go for it. It makes a lot of great things that you can use for parties or whatever and its pretty easy to use."
"But I was wrong
I have had my original Cricut for over 6 years and honestly didn't think I would ever need or use a larger machine. But Amazon had this pink Expression on sale for an awesome price last summer with 3 cartridges and I still had Christmas gift cards burning a hole in my pocket so I thought 'what the heck' I will just use it when I want to make larger things.
Well, my poor original bug has been on the shelf gathering dust ever since this pretty pink beauty arrived.
It cuts great and I am loving that I can cut more due to the larger mat.
I only have one complaint. When it is turned on, it makes a very high pitched whine. I am talking really high pitch and not very loud. My husband can't hear it but I can. It took me a few times to figure out why I was getting a headache when I was using the machine for more than a few minutes.
Now I just turn it off after I unload each mat and only turn it on when I am ready to cut again.
Other than that, no complaints."
Got what I expected when I expected it. Couldn't ask for much more than that. It was also in great condition.
"you can do anything on the machine. whether you are scrapbooking, card making or need to make signs...graduation, wedding, baby shower, garage sale and more. It is endless with is machine."
Touch screen remained frozen on the cricut welcome screen. Even after turning it off and on and touching the screen with the provided stylus.  A great way to kill the holiday excitement for my wife. We will be buying a cameo.
Bought this for decorating the bulletin boards at the library I work at. This is a great machine and is exactly what we needed.
"It was the perfect gift and shipped quickly, so we are very happy with our purchase! Would recommend it to others."
Nice product. Purchased the item for a great price. My daughter who is a teacher  loved it. Would recommend to others.
Absolutely love my Cricut!  So many things to make and so easy to use once you get the hang of it!
The pink ricut machine is so cute! I'm addicted to Cricut now and bought tons of cartridges. Here are some tips to sae money. For cheap cartridges you can buy it at Joann's during the holiday season as they have it on sale for 20 bucks. Also keep checking on the Cricut website as seomtimes they do 40% off cartridges. Also the mats are reuseable. You can buy adhesive remover to clean the mat and after that buy a adhesive/tack bottle and spray it on the mat and the it will be sticky again for continuous use. Love my Cricut!
I love my cricut I have been using it a lot and keep finding new ways to use it Thanks
"I have the smaller original circuit and wanted to go larger so I could do a better job with my scrapbooking, I am not one bit sorry, its a treasure.  I got the best deal ordering though amazon with speedy shipping,
Patti"
Was very disappointed that the original cartridges did not come with the machine. Was even more disappointed when I saw the cartridge for sale by this person separately. Seller should have also stated that finding a replacement blade housing is difficult.
"Love the larger size and the ability to hook up to the on line library of free stuff from Cricut with my laptop, but had some trouble getting started with the cutting and loading the shapes is not as quick as on the original cricut."
Love it. I have not had any problems with it so far. I love this device. I would recommend it to anyone!
"OMG I love my Cricut! I would recommend downloading the software to use on the computer. Its amazing! I love everything about it, esp the pink color. I also wasn't especting it to be HUGE but I still love it. I am so glad I got this deal."
"It is so nice that you can place actual full sheets of scrapbooking paper in this Cricut machine.  The pink design is cute, but the larger size really adds functionality and makes this so much more useful than the original Cricut cutters.  The pink package also has some nice extras, and is reasonably priced, so it's worth picking up instead of a standard unit."
Yeah very bad company. I purchased the Silhouette Cameo and the eClips. Both are really good and alot better than the Cricut. I can design whatever I want cut. I can't imagine how anyone could buy and stay with the Cricut company. You CANNOT design your own cut....
For Me This Was An Upgrade From My First Cricut. I Live All The New Features And As A Breast Cancer SurvivOr I Loved The Breast Cartridge.
"This Cricut Expression 2 won't work  because it needs "" updated"". The update won't load via my computer because, my computer runs 8.1 ;provo  craft has known this machine has problems with this setup. After talking to their help line,( for at least 20 min.) the tech realized what the problem  the problem  was (is). Was told they'd get back to me, two days ago. The machine  is totally useless as it sits."
"I had bought the Express 2 recently and did not like it. No longer using the rubber keypads to make your selection seemed more complicated. While I imagine the 2 has more options, it was not very intuitive. I had to read the manual for quite some time before I could even do my first cut job.

I returned it and got the older version and much prefer it."
The one I received was non functional.  Customer support at Provo Craft was truly awesome though and replaced my unit immediately!
I love Cricut soo much that my first Expression is wearing out. So I had to get a new one. This one was a great deal for the price. Works great. Love the cartridges that came with machine.
This is my first cricut. It works like it is supposed to. No problems with the machine. The cutting mat was extremely sticky at first and ate an entire piece of cardstock. Took me several hours to scrape it off. I have a silhouette cameo. Love that. So to me the cricut seems very limited. Bought the cricut for business purposes. I am learning to use it and get things the right size. It is nice that it does not have to be hooked to a computer.
"I like the improvements over the personal size cricut; 1/2"" to 7"", easy to use. Have only used it for some basic objects and lettering. It shipped very quickly. Very satisfied."
"I'd give it 5 stars for function, but took away a star because this is a replacement machine for one that stopped working after several years of moderate use.  Could not locate any factory service to get the prior one repaired so replacement was the only option.  There is a newer model available, but my wife wanted to stay with the one she had worked with before."
I debated on getting a Cricut machine for a very long time.  I LOVE THIS MACHINE!!!!  I have done so much with it already.  I am kicking myself for not getting it sooner!
I purchased this after attending a scrapbook retreat and used a friends Cricut. I love the color and the size it can use 12x12 or smaller but I am pretty sure it will not work with vinyl sheets.
was disappointed that the power cord wouldn't work so I had to buy a new one to be able to use this machine.
"At first I was a little intimidated by this machine, but once I read the manual, look at videos on YouTube, and did a little research of my own on the internet, it became much easier. I would have given it 5 stars, but the machine does not come with a chart that tells you which setting to have the machine to cut different types of paper. Other  than that no problems so far."
"I like the product but was very disappointed to find that I cannot buy any cartridges either digital or actual directly from Cricut website as I do not live in USA, UK or Europe. Australia is huge on crafting. Cricut are missing out on a big opportunity here."
"I am trying to learn in spare time from full time job.  DVD not much help, neither is Utube, they all do basics trying to learn with vinyl to peal off for lettering and cannot find any instruction for that."
I bought a cricut for my self years ago and decided to buy another one for my daughter and she loves it. The price you couldn't beat it just does so much for scrapbooking or making cards or what ever you want it to do.
"It is all I expected it to be.  Easy to operate --plug and play design.  I would recommend it to everyone who would like their card making and scrapbooking fast,  easy, and have satisfying result.  Worth the investment."
My 10 year daughter had no issue using the Cricut without having to read instruction. Well she did watch some tutorials online but could easily figure how to operate the Cricut. She spends a lot of time making cards and other craft stuff and is on the TV less now.
I love the Cricut expression cutting machine. My friend has one and when I saw how good it was I had to get one. Totally recommend it to people who are into scrap booking.
"Works great, this is my first one, so im still learning. Very easy to use and the pink for breast cancer is for a great cause!"
"Very disappointed. I was so excited to get my cricut and it never even turned on I had to send it back. Also was disappointed with the ""bundle"" it was just some extra things that were stuffed inside my box bent around to fit next to the machine."
Got the product and started working on my projects. It works wonders.  Easy to set up.  Only down fall is that it doesn't come with a cable to connect the machine to the computer.
I just love my machine use it for my card making and making items in 3D format. Very easy to use and to understand. Works great hooked up to the computer. It is easier to see your work. The toolkit sure came in handy the cartridges or the items loaded on the machine were also helpful to give a great start. Would recommend this item to all card making or crafty people well worth the investment
I had the smaller cricut and this Pink  Expression has so many more features and cuts great.  I alos love the pink color.
So much fun!  Very sturdy and durable.  Used for 8 straight hours with no issues at all.  Cuts all types of paper with no problem.
Works great! Even my 6 yo great niece loves to use it with my supervision of course. I haven't used it with anything but construction paper and card stock but am planning to cut letters our of sheet vinyl for my nephew's business truck.
"What a wonderful tool to make card making an ease and creative beyond description! Directions are easy to follow, and creativity is enhanced!"
"I bought my cricut a few years ago and was very happy with it at first. While it is true that the blades and pads need to be replaced fairly often I think this is true of most personal cutters. The Cricut cuts well. I cut chipboard, foam, and have even cut thick magnet with my machine without any problems. It is easy to use. It does not require any computer skills or an internet connection to get images. I make banners and all sorts of fun crafty items, including vinyl lettering. I was happy with it for a long time.

However, after seeing my friends Silhouette machine and it's capabilities, I have buyers remorse. With the Cricut you are pretty much cartridge bound. Often I will buy a cartridge but I only want one or two images off the cartridge. I would much prefer to purchase single images that I actually want rather than an entire cartridge that I only use a few images from. Although the cost of the Cricut is less to begin with I think I spend way more money on images than my friends with other personal cutters. Even with their new software you can only cut images from cartridges that you purchased. I would like to be able to use images that I created and cut them on the cricut. . If you are considering buying a personal cutter and have rudimentary computer skills buy the Silhouette. Personally, I can't imagine why anyone would buy a cricut now that there are so many other options out there and Cricut is not changing how you can purchase images. I can't imagine they will stay in business very long if they continue on with their current trend."
"Not sure if it was my fault, but we cut a glitter sheet of paper and that just threw off the blade. From then on, it doesn't cut completely through the paper which is disappointing."
"You cant print off of SVG images. Or ask it to print anything for that matter unless it is an image that is on a proprietary ""Circut"" cartridge.  The expense of this along is well over $3000 if you were to buy the cartridges at a DISCOUNTED price!

Next major issue is that it requires 'sticky' mats to cut.  which works great for the cutting... not so much for getting your project off of said mat.

Overall, there are better products that offer more options and cost less. Especially long term."
my daughter in-law loved it!  The starter kit really helped.  Be careful unwrapping the cutting knife it is very sharp and not clearly labeled.
i was so excited when the delivery arrived. so glad i caved in and bought this machine. i have been busy making/cutting out all ttypes of things. can't wait to try vinyl next!
"The machine from the outside was visually ok but the issues started when you tried to have it cut anything.  The blade would cut the outline but would be a very sloppy cut with both sides of the paper being ripped along the cut and then when the cricut would come to the end of the object that it was cutting out, it would slice the whole thing in half.  We tried updating the drivers from cricut home site and talked with their tech support but no help.  We have contacted Amazon for return.  Good machines when they work...aggravation when they go screwy."
"I bought this to use in my classroom because I was bored with the one set of die-cut punch-outs we had.  I've used it so many times, and several teachers have asked to use it as well.  It is quick, it is easy to learn how to use, and I am so glad I purchased it."
"I have a mini Cricut and love it.  I need a larger Cricut to do bigger projects.  Love the pink Cricut, it does exactly what I need it to."
"I love the machine and cartridges, put one major problem. the cartridges are used and the box was preopedned. The machine works don't look like its been used I didn't pay for used stuff."
"I thought this was going to be an amazing machine. I am less than thrilled. Did one project, using glitter cardstock. Have had to replace blade 2x already. Also..reels for mat constantly slip. If I coud return, I would."
"I love my cricut expression. I had a cricut imagine, which was a piece of junk and could never get Cricut to do anything with it. I love my expression though. I am a teacher and use it all the time. I often use the craft room software, and it works like a gem with it. The only thing I don't like is that it makes a high pitch sound all the time like a mosquito. If there is a tv on or music, I don't here it, but if there is no other noisy, it can be annoying."
"I have been wanting one of these forever, although i don't have alot of time to find out all of it's capablities, it is so quick to do a quick project or card or something u need to do in a hurry."
"Who knew paper cutting could be so fun?  Now the problem is what project to work on first.

This is also very simple to use, which is good because I am one of those people that just refuses to read directions."
"Love this machine.  There is no dislikes with this machine.
Would recommend to all.  Easy to use and cuts great. Just what I expected."
This item is really nice to have.  I have used it to cut letters for my class and it looks sharp.  The only problem that I have had so far is that some letters weren't cut smoothly on some edges.  Might just need to play with the settings.
"I bought this my daughters birthday and she loves it.  She had s smaller one, but always wanted a larger one and this did the trick.  thank you"
"My new Cricut is a wonderful addition to my scrapbooking and craftmaking equipment. Got a very good deal on the price on Amazon. It is a very cool tool to make lettering and tags and cards, adding an aesthetic to my repertoire of stamps and rub-ons for scrapbooking. The Cricut is very user friendly and easy to operate right out of the box, but I watched a few You-tube videos before buying, basically just to see the features and if I needed it. I really did need it ;-) It is my birthday gift to myself, and I was spending tons of money on die-cut alphabets for projects anyway ... I talked myseld into the purchase easily."
I didn't like the way it was sent. It was sent in a box twice the size with very little packing so the boxed move alot. I had to send it back cause it didn't cut right.  The next one was packed the same way. I hope it works?
My only dislike is the size of the images on the  screen. I wouldn't have complained but someone showed me another model.
"improvement over the personal cricut,  can cut more than one at a time. Its fun to use with good results. OK?"
"The cricut bundle itself is a great machine but amazon sends it to you already opened and with parts missing. I'm not the first person to get ripped off by Amazon with my purchase of this bundle.  They stuff the extra cutting mat into the box and bend it beyond use. It has to be straight to properly work with the cricut. So you will find yourself having to go out and buy another one. For some reason Amazon takes out the purchase certificate and keeps it. It wouldn't be a big deal except the purchase certificate entitles you to free downloads of new designs from the cricut website. So you might save a few dollars when you buy the bundle package from a amazon, but you will end up paying a lot more to recover the stuff Amazon takes out or damages when they send it to you. And don't count on amazon making things right, they just said ""send it all back and we'll refund you within 7 business days""."
So many things to make and it is so easy to use.  Loving this machine.  So easy to create with this.
Received the item in the estimated time frame.  It is everything I wanted.  I would definately recommend for others interested.
I am so happy with my new cricut machine. It is fun too.  I am still learning all the features.
"I have not really had the opportunity to use this like I would like to (non-stop!) i have a lot of distractions right now from my crafting, but i did use get to use it once so far just to try it out, & it works like a charm! Pretty too!"
"I love my cricut espression.  I have considered the new one but it is not easy if you aren't computer savoy.  I make cards and stamped objects and after using my circuit I don't know how I lived without it.  It has opened up another world of ideas to create!  Yes you do have to buy cartridges but they have gotten very sophisticated images. Now some stamping companies like Close to My Heart have their own cartridges and coordinating stamps.  The shape is cut and then stamped, viola, no hand cutting."
I tried to cut vinyl the knife depth does not adjust and it cuts through the paper every time do not waste your money here!
"This is my second Cricut Expression. This is by far the best cutter on the market. I've tried others and am now back with the best. I was skeptical of using the Amazon Warehouse service but the price was so good I took a chance. They said it was ""used, like new"" and it arrived in ""new, never used"" condition! I will use this service again. Thanks to both Amazon Warehouse and Provo Craft!"
"First time to try crafting and when i see the pink edition I'm so in love right away, so fashionable and users friendly I encourage my friend to get one and now were both enjoying it :-)"
This is my first Cricut Machine and I absolutely love it!  Very easy to use.  I used this for decorating our entire school for a special event and the machine never failed me.  Highly recommend it.
"After much debate, and many nights cutting out massive amounts of letters and pictures for teaching, I decided to splurge and get the Cricut Expression 2 this summer.

Although I had seen other machines listed that were similar, I went with the name recognition of Cricut and thought it would be a blast! I was concerned with the need to purchse the cartridges, but I (foolishly) thought I could create designs using the Cricut Craft Room. Not an option, although I found this out while waiting for the machine to arrive via UPS.

Once the package arrived, the trouble began! I had a free hour or two to set it up and start cutting. I read all of the instructions, and was excited to get started. WRONG! The machine is listed as working with both PCs and Mac computers, however if you own a Mac you cannot initiate this machine to even begin using it.

I spent 5 + hours back and forth with Cricut customer service. While they were polite, they were pretty lost as to why I could not get the machine to work. In hindsight I find this unusual since there are messages all over the internet about the trouble people have getting this item to actual do what it should. Customer service insisted I find a PC to install all updates from before trying to connect to my home computer. Huh? I did as they asked, still encountering tremendous trouble on the PC (so I know it is not just a Mac issue). After another 1 1/2 hours of stress and trouble, I was able to successful install the latest drivers, etc.

So, it should work now as I attempt to go to their own online creative software, Cricut Craft Room, right? WRONG! After attempting numerous times to connect and use the online software, I tried to see if I could get the machine to cut on its own with one of the 800 preloaded designs. The TINY touch screen is a nightmare to maneuver through (I have many touch screen items and use them without trouble) and after calibrating 3 times, I cut one design out.

The paper tore and was sticking to the STINKY cutting mat. I say stinky because it reeked of moth balls or something pretty close. ICK! I was very careful and used the tool I purchased to remove the items, but it still was a mess. I seriously wanted to throw the machine out the window, but was able to clean it up and return for a refund where I purchased it. (Hooray)

Nightmare, from the minute I opened the box until the online site accepted the useless thing back. I am happy to say that my nightmare ended when I splurged a little more for the Silhouette Cameo. I will be leaving a review on that machine as well."
If your looking for creative expression I would not recommend a CRICUT.  ProvoCraft requires the exclusive use of their cutting cartridges...so your cuts will look just like everyone else's for $40 - $70 per cartridge that you'll use to do a couple of pages then it'll just collect dust.  The use of your own designs or other SVGs through programs like Make the Cut and Sure Cut's Alot ARE NO LONGER compatible with any ProvoCraft Cricut model.  Recommend spending a little extra on a cutter that allows creativity and save hundreds in the long run by not having to purchase the expensive Provocraft cartridges.
This thing is so cool. My beef with this is that it does not include a scraper or a spatula tool. You have to buy that a la carte. The pieces really stick to the mat otherwise. I think this is great and works for crafts but also for big bulletin board letters. No stencils and scissors! It's worth the money.
"Excellent product., exceeded all my expectations! So much you can do with it,,,not just scrapbooking. Make beautiful appliques with fabric, adorable specially in children's clothes, so well, worth the money,  I'm so glad I bought it."
"I love the cruicut!!!! Just be aware it can be a money pit unless your friends have them too so you can share cartridges. You will need to replace the sticky pads often (probably buy a 2 pack every other project at $11/pack). The cartridges only have one font or some shapes so you may need to buy a bunch to have a selection of things to make. They are about $20 (i think?) each. So if you have the money to blow and want a fun crafter, buy it. But if you are frugal (and smart) find a friend who owns one and just buy the sticky pads for $11 and craft away."
Love it my pink cricut!!! It came with everything that it said. Works great! Recomend to people that likes scrapbooking.
I like this machine however I am slightly annoyed by the mat you must use for the machine to cut out shapes.
I first used this product at a scrapbooking retreat. I have very limited supplies compared to the avid scrapbooker. I fell in love with this product & to date I only use for lettering. The time it saves from printing & cutting out yourself is so worth the price.
"I bought a Cricut Expression. It was described as ""USED, LIKE NEW"". It arrived withing a week but it didn't work at all. It was missing parts... Very dissapointed."
"My wife is an avid scrap-booker and card maker, so I got this for her for Christmas.  She uses it almost every day, and has made some very cool pieces with it.  Totally recommended for anyone with an artistic touch."
The crafts you can make with this are endless! I will use mine on a daily basis for everything from making invitations to a potty training chart! Absolutely love it!!
"Sorry have been slack in my review is great although when shipping to Australia would be good if we knew we had to get adaptor for power, but anyway is brilliant"
This is such a great deal for a Cricut.  Love all the capabilities of this machine. The Pink ribbon cartridge is great too.
Perfect! Bought this Cricut machine for my mother and she absolutely loves it ... I've even done some very cool stencils on this machine! Good price and shipped in perfect order! Thanks!
"I have an older 6"" model and it was great, but WOW this newer Expressions 2 Model is wonderful. I love that you can see the layout of what is going to be cut so that you can get the most out of your paper.

Other reviews said it was hard to use in some instances yet I have not found that to be so, maybe it is because others are expecting more from it that what it can do??

With its ability to lay out the mat we will be able to make vinyl letter signs for our Christian Book store, besides the many scrap book projects that I want to finish.

Well worth the 250 spent to purchase the Machine really can not find a reason to dislike that would be worth writing about."
love it does great job at cutting...i would get another one if i needed one...would recommend to anyone.. love all the different sizes you can do
"I was do excited to finally get a cricut !!!! When I went to use it for the 1st time my paper roils not load ...... I was reading the direction & I was not having any luck .... The next morning I contacted cricut & they said I would have to hook up to a computer & do an update ....... I had no such luck with the update , so I called back & they walked me thru the step again ..... No luck !!! Well they sent me a NEW pink cricut that same week .... The customer service was great, a live person every time & they were so great about my new toy !!! I am very happy with my purchase even tho I did have to call customer service, but they were great also !!! And I love my cricut !!!!"
"I ordered the Pink Expression from Amazon because it was a lot cheaper than my local craft stores and they offered free shipping. I also ordered the variety pack of adhesive vinyl (which is what I mostly use with my Cricut), a spatula, and a Cricut tool kit. I have been very happy with my Cricut and am always satisfied with products I order from Amazon. I've bought a few cartridges from craft stores (but only when they are in sale) and others I've bought from Amazon because they again beat the prices if the local craft stores. There are great youtube video tutorials to help you create different projects. If you love crafting or making personalized gifts for others, then you'll love this product!"
I am in love with the pink on my cricut.  It works awesome and i cannot wait to get a little creative
My wife loves it. Recommend this to anyone. She ha a great time using it and seems to find it easy to use
"My daughter helped me the first time I used it. Messed up my first sheet of lettering, because I should have used card stock, which is not really clear on instructions. Been having a great time combining Cricut cut outs, rubber stamping  & computer to print sayings onto cards before adding decorations."
The extra cartridges is the reason I chose this pink model over a reg. expression. The ribbon cartridge has some fabulous cuts!!
"I ordered this product and it arrived within a week. It was in excellent condition. I use it for scrapbooking. Now, having owned it for oer 6 months, I can honestly say that it was worth the money."
This product was exactly what I needed. It was an upgrade from the original circuit and allows me to cut out bigger designs. Perfect!
"Some setting are tricky to use and changing mat size is hard bit other than that I love it
It was a great gift"
Love it and we use this regularly. No mess and no problem using the product. Easy to use and instructions are easy to follow.
"It's great and does everything it says it does.  Quality throughout. The only thing that kinda stinks is I can't upload my own artwork. I'm stuck with what they 'let' you print, which in most cases is fine; but I'd you want to do something truly unique or custom you're screwed."
Recently made centerpieces for my niece's graduation party.  The Cricut Cutting machine made cutting multiple copies of the same item a breeze.  I'd recommend this product to my friends.
I accidentally dropped my old Expression during travel. I purchase the Expression with two cartridges (bundle). Great deal. Great product. The Expression is the best Cricut cutter.
"I had always wanted this machine but was always skeptical, but I am glad that I purchased it.  It does exactly what you program it to do.  Its fun and easy to operate."
"I have always wanted one of these and I finally was able to purchase one.  I am still learning how to maximize it's creating potential, but I am having a blast figuring it out.  I would recommend this to anyone!"
"I absolutely love this product. I purchased it to do decorations for gift bags table etc for my godchilds birthday. It was the best purchase I have made by far, and on Amazon because I searched high and low and they offered the best price, especially being a prime member! This is a must have for any crafter or scrapbook lover!"
Love the Cricut Expression! I need a machine that would cut vinyl for several projects and this is perfect. Love the cricut craft room design website.  I would definitely recommend for other crafters or scrapbookers.
"just love it  i can now do my own cards for all vents now i have show it around work  we don't have any think
 like this in New Zealand
and a big thank you"
My wife really likes this machine and the different abilities it has.  She has made several items from cards to doll clothes
"Great seller, fast shipping, item was new and works great.  Would buy from this seller again.  Great and fun item for kids and parents of kids for fun or school projects."
I have been thinking about purchasing a cricut machine for some time. Went to Jo Anne Fabric's and Michaels and than decided I would try Amazon. Amazon had the best price and when it arrived it was in excellent condition. Also really pleased with the tracking of the purchase. I highly recommend Amazon to anyone looking for the best price. Thank you
"Incredible tool to make cards, scrapbooking and more. It is very easy to use. I need a tutorial to know all secrets"
"I am not a high tech genius and was concerned about being able to figure this machine out....I DID! And, if I can, anyone can.
I LOVE, LOVE, LOVE it!

Happy Cutting,
Marcie"
"I do not know if I have always lucky and everything is going well ... Anyway, a month ago I made a purchase on this website and all excellent, and also have all super cheap. I bought an accessory and works perfectly,
 I'm lucky and everything is good!! Excelent!!
I invite you to visit the site! Excelent transaction !!!!  I'm lucky and everything is good!! Excelent!!"
There is no way to cut out your own pictures or logos. Images are limited to what you can buy on the company's website. Sad that you can cut out anything
"Great for scrap booking . Have used it a lot. Still learning, but trying a lot of different things. Grand kids also love it."
I love my new Cricut.  I've owned the small one for about 5 years and decided to try the Expression version. This one cuts much faster and is very easy to use.  The pink design on it makes it fun to look at.  I wish I had purchased this sooner.  ( :
"I returned this product to Amazon due to the following reasons:

After following directions more than five times for a firmware upgrade, it failed each time.
If your firmware did not upgrade you really can't use some of the online designs from Cricut.
I really want to like this product but the firmware upgrade just bugs the crap out of me."
"I was looking to upgrade my cricut, I had an original and was finding I wanted to be able to cut some larger items.  I assumed I would upgrade to the Expressions 2 but after reading a number of reviews on several sites, I decided it had some issues I didn't want to mess with.  So I got the pink expressons.  I love it.  It cuts beautifully.  I can flip, enlarge and set to length instead of height if I want.  It isn't any more noisy than my first machine.  Setting a smaller cutting size is so much easier than on my first machine.  Definitely would recommend this machine."
Don't know what happened with my first machine but it just quit working.  This second machine is working great and I love the Cricut.  The warranty is only good for a year so no getting one fixed but the machine is worth the price.
"Wonder deal!  Just wish it had different cartridges, since this is my second machine, and I already have the two basic cartridges."
I have had some difficulties in the past with previous CRICUT machines.  Am using this now and all seems to be going well and the cutting is much better than my previous one.  All cuts have been good and as per dialed.
I really love this cricut machine once I received I started using right away to make decorations for birthday party.
I had used one before that belonged to someone else and for the life of me i cannot figure out why i never got one before now. I do not use it as much as I would like to but when i really need it's there.
"I have owned a Cricut Personal & still own a Cricut Expression. The machine can & does cut, but you are very limited to what you can cut. I was one of the lucky ones who got in just under the wire & purchased Sure Cuts A Lot, which made the machine much better!  I loved being able to use any font off of my computer!!

When all of the lawsuits came about, I was extremely turned off by Provo Craft. This was definitely a bad decision as far as I'm concerned!  OK, I get that maybe by using SCAL, I wouldn't have bought any cartridges, BUT, I would still buy blades, mats & miscellaneous other accessories... But not anymore!  I have now switched to another machine & PC will not get any money from me again!  Also, not only have they banned 3rd party software, they've also quit updating their own software & it is now being discontinued!  The only option to design from a computer now is by using the Cricut Craftroom. I cannot comment on this because I've never tried it out, I personally don't like the concept. So, now, if I were to keep my Cricut & use Design Studio software, any new cartridges (from this month on) I bought would not be usable with the software!

Anyway, after getting tired of PCs tactics, I decided to look for something different. I purchased a Silhouette Cameo & love, love, love it!  Granted, it is not a stand-alone machine, it does have to be hooked up to a computer, but I do most of my crafting at my computer anyway & don't attend crops, so this isn't an issue for me. I now have the freedom to cut anything I can imagine & then some. Now Silhouette America will be getting my measly $10-$15 for mats & replacement blades & $0.99 for a file from their online store & apparently they're content with that... I know I am!

If you are in the market for an e-cutter, I STRONGLY recommend you at least look at your other options first. There are better ones out there with way more flexibility than the Cricut will ever have!"
"This is amazing!! If you are a crafter then this is a must. I have made birthday banners, baby shower banners, high chair banners, vinyl stickers, confetti, scrapbooking things. It is easy to use and was priced great."
"I purchased this machine for my daughter-in-law for Christmas, 2012.  She hasn't stopped using it since.  She absolutely loves it and has made some really amazing things with it so far.  It seems to be of great quality.  No problems at all to this point."
"Living in Australia I was shocked at the prices of Cricut Expression Machines, currently around $600.00 AUD, with a couple of online shops selling on special for around $400.00AUD but the postage is horrendous. I bought my Cricut from Amazon for $166.00AUD + $56.00AUD postage and I even received it at my door in 8 days!! I was amazed at the cheap price and especially the fast cheap postage to Australia. Cartridges here in Australia can be up to $96.00AUD but there are a couple of online craft shops that have good specials. All in all I am extremely pleased with my purchase of machine and cartridges - I bought about 9 and will continue to purchase from Amazon - the postage is brilliant. I have only had my Cricut for 3 days but I love how easy it is to use and I love the variety of the cartridges. I am an avid scrapbooker and card maker and I am amazed how all my cut outs turn out with clean cuts, and the layering function is magic it makes them all come alive. I would recommend it to anyone who wants ease of use, variety and beautiful, unique, handmade cards and scrapbook pages. Thank you Cricut & Amazon."
"I've found that this machine is great for scrapbooking, school projects and fun projects around the house and I would recommend it to anyone."
"Love the new bug.  Had an expression 1 and it got wore out.  This one is different but with some working with it, really liking some of the changes."
"Have wanted a cricut for so long and hubby kept telling me to wait as they would keep improving.  This deal came along and we both agreed - the wait was over.  For just one penny more I got the tool kit to go with it and since purchasing, have seen the prices on the tools and ONE PENNY was well worth it."
Great machine for the beginner scrapbooker.  Has all the necessary cuts for great scrapbook making.  would highly recommend this.  Easy to use.
"I don't really scrapbook. I might start after this, but making artsy layouts of personal photos (half of which were taken against my will) is just not how I would like to spend my time. I collect dolls, mostly Barbie, and I like to make little dioramas and backgrounds for them with various props and scrapbooking elements. (Yes, I'm one of *those* people.) I mostly wanted this for the Disney classics images and decided to get this to see if I liked it before I jumped into a&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Silhouette-Cameo-Starter-Kit-Bundle-Cutter/dp/B007R83VKE/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Silhouette Cameo Starter Kit Bundle Cutter</a>. Unless you are dead set on using specific licensed images, many of which are only available on the secondary market at inflated prices, you may just want to go straight to the Cameo instead.

Whoever tagged this as a throwback to printers and tech in the 1980s was spot on. The display and the cartridges make this thing look like some kind of dot matrix printer/Atari hybrid. A good systems analyst probably has all the parts to make one of these things stuffed somewhere up in his attic. They have a more advanced LCD touch screen on the Expression 2, but I read too many reviews citing screens spontaneously dying to risk it--especially with so many customer service horror stories.

I think this is meant for people who are not very computer-savvy. The promos and descriptions seem to emphasize its use as a stand-alone product. What gets me is that if you can keep track of what you've printed and where it's going to go on the mat, you should be able to figure out the Cricut Craft Room software. I suppose the up side of this is that if you're taking it with you, you wouldn't necessarily have to lug around your laptop as well. However I bet I could run the whole kit & caboodle on a tablet or a Dell Mini 9 with little or no hacking, maybe even wirelessly.

That said, the more they overtake the plumbing, the easier it is to stop up the drain. I tried using it without the computer, but it was slow and it still doesn't make efficient use of paper. I'm comfortable enough with computers and have no plans to start schlepping this machine all over the place for show and tell, so I'm using a Windows 7 PC. Craft Room software (available from the website) will be a breeze for most people to learn, even those not technically inclined. To me, having the layout in front of me on screen is much easier than trying to remember what I've input into the keypad, which shape is where, or what color I should load next.

Draconian DRM: I knew about this going in, and it's been discussed already in other reviews, but it bears mentioning again. Not only can you not unlink cartridges, but you can't import your own images. I see where this has already ticked off a lot of business owners who bought one of these to make their own logos and signs. When I've gotten tired of the same Disney images and generic shapes that everyone else has, and chasing after retired cartridges in the hundreds of dollars, a different machine and parting of ways seems inevitable.

The secondary market on some of the retired cartridges is kind of puzzling. I can understand this when there is absolutely no other way to get an image set you want, but Cricut sells digital versions of some of their retired cartridges at a fraction of what linked and non-linked physical cartridges go for on auction sites. When you buy a digital copy instead of a cartridge, you're tethered to a computer and you must have an internet connection. None of that bothers me, but I guess it bothers the people who want to use this computer-free, or who aren't comfortable with purchasing digital files. Even brand new, cartridges are heinously expensive. I expect to pay more for Disney, Hello Kitty and other licensed images, but for generic stuff they scanned out of a Dover catalog, they should not be gouging people like that.

Like other bugs, some Cricuts just need to be stomped. Just opening the box, it was easy to understand why some people hate this company so much. They included a power cord, and that was about it, besides a couple of cartridges that no one wants anyway. There are instructions too, but I don't know how they expect technically challenged people to be able to figure it out. They skimped on everything else, and I do mean everything. They didn't even include a cable for the computer, and that ought to come standard. I mean, I didn't expect wireless, but that's inexcusable whether they're pushing this on the computer-impaired or not.

If you already do a lot of scrapbooking and paper projects, chances are you already have extra tools to get started. If not, and if you get nothing else, get a paper cutter and a spatula. The spatula helps you get paper off the cutting mat. A paper cutter is useful for splitting sheets into halves so that you don't have to cut an entire sheet at once.

Because all I had was a pair of scissors, and because I saved so much by getting an Amazon Warehouse Deal, I got a&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Cricut-Essentials-Kit/dp/B000NTBNEA/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Cricut Essentials Kit</a>. This kit is overpriced and should have been included with the Cricut. The box set of tools kind of resembles a medieval torture kit and I'm not sure how to use some of them. I have to wonder if they took them from a dentist's office. I didn't realize the 6x12 mats were not for use with the Expression, and the 6x12 paper included in the kit is lackluster to say the least. A lot of paper crafters will find it redundant and probably already have better quality stuff. I am going to take a thorough look at all of it, but I have a feeling that I may send it back in favor of buying better tools or just getting individual pieces. Get the machine with the starter tool kit bundle if you really want to make cuts the minute you de-box it.

A couple of extra 12x12 mats will come in handy for getting more paper ready to go while one sheet is cutting, but I don't think I would get any more than 2 spares. They try to DRM you with these mats, too. If you use spray adhesive on them to get more use out of them, it voids the warranty. (Apparently just owning the Cricut voids the warranty.) Well, according to a lot of what I've read here, they don't stand behind their warranty anyway, so what's stopping you? I say once you've passed the 30 day return window with Amazon, if you're loving it, get a can of spray adhesive and cut those shapes till the blues go away. You'll spend enough money on replacement blades without sending these mats to the landfill every single time.

I guess the big question is, does it cut? Yes it does, and it does it well. I got great shapes on my first try on scrap paper, and I was quickly making shapes to keep. This is the sharp, precise stuff you would expect to find in a package of cutouts at the store. I will probably have all the Disney classics shapes that I want and few resources to keep buying cartridges for other things. In a few days, I'm going to be bored, and it appears that Cricut likes it that way.

Through litigation with extreme prejudice, Cricut has managed to crush third party software that allows you to make your own images or use anything that you didn't buy from Cricut. They can forget about cottage industries that would have made crafters happy and ultimately contributed to their own bottom line. Rude responses, stupid answers and avoiding warranty obligations are all over the place, and there are too many of the same kinds of complaints for it not to have some basis in fact. They want you to use all of their products, but they take none of the responsibility when something goes wrong. I keep seeing rumors of imminent bankruptcy, and it's not hard to believe.

Finally, I bought this as an Amazon Warehouse deal. The description said that the outer package might have some damage. It looked to me like the original Cricut seal had been broken, but everything inside had remained untouched. It worked just fine and you can return it within 30 days. Amazon is a 5 star retailer-- it's such a shame that this product is not.

Overall, I am happy with what I set out to do, but it leaves me wanting too much more. I cannot recommend this machine in good conscience. Unless you have your heart set on images you can't get anywhere else, do not buy this machine. Check out the Cameo, and if you do buy this, know what you are getting into. They don't back the quality of their work and they have business practices that would make Bernie Madoff blush with shame. They should call this machine the Suck Cut, because it sucks as it cuts--- mostly from your wallet, but especially from your creative spirit."
"I love the machine, only the cartridge that came gift essencial never worked, not who I contact to replace qeu, p odrian help me?
thanks. LILLIAN CRUZ"
"It has taken me awhile to learn to use it since I have never had a cricut before, and I continue to learn something new everyday, but this machine is amazing. I am so glad that I am finally able to say ""I am a cricut owner!!'

After researching all types of cutting machines, and who had the best deal, Amazon was at the top! They had the best price and best bundle that money could buy. Fast delivery as well :)"
"this is the best buy I have ever done. the cutter works just perfect and the Cricut Craft Room software makes it even better, easier and fun to use.
if you are thinking in buying one, just do it."
"I bit the bullet and bought my wife one of these from Michaels a couple of Christmases ago. I had my doubts about the Cricut's 1980s approach. For those who are latecomers to personal computers, back in the 1980s and early 90s printers required typefaces to be purchased as separate cartridges and plugged into the unit. Over time PCs grew up to use True Type fonts installed on the computer instead of swapping out cartridge fonts.

The Cricut revives this outdated technology. You know how cheap printers are loss leaders to sell expensive ink? You can't really say that the cutting device serves as a loss leader to move units of cartridges as the company's real business; at a couple hundred bucks the Cricut is hardly a loss leader.

The proprietary business model forces the scrapbooker to buy and collect cartridges. The major annoyance is that this gets pricey. Many of the cartridges my wife wanted came and went before she got the Cricut so if she wanted to scrapbook the Disneyland trip she'd have to buy the cartridges off eBay at whatever the going premium was. Occasionally she'd get a lemon that didn't work. This entire process should be entirely unnecessary. The minor annoyance is that cartridges lend themselves to unnecessary clutter.

The Cricut Expressions software worked on the old Windows Vista machine but I'm concerned that our move to Windows 8 could prove to be problematic. In searching for a solution the company's primitive support interface and search engine turned up an array of seemingly irrelevant results but I found a blog that provides a workaround for making some of the Cricut software work on the newer platform. (One of the other search results noted that Provocraft is now owned by Bank of America. Who knew?)

Creative spirits are not by nature Stepford consumers. If I had to do it over again I would have bought my wife the&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Silhouette-Cameo-Starter-Kit-Bundle-Cutter/dp/B007R83VKE/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Silhouette Cameo Starter Kit Bundle Cutter</a>. Reportedly it works well with third party software that allows you to use True Type fonts you already own such as&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/SCAL-Sure-Cuts-A-Lot/dp/B008P3XF6A/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">SCAL (Sure Cuts A Lot)</a>&nbsp;and Make-The-Cut (available through their own website)."
My wife and daughter have a great time creating all kinds of crafts with their Cricut expression. We like the it works with or without a PC.
"I purchased this machine after considerable research on March 14. It arrived shortly thereafter and I was excited to use it.  I had already read the manual online in anticipation, as well as watched the online videos.  I purchased the Critters 2 cartridge in addition to the 3 that came with the machine, plus the separate spatula tool and another set of tools.

When the machine got here, it was easy to set up. However, it didn't cut through the paper despite my setting it as recommended. I made adjustments and then it would drag through the paper and it would bunch up & tear.  After more adjustments it would sort of cut through it, but no way would it do intricate cuts. Overall, it didn't live up to the hype.

Next I tried connecting it to the Cricut CraftRoom. Before I could do that, I had to figure out how -- there literally was NO explanation on how to do this, and ProvoCraft neglects to tell you that you must purchase a separate USB printer cable (I used the one from my printer and then purchased an additional one for about $20).  After I had hooked up the machine to my computer, CraftRoom loaded and displayed a message that I needed to update the firmware.  I performed the steps it told me to, and then was informed that the update failed. I tried this several more times and gave up.

In the morning, I called ProvoCraft to seek help with the firmware update issue. I was told I had to first update in an antiquated program called Design Studio that apparently only worked on a PC (I have a Mac).  Since my Mac was running Windows via the Parallels program, I downloaded the older software and ran it, but it did not find the Cricut machine.  The customer service rep I was talking to said I just needed to use a PC and maybe I could borrow one from someone.  When I told the rep about the cutting issues I was having, she said that the firmware update should solve them (so this wasn't an issue where I would just not use the Craft Room -- I really did need the update or else it would really compromise the ability of the machine to cut successfully).

My next step was to use an old work PC with Windows to download and install DesignStudio.  This took several hours.  Once installed and hooked up, I attempted to run the update per the instructions I had been given.  Again, I got the failure message. I had to call ProvoCraft back again. I was told that they were busy and a service tech would call me in the next day or two and I could basically make an appointment. So, I made an appointment for 10am the next morning.

The next morning, 10am came and went and no one called me.  The following day, I received a call in the middle of the day from a service tech who said they were very busy (maybe due to all the defective machines!) and he determined that my machine was probably just a lemon. He sent me instructions for disabling it -- basically cutting the band that moves the blade or something -- and said as soon as I emailed him a picture of the disabled machine they would send a new one out. It was a Friday morning and he said I should have a new machine the following week provided I sent the picture that day.  They did not have a pink machine like I ordered and would just send me a plain gray and cream one.

Grudgingly (as this was sad given how excited I was about the original machine), I cut apart the pink Cricut and sent him the email about 1/2 hour after the call (still early in SLC but on the East Coast it was around 3pm).  I received no confirmation but figured I'd get one that day. No such luck.

The next week I checked email each day and the mail each day and there was no sign of a replacement Cricut.  I sent a follow-up email to the service tech I spoke with asking for some kind of confirmation or status update or tracking number. I received no response.

Finally, on Friday afternoon, I called Cricut Customer service again and was on hold for about 20 minutes before getting through.  I explained my situation to the person who answered and she was able to locate my tracking number. If all goes well, I will get a replacement machine in another week.  I asked if the 1-year warranty would start over given this will be a different machine and she said no. I explained I was never able to even use the machine I purchased on the 14th successfully because of all the problems, and had considerable delays reaching customer service and working through the issues. I was told that the warranty starts on the date of purchase regardless.

So, to sum up, I have *tried* to use this machine, but at this rate it will have been about a month after purchase before I have a machine I can actually use (if I'm lucky!), and I'll be hoping that the replacement gray/cream machine works.  I was told I will need to go through the whole antiquated updating process all over again to get it to work with the Craft Room, so I'm a bit apprehensive at this point.  I don't know if all the pink machines have issues or if I was just unlucky,.  I was going to try the Expression 2 originally, but the reviews were so bad I didn't dare (and the cost was more, anyway).

I may update this review with experience on the replacement machine if there is interest, but at this point, I couldn't possibly recommend the Cricut Expression.  On the positive, the seller was quick to ship, the item was packaged well, and theoretically, Provo Craft will eventually solve the issue (except with regard to the warranty).  I think they know these machines are kind of crappy in terms of how they're built, which is why they found it cheaper/easier to replace mine and have me destroy it rather than send it back, plus they are very clear and unwavering about making the warranty start at the time of purchase, not at the time you receive the machine or receive a replacement machine. So - buyer beware!!"
A great purchase of a product that is so versatile. It is a must have for all scrappers. Love it
I am a huge scrapper and was so excited to buy this product.  It was terrible.  I ended up getting rid of it because there was one problem after another with it.  I had used other Cricut's but this one was not what I expected. Since then I have not recommended to anyone to buy a Cricut.
"I really like it.  I haven't had time to explore all I can do with it yet, but expect it to be fun to use."
"I love my cricut! I'm not a huge scrapbooker but I have three children and its been fantastic for science fair and school projects. I've used it to make birthday signs and gift bags. It works wonderful for what I need it for. I did notice it had a hard time with very small letters, it kept ripping them. I haven't had a chance to practice on adjusting the blade or really playing with all the features. I'm very happy with it!"
"This machine is great when it works properly.  I have been using the Cricut Expression for 3 years. This was a replacement for my 1st machine.  The EXPRESSION is much more user friendly than the new EXPRESSION 2 model ... which I tried and had to return due to distortion of cuts.  I went back to the EXPRESSION. BUT be sure to test it out thoroughly .... many times without turning off ... before the 30 day return period expires.  This is the second replacement with same issue ... blade drags when repositioning and cuts over previously cut images.  Amazon gave EXCELLENT customer service for returning/replacing.

Update:  REALLY TRY THEM OUT WHEN YOU GET IT ... don't wait past the 30 day return period.  I have since had to return 2 more of the original expression.  Again, they were easy to return through Amazon but I gave up on trying another Expression and am back to trying the Expression 2"
"I got the cricut to make invitations for my daughter's birthday party and have found so many uses for it! I've monogrammed so many things as gifts.  It's so easy to use that I was cutting within minutes.  I haven't used the online programs yet, but I'm sure they are great too.  I hate that the cartridges are on the expensive side,  but they are well worth it.  I would definitely recommend this to anyone!"
"I have had my cricut expression for 3-4 years and I loved it for scrapbooking.  I have recently been searching for replacement parts for my cricut due to my sizing wheel wasn't functioning anymore, however once I contacted the service department for the machine I was sadly informed that if an item made from cricut company malfunctions or breaks there is nothing they can do for you.  They pretty much said I was out of luck and I was very unhappy. I spent that much money on this machine and to be told its junk now!  So needless to say the only way u can replace these items are to buy a used one for parts which can cost anywhere from 50.00 - 100.00!  Won't be investing any money into this machine and will definately do more research on the item I plan to buy next.  Good luck."
"I would recommend this product to anyone who loves crafts, and wants a good cut.  Thank you and have a nice day"
I would love this better if I had know before I purchased it  that I could not use the Sir Cuts program any longer.
I love the Cricut but haven't explored it completely.  Am anxious to really get started with it.  What I have done with it so far has been fun.  Time is my culprit but I plan on using much more.  I belong to a card club and we all have projects involving the Cricut.
"This is an amazing machine.  For me it took a lot of practice before I got the hang of sizing, etc.  I like the downloaded ""cartridges"" better than the regular ones.  I'm disappointed that the mats lose their tackiness so quickly.  There must be a way to restore them or the cost of replacements will determine how much use I get out of the machine.  The cartridges seem a bit pricey, but some downloads do come with a discount."
"I really loved the cricut machine for it's precise cutting ability, I did not give it a 5 star because I ended up returning it.  This is not provocraft's fault, I should have done more research before purchasing.  The company no longer lets the machine work with 3rd party software that lets you use your own font and images.  I thought that I could.  I simply could not afford to keep buying $20-$30 cartridges every time I wanted a new font or 1 or 2 specific images.  I was sad to return it, but the added expense of all the accessories needed to make the machine work ruined it for me."
I bought this for my wife to help keep her creative habits alive and kicking and she uses it for everything. It was a great purchase and the fact that lots of the accessories can be found on Amazon makes the a great device.
The machine Arrived within a week and is easy to use with very clear instructions. I'm delighted. All I need now is a spare month to play with it
"I was dissapointed that the company has made it impossible for you to use their product with anything other than their own overpriced cartridges.  I returned the one I purchase and bought a very similar item from another manufacturer with a less greedy business model.  I did use the machine once after I bought it and it did fine, So if you want to be restricted in your creativity by the availability and price of the cricut carts, buy this.  I have told cricut and now I am sharing with all of you that I would not support this company unless they change their policy."
I have the small Cricut machine that I have used for years. The larger Cricut Expression is great for full size images to make my scrapbook pages really good and so easy to use. Thanks Cricut for making my scrapbooks go from boring to great!.
"After much research and price comparing, I ordered this at a price I thought was darn good.  The very next day, it came on sale, $12.49 cheaper. I called Amazons Customer Service and received a credit. When the machine came, I set it up and found the size button to be broken. It just spun round and round and no matter what, I got 3"" letters ! I called Amazon and a new machine was sent out immediately. It arrived 2 days later and it is fine. Thank you Amazon for your speedy response and service !"
"The Cricut Expression Electronic Cutting Machine from what I've seen so far does what it says, I've only had it a couple of weeks and haven't had a chance to spend a lot of time with it yet but am hoping to soon!"
I just got this and have only had time to mess with it a little bit. So far so good! Seems pretty simple to use! I think I will have a lot of fun with it!
"I finally broke down and bought my own Cricut Expression after borrowing the one my church owns and I'm so glad I finally did it.  Amazon shipped it very quickly and I had it within 2 business days after ordering it (used Prime), and it was in great condition when I received it.  THE ONLY THING IS... I was super frustrated with the machine the first time I used it because it wouldn't cut the paper properly! It wouldn't even give a clean cut on basic computer paper (and yes, I know how to use a Cricut I've used one before).  I was so upset because I had been so excited to use it.  I thought the blade that they sent me to use might already be dull, so I called Cricut Customer Service about the problem. They told me that this happens all the time when you first receive a Cricut, they said the problem was with the blade holder (not the blade itself).  They also said they would send me a new one for free, but I had to wait 10 business days to receive it.  Not wanting to wait, I went to Michaels and bought one so I could finally use my Cricut.  The one I bought works perfectly, and it even works perfectly with the original blade they had sent me (which tells me that the problem I was having was not because the blade was dull, it was because the blade holder that Cricut sent me did not work properly). To make a long story short, I would suggest either purchasing an extra Cricut blade holder from Amazon or from your local craft store along with purchasing your Cricut so that you don't run into the same problem I had.  I'm thinking that the blade holder that comes with the Cricut machine is not very good quality, so you may need an extra one. Other than this setback, I LOVE LOVE LOVE my Cricut and would recommend it to everyone looking to purchase a die-cut machine!"
I love this machine. I have found it easy to use. The only problem I have is that I have to disconnect it from the laptop each time or it loses connection. Easy enough to do. I would highly recommend this machine.
"She loves it! My Mom was crafty before, now she is SUPER crafty. Go Mom Go! This lady makes almost pure professional looking cards for the whole family!"
"I love this machine! I am not sure what I would do without it! I make cards, gift tags and banners with this machine! Worth the money!"
"I have the original personal Cricut and it was wonderful, but the Expression is excellent!  It was delivered to my home in three days."
"Bought this to do 1 thing. Cut out my own logos and pictures. After setting it up and downloading the software, I found out you can NOT use your own images. You must buy Cricuts images at $40.00 a cart. You can not get any thrid party software to use with a Cricut. The greedy company is sueing anyone who made software that worked with their machines.
So, if you want to cut out any images you have forget about a Cricut. I feel this was a very bad idea on the greedy CEOs part. I you spent $300.00 on a product to be creative you should be able to use you own ideas and designs. Not just some crap the company thinks up."
the machin is broken in one pieze.  What can i do for replece or change de machine. is so importan to my.
"I got this for my wife and she hasn't put it down. The possibilities are endless. She loves this make and model over many of the others you can find. Apparently, this one has the attachments and extra cartridges that any crafter needs. The instructions were simple and it was basically ready to go out of the box. She has used this for about 4 months now and still loves it! We recommend this one to everyone who loves crafting and DIY gifts."
"I returned this. I had done quite a bit of research on cutting machines, but when I realized that you cannot print your own images and you have to pay $25+ for each cartridge it just wasn't worth it. I bough a silhouette cameo instead. It is a bit more expensive, but no additional cartridges required to purchase!

I haven't received my refund yet, so I can't comment on their returns process."
"I was able to use it (although on a simple scale) right out of the box, thanks to the quickie how-to guide.  I have not had a chance to really put it through it's paces, yet, but I was very happy with the product and the shipping.  it was not broken and there were not missing parts. The demo software it came with had more than enough things to use to get me started."
great machine i love it. I have a larger variety of sizes to cut now.highly recommend it. a great purchase
"Love this little machine; would not recommend this for someone who is just 'dallying' in crafts because of the cost, but if you are
into your craft or business seriously, this will save you time when having to produce embellishments.  Easy to operate and does not take up a lot of room."
"Got this for a Christmas present for my SIL as she's been drooling over mine for a few years.  Gotta say....I am jealous of the pretty pink!

She LOVES her cricut!"
this unit will not accept external input from computer must just be for crafters but useless to make you own designs
Wife loves it.  Her friends love it!  Well worth the money.  Easy to use.  12 by 12 platform.  Must have.
Great gift for my daughter in law.  She loves it.  The instructional CD was missing in the box though.  Good service and quick delivery.
I like this prodcut I have been making new craft projects with it. I have even gone back and updated some of my scrapbook pages because of this product.
"This is a fantastic machine that is so easy to use, and can be used in many different crafts and projects. I bought mine for scrap booking purposes."
My daughter in law loves it.  She is anxious to begin using it in her classroom to help with decorating bulletin boards.
"Bought  in Dec 2012 for Christmas, $199 with free shipping from Amazon. My wife is a Pre-School Teacher & uses it often, after 1 month it's working great. Good directions make it easy to set-up & use out of the box, cartridges are a bit expensive. The Cricut on line store is less expensive if you are computer savy."
"The Cricut Expression 2 Starter Tool Kit Bundle has everything you need to get you started right away, and it was really easy to use. I recommend this product to anyone, especially my friends and family."
I purchased this as a Christmas gift for my wife which is a school teacher and she fell in love with it! It's truly amazing
"Excuse me if this review pops up twice! I have wanted a Cricut Expression for awhile, but kept thinking it was too expensive. When I saw it on Amazon with 3 cartridges ( the cartridges are $20 to $75 depending on where you buy them, and which ones you want). I estimate the value of these cartridges to be $100). I love this machine! I wish I had bought it years ago! The projects I could only imagine are now a reality. I am not limited by how far in a punch will go onto paper, by intricate hand cutting, or by the unvariable size of a die cut plate, like a detailed picket fence and tiny flowers, this machine will do it. I used to pay $5 for pre-cut stickers and other embellishments, but now I make my own and in what size I prefer. I have crafted for 30 years and the Cricut helped take me to another level. The machine may seem complicated, but it is not. If you are concerned, go to YouTube and search for how to use the Cricut Expression. There are hundreds of videos with not only instruction, but also tutorials for scrapbooking, card making, and altered books, mini-albums, wall decor, and more, all you make using this machine. I had considered the smaller Cricut, but this is a far more versatile choice, and cuts 12 x 12 paper. Even if you think you won't need it, you WILL. I have paid for this machine in 4 months of use, saving on those expensive embellishments, and rub on sentiments, this cuts out letters and sentiments which vary by which cartridge you have. I use the Cricut gel pens and markers to have it write the sentiments, again in what ever size you desire. I find that Amazon and ebay have the best prices on cartridges, but if you get this bundle, you are set for awhile. If you are on a budget, I recommend just one more cartridge, ""Artiste"" which is expensive, but it takes the place of many others and turns out to be cheap in the long run. So in closing, this machine cuts, writes( markers and pens sold separately),paper, cardboard, vinyl and chipboard (you may need a deep cut blade and housing) and other material. You can even make clear stamps with the Cricut stamp kit. As I said before, get online and search the Cricut website and better yet, do an internet search for ""cricut videos"" and that is all the instruction and information you need. Some scrapbook sites like Splitcoast Stampers have discussion blogs and tutorials too. I almost forgot - you can connect your machine at the Cricut.com site, and they have a ""craft room"" where you can design and purchase specific images! I have not tried this yet, but have seen YouTube videos.  Have fun!"
"Works just great for me like it was suppose to haven't had any trouble wit it at all  ( as long as I stay out of her way LOL
All jokes aside it is a fine machine no problems easy to learn how to operate"
"I purchased the Cricut Expression from Amazon as a Christmas present for my fiance.  She's an art teacher, so I figured she'd be able to use this machine to cut out templates and designs for her students.  I quickly found out that you CANNOT cut your own designs with this machine!  I can't believe that Provocraft would put such a ridiculous bottleneck on something that could be really great!  I'm furious, and returning this product for something that truly does what it should.  It's like having a printer that only prints pre-made writing programmed on a cartridge.  Unbelievable!"
"I am pleased with my purchase, but my mat was all rolled up in the box, not sure ill ever get it straightened out...which makes me sad because I probably won't get to use it!"
"I have been scrapping for about 3 years. I have been using other people's cricut when we get together for our scrapping weekends. Now I have one of my own and I love it. For birthdays and Christmas, when my kids ask me what do you want, I will let them know either a gift certificate or I'll give them a title of Cricut cartridge I want."
"I purchased this cricut for my wife in May of 2011.  it worked great for a bout a year and then I had to start resetting it every other time she used it.  eventually it got to the point where it wouldn't cut anymore.  I just scored the paper.  It didn't matter the thickness of the paper.  We even tried regular printer paper and it couldn't cut through it.  We changed out the blade several times and even tried the deep cutting blade and housing.  No luck.  After doing some research I read that you could try updating the firmware.  So I downloading the design studio software and followed the instructions for updating.  Now the cricut won't do anything but go into update mode.  At least before I could apply pressure with my finger and get it to cut.  But now I have an expensive night light.  I will be contacting Provocraft directly next so I can at least say I tried.

If you're considering this cutter, do some research.  There are more people angry with this product and PC than are happy.  I wish I had spent the extra $100 on the silhouette that lets you use custom designs.

Do not buy this product!"
"Easy to use, love the 12 x 12 feature.  The projects that can be done with this cutting machine is endless."
I have another cricuit but this one can do a lot more once you get the hang of it. Like being able to cut larger images.  A little different than my other cricuit so did take some getting used to but really like it now.
I love my new Cricut.  It was a great buy and I am sure I will be getting a lot of use out of it.  Haven't had a chance yet to use it much yet but what I have done I am really impessed.
Nice product! The wife loves it! Does everything she  wanted it to do and more. Starter kit is a bonus to come with it ext mat any tools.
This was given as a Christmas gift. He wanted it for his school work and uses it all the time.
"I started with a Cricut Personal machine a quickly learned that I wanted to be able to cut larger images. I LOVE this machine! You can cut intricate detail and images up to 12x24"". The variety of cartridges is amazing. The machine is reliable & supplies are easy to get. I make scrapbooks with teenagers and the machine is easy for them to use (with adult supervision of course.)"
It was all we could expect! We would recommend this product to a friend. It is worth the money if you have it.
I love my new Cricut Expression Die cut machine.  I will purchase this product again.  This item met my expectations.
This was purchased for my wife as a Christmas present and she loves it. Her only complaint is that it is louder than she thought it would be.
The first one they sent me did not work but when I called Amazon took care of me right away. They over nighted me a new one right away and it was fine. They gave me a return label to return the broken one which was great so I didn't have to pay shipping. All and all they have given me great service and I am very happy with my Cricut Expression Cutting Machine.
"I use this thing all the time. For just about any project you can think of, from wall decals (buy vinyl sheets or rolls) to garage sale signs."
I really like my new cricut expression 2 and all the preloaded cartridges. I had the original cricut and the expression 2 I feel I will be able to create more scrapbook pages.
"Came in with no problems, works great and learning a lot about designing scrapbook pages for all the fun trips we have been on!"
"Wife loves it, works perfect as it is advertised, would recommend it for any one who asked me to. Good."
"This is my first Cricut and I love it.  I opened it up and was able to use it right off.  I had one little glitch in that the next day the power supply would not work, but I called Provav Craft directly and they replaced it immediately with no pproblems at all.  I just received a bunch of cartridges for Xmas and am anxious to try them out."
"This was bought for my daughter-in-law that is a teacher.  Although I really don't know anything about the product she absolutely loves it!  Product arrived quickly and was in good condition,"
"Love the product but, disappointed that cricut points were not included with the machine or the cartridges my friend bought one for the same price at a local store and points were included"
Just what my wife wanted she is very happy with it therego I am very happy with it and it came very fast faster than i expected
The Circuit Expression Electronic Cutting machine did not come with the Plantin Schoo;book Cartridge.. It did not state that it was omitted.
This was my first cricut and after getting the hang of it it's really upped my hosting abilities! Love it!
"I have a lot to learn, but so far it's been fun. There are so many possibilities for using this machine and there is good support on cricut.com. I am also ging to watch videos about the Expressions machine on youtube.com."
"My boyfriend purchased this for my birthday and the price wa great-half off what it normally is. It came with two starter cartridges, a mat, and an extra blade. it does not come with a spatula tool (which I recommend). I am using it mostly to cut vinyl but I have made some gift bags, gift tags, and I made all my own XMAS card envelopes this year. I truly LOVE this machine,."
"My Wife spends a lot of time in our kids classrooms at School, she loves to spend time coming up with new ideas for projects for the kids. The Cricut will work great for Her and her crafting."
Just what I wanted at a good price. Already used it and runs just fine. Like the variety of items you can make with it. Much more versatile than the original Cricut.
Brand new as stated and received very quickly.  I am very satisfied with the Cricut Expression Electronic Cutting Machine. Love it.
This has been my favorite buy in many years. I used it for daycare projects as well a scrap booking.
"There are several reasons why I rated this a 4. First, the cost involved. If the machine was cheaper.
Product came as described with all of the extras inside of the box. This will be a Christmas gift for my mom that is a teacher so we will see how well it works"
I bought it as a gift that has earned me many brownie points. I have not used this product but have seen all its uses and recommend it for scrapbooking.
"Was a gift to my brother, but when he opened it, it was clearly used, not new.  They were nice about replacing the product, but it  was a hassle to deal with, period."
"I loved my Create, but really I like the Expression. You have more options for creating larger words, pictures, etc.."
"I received my Cricut Expression three days ago and I have already made several projects. I held off buying one of these cutting machines, because I didn't feel like I would use it enough. Boy was I wrong. I have found this machine to be easy to use, especially with the software downloaded to my computer. I do have to work in the computer room instead of my craft room, but it is so easy to type my letters into the software, press cut and away we go. It is a real treat and I am having a great time using the Cricut Expression for my Christmas projects."
I chose this machine over the expression 2 because the reviews were terrible for the 2.  So far I haven't had any problems the the paper loading or the blade.  I recommend getting the spatula tool to lift the paper off the sticky mat.  It is worth it!
"I made the mistake of buying this before Provocraft sued the software companies whose products made it possible for you to cut ANYTHING you could create in a computer (fonts, line art) via an application and a USB connection.  They didn't like the idea that we could have the freedom to cut anything we created, and decided we would be limited to ONLY their cartridges and THEIR design ideas, at about $40 apiece (and again, NOT our designs).  Cricut is the only cutting machine that has bullied these companies into making their machine incompatible.  SO...if you don't mind paying $40 every time you want to try a new design, AND....you don't mind not being able to use your thousands of TrueType fonts and line art graphics instead of one font per cartridge, the machine cuts well.  And hey...contact me, I may know of one that will be listed here soon LOL.

PROs: Cuts.

CONs: No creative freedom, locked in to Provocraft's cartridge racket at $40+ a pop."
Product came as described with all of the extras inside of the box.  This will be a Christmas gift for my wife so we will see how well it works in a few weeks.
Have the first (smaller) one.  Love them both but the flexibility of having the larger size is great.  Options are far more flexible than previous machines.  Love it
"this is my first Cricut, so I can't compare it to the other machines.  I will say, I do love the E2 and wish I had bought it sooner.  However, this was a great price ($199) for the E2 and it came with extras.  I have read some negative reviews about using the Cricut-Craft-Room (an on-line program that allows you to work with the designs).  Cricut recommended I do a CricutSync once a month, but I also notice the connect from my E2 to my laptop is not as snug as it could be.  So, I make sure to prop something against the cable to ensure the connection is stable.  Seems to workout fine.  I am happy with my purchase."
This is product is worthless spend you money else where! I bought it to print my logo in vinyl for my store just to find out that it will not let me use my own graphics. I want to know who is the moron that thought up this stupid idea! Worst product ever I feel robbed!
"They sued companies to limit and lock the buyers to designs by Cricut or the owner. This happened in 2010. I made the mistake of buying a Cricut, and will sell it for used. It limits you, and ""commoditizes"" you ARTIFICIALLY solely to maximize their chances of forcing more cartridges on you. There are way to create your own designs, but no way to leverage the millions of SVGs and things already on the web. The shapes are limited to what you draw, or buy from Provo."
"This machine is great! I have the original machine as well, but this one can do multiple cuts for school.
Mats last for a long time; you can extend their life by using light tack spray on adhesive. My girls use it all the time and it is their favorite playdate activity."
"I'm a new crafter, I didn't think I needed this machine. When I saw what it could do I had to have one. I love pink and I found one on Amazon. I am in love with my machine and its pink. My machine works great and it didn't take long to receive. Thanks amazon."
"The cricut works well with the cartridges but that is all. I had wanted to cut out my own designs from Adobe Illustrator files I created myself but that is not possible. In fact, Provo Craft has successfully sued the makers of third party software that would help creative individuals cut their own designs. It is incredibly frustrating that this company chose to limit what paying customers can do with their products rather than simply becoming better innovators.

If you want your only limit to be your imagination, this is not the machine for you. If you are ok purchasing more and more proprietary cartridges and only working with the creations of others, then yes, buy the Cricut.

(FYI I'm on a Mac and their Cricut Craft Room does not work at all well with OS 10.7. I've also read their desktop software is not at all compatible with Mac's.)"
"I used to own this machine and tons of cartridges. When I was no longer able to purchase cartridges due to budget constraints (Cricut cartridges are rediculously expensive), I wanted to purchase the Sure Cuts Alot program which is a third party cutting program that allows you to cut out any true type font and images you find on the internet. When I went online to shop for the program, I discoverd that Provo Crafts attorneys filed suit against the makers of SCAL and the Makes the Cut programs and now, those programs can no longer be used on the cricut. People who have purchased the cutting programs years ago can no longer update them and if they do, they can no longer use the program. I was irate about this. I immediately listed my cricut machine and all of my cartridges on ebay and sold it. I stumbled upon the sizzix eclips machine on the sizzix website. Sizzix even sells the machine bundled with the SCAL program! You can also purchase the machine by itself. It comes with one cartridge, cutting mat and blade and other stuff as well. It is identical to the cricut machine and they even sell it bundled with the SCAL program. Their cartridges are way cheaper than the cricut cartridges and they seem to have twice as many images on them. Tim Holtz even has his own line of cartridges for the eclips machine. Sizzix also offers a payment plan where you can spread out the cost of the machine over three months. The cutting mats and replacement blades I think are cheaper than cricut to. The only thing is, I have never seen this machine or its cartridges at Joanns or Michaels. I just purchased the eclips machine the other day, I can't wait for it to arrive. If you're in the market for an electric die cutting machine to use with SCAL or Makes the Cut, stay away from cricut. The sizzix eclips machine, its cartridges and replacement cutting mats and blades are way cheaper than cricut. I think sizzix also has free shipping right now to."
This is the better cutter.  Much better than the newer models that they have put out.  A must have for all vinyl crafters.
"I did not think I would have to write a review for this machine since mostly crafters buy them and they know how awesome they are.  Well lately I have friends who, with good intentions, their husbands bought them the model after this release, the all digital version and the wives are not happy.  It's very hard to learn how to use it compared to this model where you still use the plastic overlays and you can move the blade to anywhere you want to start on the page.  If you open the box it cannot be returned, no matter where you purchased it so buy the right model before you open it.  Order this machine!!!!!!!  Also another little tip, you might want to buy a new blade and switch it out as soon as you open your machine.  The one it ships with seems to not be as sharp.  Many friends have experienced this also."
"I have had a 6"" machine for years. The 12"" is 110% better and faster and much better at the cutting of good pieces."
"I have been using it now for a few months and have found so many different uses. I have made large signs, small sigs, vinyl letting for windows. I just love it. The best thing I have purchased in a very long time. Well besides my new car, which I didn't get from Amazon.com."
"I love this product! I enjoy creating personalized gifts and cards and have done so for years. This personal cutter is easy to use and the end products carry a professional look. I use to pride myself on searching out the perfect card to send to friends and family and now I simply create them. The ability to create my own boxes for baked goods and other gifts and a polished touch to my gifts. In addition, decorations and accent pieces for themed events have been a hit."
I love it!  I had previously been using the smaller machine but after buying a new computer found the firmware in the new computer wouldn't work with my old cricut when using the Design Studio program.  How is that for a good excuse to buy a newer and bigger machine?
"This machine has so many differnt expressions.  It was definitely what I expected and beyond.  It is sturdy, easy to use and I love the large variety of cartridges to choose from."
"This was a gift given to our family because we like doing arts and crafts things together.  The cricut does exactly what it is designed to do- it cuts designs into various paper types, using pre-programmed images.  This is not a Ferrari of machines.  It is more like public transportation.  It will move you to your destination just like it does everyone else, but what you see is what you get.

This is a plug and play kind of thing.  pick your image, cut it out, ta-da.  But if you are big on saving that paper, you are in for a surprise because you cannot manipulate the images to save paper.  This machine does not rotate images or let you 'cheat' by using parts of an image, even when using the online Craft Room Software.

The online Craft Room software will allow you to plan your sizes and paper use a bit better, but it is not an advanced program.  If you are used to being able to design using Publisher-type programs, this is not going to make you smile.  Instead, your ten minute idea will take an hour or two because of system hangups, improper cuttings if you try to use layering in a way it doesn't like, etc.

Support is limited.  There is online help.  Lots of people asking for help, lots of canned answers.  Lots of happy people... and you hope that they are real, and not paid to put on positive posts.  Because you really feel out in the cold when the resonses you get don't really help solve any issues, but instead tell you there is something wrong with your computer.

Again, I give it three stars because it does what it says it does.  My 10 year old daughter enjoys it, and 12 year old has been able to make the designs work.  But I am frustrated by overpriced images, the inability to really work with the images I have purchased, and the inability to use personally designed images.  I will be looking into the Silhouette, which allows you to use .jpeg and .gif files (which are available all over the place for free)."
"Cricut should have left well enough alone after this machine.  Both the Expression 2 and the Imagine were overwhelming with their problems.  The mini is ok for small basic projects.  This machine is hands down the best, and Ive had pretty much all of Cricuts products."
"What a fun maker this is! I have used this for so many different projects...cards, scrapbooking and posters to name a few. Pulled it out of the box and it was pretty much ready to use. Simple to use and lots of fun cartridges available."
"After having tried out a Cricut Expression 2 at a store which I disliked intensely I started looking for the older Cricut Expression.  Since Cricut came out with the newer model it was hard to find the older one, but I found it on Amazon and ordered it.  I love this machine and the service from Amazon was fantastic.  Free shipping and received it in just a few days.  LOVE IT and love ordering from Amazon."
"Bought this for my wife for Mother's Day.  It replaces the original Cricut which cut miles of paper over the past few years.  The Expression arrive quickly, albeit with a slight abrasion on the painted enclosure from bouncing around in the shipping package.  Not to worry, she didn't notice and the machine cuts flawlessly, and without the ""bugs"" the original version of the cricut exhibited.  She's made huge cuts that she could not have done without the larger size of the Expression, as well as tiny decorative pieces. All in all, a good purchase - works great."
"I had been looking for the cricut expression for several months, trying to decide on this model or the new expression 2, I'm very happy with this product and plan to complete many projects using it."
"I am really pleased with how easy this product is to use,and is time saving as well.
No more left over alphabet letters just cut what i need."
"It's a shame you can't customize cuts. If PC made a program allowing for cuts from computer, rather than getting rid of the ability to use Sure Cuts a Lot. They will lost buyers over this."
"I've lusted after the Expression since they first came out. However, because my original Cricut (which I bought when they first came out to replace the temperamental Wishblade) not only did everything I needed it to, it never gave me a problem and the smaller original's also very portable, so I couldn't seen any reason I really, really needed it.  (Want and Need are such a razor's edge apart, lol.)

But then I started making blank inside greeting cards through Operation Write Home for deployed troops so send back home, and suddenly, the ability to adjust my sizes to smaller intervals than those original Cricut 1/2"" margins became really important.  When you're talking about an A2 card, having 1/2"" margins around a double matted stamped 3"" circle takes up too much room.  So, I ordered it from Amazon, because I trust their return policy if it didn't work, and it was perfect right out of the box.  I also chose it over the upgraded version that uses a touchpad because I have a full time job writing, so I don't have the time nor inclination to deal with a learning curve.  The keypad on this is exactly what I'm used to, so I was able to make card embellishments right away.

As for the price of the cartridges, there are always sales online. If you sign up for various sites' newsletters, you'll get updates when things go on sale. I hardly ever pay more than $14.99 for a cartridge and can't remember when I paid more than $20. Considering all the options on each cartridge, I consider it well worth the price to have such a no-problem, do-exactly-what-I-need-it-to-do cutter."
"I purchased the Cricut Expression after enjoying the original Cricut for about two years. On my new Expression, I had problems with the blade housing and then problems getting good cuts. On items that were supposed to have straight lines (such as a rectangular card) it would over-cut at the end, leaving a jagged edge for me to have to manually fix. On more detailed cuts, such as butterflies, it would always slice one of the antennae off as it was cutting.

After trying all of the ideas that customer service suggested (re-setting the machine, down-loading a ""fix,"" and taking numerous photos and sending them to the company) Provo Craft agreed I should return the defective machine and sent me another. Problem is, this machine is doing the same thing. Now they want me to jump through the same hoops and cut through the same red tape as before. I KNOW how to use these machines, yet it seems they are implying that I don't. I try different types/weights of card stock, different pressures, different blade depths and different speeds- all with the same results. I have a sharp blade and a new mat. They aren't very nice to me now, although I have never been the least bit unpleasant to them.  I don't know how this will end, but at this point I'd just like my money back so I can find a product that works.  It feels like they just want me to go away, so if they are rude then I might give up. (Sorry folks... I'm not giving up.)

Edited to add: The third time was finally the charm! I did deal with a couple of rather unpleasant folks at Provo Craft, but the last gentleman was very nice, apologetic AND helpful. He ordered the third machine for me, but kept it and tried it out before he sent it to me so there were no questions whether it was working. I've been enjoying this machine for quite some time now, and would probably give it a 4 star rating now. It is a good machine, but not as great as my first one.

Update September, 2015:  I should have posted this last winter when I began having problems with my machine, but I am just beginning to deal with it now.  I was making posters and trying different fonts for the letters.  Somehow I lost 2 of the letters I'd cut, so I went back to cut two more to replace them.  When I cut at the exact same size setting, the new letters were smaller.  So I tried making them a quarter inch larger, but then they were too large. There was no way to cut the letters at the same size I had previously cut them no matter what I tried.  So then I tried doing the reset that they show you how to do online, but that made it worse. Not only did the letters still not cut at the correct size, but now my machine won't make any cuts correctly.  If I wanted to make a circle, the beginning of the cut and the end of the cut won't meet up.

Since then I have tried speaking with Provo Craft representatives, and one promised to send out a new blade housing but she never sent it. Today, after being on hold for an hour on the phone waiting for a representative to answer, I finally contacted Provo Craft via the online Chat feature. This was a very, very slow method of resolving the issue, with long wait times between each sentence, but I am hopeful that what I was told to try might actually work. They are sending me instructions to use the Cricut Design Studio software to update my Expression. If this works I will be one happy camper.  If not, I won't be buying the new Explore or Explore Air anytime soon, or any other products they come up with.  I want a product that works properly. If it doesn't work properly, I want to be able to get it fixed. I've sent way too much money their way after purchasing an original Cricut, an Expression and two cake machines."
"I was really excited when I got my Cricut Expression for a great price. However, I soon learned of the immense limitations of the device.
First, the device only comes with one mat and one blade. It would be nice (as others have posted) if there were more of these offered at the price you pay.
If you try to restick a mat to save yourself some money (to buy their cartridges or other products), you are in violation of Provo Craft's warranty.
Second, you can buy a spatula at about $5 to slide under the cut paper to make it easier to remove. This should be included in the package! I went to a kitchen store and bought a $0.97 scraper that works even better--whoops, I am probably in violation of PC now and will probably be served with a law suit or something now.
Third, Provo Craft does not play well with others. You have to buy their restrictive software or their overpriced accessories (Gypsy) in order to really work with multiple cartridges to design something uniquely your own. They are really good about suing other people for designing things that they, themselves, shouldn't have thought of. Had I known PC was so jealous, I would have bought another machine. I stopped buying cartridges and am happily playing with other things.
Last, the customer service at Provo Craft is ridiculous. It's laughable. I have been unable to even get a straight answer about certain cuts on cartridges I own!
I really wish I would have known of the issues before I spent the money on it. Provo Craft is a very bad company to get into bed with, and I do not recommend you deal with them!"
"I have a cricut expressions machine and I have seriously mixed feelings on the machine.  First of all you cannot do anything without buying cartridges that cost $30-$120 a cartridge.  So all I have is a couple cartridges I found on clearance.

As far as the quality it does not work great if you make smaller letters.  I bought high grade card stock and the deep cut blade but I have wasted more paper just trying to get the cricute to cut without ripping my paper than it is worth.  I spent 5 hours to make 20 thank you cards.  I thought this product was supposed to help make things easier and add pizazz but all it did was give me a headache!"
I am having a ball with my new Cricut Expression.  It is so easy to use and the options are endless.  It comes with a DVD which explains very clearly all the buttons etc.  I would recommend this item as a must have for anyone who is into paper crafts.
Having lots of trouble finding ANY software other than their own that is compatible with this unit. Kind of a bummer since it seems to be a well made piece of hardware but completely hampered by the presence of any software tools other than what they choose to provide. I am very disappointed.
"I received my Cricut Expression as a Christmas Gift Christmas 2010. I used it on occasion and it worked beautifully. Last time I used it was just before Christmas 2011. It worked fine. In Jan 2012, I turned it on and the LCD screen was blank. It was fine 3 wks before! This is a KNOWN COMMON PROBLEM. PROVOCRAFT IS AWARE OF IT!!!
Without the LCD, you are operating blindly. I frantically began to search the internet. Everything I read was so negative beginning with the terrible customer service. My Cricut Expression was now over one year old, so the warranty was voided. I've been sick about it. I've spent more money than I'd like to admit on cartridges, paper, mats, accents, a bag, etc. Well, I think I found an answer. Rather than throw the machine from the 2nd story window into the yard, I bought the Cricut Design Studio.
That way, I can see what I'm doing using a computer, but still can't see what the dials are set on...pressure..speed..size. The learning curve has been broad, but I'm making tiny steps getting there. My main help has been YouTube videos. From what I've read, the LCD screen going out is a common problem and the machine will not be replaced unless it is under one year old. Other consumer reports state support doesn't answer emails or returns them unopened. When they do answer, they are rude and unhelpful...this is what I've read. Search internet yourself. You'll find these posts. I unfortunately saw the wonderful infomercial and thought it was the greatest thing since sliced bread. I regret putting so much money in this product and being so disappointed. Mine was purchased at a local Walmart. Please, do some research before you buy. This was the mistake I made, acting on impulse without extensively researching the product. I feel at this point I'm throwing good money after bad, but I've already spent so much, I'll keep trying to make it work.  ***Do not buy Design Studio*** like I did last month. Their site says they will be going to their online Craft room and DS will not be kept current or something like that. So I wasted more $...I'm not stupid, I subscribe to Consumer Reports, I research, but I fell for this one without doing any research. The only possible fix for the lost LCD screen is a reset that I've tried multiple times; or send the machine back if it's less than one year old. The Cricut site says that if the reset doesn't work, your machine is defective. So, I'm stuck, trying to learn the new software or spending $ on a new Provocraft product. I'd give the Cricut Expression NO stars if I could."
"Just received the Cricut Expression yesterday, and first impression is... optimistic.

After ordering and returning a Cricut Create last year, and reading every review on the new Cricut machines, I was definitely prepared to return this machine as quickly as I received it; however, we are pleasantly surprised/relieved so far.

We got everything assembled with ease and fired it up immediately, and it worked great, with only one problem:  Cricut packaged this item poorly - the cutting mat was rolled up which, obviously, doesn't work and takes time to rectify.  While annoying, this just means we have to wait to use the machine, so will hopefully be a minor issue in the end.  I do agree with others in that this machine should come standard with a spatula and both a 12x12 and a 12x24 cutting mat, as those just seem to be basic essentials.

So my early review:  machine works with a small glitch.  I'll update this review after we've had a chance to use it a bit more."
"I had two duds before I got one that worked right. Customer support is a joke. :( But when you do get them, customer service has delays and runaround patter down to a T.

I only bought the machine to use it with Sure Cuts a Lot. Fortunately I bought my machine before the lawsuit, but... I can no longer update it for fear of it no longer working with my third party software.

Just not a good value, I gingerly use it for occasional projects, as it intermittently make weird noises now. When it dies I am getting something that works with third party software.

Oh, and they have the most ridiculously restrictive 'Angel Policy' in the world. Totally full of unenforceable bull crap. Why they would lie to us, their customers, on this stuff is unclear, but it lets you know they don't value us."
"I was working on a project for work and needed to cut out letters.  I've always been an artsy soul, and had begun the tedious task of drawing and cutting out everything by hand.  Someone recommended that I purchase the Cricut that I had been talking about for so long, but had never purchased.  I found this model on Amazon, and it was a better deal then I could find at any of the local stores!  Days later, the newest addition to my craft supplies arrived.  The quick start instructions were very helpful, and by the end of the night, I had finished all of the letters that I needed, plus started playing with the additional designs that were included on the cartridges that came along.  I'm so happy that I purchased the machine, and can't wait to add to my cartridge collection!"
"It is amazing, especially when I combine it with computer programs that allow me to cut out any image I find on the internet."
Paid extra shipping to get it here on 2/28 and it didn't work.  Had to call cricut and get technical support.  They said it was defective and had to ship it back. I'm a regular shopper on Amazon and this is not typical. CN
This machine is great for many projects. The ability to use material up to twenty four I ches long is great for larger projects. My daughter has one too
"I bought my 1st Cricut after Christmas this year-had 3 gift cards plus some rewards points so got the Cricut plus some accessories. It was easy set up and worked fine once I changed the blade (for some reason it would not cut at 1st-once I changed the blade it was fine) I've been having a blast making cards, doing decorations for my husband's school bulletin board and my dad's nursing home room-have a lot of projects I want to do. I find the Cricut is easy to use and understand-just read the booklets you get with the cartridges and play with the designs. I know some are complaining about the price of cartridges-but I have gotten a few on Amazon at great prices (do your comparison shopping) and also some on Ebay from reputable sellers. You do not have to pay upwards of $90 for a cartridge-the most I've spent was $40 on one I really wanted!! Most I've gotten were about $20 each."
"I have only owned the Cricut for a month. I used it for birthday decorations,party hats,gift bags and cupcake toppers, it was easy and so much fun! Can't wait to get working on my scrapbooking! I highly recommend it!"
"REally...there is no way to put this.  Don't buy the Cameo.  It's unstable.  Works when it wants to.  Customer service is bad, at best.  I had to return mine to CraftECorner (don't buy anything from them, ever!)

I opted to buy my machine from an online auction site and am very happy with it. Even though some people complained about the cartridges you can buy them very cheaply on many sites.  If you can get your hands on SureCutsAlot then it does enhance your cutting options; however, it isn't necessary.  I even bought a Gypsy to go with it.
.
Just ignore all the zealots who are boycotting the Cricut because of their tussle with SCAL.  At least it's stable and works, unlike the Cameo I purchased."
"I already owned the smaller, original Cricut, but I was wanting the larger one to cut out big circles and other detailed, large-format, die-cut shapes.  The price, although not exorbitant, wasn't something I had in my budget at the time.  Until....I had a $50 Amazon Gift Card and about $25 in Amazon Visa points saved up.  I picked up a used, but ""like new"" model from Amazon Warehouse Deals, and other than a small dent on the box, it arrived factory sealed, with all the accessories, and in perfect working condition, all for the final price of $65 and free shipping! WOOT!

As for the machine, it's much noisier than the smaller version, but it does what it's supposed to.  I don't have room for it on my scrap desk, so I put it on the hardwood floor.  I have a firewire cable so I can hook it up to the online Cricut Craft room (free to use for Cricut owners) so I can use my current cartridges to do all sorts of specialty cuts that can't be done on just the machine, for example, merging titles so it cuts out as one piece instead of individual letters.  You can also use the Cricut Craft room to cut out all the pieces needed for a die-cut design, by selecting the area of placement you want on the mat.  So if you need 4 different colors of paper to make, for example, a cupcake, there's enough room on the 12x12 to fit all the colors in each quadrant.

So far the only problem I had was that one of the rubber feet popped off, so it probably wasn't secured properly to begin with, but I was able to wedge it back in place with the help of a small flat-head screwdriver.  Also, the 12x12 mat that came with it is WAY too sticky, to the point where it keeps tearing lighter weight papers.  Once the tackiness wears off, it might perform better, but I still probably end up picking up an extra 12x12 mat.

My Mother also owns this Expression and she said it's much better than the newer Cricut Expression 2, so newer isn't always better, and at this price, you can't go wrong!"
"First off bought for wife for Christmas present, not a problem with Amazon in fact they handled it great. Anyway first unit would not work out of box, returned thru Amazon new one showed up, wives do not like waiting for presents to come back after return by the way, anyway new unit works and wife is now happy and cutting up like crazy...."
I was so excited to have a cricut! I had already created lists of crafts I wanted to complete. Upon arrival the cricut would not work correctly. The blade drug over ever design and ruined it. It is useless. I am very disappointed and extremely unhappy.
My roommate loved her gift. It was on time and a great product. She is starting her own business and she loves this!!
One of the best craft items I have ever purchased. If you make cards or scrapbook you will not regret getting one.
I received a Cricut Expression for Christmas and was very excited about using their new Cricut Craft Room software. The software is Mac Compatible but the Expression machine is not. I e-mailed the company over a week ago and have had no response. There is nothing about these issues on their Web site so I am completely lost. It is disappointing. Their fee-based software (Cricut Design Studio) is not made for the Mac at all so I am stuck using it without a design tool. I am now considering returning the machine and choosing one of their competitors.
"I purchased this on Amazon and it came without the cutting cartridge. It was missing from the Cricut box, so it's not Amazon's fault. I have tried emailing and calling Provo Craft to find out how to get my missing cutting cartridge. The unit is useless without the cartridge. The email response said ""call Provo Craft."" I continue to be unable to reach them by phone (they just keep you on hold forever) and so I continue to go without the ability to use my new gift. This purchase was an upgrade from another cutting machine I owned from Cricut. The one I owned prior broke beyond repair after two years. Even with that said, I think the product is good, but the customer service has been terrible!"
I bought this cricut for my wife for Christmas. She loves it! It shipped super quick and in great condition
I use it for vinyl lettering & it works great!! You will also need a tool kit or at least a spatula & exacto knife to completely cut out shapes & words on occasion.
"UPDATE: I originally gave this machine 5 stars, but I no longer can recommend the Cricut Expression. They sued the Sure Cuts A Lot company (Craft Edge)and won, so now you can no longer get the program for your Cricut unless you already had it before the settlement. You are now forced to buy the expensive cartridges and their software which is in no way comparable to the Sure Cuts A Lot program. If you aren't computer savvy and prefer the cartridges, this is the machine for you, but if you are comfortable with computers, this is NOT the machine for you. I just ordered the Silhouette Cameo, which offers their own software for $50 that is very comparable to the Sure Cuts A Lot software AND it can cut 12"" x 10ft! I will definitely do an extensive review on that machine once I receive it and play with it a little.

Original Review:
This is a very nice machine and can cut 12x12(the mat it comes with)or 12x24, which is large enough for anything I need to make. I love that it has the flip feature on the machine. The personal electronic cutter does not. This is useful if you need to flip your words, when making stencils, etc. This one comes with the 2 basic cartridges. So, I think that this is the best deal on the Expression that you can find anywhere, so get it before it's gone. I also wanted to mention that I purchased the Sure Cuts Alot program to use with this machine. It allows you to use ANY image that you can find on the internet. The program costs just a little more than one cartridge and the possibilities are limitless. I hope this helps=)"
Do not purchase this product. There are many cutting machines available that allow flexibility in using computer software to be creative. Provo Craft does not... you're virtually strapped to using their cartridges only. And they constantly inflate the prices on those cartridges. Their customer service leaves a lot to be desired!
Got my Cricut as a Christmas gift and I love it. It is easy to use and I keep making excuses to use it  :)
Got this for my daughter for Christmas.  She has used it every day since!  She loves it!  It is a wonderful machine!
"The Cricut is a great idea that needs more thought put into the design.  The mats are too sticky to do vinyl, it peels the backing off with some vinyl's.  Also, the fact that you have to buy their cartridges is ridiculous, (but I guess they need to make money somehow)."
"DO NOT PURCHASE A CRICUIT.  I suggest going with another die cutting machine.  Sure Cuts Alot and Make the Cut are software programs that allow you cut anything, BUT THEY ARE NOT LONGER COMPATIBLE WITH THE CRICUIT MACHINES!!!!  So you are forced to spend a fortune for the cartridges.  I have recently purchased a cricuit and I am limited on what I can cut out.  I cannot afford to purchase cartridges for every project that I am working on.  I will be buying another die cutting machine as soon as I can."
"First, I agree with the reviewer that said you should get on some discussion boards to learn some tips and tricks.

This is a superb machine. It does what it is designed to do and it does it well, every time. I have used it for a while now and have never had a hard time; unless it was owner operator error.
It is easy to operate and it is easy to learn to use. I sat down with the owner book and worked my way through the directions in very little time and then I have been off and cutting every since.

I have made banners using these programs. For example, for Thanksgiving I cut out triangular pieces of paper and then cut out large letters for Thanksgiving. Then I let my children glue the letters on the triangles and glue all of that to orange ribbon. It took no time at all. I even make little favor baggies using this machine.

I will suggest that you sign up for the cricut program and save your points so you can get some free cartridges if you buy a lot of cartridges. I have earned two this way.

Well worth the money.
enjoy."
"If you want to spend a small fortune on the machine and limited cartridges this is the product for you! I got this machine because I planned to purchase Sure Cuts A Lot (a program that enabled  Cricut users to download and cut out ANY .svg file - from anywhere. But,  Provo Craft sued Sure Cuts A Lot and now this perk is no more. To top things off I own a MAC so I am unable to even use their lousy Design Studio (which looks like it offers no real freedom to download new things anyway). So now I'm stuck with an over-priced dye cutting machine that will only work on a handful of lame cartridges that each cost quite a bit. I have to buy the whole ""library"" of a cartridge even if I'm really only interested in one design. My advice, take the money you would use to but this machine and it's many lame cartridges and BUY A WISHBLADE!"
The Cricut came with two cartridges and all the necessary items to begin crafting immediately.  My only wish was that the manual had a few more step by step instructions for several features.  Very pleased with my purchase!
"I am so excited to have the cricut, there is so much to learn because it can do so much.  I am a novice so I am still in the trial and error mode, but I will get there. Thanks ,
Willie Mack"
I love my cricut. I didn't realize how much $$ I would spend after I got it though. I got through the mats and blades like no tomorrow. I also go through a lot of paper as well. It is also very time consuming to use. You load a paper for each layer let it cut. Take it out load another paper do it all over again until the design is finished. But once you spend all that time you have an awesome design. I make a lot of cards now because I love my designs so much I think they should go somewhere other than a scrapbook.... I would like to invest in the design studio so I would use less paper and spend less time... But that would be more $$ to spend... >.< I recommend it but it isn't perfect...
"I really enjoy my Cricut.  It does exactly what it says it will.  My kids have made projects (by themselves-no help needed), I have made wall art, etc, etc.  I just couldn't give it five stars because I constantly seems to be buying 'extra' or 'replacements' for it.  The sticky mats have to be replaced on a regular basis.  The cutter blades dull quite quickly, and I am constantly wanting a font that I don't have and must buy a new cartridge for.  It is a great invention with superb potential if you don't mind sinking a lot of money into your project."
"I loved it, really good! Cut to perfection and is very beautiful! Not very good for fine papers, low thickness, but I met with perfection!

(Adorei, muito boa mesmo! Corta com perfeio e  muito bonita! No  muito boa para papeis finos, de baixa espessura, mas me atendeu com perfeio!)"
Cricut also came with 2 cartridges which was a nice surprise.  Happy with my purchase.  The only problem I have is that I could not track my shipment.  The tracking was posted after my package was del but not really a biggy.
The Cricut is so easy to learn & so easy to use!  It does all the things that I've been doing by hand for so many years!  I feel like I'm cheating by letting the Cricut do the work.  Amazon had a much lower price than even the discount stores!
Great machine that is easy to use with great results. So many options and choices to select from with the cartridges that came with the machine. The only drawback is that the machine is very heavy. It's a good idea to set it up out of the way so that you won't need to move it very often.
Cricut is a must-have for card makers and those doing any kind of arts and crafts. Easy to use with tons of accessories and cartridges available.
"I purchased the expression cricut from Amazon and I am totally thrilled. I purchased it refurbished and it works great. The delivery was fast and Amazon kept me informed from the time I purchased until delivery, where my package was. I have used my machine some but not as often as I would like....it is so much fun. If you purchase one you will be very pleased."
"I just bought a Cricut Expression yesterday at a local store.  It was marked down to $99, with a 20% coupon on all craft supplies.  I couldn't believe I scored it for $80!  My joy was short-lived though.

I had previously owned an Expression a few years ago, using it mostly to make lettering for my store's signs.  I had always planned to buy the Sure-Cuts-a-Lot software, as I could never afford to spend $60-90 for a cartridge that usually only has a few designs on it that I like.  But I had to close my store and I sold the Cricut for financial reasons.

Yesterday, I finally was able to get a Cricut!  But then I got home and did some research, and found out that Provo Craft, the company that makes Cricut, sued the companies that make Sure-Cuts-a-Lot and Make-the-Cut (a similar software)to prevent them from making their software Cricut-compatible.  This software makes it possible to use free fonts and dingbats off the internet to create your own designs to cut, for free.  Hey, Provo-Crap, think you're going to force me to buy your over-priced cartridges?  Think again!  I might have bought one occasionally, when I saw one I loved.  Now you won't get my business at all.

With more research, I found SEVERAL competing machines, most of which worked with at least one of those cutting design softwares.  Black Cat Cougar Cutter looked the best, but was expensive (it etches metal and glass, and embosses leather--cooooool). There are a couple of new versions of cutters coming out this fall (2011) that are better than the Cricut. I'm leaning toward the Sizzix Eclips or the Silhouette Cameo.  Some of these machines might be a little bit more expensive than Cricut, but far, far, FAR cheaper in the long run!

The Expression I just bought is going on craigslist.  I'm not the only pissed-off Cricut buyer.  I've heard of many others packing up their Cricut stuff and selling it on craigslist or ebay to buy another machine.  Count me as just one more, Provo Crap.  I bought my Cricut Expression for only $80, and it's STILL not worth it in the long run.  Even at that price, buying 3 cartridges in the future would put me right back up in the price range of the competing machines, which all allow you to use the money-saving design software, without restricting you to their proprietary cartridges.

Even at $80, the Cricut Expression just isn't worth it!!  Five years ago it would have been worth it, when Cricut was the only game in town...but now, with (superior) competition out there?  Forget it.

P.S. the fact that a store had it for sale at $99 and didn't exclude it from the 20% arts and crafts department sale should tell you something...the stores are having a hard time selling them, it seems."
"I bought this because I wanted to make my daughter's birthday party decorations.  When I received the Cricut Expressions, I thought it was big!  Yep, it's big.  It requires 12 inches in front and back for it to operate if you are using a 12x12 mat.  You'll need 24inches if using the 12x24 mat.  The description was deceiving because it says that the spatula is included.  But, the spatula is not included.  I came back to amazon.com to make sure I read the description correctly and sure enough, it says it comes with it but it does not...  Also, when I came to double check the description, I noticed that it was $80 cheaper than what I bought it for.  But, it's amazon's policy not to match new prices even if I had bought it only three days before...  I thought about returning it, but I needed it to make my daughter's invitations and the return shipping would be more hassle and $.  So, I kept it.

The machine is incredible.  I absolutely love it.  It is very easy to use and with a little creativity, the sky is the limit on creations.  It comes with two cartridges.  I made invitations for my daughter's birthday party using the Mickey Mouse cartridge and made the envelopes using one of the cartridges that came with the machine.

About a week after I received the Cricut, I was looking for cartridges on other websites and found this same machine for half of what I paid here!  So, if you are looking for this machine, look on other sites as well.  Also, cartridges go on sale on other sites and are much cheaper than amazon."
"I was so excited to see this cutter! I had never seen one before today and had no idea that a personal cutting machine even existed. For the last 20+ years, I have spent hours and hours cutting my own designs over and over...some of which were simple circles...for production runs on my handmade greeting cards. However, after finding out about all the Cricut Expression's drawbacks (i.e., not being able to create your own designs and not being able to use other vendors' software), and after learning that at least five customers were sold ""lemons"", I will NOT be purchasing this product, will NOT run next door and rave about it to my artist/crafter friend, and will NOT give it as a Christmas gift to my daughter for her and her scrapbooking girls to enjoy. I was very happy to learn that there are several quality cutters out there and will look into purchasing one this very minute. Thank you so much, fellow artists and crafters, for your invaluable comments."
"Cricut has decided that you are to be cartridged bound.  Personally,  I find this very limiting and expensive as it will require you to continue to buy new cartridges all the time.  Sadly this is what Provo Craft is wanting.  There was third party software companies that allowed you to create your own images and creations.  Provo Craft has begun suing these companies.  A machine with so much potential and options gets very limited very quickly when you are forced to to use only cartridges all the time.  For my money I will focus on a cutter that does not require cartridges and will allow me to make my own designs.

In my eyes Cricut has potential but the company is choosing to limit the product."
"I've wanted a Cricut Machine for quite a while and wouldn't purchase one because of the price. I searched craft stores, Craigs List, and Amazon looking for a bargain. I found the best price on Amazon - even better than craft stores half price sales. I got my machine today and could hardly wait to try it out. I watched the instructional DVD before using it and recommend doing it. It was easy to understand and was helpful as well. After setting it up I made some letters and hearts and flowers to decorate a Thank you card for a friend. It was pretty easy to use and I was very satisfied with the outcome.  As one of the reviewers said the cutting mat can be too tacky. Mine was and I had to scrape the paper off the mat after my first cut. Press a clean t-shirt on the cutting mat to reduce the stickiness. I also think the machine should come with a spatula which is used to remove the paper from the mat. I highly recommend purchasing one. I am anxious to spend more time learning to use the Cricut Expression and making scrap books and cards. In summary I would purchase this machine again thru Amazon."
"Got it for my wife as a gift, and it was a hit.  It was so easy to learn how to use and she loves it."
I bought this product back in 2009 and paid full price.  The company will try to come back on you and claim you haven't paid the full price.  It is not the quality I expected.  It does not come with instructions as to how much pressure to put on the blade according to paper weight.  Consequently you may end up cutting the mat.  Not a good company.  There are numerous complaints on the internet and it is up to you the buyer to do research.
"While I was wowed by this machine, I have come to detest it! You are limited to cartridges, which when they were new were $90 EACH. Now you can at least find them for $20 online, but then you have to buy more cartridges to get more images, or more fonts, but even then you only get 1 font per cartridge.
A better option? Do more research into craft cutters, there are MORE out there, and you are not limited to the images that come on a cartridge. There are also 3rd-party software programs that are compatible with those machines, so you are able to use images of YOUR CHOICE to create, not to mention if you have fonts on your computer, you can use those to create letters for your projects!
There are tons of websites where people will share files that you can use in that software and other machines, they will NOT work with this one.

I have several hundred fonts, and even with the software that is supposed to work with this machine, you are only allowed to cut the images that come on the cartridges. It allows you to ""see"" the images on other cartridges, but the catch there is that you have to OWN each cartridge that has an image you want to use in order to have the software cut to your machine.

Please, save your money, I have spent more of mine on this machine and cartridges and wish I had it all back to spend on another machine that does not limit my creativity...

Good luck and happy scrapping!"
"I will never buy a Cricut product again. I bought it to be able to use it with Software that would let you design outside the cart system, and then cut the items on your machine.. There were NO product warnings on the box that said you could not do that. Now Cricut has blocked every user of the software MTC or SCAL from communicating with their Cricuts in sofware updates due to a lawsuit Cricut levied on one of the companies, MTC, and now they are suing SCAL. So for me, my machine just went from being great to being useless.. I bought a Pazzles to replace it where I can create anything I want, when I want it. Yeah, I have six Cricut cartridges, but have never even used or learned how to use them as I had so many other designs to choose from on the 'net I could buy and cut that I liked and didn't have to be locked in to only the repetitive choices of the 'carts' at $80 a pop when I might like only one design on it. Cricut has given me LOUSY customer support about complaints, as others I know who complain. Right now there is a Boycott Provocraft site on Facebook, and a video song on You Tube in protest of Cricut policies, snappy song, clever.. you can see it here if you want to, kinda fun: [...]  Protest page on Facebook here: [...]  MY advice? Don't buy a Cricut, there are MUCH bettter ways to cut in my opinion, with better machines! (Pazzles, eCraft, Silhouette, Gazelle, Cougar) Cricut is big marketing, I find the hype just that, hype, and fluff... they were not good to THIS customer, and the other 4,800 people who have seen the You Tube video between March 24, 2011 and today, April 2, 2011, most feel pretty much the same as I do, or there would not be only FOUR dislikes on that video. Do NOT buy a Cricut! I was VERY sorry!"
"The Cricut sucks you in as the most affordable machine, but it's only cheaper for a very short time.  The cost of their over priced mats, blades and cartridges adds up quickly.  Provocraft does not want it's customers using third party software and is actively blocking it's compatibility, so it's customers are left with cartridges.  It's easy to say you won't buy a whole bunch of them, but the reality is you will want more images than the ones that come in the initial cartridge or two with the machine.

Secondarily the machine is subpar in performance to such cutters as the Silhouette, Gazelle, Klick-n-Kut, Black cat and Lynx. Trying to cut precision designs with the Cricut is often frustrating."
Great for some many projects that I do!!!  Quick and easy!  It sure beats cutting designs out by hand!!!
"I owned the smaller Circut for almost 2 years and then my husband bought me the Expression for my birthday and WOW, what a difference! The Expression has so many more features, so it can do so many more things. For instance, you can change the print layout between landscape and portrait. That may not seem like a big deal, but when you are trying to cut out an image that lays in a specific direction you are more limited with the actual size of the cut out than if you can rotate it. I used the Paper Doll Dress Up cartridge for my son's superhero birthday party. I made the city skyline image landscape and was able to use the full 12X24 matt size to have a large skyline rather than a 12X12 landscape. Another feature that makes the Expression better than the small Cricut is that you use multiple functions during a single cut. So, I can cut out something using the shadow function, the blackout function and the regular function at the same time.

If you are trying to decide between the smaller Cricut and the Expression, go with the Expression!"
"My mom's friend introduced us to the Cricut a couple of weeks ago and we are HOOKED. We are making my save the dates using the Cricut - based on a Martha Stewart craft idea, so cute - and it is nothing short of amazing. We stopped into Walmart this past weekend and found a huge inventory of Cricut Expressions on sale for $185! They are trying to get rid of their extra Christmas stock and had about 30 machines at that price. We are going to make all of our wedding stationary (save the dates, invitations, programs, reply cards, maps, etc) using the Cricut. The Save the Dates turned out so well and looked like they would cost about $5 apiece. We spent around $1.50 apiece (and a lot of time) making these, and they are worth every penny."
"Received product in good condition. Went to use, and it would not cut-couldn't even see where the line was. A few minutes later, the machine powered off, and would not turn back on. Had to return item for a replacement.  Disappointed. I ordered this machine as an upgrade. My other one was great-never had a problem in the 3 years I had it. Hope my replacement works.

Also, I have emailed Amazon several times (at 3) to discuss shipping and costs-I have yet to get a response to my questions. Very disappointed. I have been with Amazon for many years-never had a problem-till now."
"I have had the smaller Cricut personal cutter and loved it. My husband bought me the Expression for Christmas and now I can cut larger projects! It works great with the ""Make the Cut"" software too!"
"I gave it to my daughter for Christmas, and she was thrilled! It's the perfect addition to her scrapbooking hobby."
"I really love what this machine can do!!  The only draw back I have seen so far is that if you use it more than just occasionally, you will have to buy new mats for it fairly often.  But other than that, I love it!!"
"This machine is the coolest piece of crafting product i've ever purchased. I have so many cartridges now and I use this on a weekly basis. I love scrapbooking as well as cardmaking, and this product could not be more helpful. Yes it does get pricey, but if you do crafting often it will pay for itself. This is definitely an investment, but it is worthwhile if you are really into this hobby! So much fun!"
Received Cricut Expression Brand new and in top notch shipping shape!  Thanks so much!  Great Seller! Great Transaction! Speedy Delivery!
I purchased two Cricut Expressions Personal Electronic Cutters from Amazon and within a week of receiving them I found them at 4 other locations for $54.00 less than Amazon's price. They were Christmas gifts and had already been wrapped and given out so I could not return (I would have returned for refund for sure even with the hassle involved for the 108.00 price difference). Just saying make sure you shop around first!
I have had a cricut machine since 2006 and will soon receive a new Expression to replace my aging one.  I think it is the easiest of all the cutters to use and with the Design Studio or Gypsy your creativity can be almost limitless.
I purchased this item for my daughter for her graduation.  She loves it!  I love it because I ordered it one day and recieved it the next day with free postage.  It actually cost less delivered to my door than if I had purchased it at Wal- Mart.
"I love the machine, but was dissapointed to have to return it after a firmware update.  I will be without it for a full 2 weeks, and that is not fun after just having it for about a week."
"I would reccomend this product for anyone who likes to create from very small to very large.  I made signs for our Cat Adoption Center as large as 24"" by 30"" all on the 12"" x 12"" mat using poster board. Can't wait to try other media and the colored pens. I only wish that we could use our own art creations and graphics from our computer. The cartridges limit the potential creativity that could be used."
"I had seen the infomercial for the cricut a few times and I thought it looked pretty cool but the price tag ensured I would never buy it for myself. My boyfriend surprised me with the cricut expression for Christmas and I'm so happy he did! Now that I realize all the things it can do and how awesome it is, I would definitely buy myself one if I had to!! I've instantly become addicted to paper crafting and buying new cartridges and accessories. Provo Craft is coming out with so many cute new cartridges! I also have the design studio software which I feel is an absolute MUST if you own a cricut. It really takes your designs to a whole new level of creativity. I don't know how people survive without it!

If you look online there is a wealth of information and project ideas. If you're having doubts about if you should buy one or not just go over to [...] and go to the message board (under community) and there is a huge message board full of ideas. My favorite area is under the cartridge exploration, it has a forum for each and every cartridge they make and you can go in there and see the cute projects people have made using that cart. It's really helpful for getting ideas or helping you decide if you really want that cartridge or not! Also people complaining about expensive carts, go to EBAY! I have had my machine since Christmas (6 months now) and I have SEVENTEEN cartridges. I've paid about $20-$30 for each one and to me it's totally worth it because I have so many different options of what I can make. I also have the sure cuts a lot software but I still enjoy buying carts because they are packed full of fun stuff to make. The back of the box doesn't do the carts justice; you need to look through the handbook that comes with them to see ALL the different phrases, images and other special features you can use.

I made really cool shaped word books for mother's day, that said MOTHER and then I added a bunch of nice mothers sayings and pictures of family etc. and I gave them to my mom and grandma and they loved them! Better than any gift I could have ever bought! It never would have been possible without my cricut. I also just made 33 handmade invitations to my cousin's bachelorette party with my cricut and they're gorgeous. It took me less than a week to make 33 very detailed invites, again thanks to my cricut.

I was able to whip up a really cute, sweet get well card for a friend and I mailed it to her and it totally made her day! I never would have been able to make such a cute professional looking card without my cricut. I am addicted to making cards for any occasion possible! It's so much fun, and any excuse to use my cricut is great!

I've never ever written a review on Amazon before but the cricut is absolutely my favorite thing ever. I still keep telling my boyfriend that it was the best Christmas gift ever and it definitely was! It's so much fun and I love having a hobby that is so rewarding and just plain fun. I have so many ideas of things to make, the possibilities are literally ENDLESS! Also shop around, you can find great deals on all the cricut machines, cartridges, mats, blades etc. I would never pay regular price for any of those items because there are great deals everywhere. You just need to shop around. :)

So just buy one already, you won't regret it!"
"I love creating my own quilting designs and the cricut is perfect for cutting out stencils. I have used some of the designs from the cartridges and before lifting the cut-outs off of the stencil plastic, I select a new design and ""overlay"" it and cut again. It is especially very useful for single block design because of the sizing feature of the cricut. And I can get prescion designs for very narrow borders.

I also use the ""cut again"" before lifting off on appliques I have cut on the cricut. It allows me to extend my designing by adding letters to aplliques, such as an A in the middle of an apple and is perfect for ""reverse"" appliques!

If you are a quilter or fashion seamstress the cricut is a must have to personalize your designs. Just make sure you have plenty of iron on adhesive in stock because once you start using your cricut for appliques it becomes addicting and you don't want to have to stop and run out for more stabilizers!!!

I am going to look into the ""sure cuts a lot"" software to see if it will support drawing my own quilting designs as an addition to ""tweaking"" pre-loaded cartridges.

I hope this review will help get some creative juices flowing in those who use fabric as their design medium. I also plan to use cricut to design my own quilt labels.

Happy stitching to all the sewers out there:)

Mary"
"Works pretty good.  However, does not cut circles very good when cutting the heavier chipboard (heavier cardboard type material). Even with new cutting matt and blade, it appears that this is some slippage which causes the circles to be out of round.  Suggest ""Sure Cuts Alot 2"" to avoid the significant expense of buying all the cartridges ($40-$90/ea).  Cricut has taken the lead from Hewlett-Packard printers.  They sell you the device at a pretty good price, then make most of their profit from the supplies.  You can save some money buy supplies online for stores other than Cricut themselves."
Pretty much expensive to owe one. The cartridges is outrageously expensive!!! Plus other accessory. I thought i will be happy with it. but it turns out i have to spend and spend and spend to buy blades and mats and cartridges. the spending never ends to maintain it.
"Cricut customer support is non existant. Machine I bought my daughter for Christmas didn't work out of the box. When I was finally able to get through to customer service they gave me 1 877 727 4288 as fax to send receipt, I have faxed from several differnt machines all confirming fax sent, Cricut tells me they have received no fax. It's now Jan 28. Thanks for ruining my daughters Christmas."
"I got one of these for christmas from my husband.  I was really intimidated by it at first, but once I started playing around with it, my creative juices started flowing and I wasn't so intimidated anymore.  The sticky mat is annoying because it's too sticky and then when you remove the cut design....it's not sticky.  You gotta add glue (very tiny glue) to stick the cut design to anything.  But, all in all, I do like the machine."
"I just love this Cricut--it's great!  You can do so much with it, lots of fun!"
"I've watched a few of the Cricut Expression Infomercials in the past, and recently the Wholesale club me and my husband belong to starting carrying the machines. I looked at the machines while shopping, and thought it looked like it would be fun.

My husband surprised me yesterday (Christmas) with the Cricut Expression. I was very excited to finally have one. Mine came with the SchoolBook font cartridge, the cutting mat, the marker set so the machine can write the images instead of cut them, some vinyl material, the deep cut blade and some transfer tape.

After digging into the Cricut for a few hours while experimenting, I've decided to return mine.

Here are some of my thoughts:

-I was really disappointed that the Paper Tool is not a standard item to come with the Cricut. I don't like that the machine costs $275 and doesn't come with a $5 paper tool which helps to remove any designs that you cut.

-The SchoolBook font cartridge it came with is really boring in my opinion. I immediately went on line (Amazon) to look at buying some additional fonts. I could not believe that cartridges seem to cost between $30 and $50 in most cases....This is just awful to charge this much money for print designs, as it would cost you an arm and a leg to accumulate a nice library of design shapes to use your full creativity. I found this aspect to be quite interesting....This is supposed to be a creative tool, but you can't be very creative and versatile with it unless you've spent a ton of money on cartridges.

-The machine itself just doesn't seem all that high-tech. The preview screen and the rubber mats that you specify your image with seem very old school. They remind me of back in the day before my family got a computer, and I would have to use a newer typewriter with a preview screen before printing each line of my school papers. The Cricut totally reminded me of those old fashioned days...Ick!

-The infomercial sort of implies that it's a great tool to just whip out at home and make some awesome designs without going to the craft store and buying pre-made designs. In actuality, buying pre-made designs will save you a lot of time. Newsflash...you still need to go the craft store to buy paper supplies for the Cricut, then you'd have to spend the time making the designs at home. It's a whole lot easier to go to the craft store and buy your materials all ready for your crafting needs!

Overall, this is sort of a neat machine on the surface, but once you realize the time and the huge amounts of money you'd have to spend to create your in-home cutting center, you'll likely be very disappointed. Save Your Money and Shop at the Craft Store instead."
The item was a gift for my wife.  The only thing that would make the item better would be getting around the cartridges.  Each one runs between 40 and 80 dollars.  You would think after paying so much money you could do some basic things from your computer.  Have found a program that lets you do that but $100.00 more [...]
"My husband purchased a cricut expression for me Christmas 2007. I loved it. However, I didn't get to use it often. I have not used it over 10 times. Recently, my machine malfunctioned. Contacted the company to inquire about repairing it. I was offered a walk through of what they call a ""hard reset"". I tried to reset the machine, but the reset button was not working--it appears to be stuck. At that point, the customer service rep. suggested I purchase a new machine.

The warranty is only for 1 year after that you are up the creek with no paddle. I was livid! Its not like this machine cost a few bucks. Oh yeah! I was offered a refurbished one for the low low price of $290--I can buy a new one in Wal-mart for the price. It really leaves a bad impression to know that Procraft don't offer replacement parts or repairs on such a costly item especially when the economy is in the state it is today."
"Expression vs. Slice
There is no comparison - if you can only get 1 machine get the expression - it's worth the extra money...why?
I have the Slice - that was my first machine (I got it 2 weeks ago) only because it had the designs I wanted (tags) and also had some cool accessories and it's my first die cut machine. You have to hold it down to use it, there aren't that many cartridges and if you wait for sales - they are both about the same $. If you need a machine to cut a couple of things here and there and go for the slice. (Read my Slice review for more details).

Expression vs. Personal
The personal cricut only cuts to 5.5"" - and it's pretty much like the Slice - around the same price point as well. It does NOT compare with the capabilities of the Expression. Expression cuts in larger sizes, more feature - the LCD screen is more detailed, it's a far more sophisticated machine (think of composition notebook vs. laptop) - also spoke with a cricut user at a store - she said that the Personal wastes a lot of paper

Expression vs. Sizzix - I didn't even really look at the Sizzix, I get they're cheaper, and they have a lot of cartridges and they're cheaper...there's a reason why the machine and cartridges are cheaper - they're VERY BASIC (it's like comparing 3rd grade education to graduate school), reviews on the Sizzix weren't very ""WOW"" and if I'm going to invest $$ - I rather get something WOW - the functionality and capabilities of Cricut products (even the personal) is far superior than the Sizzix

Expression Features that makes this machine SUPERIOR:
Cuts 1/4"" - 23.5 inches (most machines cut from 1/2"" and at 1/2"" increments - this is 1/8"" increments - and about 7"" max)
Cartridges - very intricate shapes - when you find them on sale - it's WORTH IT! Plus they have the licensed shapes (Spongebob, Dora, Hello Kitty, Disney...)
Each cartridge seems to hold ALOT of options and information. There are so many varieties
Layering options available (exp - trees - it will cut the ""bark"" then i set another option to cut the individual leaves - a little bit of spray adhesive and tweezers, BAM - I have a fully functional colored tree)
Design is clean, tight and slim, it's very light and portable (not that I intend on schlepping it, but if I had to, I will)
you can leave it - program and walk away

What I wish came with the machine:
For the $$ - There should have been extra blades + 12"" x 24"" mat (it can cut up to that, so why no mat?) + spatula!
It seems really silly to nickel & dime customers for equipment they need to make the machine useful - I have a spatula from my Slice tool kit (slice doesn't include that either)

What I've done/thoughts so far (I've only had it for 2 days):
AWESOME - I can program what I want it to cut and walk away! with the Slice, I have to hold the machine in place.
SPEEDY!! It might be worthwhile to buy an extra mat anyways to load your next set of media while you're removing it off the first mat. (This would be important if you're into efficiency)
MUST read directions of the machine first! Then load the cartridge and read those directions! YOU HAVE TO SET ASIDE A SOLID HOUR OF FOCUS TO USE THIS MACHINE! There are so many functions/features you don't want to miss anything.
Had I read the directions first i'd figure out how to load the paper. It's aligned on the bottom left corner (DUR)
You can use ANY size paper as long as it's 3"" x 3"" - just set the paper size and it'll know and plan for you to minimize waste
Cardstock set blade at 3 - pressure at medium - speed (doesn't really matter)
Paper - set blade at 1 - pressure low - speed (doesn't really matter)
Foam (set blade at 6 - pressure max - speed SLOW) I feel like I need the deep cut blade (another accessory) - the cuts aren't very clean but it works (I'm using the ""Printing 101"" Cartridge - making alpha puzzle pieces to teach my kiddo letters)
Speed - the slower the better it seems like but for thinner media it doesn't matter
Make sure to have enough table space - you'll need space behind the machine for the feeder

Projects in the future:
Definitely making cards!
More foam shapes (Spongebob cartridge) - and letters
Cardstock animals to teach my kiddo (same with food / etc). (Animal Kingdom Cartridge)
I want to try to use other medium - fabric, adhesive, magnetic sheets, stamp, embossing
I want to get the design software to make my own ""cuts""
Helping my kiddos with their school project - making adhesives to stick on walls
Getting sticky textured cardstock to make our own ""stickers""

FINAL THOUGHTS:
If you get Expression - Buy spatula (unless you already have one)
If you plan on doing projects larger than 12"" buy the 12"" x 24"" mat
Buy an extra set of mats anyways - it'll help keep your machine cutting while you're working =)
Get a set of replacement blades if you intend on using this machine ASAP and ALOT (I've cut 9 foam sheets - 8 1/2"" x 5 1/2"" and 2 cardstock sheets) and I feel like my blade is getting iffy - or it just might be foam

DO NOT:
...Buy the Cricut bags (except maybe the duffel) most do not fit the expression - duffel will only fit expression if you expand it and it's not really ""protective"" - and doesn't hold much of anything, but if you're set on getting a bag - that's the only one that will work
...do this if you need silence - the machine is LOUD - think of your microwave running or the exhaust fan
...PAY FULL PRICE FOR CARTRIDGES - I got a ton for 60% off - really reasonable if you're willing to wait
I'm going to be making friends with local people who use Cricut and maybe do a cartridge exchange (borrow) b/c not many of the cartridges are repeat use for me - and the ones that are I've bought - I wonder if this is an item that the public libraries have...
...PAY FULL PRICE PERIOD! Most of the national chain stores WILL NOT take their coupons on the machine, but if you are patient, the machines will go on sale - or scope out online venues. Most national chain stores will let you use their % off coupons on the accessories

EDIT 10/2013:
I gave away my E1 and got an E2 - I sadly - like most reviewers regret doing so before using an E2. Well the E2 is terrible and had glitch after glitch. I miss my E1. I have over 30 cartridges so I'm tempted to get another E1 - but probably won't. I'll just use that money to invest in more cuts with the Silhouette. DO NOT GET AN EXPRESSION 2 - or you might end up sad like me. However, My E1 went to a school so I don't feel as badly. They love it and are having a good time making things for their students.

I've used a Silhouette for over a year and I actually love that machine more. It's a higher price point but the ease of use helps pays for itself. Silhouette's Design program is so much easier to use than CCR and offers a lot of flexibility. I think Cricut might have lost a customer (at least for their machines). They make the best mats hands down. I use their mats in my Silhouette.

UPDATE: 10/2014
If you've followed my reviews in the past - you'll know that The E1 was my first love - then I thought newer must be better and bought the E2 - big mistake. The tech/software issues alone made me almost chuck it out the window a few time. I ended up upgrading to the Silhouette Cameo as it was easier to use, less tech issues, and more sophisticated designs and also their subscription plan was amazing.

Apparently Cricut realized they were losing customers and has revamped the machine and created a subscription plan. I'm game to see if this actually holds up to all the hype.

For those of you who have a cricut now - read this blurb (if not, skip to the next section) - If you have projects on CCR - Explore will NOT work with CCR. You can't export your CCR project files and upload them to Cricut Design Space (CDS). I hope this is a feature their software dev people can fix b/c I don't want to have to recreate what I have. Also if you have linked cartridges from CCR/Gypsy/Cricut account - it will load on CDS (small win).

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
CRICUT DESIGN SPACE vs SILHOUETTE DESIGN STUDIO - This is actually really important b/c no matter how fancy your machine is, if you can't create what you want - then what's the point.

PRO-TIP - read the FAQ from the cricut page about CDS before you start - there are functionality that are the same, but the way to e is different than CCR. If you're used to the mat layout (which I am) - set your canvas ""basic"" and select the 12x12 or 12x24 mat so you can layout your items.

SUBSCRIPTION PLAN:
CDS's subscription is really affordable. For $100/year you have access to essentially the entire Cricut library minus a few license cartridges - which is fine for me - a cartridge is roughly $30 on clearance/sale, so for the price of a couple, I have access to tens of thousands of images. YES. PLEASE! I'm guilty of having to buy 1 cartridge b/c I needed 1 specific image. I'm happy ""renting the images vs owning them""

I loved SDS b/c you get a subscription plan that allows you $x/month to buy each design. They often have sales on their designs which makes those monthly allowance go very far. However - for Halloween, I burned through my allowance and then some b/c I had a zillion decorations to make. Total Bummer. CDS's option gives me access to everything and anything I can possibly want (except for a few licensed items). Those credits also disappear if you don't use them in the upcoming few months (which has happened to me a few times).

ACTUAL SOFTWARE
SDS is a program you download onto your machines, CDS is web based. This means you have to be on the internet to use it. I like that SDS is offline and I an do this if I'm stuck in a remote cabin. And it's not tied to the bandwidth of my internet - which can get patchy at times. There is a bit of a learning curve, if you have basic MS Word skills, you'll be ok.

One thing I loved about CCR that SDS didn't have was the function to do layers on a project - CDS does have that feature but it's not as easy as just selecting tabs. I miss that. I guess you can do that on the ipad app.

The software is also configured to lay your shape on a mat to maximize your paper. So you technically don't need to lay them on the mat perfectly. It doesn't have an algorithym to change the angle of the shapes so it fits between things. My workaround is to lay the shapes how I want it to be cut on the mat and weld them together - so I can minimize all the white space. CDS then treats that as 1 image and cuts as many as you want.

SDS has grid lines but not numbered/ruled which can be a little tricky at times. I like the gridlines are consistent (inches) on the CDS which makes guessing the size of my outcome to be exactly what I want. (SDS also offers an upgrade version for their design software - for a price - which I've bought, but it's still not as robust at CDS).

WHAT I WISH:

I wish they also had another subscription program that you can purchase the individuals that aren't part of the subscription library at a discount.

If only Design Space had all the buttons/functionality of CCR - then this would actually be perfect.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
WHAT I LIKE ABOUT THIS MACHINE:
Right out of the box - it worked. All I had to do was login with my Cricut account to Cricut Design Space. Suprisingly - I anticipated a 2 hour block to update firmware on the machine and the process of loading/reloading the app on my computer. It was a 5 minute setup time.

Comes with a bag!!! For the price price point - it's really lame to have to drop $20-$50 for a cover/bag. I rather use the funds for more material or accessories. The bag isn't a cheap dustcover. It's actually a legitimate sturdy canvas bag, with pockets, and handles to haul this badboy out and about.

The machine is surprisingly light especially since it's bigger than the cameo.

It's really clear that some thought was put into re-creating this machine. I love the light (E2 has this, E1 did not, Cameo does not). It helps for smaller detail projects. And who doesn't love something shiny...There is a little cubby hole on the top for you to stick your pens/tools for when you're using the machine. Inside the door there are 2 compartments. One for extra blades and the deep cut housing unit. Another compartment for pens/tools.

The machine may be made out of plastic but the parts that really matter are solid. The blade housing is heavy/sturdy.

I love the mat guide - The silhouette is guilty of having mats slip mid project - which results in having to redo the same project b/c the cut was wrong.

The smart dial takes the guess work out of the depth of the blade and the speed of the cut. I don't know about you - but I can't remember what setting I use for Martha Stewart Cardstock vs Michaels Brand vs Cricut if I haven't worked on a project in a while. My post-its don't stick on.

The speed of this machine is also very impressive - I usually am able to take off projects off 1 mat while another is being cut - but this thing is so fast that my projects end up waiting for me

THIS MACHINE IS EERILY QUIET...I thought the machine was just moving the mat around and not cutting until I looked closely - I no longer need to set craft time based around noise violation ordinances.

The machine is lifted up a bit off the table which means my cords doesn't get in the way of the mat. I also don't need to make sure I have 2ft of clearance behind the machine. This used to be a must for all my machines (E1 and Silhouette) so it wouldn't get caught on something for projects.

WHAT I WISH:
The machine should come with a scraper tool - that's a necessity. If you don't have one, check out the Slice (Making Memories) tool kit. I still swear by mine - it's inexpensive and has almost everything you can possibly need.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
OTHER TIDBITS:
I was talking to a mom friend of mine who said she spent $200 on supplies to make a banner. She had to buy foam letters as a set - and if it didn't have enough of a certain letter, she had to buy another one. She was essentially stuck with what she could get her hands on at the store. When I told her about the Cricut, she about died. I could have made her banner for under $20.

ACCESSORIES:
Cricut by far have the best blades and mats. I use Cricut mats on my Silhouette Cameo. The adhesive is JUST RIGHT and doesn't kill my paper when I'm peeling off projects. I also use my label maker to make a sticker that says ""top"" which I tape onto the clear protector sheet - this way I'll know which side is meant to be on the sticky side - this might not be a big deal, but I'm a little OCD.

Cricut blades are also 1/4 the price of Silhouettes and also more durable. My blades on the Silhouette would break if I used a thicker cardstock, and I had a project that went through 3 blades, I was a little miffed. The cricut blades are great on tougher material like thick cardstock and foam.

Cricut is the only brand I've come across that carries the larger cardstock (24x12) which I bought on Overstock.

If you need tools (tweezers, scrapers, etc.) - Making Memories Slice Tool kit is the best.

Amazon has consistently better prices on blades/mats (you can get in bulk) and also tools.

CUSTOMER SERVICE:
Cricut's customer service hotline is mostly available during business hours - this was really annoying when I went through my crisis with the E2. Especially being a working parent - I too work those same hours their hotline is open. They need to expand those hours. BUT when you get in touch with a real person, they're super rad.

Silhouette's customer service has always been fast on response via email and phone.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
MATERIALS I'VE USED ON THE EXPLORE - apparently this is the mother of all machines and I can cut all sorts of material. Challenge Accepted.

FOAM: (Do use a brand new mat - otherwise your foam will unstick mid cut and you will turn into a sailor). The nice thing about this software is that you can still customize your cut pressure. After you've loaded the mat, go to the ""Material Setting"" - then ""Add Material"" Name it foam, 235. Use the deep cut blade (I've tried variations of settings and deep cut and regular blade before I figured out that I could adjust the setting. DUR. Do know that on one side, it will leave roller marks. So mirror your cuts as necessary.

VINYL: OH EM GEE!! This thing is a dream to cut vinyl with. I uploaded some designs that I liked through the program and it cut them perfectly! My kiddo is obsessed with Mario right now - so I cut out some Mario vinyl and stuck them onto a mason jar - made my own lid insert and voila - instant piggy bank that cost me about $1 to make. I'm thinking this would be a great way to make personalized party favors - fill little jars with candy, or trinkets.

I struggled with cutting on Canvas and Burlap. The material would come undone - even on a new mat, I think I would have to use some type of a spray adhesive on the mat to make it happen.

PENS: I figured since the pens were pretty fine point - that it wasn't able to make an significant drawings - I was wrong. You can set it to run a few times over so it makes a thicker line. I liked that a lot. And it's awesome to NOT have to switch out a pen for the blade - which you have to do with the Silhouette. The computer controls everything - and it's made doing a project effortless and efficient.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
WHAT I LOOK FOR IN A SOLID MACHINE:
I need my end projects to be of quality.

ROI has to be solid (Return on Investment) - which means to me - the time I spend ""designing it"", cutting it, and if necessary, putting it together. The machine has to be easy to use to minimize mistakes - I hate wasting paper - or having to run the same project 3x b/c the mat slipped or a cut didn't go all the way.

VERDICT...are you ready for it?
I guess is really dependent on you.

Is noise level important? If yes, go with the Explore. As much as I love the robotic symphony that my Silhouette makes, I'm pretty sure my neighbors don't love it.

Are you limited on budget? If yes, go with the Explore - the subscriptions option really gives you a diverse group of cuts all for the same price. The machine is really easy to use as long as you have basic computer skills.

If you do get an explore - I highly recommend getting a bundle, it seems like you get more for not paying a whole lot more.

Am I going to part ways with my Silhouette - NO - but I did end my subscription plan with them and just buy as I need. Their library has many more ""sophisticated"" and ""3d"" projects that I really enjoy putting together/

If you were to go out and get a machine - since you've never had one before - I'd go with the Explore. It offers a lot of versatility that you don't have to get nickeled and dimed for - I like that I can do 1 project with little effort and get the kids excited to want to participate. There are tons of licensed materials too - so if you have kids - this is great.

I have a feeling that now that they're done doing the development of the machine, they're going to be spending more time/focus on the software side. Which makes this a solid investment. Every time I've thought of something random to do - the machine has been able to make it happen for me."
"Let me say first that I do love this machine and am so glad I chose it over the smaller ones. It seems to be very versatile and I love how quickly it cuts intricate images.

But there's a big downside for at least one out of ten users, and that's the fact that the software is Windows-only. This means that if you use a decent computer (that is to say, a Mac), and you want to update the firmware, you're out of luck. And if you want to use SCAL software to cut fonts from your computer, you're also out of luck, because you have to update your firmware for SCAL to work.

At best this is ridiculous and at worst, just plain unacceptable. People have suggested we use Windows virtualization software (Parallells, VMWare, etc.) to run the Cricut software, but that would require a purchase of the Windows OS and that's just not gonna happen. (And those who have tried this report that it usually fails anyway.) I don't understand why Provo can't release a simple little driver-type program for the Mac, just to update the firmware. Or do what the company that makes the Slice does, which is to put the updates on the newer cartridges so a computer isn't even needed to add them.

A great machine, but the company has been claiming for at least a year now that they are ""looking into the possibility"" of a Mac version of their software. Not acceptable. Every printer, scanner, and all-in-one on the market today has an OSX-compatible driver. This should be no different, and since it's hardly a difficult task, I wonder at Provo's real motives for avoiding it for so long."
"I have found the the Cricut is very easy to use. Compared to hawling out all of my supplies to use my Sissix or Wizard, I find the Cricut to be a space saver and very simple to use. I love how you only have to load the paper and type what you'd like and hit 'cut' and it does the work for you!

The cutting blades stay sharp and last a very long time. There are also many different cartridges to choose from for unlimited creativity.

As a long time Wizard, Cuttlebug, Sissix user, I really love the layout of this machine and the easy to use format. With my other cutters, I have broken the plastic plates by loading them wrong and fumbled with all the plates and don't bring it out all that often due to the hassle. With the Cricut, you just have the machine, the cutting mat, and the pre-cut paper and you are ready to make some cool things. It's great for cutting out words or names especially.

The only minor problem I have had is with loading the paper, sometimes I have to restart loading because my cutting mat gets hitched wrong in the loading which is nothing major. You also have to make sure you have the cutting pressure up high enough to cut or the blade will not go all the way through the paper. The basic settings may take a little while to get used to but that's the case with all the cutters.

This is a great machine. If you do a lot of scrapbooking or crafting the Cricut is a great investment. I am really enjoying this product."
"I received my Cricut last week and I love, love, love it! On advice of others I also bought the SCAL program (not by Provo but by Sure Cuts A Lot) which allows me to use non cartridge images and since then I have cut out so many images that I don't really know what to do with them all yet. There are so many possiblilities and the Cricut is so cool that I turn it off only to turn it back on again to try something else. I've cut out Halloween images, made halloween coffin boxes, made gift bags, and just cut out images for the fun of seeing how beautiful they come out. There are also free SVG images (used with SCAL) and that's how I got my Halloween images. The one downside is that I can't stop playing with it so work and kids are getting neglected. Also, I can see my mat will lose the sticky soon with so much use but there is a youtube video out there showing how to make your mat sticky again - so when the time comes I'll give that a try.

Yes it's kind of expensive but I used my credit card points to get Amazon gift certificates and I used those. I would definitely buy this again with or without gift certificates."
"In many ways I think this machine is great. I am able to create so many cards now with so many designs that I am content to sit and craft all night long. I love the fact you can get letter and images, cut paper, card, vinyl. The machine is not cheap but someone always has it on sale and it is worth every penny. I no longer have to buy cards as I can make them myself. I would however advise the purchase of extra cartridges as the two that come with this machine although they are good are limited. That in turn can add on the price but I would say shop around and share with friends.  There are lots of message boards with tips on getting your mats sticky again and also exchanging cuts etc. If you have kids or are a teacher I can see this becoming a great tool for displays and crafting.  Personally even with the price tag this is the best thing ever!!  I am now also looking into scrapbooking as I feel that I can do that without too much cost now that I have built up my cartridges etc."
"I love my Cricut Expressions!

I have tried many new projects and most have come out great.  The only reason I think my other projects did not come out so good is because I am still learning how to set the blade depth according to paper weight and small cuttings.

I definitely recommend Cricut Expressions to anyone looking to buy it."
I am thinking about buying one of these but by reading the reviews it sounds like this company is milking 1980's engraving technology. I imagine that if someone came out with a modern version of a machine like this it would cost $1000's. It's a shame this company is just milking old technology and doesn't have a machine that is versatile and uses a computers already available power. From what I see of this machine I would rather spend $1000 or more on a machine that allows you to do real design. For now I can't see spending a lot of money on an obsolete machine that is only marketed to suck money out of the buyer. This company has the technology in place but chooses to use 30 year old technology just to suck money out of buyers.
"is much better than the personal cricut. You have multiple choices on the machine itself for mulit-cut, auto-fill, fit-to-page etc, that the personal doesn't offer.  How do I know? I ordered the (personal) thinking it had the same features and it didn't, trust me it makes a huge difference. Size actually does matter in cricut world and you can expand to 12"" X 24"" which if you have the opportunity to upgrade, for a minimal price, just do it !

I have found the Cricut Expression reliable and fun to use. There are so many features and choices for projects that you will truly never be able to complete/use them all in a life time. I have been using my Expression for about 2 weeks straight with b-days, thank-you's  and just because cards. You will have to experiment and find what works for you. Be prepared to use up some paper if you are looking for ideas or ""tweeking"" the settings. I have a paper shredder so put my scraps in, shredded and dumped in my recyle bin, felt I was tring to do my part with going ""green"" thing.
I found just the right size and settings for cards so now working on my Thanksgiving and Christmas projects. With the expression it's like having your own card shop, personal decorater, and craft store all in one unit.

But be prepared to be invested in this, with the cartridges, blades, papers, tools etc. I gave this item 4 stars because I felt there wasn't enough clear information, descriptions etc on what you can do with this machine and for the price point it should all be right there for you to explore, including the extras I mentioned above !"
i am glad I waited!! I went and brought the pink expression from Michael's!! And Love it!! And I got it for 299.00 on sale!!!
I priced this at several places both physically and online and this Amazon price was by far the best/cheapest.
I've only had the Expression for about a month and I really love it. No technical problems so far. It really is fun to make such different stuff and build great looking cards and make titles any size for pages.
So far I love this machine.  It does what the website says it can do.  Just wish the cartiages were cheaper.
"This machine is nothing like the quality the commercials and advertisements make it out to be.  It is suppose to be able to detect the edges of your papers and it does not so.  Even more the commercials show how easy it is to cut out images on your photos but in real life, it is harder to align them and will take several trys and damaged photos to cut them out how you want.  This machine can not cut regular thickness paper as it is to thin.  When it cuts the Scrap booking paper you can buy at the stores it tears on the edges.  *no the blade is not dull it is a new blade*  This is the worst spent Money ever.  The company has refused to respond to my emails for a refund and its been under 15 days since purchase."
"I got this as a gift for Christmas.  I bought all the accessories, including the deeper blade.  I found that the machine does not cut chip board as the product claims.  It also does not cut quilting fabric.  Both of which are demonstrated on the DVD provided.  I spent another $40 attending a class at a local scrapbooking store using the Cricut Expressions.  I am glad I did this because it reassured me that I was not a slow learner.  The instructor also had problems trying to get the machine to perform, and the instructions provided were very vague and poorly written. When I have called the customer service at Provo Craft the ""tech"" did not know how to use the machine, and was not helpful. On the up side, I did buy the software package, on sale.  The software has been essential for me to be able to use the cartridges.  I agree that all the Cricut products are way over priced, especially when there is little or no customer support.  Save your money and buy ready made die cuts."
"I have had my machine for almost 3 weeks, I have yet to use it because I didn't receive the cartridges that are supposed to be packaged with it.  I contacted amazon who put me in email contact with the shipping company who finally responded to my request to get the missing cartridges.  I was told they would be shipped right out via priority mail, I have yet to receive them.  I am anxious to see if this machine is as good as I have been told it would be."
"My Cricut got to my house in Hawaii, 3 days after it was ordered, very fast shipping.  I love it.  Best purchase I have made."
"Any quilter looking for a better way to cut those difficult applique shapes or multiples of one shape - hearts for example - and have them all turn out the same needs the Cricut Expression.  Cutting material with it does require a few adjustments - fusible bond to make the material rigid enough to withstand the lateral pressure of the blade and keep it from pulling the material sideways, and increased blade pressure to help ensure that the blade cuts all the way through the material - but the results are fantastic.  It can cut very intricate pieces in a wide range of sizes, and is going to add a whole new dimension to my quilting experience.  I do recommend the tool kit, since the smaller or more intricate pieces can be a bit delicate to remove from the cutting mat without the proper tools, but my quilting buddies are all talking about investing in their own machines now that we know what it can do.  Also, be sure to read the manual before use, not just the quick start guide - without the manual's instructions it would be very easy to incorrectly install the cutting blade and end up with the problems I've read about from other users who complained that the machine didn't cut correctly.  Just 10 minutes of reading to make sure everything is set up correctly, and you can enjoy a lifetime of creative fun with this machine."
"I installed the blade with ease...next step insert cartridge and turn on...no problem...except machine will not recognize that there is a cartridge inserted! I tried with multiple cartridges many many times. I called the 800# and there are ""technical difficulties""...I sent an email days ago and so far no response. I'm ready to return the darn thing!"
still finding out more about it and loving it. can do so many things and make own stickers etc.
"First, let me say I love my cricut expression. It's an amazing scrapbooking tool. Not only can you boost your creativity, you'll save paper by using the middle of ""backgrounds"" that get covered up and reduce spending on embelishments from the store.

However, it won't pay for itself likely.  It has a high price tag and to get the most out of it, you'll probably need at least 4 different cartridges.  The cutting mat wears too easy as well.

The price tag is worth it for me as this is my only hobby and I love doing it.  I'm sure the price will come down as more retailers start caring cricut products."
"If you're considering buying one, you prolly don't need another review telling you how much fun they are.  However, if you are looking at the different types of cutters and don't care for the cartridge system, you should know there IS software out there that makes it so you can use any font on your computer, etc.  It's called ""sure cuts a lot"" and I wouldn't have bought the cricut if I hadn't run across that software.  I hate the cartridge system and haven't ever bought another cartridge, and probably won't.  But I LOVE my cricut!"
"Bought my wife the Cricut Expressions machine and several cartridges. Suddenly I have lots of free time! She's practically tied to the machine cutting out every which and whatever she can and I've finally caught up on my DVR'd TV programs.
I highly recommend the product for all husbands that want to have more  time for themselves."
"The Expression is an awesome machine!  I have no cons about the machine itself.  About the cutting mat, if it's too sticky, press a clean t-shirt down on the mat & peel it up to remove some stickiness.  Simply pressing your clean hands on the mat will also remove excess stickiness and woks just as well.  If the mat has lost stickiness, wash thoroughly with dish soap (Goo Gone might be needed) and dry thoroughly.  Spray with Krylon Easy-Tack, let the Krylon dry thoroughly and, if needed, press & peel a clean t-shirt (or hands) to remove excess stickiness.  Use a lint roller after cutting especially ""linty"" paper and after each session with your Cricut.  The mats will last a really, really long time this way.

I'm sure Provo Craft does not recommend doing anything other than buying new mats, but those who've been using the Cricut since the beginning have found ways to work around the mat issue.

There are also software programs that are compatible with the Cricut that will allow you to cut the True Type fonts installed on your computer, as well as many other file types and designs.  (Not Cricut Design Studio, but other, non-Provo Craft programs such as Sure Cuts A Lot and Make The Cut.)  Google is your friend. ;)

I wish Provo Craft would release their own software that will allow Cricut users to cut our own fonts, but it hasn't happened (despite begging from customers).

Search the web for discussion boards with Cricut topics.  There's a wealth of info out there, as well people who are excited about their machines and eager to help. :)"
"The Cricut Expression is a fantastic tool to have.  As a kindergarten teacher, I do a lot of cutting.  It has been great not to have to cut out 20 of everything by hand.  This machine is very easy to use and fast.  I have used the original mat many times and it is still working well.  As with everything there is a cost to using it.  Eventually my cutting mat will need to be replaced.  But, it is a small price to pay for the time I am saving.  As I said, it is a fantastic tool.  I wish I had gotten it sooner."
"The recent purchase of this machine has prompted me to become a papercrafting addict.  I had not been into scrapbooking or papercrafting prior to my research and eventual purchase of this machine.  With the simple touch of a button, the Cricut easily cuts out the most intricate of designs.  My husband and I both watch in awe as the cutting blade zips around the paper. It is very user friendly and offers many cartridges from which to build your library.  While this machine prefers a permanent workspace, it is not overly cumbersome to move wherever you choose to work.
Accessories such as replacement mats, blades and ink cartridges have proven to be readily accessible and reasonably priced.
There is definitely a wide price range on the machine, so research and shop wisely.
Con:  Unlike the manual die cutting machines, the Cricut does not have the ability to emboss.
Overall:  If you have an interest in papercrafting or are looking to be thrust into a whole new hobby, look for a good price tag because this is the machine for you."
"I love my machine. I have used it for making decals to decorate the tiles in my son's bathroom
in his new house, make greeting cards and boxes for family and friends. Love my machine and
my cartridges."
just what i wanted
got this along time ago and still works great  along with anything to celebrate Breast cancer and help
Horrible product. I will not be buying a circuit again. Got maybe 20 uses before a malfunction to hardware and Cricut refused to help fix or replace.
"The machine was fine, the box it came it was all tore up, very disappointed there were no instructions or cutting mats. The cover over the display window had to be glued back on and the cutting blades had to be replaced."
"Though this review has been years too late to post,  I think I would still like to share what I enjoyed about this product. Aside from the bulkiness and weight of this machine,  it's done me wonders on several projects I've worked on. Maintenance is not difficult,  and replacement mats and blades are rather affordable if you know where to shop. Customizing projects are endless especially if you're one of the lucky ones to have gotten a hold of the Sure Cuts A lot program. I'd say for starting crafters,  this is the machine for you!"
"Good product, what I expected"
"According to box and photo online, I was to  receive 2 cartridges, an instructional DVD and a 12x 12 cutting mat. None of these were in the box. The machine works fine. A corner  piece was broken off as well. This can be glued on and does interfere with the functionality of the machine. Disappointed, especially considering  the price. It was 3 times the price of my previous machine."
I bought this for my wife as a Christmas gift. She is not too happy with it. She wanted to down load designs off the internet. This machine is not compatible.
The machine itself was okay but it did not include all the items pictured in the listing so it was disappointing and overpriced.
