I just bought this sewing machine for my 8 yr old daughter.  Instead of waiting until Christmas and risking the possibility of a disappointed little girl I tried this machine out.  I have been sewing for about 30 years and learned as a young girl myself.  There is nothing more discouraging for a new sewer than a poor piece of machinery.  This is an amazing machine for the money.  So easy to use!!!!  The auto button-hole attachement works great.  I am very hard to please and I will say that I am impressed so far!!!!
"Bought this machine for my youngest daughter as her ""first"" sewing machine.  Worked well the first 7 or 8 times she used it.  Since then the tension is erratic, it doesn't feed evenly, it breaks bobbin threads right and left.  After fussing with it for hours on end, and having NOTHING work right on it, I threw it out and let her use my Pfaff until she saved enough to buy herself a new Singer."
it work great.
"First sewing machine I've ever used. After an initial learning curve, it's been great. It has more features than I've needed so far. The only thing I can think of improving is that sometimes you have to press the pedal down to get it started and then let off of it to go back down to a slow speed. Not enough to keep me from doing good work with it."
"Brought this machine from a local store as I wanted to learn to sew, unfortunately I was sold a refurbished machine and didn't know. Not until a while after it started giving trouble and I carried it to be fixed. Sorely disappointed. Hasn't worked properly for me although my seamstress aunt said it was fine when she used it lol. However aside from buying from a dishonest provider I still love this machine and can only imagine that brand new it is wonderful. And it is light weight can carry it around with ease. I would recommend it to a beginner."
Good sewing machine. Does all the things a sewing machine should do.
good machine but thread keeps on coming loose when sewing
"Was a great sewing machine while it lasted. I bought this in November 2015, but it finally died last weekend. I got about a year and a half of solid use out of the sewing machine, and then it started skipping stitches and breaking needles. The bobbin timing was off, and there was no point paying more than the cost of the machine to have it fixed. I guess you get what you pay for."
"Very pleased, this was a gift and working fine."
Works really good.  I'm just using it for hemming pants and dresses for the simple uses it's been working great.
Great buy
This was a huge hit and our daughter is still using it.
I bought this as a beginner machine.  I used it right out of the box. Everything works as expected.  It serves its purpose.  I used it everyday for about three months.  With no issues.  Of course I got bored and now it is collecting dust under my desk.  So from the standpoint of a novice seamstress it was foolproof to use.
I bought this sewing machine two years ago and have yet to be able to use it. The bobbin won't spin in order to use it to see. So It's been sitting in the box collecting dust. My daughter never got any use out of her present.
"Works like a champ
Thanks"
I sent this back last year or the year before...i thought i already got credited for it....it's a good sewing machine
"Nearly a year into using this machine I am finding it works well, seems durable, and is relatively easily understood.  The new style presser foots are not as easy to change out as the old style."
Bought specifically to HEM clothes.  Very easy to use and GREAT PRICE too.
yes
Please invest in a better sewing machine than this one. It overheats way too quickly and produces so much heat it gives me a headache within 2minutes of use.
I loved this little machine and used it often. However six months after purchase it hung up and broke. Now do I spend the money to drive all the way over to the service department (never mind when will I find time) and then possibly have to make second trip and deal with the headache and hassle and disappointment. I need to weed out all things that upset me and this does so do i just buy another brand machine from some where different or what?  decisions decisions.
Nice inexpensive sewing machine
Not easy to thread
Awesome for basic tailoring! I've tapered and hemmed pants and taken in shirts/sweaters/sleeves/ you name it. Easy and simple learning too after spending some time on youtube and reading the instructions.
Very bad .my machine is not working after 4 months . Used only two three times till now . Do t buy this
This was a gift for my 10 year old granddaughter. She was thrilled.  The Sewing machine has performed perfectly.
Great deal!
Machine keeps catching. It's always malfunctioning. Wish I could return it and get a decent machine.
I have never been able to get this machine to work since I bought it about 2 1/2 years ago. The tension and mechanics were always off no matter what I adjusted. I had to finally take it and get it serviced which cost half as much as the entire machine. They informed me that the mechanisms inside were out of tune and needed fixed. I was Leary of buying a brother to begin with and am sorry I did.
SCAM SCAM SCAM
Great machine! Gave to my daughter for a Christmas gift and once she learned the machine she has loved using it.
Great. It has a light and it doesn't jam. Easy to thread and has great handling.
Love this thing! I just started sewing (self taught) and this machine has worked GREAT.
so pathetically poorly constructed! Shame on Brothers.
Extremely easy to use! I have no knowledge of sewing so this was an amazing first sewing machine. Don't let that fool you! It's a great quality machine!
It's either all or nothing with the speed on this machine.  It's also a pain in the butt to thread.
Great beginners sewig machine and great price
Had constant problems with bobbin tension.
Amazingly well made!
Great sewing machine for the value
"I am certain that I am pushing this machine way past its limits, with a bazillion layers of material. Still going strong."
"Definitely a beginner machine - don't expect it to go through denim or anything thick. Hemmed my curtains and dress pants like a pro, though."
great
Bobbing very difficult to set. My daughter took my granddaughter to a class and the teachers couldn't figure out how to work it. This is for an 8 year old ( at the time ) but even the expert adults had trouble and couldn't use the machine.
I had to replace the first one I ordered because it kept cutting the string no matter what I did just after one successful use. The second I got did the job but still sometimes but the string. If you saw a lot ir professionally then get a different model.
"New to sewing machines here, this product was great and easy to learn as a beginner. I've never been able to figure out sewing machines until using this one. It's excellent and has yet to break down."
"Very good, easy to use."
"I love this machine. The directions were easy to follow and I had not been on a sewing machine for years. There are also youtube video's to help you, which were fantastic!! Simple is good when it comes to a sewing machine..."
Amazing machine!
"Love how it sews, great product for price!"
turned out to be a scam
"So I'm a total beginner to sewing, and I bought a machine that I hoped would be easy to use and comes with basic functions.  In terms of functionality, it seems to work fine.  However, you really do get what you pay for.

The machine didn't come with an instruction manual, so it took consulting with a friend who's experienced in sewing to figure out why my thread was bunching up even after adjusting bobbin tension, rethreading machine, etc.  Apparently I was using the wrong needle for the wrong fabric. This machine only comes with standard size needles (90/14) but there are no needles for fine fabrics or denim, so you have to buy your own.  In addition, it was lacking several of the pressor foots it was supposed to come with, which meant spending more $$$ to buy stuff like a straight-stitch foot.

Even with everything set up, the machine has occasional blips where thread randomly gets tangled if I suddenly increase to the needle speed. (I think some reviews complained about this too. Really it takes a while to adjust the pedal speed because it just doesn't simply go fast... it goes at WARP SPEED)  That said, after troubleshooting was over, I was pretty happy with the stitching results.  It's not hard to figure out to use either; just be prepared to spend some time researching if you DO come across issues."
I want my money back
Very lightweight and easy to use right out of the box!  Use it for quick jobs instead of my old heavy duty one that weighs a TON!
Lesson learned
Fake
"I love this product, very easy to use! Also very affordable :)"
"Seems like a quality machine, especially for the price and for a newby to sewing.  I am having difficulty threading it and getting it to stitch smoothly but probably the operator more than the machine."
"Works very well for the price paid, I use it for sewing canvas and it works great"
This machine was working great for the first few hours. Then the tension would automatically tighten the string and get wrapped all in the machine and break every other stitch... I did everything to fix it and took it into the shop. I ended up returning it because fixing it wouldn't be worth the cost.
My daughter uses it for her sewing projects.
"After all these years of borrowing relative's sewing machines, I made an investment (being that this was on sale for 79$) and bought this beauty. Right after it arrived on my front door, the setting up process only took 5 minutes and I was on my way to sewing!!! Not much of an extreme flaw to this machine, but I kind of wish it had more stitch patterns (hence the 4-star) and sewing feet, but you do get a good deal!!!

Bottom line is; it is an easy machine for beginners and intermediate sewing machine and it has all the basic stitching patterns for hobbyists who love to sew garments. TWO THUMBS UP"
"was pleased with this little guy does everything I need it to do. Strong for the size, even hemmed jeans."
too much noise I need change it !
Very easy to use. Its compact. Just what i wanted as a beginner.
Bought this for my girls to learn with.  Sent back. NOT a good beginner machine.
I am not sure if I have a bad machine or not..but it seems that all kinds of issues continually pop up with this machine...contacting company to see what to do! For machine as is I would not recommend!
Unable to thread the bobbing!
Works like a charm and is easy to operate.
"Can't stress more about a working machine when you need it.  I took the out of the box, threaded it and away it went.  Love it!  Simple, too."
This product has a copyright of 2008. Upon first use at a sewing class it seized up. Reason: it sat on the shelf at the warehouse for 8 years. The cost to repair is $26.00.
All OK.
"Very quiet machine. Good instructions. I've never sewn anything in my life, 57 years, until now."
wasn't as advertised
Works incredibly well for the price -
Works great for all my needs.
I like it
Nice when new but did not hold up long.
"Easy to sue, so far, reliable."
Works good. Good for learning on for me
Very excellent
This sewing machine on the bobbin side looked like a bad cardiac arrest. It was not stitching right from the beginning. Could oil it either never had direction come with it. It would cost more to fix it than to buy a Singer and a better model.
Love it! Also perfect for the price!
"Relatively easy to use robust machine that pretty much does what listing said it would. General sewing idea and common sense is recommend for getting the best results quickly. Rookies like me, on the other hand can also do well by following the manual carefully and going through some trial runs."
"so far easy to use, and very nice quality."
Great
"Super easy to set-up and use. I have been using it now quite a bit and only have had one issue with tension, and was able to figure that out with a quick search on youtube. It is good enough for the amount and type of sewing I do. I have an old Singer machine from my grandmother that is super heavy and old and hides in the cabinet it comes in. That sits in my basement. This one is light and you can sew easy with it."
"Good features, low price, a name that I trust."
"have only used it one time.  seems to be OK, not as good as I was used to, but like the portable quality.  will know better after I use it a bit more."
The sewing machine is easy to use and threading is easy if you follow the instructions in the book.
"I had this a year, and used less than 10 times for simple sawing such as hemming..etc..
It broke few months ago, (tangle upper thread in bobbin area) I contact Brothers via email, and send me how/what to check.
Still didn't work, then they gave me the list of authorized repair places. However there are very few places from where I live.
I have to drive 60 miles to get the closest one. I didn't go there yet, and not sure if they will fix it with warranty or not. (I didn't register to Brother when I bought). But surprised it broke so soon. For now, not recommend this, and very disappointed."
Great little machine for the price
So far so good
This is my first sew machine I've purchased and I'm so far impressed at its performance. I sew cage liners for small pets and this glides through multiple layers of  thick fabric a lot better than I would have expected. Taking me a bit to figure out but I haven't used a sew machine in years
mom loved it
Awesome!
"Compared to others I've used in the past, this machine was difficult to set up and extremely loud. I ended up returning and purchasing a different one."
"Excellent machine for price, easy to use and lightweight"
"I purchased this for the purposes of basic seaming to shorten or narrow shirts as I am petite as well as for craft projects that may require a basic stitch.  As I am not an expert by any means I was intimidated to purchase an expensive and overly busy sewing machine.  This Brother one was relatively affordable and seemed easier to use.  For my purposes this sewing machine is perfect as I only use it on polyester, silk, cotton, acrylic, Muslim, etc.  I do not think this would be good for items like denim or anything with  very thick or heavy fibers/fabrics as the machine itself is very lightweight and as it isn't portable it is not very stable to handle heavy duty jobs.  Again, I would definitely recommend this if you plan on just using it occasionally for a quick seam stitch but I don't think it would be very easy to use for a heavy, intricate job.

Pros:
-affordable
-includes basic built-in stitches
-lightweight to move easily
-not complicated to thread with included instructions

Cons:
-not too stable as it is meant to be portable
-not durable enough for heavier, thicker fabrics
-only 10 built-in stitches which may not be suitable for experienced sewers"
nice
Nice and easy for home repairs
I can't say enough about this I love using it to make simple things I am a  begin her's over and this is a  perfect.
Have used a similar Brother machine in the past and was not disappointed with this newer version for the project I had planned.  Thanks.
The bobbin set up is extremely difficult and annoying.  Then the thread bunched up.  I am returning this.
"Perhaps I'm spoiled because I have a top of the line Husquvarna.  I bought this as a starter machine for my daughter and would not recommend.  I returned it after we couldn't get the bobbin to work correctly.  I found it difficult to set up and I found the directions to not be very clear--would have appreciated pictures or very detailed illustrations .  Spend the extra money and get a better machine...I replaced it with the basic heavy duty Singer, and it's great."
"I hated the expense and nuisance of taking new pants to a tailor every time. I'm 5' 6"" and rarely do I find pants that are the right length for me (29"")  So I taught myself how to hem pants. I use about 5% of the features of this machine, but it pays for itself after about 4 pairs of pants!  Works great to hem pants, if you know what you're doing!"
Good machine. Easy to use.
"This is a Wonderful sewing machine for its price does everything for Everyday home sewing .
Very easy to use Great Quality ."
This was my very first sewing machine and it was super easy to learn.
"A lot of people said they were sewing within minutes of getting this sewing machine however that was not the case for me. After 3 hours of trying to thread the machine and having it break all the time or get knotted around the bobbin, I am packing up this machine and returning it."
"This sewing machine is good as a bigginer machine. Loud, shacks while sewing faster. Feeder foot is not very good. This machine is fine for casual sewer."
Best pasta pot worth and eggs and more
I gave this as a give to my 10 year old granddaughter learning to sew. It is simple.
"I bought this machine largely based on the reviews that said it was easy to use, I have used many different sewing machines in my life including a treadle and I can tell you, it is NOT easy. The problem is wit the gears and fabric feeding. It is rough and the sound of the machine is like it is grinding inside. Oiling helps but it is difficult to sew curves, difficult to sew thin fabric and use any of the alternate stitches.  My granddaughter takes sewing in school and the machine she uses there since she was 6 is much easier to run. I'd return it if I could. Today I bought a Singer for the same price I paid for this one."
Easy to use
It's incredibly easy to use and the manual is easy to read and helpful. I'll update this review as I use it more!
"I bought this as some of my clothes and pants needed sewing.  Instead of buying new pants I decided to hem them using this machine.  It took some practice, but I went from a  complete newbie to a rookie in a matter of days.  I found a few decent YouTube video tutorials that helped me become better at sewing.  This was well with the purchase as I've repaired or modified many clothing items over the past year or so."
Great machine.
perfectly as advertised
Amazing!!!...Im happy!!
"This is the most unreliable sewing machine I have ever owned.  I am a lifetime sewing person. I have had it several months and I have had to stop and repair it almost on a daily basis.  I cannot sew more than 5 inches and must rewind the bobbin and start over. I have never been as dissatisfied with a machine as I am with this one. I would love to give it back. But, the instructions say I need to send it back to the factory. That is going to cost me more than the machine cost to begin with. This was a welcome home gift to me from my husband. I will never purchase another Brother machine. And, I would never recommend this to anyone. I am going to donate it."
Love it.
Ordered this for my granddaughter that is getting into sewing. We will see how well she likes it after she opens it for Christmas.
Nice product and works as expected
"This machine is very poor quality. The parts are all cheap plastic, poorly put together, difficult to take apart. Upon taking mine out of the box it didn't work. The motor would go when the pedal was pushed but the needle wouldn't move. I tried going on the Brother website and their customer service line leads you to a bunch of offensive informercial sweepstakes junk. This company is awful! I can see how it has decent ratings because if yours works right away it will do basic sewing. But it is NOT a quality product nor a respectable company. I refuse to give irresponsible companies my business. This is landfill material."
Very satisfied. I got it for myself to do very minor sewing on rare occasions because it's so inexpensive.  Instead my wife used it when her much more expensive machine broke.  She has not given it back to me and that was a good two years ago.  She knows a lot more about sewing than me so I'd say that's a great indorcement of this little machine.
This is just the best thing in the world! I made my graduation dress with it!
"This machine does what I need just basic home use I use it for heavier materials than it may be designed for not many stiches it plugs up at times and I have broken many needles, should buy bobbins with the machine it comes with four need many more."
This is a great machine!
Easy to use and pretty sturdy. Definitely a good purchase.
It was for my mom but easy enough for me to operate also. I watched couple of YouTube instructional videos and was able to do simple sewing tricks.
"great deal, good simple easy to use machine, no problems at all, love the simplicity and compact design.  very pleased with this purchase."
"Love it! Has done everything I need it to do from stretch fabric to denim. I am a once or twice a month sewer, so it doesn't get a ton of wear and tear. However, everything on this is easy to use and works each time. I would recommend for the occasional sewer or a person new to a machine."
"It's the first machine I ever bought. I suppose it served it's purpose while I was learning how to sew. I'm still not an expert but I can now review this product with a little insight and experience.

1. Bad Sewing Tension - This has been a problem since the beginning. Bottom/bobbin tension changes on it's own ALL.THE.TIME. (see picture. 3 stitches back to back without changing thread). So forget attempting topstitching or rolled hems...
2. Not great with thick fabrics (layers) or knits.

All the other issues I have with it are due to the tension. Broken one too many needles trying to get the right tension. Threading also becomes an issue when tension switches on you without notice. You end up with  broken threads all the time.

Great for beginners and basic sewing: quick projects, pillow cases, crafts but not if you are trying to qualify for Project Runway ;-)"
My wife got this to do some drapery work. She's not a big sewer but said this was easy to use...and the drapes look great too!
My Greatgrandaughter loves it. Thanks
Easy to use is correct !!!
"The sewing machine is functional with all the stitch patterns in addition to the reverse stitch lever. I am fond of the bobbin winding mechanism because each bobbin winds neatly and the rotating spindle stops once the bobbin is filled to a certain capacity. The speed control pedal is precise and sensitive which favors careful sewing. Threading the actual needle is mildly challenging since the guides assist the user. The storage compartment is integrated into the cover of the bobbin mechanism which I appreciate because additional needles and other tools could be stored in reach. However, the light bulb is dim and balance wheel is undersized and the internal mechanisms for the bobbin shuttle and the needle are stiff and will seize at lower speeds resulting in the motor buzzing.  I also dislike that the drive belt is contained because it will be a challenge to replace."
Really easy to use and install!
Yes
I love it. I am not really handy when it comes to sewing and needed something simple I can use for crafts and occasiona to hem a curtain. For this it's perfect and I liked the price.
Fine machine
"Great Price!  I have NOT used it yet. It's been about a year.  I had this notion of grand designs in my head...

BUT, it's well made. Heavy, but can be moved around easily enough.

I'll get to it one day."
Works great!
easy to use .
"Got this 2 yrs ago, works great for my minimum amount of sewing. No complaint. Great price and my 8yr old is excited to begin to use it!"
"Great basic sewing machine, has the right amount of sewing patterns stitches, storage, light, not to heavy, small enough to fit in a corner."
Love it easy to use. Shipped quickly.
"Gave as a gift for my young granddaughter, she loves it and her parents said it is a nice machine for the price."
Very happy with my purchase.
Very Easy to work with.  Comes with all the attachments that you need for a beginner!
great for the money!
Thanks
"Good sewing machine for the price.  I don't sew that much any more, but it's has worked well for mending."
"I love my sewing machine! I am not an experienced sewer by any stretch of the imagination, and this machine was really easy to work with. I watched a video on Youtube to learn how to thread it and it was really easy, I had no problems whatsoever. This machine is ideal for small projects and to do your own alterations at home. Excellent price too. It is also light and easy to move from one place to the other."
"Bought this machine as a gift for my daughter, and she loves how simple n easy it is."
"Nice Machine.  I chose it based on the reviews and was not disappointed.  It only get's light use, but we are pleased, especially for the price."
Tension sucks. Will break after a few uses. Cost more to fix than it's worth.
"bought this as a gift for my niece....i was very impressed that when it was delivered it was in a bigger box and well protected....there was no damage at all to the machine..... my niece says it works perfectly, she has already made several projects with it and is as happy as a clam... would buy this machine again in a heartbeat.... especially for a beginner sewer....its functional and easy to use.... highly recommend this product."
I love it
"Well it's a very pretty machine, but mine did not come with needles or bobbins, so it's sitting on the kitchen table just waiting. More reviews to come once I have purchased the needles and bobbins. I am exciting to begin using it."
great sewing machine. does everything i need it to do. i use it to make my bed sheets and clothes for work. has never given me a problem and i have it for about 2 years now.
Very disappointed in this sewing machine. I think it is difficult to thread and install bobbin. The directions were of minimal help. I am constantly having to rethread the needle. I purchased this machine to replace a singer machine that was 25 years old and running perfect. I wish I still had my old machine!!
"I bought this last year and it sadly has continuous problems. It's too bad. The plastic bobbins do not work for this.  I had to take the bobbin holder out and replace it with one from another sewing machine. The thread always gets stuck on something inside the machine. I've tried fixing my Brother machine, but old singers are better."
"So far I've only used this machine for basic embroidery and tailoring, but I've been very happy with it. It offers a great range of stitches, it's compact, and it's very easy to use--with one exception. I had so much difficulty getting the bobbin case to say in place in the bobbin compartment that I had to remove the shuttle hook rings inside the compartment, move them to the right position, put them back into place, then snap the bobbin case into place. I followed all the instructions in the manual, but no amount of moving the handwheel helped the issue, and this was the only way I found to successfully snap the bobbin case into place and pull up the bottom thread. Once I did this, everything worked seamlessly. When the bobbin thread ran out and I had to take out and replace the bobbin case, I had to do the same procedure all over again to get the case to stay in place. This isn't my first sewing machine, so I like to think I know what I'm doing. Otherwise it's a great machine and I'd recommend it to anyone look for a reliable machine for basic tasks."
"very easy to use and works great for my projects, just enough but not too much. I like it very much"
Bought for daughter ... to complicated to function for her & returned it
"This is a great sewing machine for starters. Granted, I'm artistically inclined and like to tinker with things, but as long as one reads the manual I think you'll be okay.

Good sewing machine! Great for weekend projects, and small DIY experiments.  I've tailored a blazer, pairs of pants with this since I'm very small and most clothes are baggy on me."
I love this sewing machine!! I taught myself how to sew on this machine - great for beginners!
This is my second Brother machine. My old was was getting pretty tired after quilting. It was amazing to see the difference with the first seam. I make baby quilts with flannels. Sewing through batting and 4 layers of material it sewed so smoothly. I really don't think you can find a better price on a great machine.
"I am shocked this gets any positive reviews at all. I have seen for years and have never encounter d a machine so worthless. It will break your threads, ruin your fabric and you will have to throw out your project. I know how to oil, tweak, and maintain machines myself. Nothing will work. Do NOT BUY! In recent years brother and singer no h make horrible machines. Save your money and buy a used machine from a more reputable brand like Viking or Bernina. I actually threw this machine in the trash and felt a huge wave of relief when I did."
Easy to use works great
"absolutely fantastic machine, very user friendly, and great for beginners. i have done some sewing but not much, i bought this and was able to make four large curtain panels with ease"
"I bought this machine for my 10 year old niece and she loves it. It is intuitive and very manageable for her.
 I would highly recommend this machine for the beginner and intermediate."
Perfect for my small house and life..Easy to understand and use
Easy to use.
"I use mine to make repairs and modifications to work clothes, and upholstery. Works great! Not suitable for some heavier or thickly layered fabrics, though. I would also recommend finding tougher needles. The ones included broke on me a few times. A great product, otherwise. 4 stars!"
Perfect!!!
Easy to use and my duaghterr loves it.
I have been using this basic machine for over five years and it still runs great. In fact I intend to order my daughter-in-law one for Christmas as she has never used a machine and I know she will be fine using this one. I do wish the accessories were more reasonable in price but am completely satisfied with it.
Good price and fast shipping!
very nice product
Perfect!! My mum loves it
"Took me a little bit to get used to, but its a nice little machine. Getting the bobbin in is a pain compared to other machines I've used, but other than that I cant complain"
Great first sewing machine!
"Very satisfied, everything worked out fine."
Good
"Well, this is a great deal for the money.  It can't sew through 12 layers of denim like my 1978 Kenmore, but it is great for lighter fabric sewing.  It is light and easy to use."
very nice machine. works well.
"Perfect sewing machine for beginners, simple to use and it even has a hidden compartment with all your sewing essentials including extra bobbins and needles. I am a beginner by the way"
"Bought this sewing machine on black friday, and received it CRAZY FAST!!!! I was so happy. The box kinda made it look cheap, but when I opened it... it was so beautiful and well made and very easy to use!!!!! I cannot wait to start learning how to sew because i feel like this is the perfect beginners sewing machine!!!!!!"
Excellent beginners sewing machine. I was able to start up right away after reading the full instructions and studying the parts and peices of the machine before beginning. I fixed all my ripped clothing and hemmed all my curtains the first day after never using a sewing machine before. Just make sure you read the directions!
"I purchased this machine as a first time sewing machine user and taught myself how to use it. It was very simple and had clear, straightforward directions. I was able to get going and start using it right away. The directions were detailed enough that I could troubleshoot any problems I had with thread tension or tangling threads. I've used a variety of different fabric material and thread types with this machine and its versatility surprised me. The built in storage is fantastic! It's very quick and easy to unpack and get started sewing and pack everything away to clean up. The size of the machine is great - it's large enough to do medium sized projects, but small enough to be packed away when I'm not using it. The foot pedal was very responsive and easy to control at a slow or fast pace. Overall, a great machine and easy to use."
What a great machine.  I'm not a professional sewer but the ease of operation makes it perfect for me.  Love it.
"
Can't say enough good things about this machine

In two weeks I sewed two twin blankets
My best friend sewed a baby blanket and clothing items
and NO PROBLEMS
NOT ONE.
I bought/inherited 5 sewing machines before getting fed up with all of them and getting this and I couldn't be happier."
Very hard to use and do not like this purchase.
Just what I always wanted.  Great value with very good quality.  Super happy with purchase.
It's simple to use and the instructions guide easy to read!
She doesn't use it anymore but it works great. Great value and nice set up for beginners.
Great and the price is even better
Present for my daughter and she loves it! First sewing machine and it is easy to learn on but still has some nice extras.
I bought it for my sister in Nigeria and she loves it. She uses it every time although the light bulb blew at first use
"Great for beginners like me, nice small size."
Bought this for my 10 year old that was signed up for a sewing class. It has been very easy to use and she has made some impressive projects already. I highly recommend!
Works fine.
"Like so far I don't do much sewing, needed for hemming and fixing small items."
"Exactly what I was looking for! Easy to set up and get started sewing! Threading the machine is very simple, not complex as with some of my other machines in the past. I needed something for every day sewing. This is the perfect machine to accomplish that! I used the blind hem stitch to hem a couple of pairs of slacks for my daughter. It worked perfectly! The manual is very handy and has illustrations with the instructions. Very easy to follow! I'm very pleased with this machine!!!"
Great an easy to use!
"I just used this for the first time last weekend (got it Dec 2015), and I really like it!  I hadn't used a sewing machine in over 30 years (not since 7th grade home ec), and I was really worried about all the stuff I didn't remember. However, I followed the relatively easy instructions for threading the bobbin & threading the machine, and I made a gorgeous baby quilt that would have taken me easily 3-4 times longer without the machine. I'm looking forward to what else I can do!"
"Shipping was fast and a big improvement from our last Brother Machine. It's so much easier to use and my wife finished her project in record time.
G"
"This machine was great for my needs, I will only use it for simple dresses and clothing repairs."
"This is my first sewing machine I have owned, I have little experience using a sewing machine. For being my first, it was easy to set up and very easy to use. It is not too big and not too small. It is also lightweight and not to heavy to move around. I enjoy the features and made sewing projects easy to do. I would recommend this sewing machine to starters like myself."
Functional for my sewing needs.
"Good simple machine.  The tension is a bit tricky, but that may just be our inexperience with sewing."
"This is the perfect sewing machine for beginners. This is not even too hard to use, it stays true to its advertised words. Not only that but it is very quick, if you need something urgently done it is there for you."
"Product is excellent, but I got stuck with  Amazon prime. I did not order this , I do not want it . I want it off of my card."
Works very well in all settings good for light work around the house
"So far this is a very good machine especially for beginners. It comes with various parts and they were not lying when they said it was light weighted. It is very easy to pick up making it easier for me to transport it where ever i go. It does not come with a case for carrying though if you were wondering but then again, it looks stylish to me so i just carry it around. It is very easy to use too. If you know the basics of a sewing machine, you are good to go. I got started 2 minutes after opening the box and I'm a beginner so that tells you how easy this machine is to use. Overall i will recommend this product to anyone who wants to buy an easy to use seeing machine but then again wants one which is very quality and light weighed at the same time"
Excellent starter or portable machine.
"thread keeps coming undone.
watched all the videos on how to thread this thing thread still kept popping out/doubling up
then had granma  an expert sewer set it up for us. she still had problems
maybe we got a defective one.
very frustrating."
My 9yr old granddaughter loves it. Very easy to use. Great for beginners or for someone who just needs to do some mending and light sewing.
"I've wanted to learn how to sew for quite some time but had no idea where to begin and was quite intimidated by most machines I considered purchasing. I chose this machine for it's price point and reviews stating that it would good choice for a beginner. I am so proud to say that I was able to use the machine very shortly after opening the box all by myself. For someone that has never touched a machine before, the manual is extremely helpful. I thought I would have to look on you tube or something to at least thread it properly but the directions are so clear that it wasn't necessary. I am so thrilled that I no longer have to make simple clothing repairs by hand or take things to a tailor to get them hemmed. I feel like this is something that should definitely be in every household. Now I can't wait for more thread to get arrive so I can make a curtain for my weird sized window. I am suprised it didn't come with oil but lucky that previous reviews mrntioned it. My only regret is not purchasing this much sooner!"
Great machine...
Very good product thanks
"Great price for a basic machine, which is all many of us need.  I was a bit disappointed in all the plastic parts (the pressure foot lifter, etc) vs. more durable metal like in the machine I bought 30 years ago.  But it will do the job."
Great sewing machine.  I got this for my daughter for Christmas and it works great and is easy to use.  I just wish I had someone to teach us how to sew LOL
will send away
Love it
"Excellent sewing machine, does everything I want it to do. Great for quilting"
It is not very specific on how to thread the thing.
Really easy to use
So awesome for a beginner or just need a sewing machine for simple projects!
Good
"Granted I am a true beginner with using a machine for sewing, but I could not figure out how to even thread the needle. I am over 40 with a degree so I am not a complete idiot. These are not easy instructions for someone just starting out. I wanted to start sewing as a hobby but I feel that I'm so discouraged that I want to give up. How can I sew when I can't even get the machine ready? Very disappointed!"
"Great little sewing machine for someone who just does simple repairs... No, strike that. Yes, this is a very simple sewing machine, and no, there are no fancy stitches available other than your standard stitches, but I was able to make a fitted chair cover out of a relatively sturdy fabric on this machine. And no, I'm not a big sewer, so the simplicity of it suits me just fine. But if you need it for any heavy duty sewing, in my opinion it holds its own!"
"Writing as an experienced seamstress: I received this as a gift (purchased from amazon) and It is just a ""good"" machine. If you have never sew a stitch in your life and you want to learn how to sew, I suggest buying this one (or a similar one) and try it out. It only has a few features- straight stitch, zig-zag stitch, blind hem, button hole, etc. It will work for simple projects. But if you are an experienced seamstress and have sew on more expensive machines, you will want more than this machine has to offer.
I particularly don't like the zig-zag stitch. I don't think that it is spaced out well enough; it is very condensed, almost like a satin stitch.
Overall, it is good for beginners."
I already have this machine so when I was looking at getting my grand daughter a sewing machine I bought her the same one I have.
"Its so easy to use. Not a  lot of setting up has to be done, it is as it is."
Pretty good basic machine for a beginner user
"Haven't done more than test out all the settings on the machine but so far so good.  I haven't touched a sewing machine in 15+ years and thus far this one has been very easy to use.  The instruction book that comes with it walks you through all the basics.  My favorite part so far is that it is small and light enough to store on the top shelf in my closet.
I can't wait to start a project on this zippy machine."
"My husband bought this for me for Christmas. I had literally never sewn anything before, and it took less than an hour after I had opened it, and I had already made two pillowcases! This machine was ready to sew straight out of the box, which was excellent for a beginner. After I became more familiar with the sewing machine, I decided I needed a ""better"" one so I purchased a Brother computerized machine for twice the price I paid for this one. While it was a good machine, it wasn't what I needed, so I gave it to my daughter and continued with my basic machine. Now I am upcycling clothing and this machine still performs wonderfully. It works on all thicknesses of material and still sews lovely stitches. Routine oiling and cleaning is a must, but other than that, I've had zero problems with it."
First time sewer and I'm in love with this machine. I've fixed all my ripped/busted clothes within a few weeks of owning. So easy to use and. I've sewed buttons on with it too!! Best purchase in a while. Strongly suggest for beginners
"Bought for daughter, very hard to put together.

Runs okay"
"Super easy to use, goes kinda fast,but I up off the foot pedal and it's perfect speed, use medium to expensive thread other cheap thread breaks, it's adjustable stitching and easy to use, I had it for almost 10 yrs and it still works perfectly"
"My husband bought this sewing machine for me and we received it the next day. Not only is it so much easier than the others but it does all the things I need with ease and so easy to use. I have tried other machines and gave up on them after using them for only a few days, I am not a advanced sewer and having retired not to long ago I wanted something to do in my spare time so I decided to make baby blankets this one is a great machine not only for a new sewer but I would think for a advanced sewer. I gladly give this machine a 5 star rating"
"This sewing machine is the most awesome I have had to date.  I have had a number of machines and this one was ready to go, I read the quick instructions on getting started and haven't had any problems at all.  I have made 4 huge stuffed toads and four quilts since purchasing this machine and it's been awesome!!!"
"I bought two of these for grandchildren to use when they come visit. Granddaughters age six and eight had no difficulty during a marathon quilt-making week-end, which included stitching cotton squares together but also machine quilting fleece backing and binding, which involved sewing multiple layers.  I've also used the machine quite a bit since. I like the light weight. My only complaint: I wish the cover to the needle works area was hinged. Instead, you have to unscrew the cover to gain access to this area."
Great sewing machine for a beginning sewer like me! Lots of features I have to learn but the basics are easy to pick up. The only issue I had was loading the bobbin and setting that up for the first time. I had to find a tutorial on youtube to help because the instructions were not clear at all. That is the only reason I am giving it 3 stars instead of 5. Otherwise it has been fine!
Perfect for a beginning sewer! Simple to use.
My 10 year old is learning to sew and enjoying this product!  Very easy for her to learn on.
great deal for the price
This is an extremely nice sewing machine.  It's not for heavy duty sewing but it's great for everyday sewing at home.  The size of the machine it great too.  It's not heavy so you can carry it any place you want without the weight.
"<div id=""video-block-RSU3ZNZG7RRUE"" class=""a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block""></div><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/A1JLbvWQTDS.mp4"" class=""video-url""><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/916LGBT8ELS.png"" class=""video-slate-img-url"">&nbsp;This was a Christmas gift for my mother in law and I've made a kind of fool of myself by giving her a defective unit.
The machine is unusable. It had a sticker which stated that it is INSPECTED, but it's broken big time. China made quality... we have to pay to send it back to warranty.
I used to have one of these in Europe, 9 years ago and it was good for the price but this unit is even lighter, poorer quality and obviously defective...

L.E. I managed the fix the bobbin case and now it works OK, but it's still a big flop to sell a defective sewing machine, IMHO"
Nice
"Simple to use without a lot of gadgets and computer stuff.  Used mostly for mending and simple projects.  My daughter liked using it, so it was a logical Christmas gift (her first sewing machine).  Light weight and easily portable. I also purchased the Brother 5300 Universal Carrying case for both our machines for ease of carrying and to keep the dust off when not in use."
Just a little honey does everything a guy could want..
I purchased this on Black Friday. I have a very old singer that is on it's last leg. I unfortunately still have this in the box. But I brought my bff one and she loves it. She sews everyday! I will break it in soon!
Glad I purchased this for my tailoring needs
Meh-It's been sitting in my closet for ages because every time I try to use it the needle breaks. I adjusted the tension and it still popped. Very frustrating!
Great sewing machine. I knew when I was buying a Brother product that the quality would be high. My fiance wanted to take up sewing and this was a great sewing machine for her. It came with an easy to reference manual and she was able to get set up quickly. The light makes it very easy to see when sewing and threading the needle and there are many options for the stitching. I would recommend this to anyone experienced or inexperienced with sewing. Great machine.
Instructions are not clear
Easy to use and sews through two layers of terry cloth very well. :)
My grand-daughters like it a lot.
I am happy with this product. I am concerned I haven't recieved my warranty yet though.
My 9 year old got this for Christmas it is very easy to use and is great quality
Ordered one machine for each granddaughter. They are thrilled. Was a great price before Christmas too.
I ordered this sewing machine right before midnight this past Friday night and it arrived on Sunday just after noon time....thank you Amazon Prime with free two-day shipping!!  I had gone out on Saturday and bought material in anticipation of its arrival.  It was so easy to set up and use.  I made curtains for my home office and my kitchen yesterday!  Easy-peasy!  I haven't sewn since high school (I just had my 35th class reunion)!  I highly recommend this sewing machine! :-)
"This machine is definitely for beginners. The controls are very simple and easy to use, but if you are used to having more control over your stitches, this can be frustrating. The machine as a whole is very easy to use and does simple projects very well. I like the machine and will definitely use it for many years."
Bobbin case or feeder acts up if you try to sew too fast.
"It is really diffiecult to use, the sting keep cutting. thinking of return it"
Got it as gift for a loved one and they love!
Love love love my new machine.  I am a beginner and had to download a few video tutorials... but this machine is easy to figure out.
Very nice
"Not amazing. Having problems with the thread breaking, bobbin jamming. If if would have tried it first, I would have chosen a model one or two steps up. Its fine to do a very basic job, like a hem, but much more than that and it gets a bit touchy. For the low price point, its not terrible. You get what you pay for"
works great. would recommend
"Prior to owning this machine I was deathly afraid of sewing, I had tried many times to operate a sewing machine resulting in holes in fabric the size of dimes, holes in my fingers, numerous broken needles, and an overwhelming sense of frustration and exhaustion. This product made me for the first time ever a confident seamstress. Within in a week of its arrival I had produced 25 dinosaur tails and belts from thin air. It was so easy to use, thread, and even replace the bobbin. I am not sure what engineering genius created this machine but he made me look good in front of my son's entire class and ignited a joy for crafty I haven't had in decades."
"We purchased this sewing machine for our daughter for Christmas.  So far, it has been a great little machine! I am not experienced with sewing, so I was apprehensive about setting this up for her.  The directions were clear and concise, and she was making pillows within about an hour.  It's lightweight and easy to use, as advertised.  My daughter has taken it with her to 2 sewing classes at a local craft store and she can thread the machine and do the bobbin on her own now.  Now we just need a carrying case for this machine!  It has all the functions a person would need for basic, everyday sewing and projects.  We have not used all of the features yet, but  so far we are very pleased with this machine.  The price and quality are excellent."
I love it! You don't need a fancy expensive machine.  This one gets the job done.  I've made plenty of outfits on this machine with no problems.  I've had it for over a year now.  Moderate use.
This is our first sewing machine.  It was easy to use and the price was great.
Excelente
Perfect...My wife loves it!
"purchased for my granddaughter, she was thrilled!"
joyfully received as gift
I'm a beginner and this works just fine for me.
"I purchased 3 of these machines for 3 of my granddaughters for Christmas. Their ages are 12, 10, & 8. I have spent the last 3 days teaching them how to sew and how to use their machines. I am extremely disappointed that I spent more time trying to keep them running properly as the top thread kept getting caught on the inside of the machine and breaking - this problem was shared by all 3 of them. The process of taking the screw out to get to the problem area was really hard and had to have help(from the girl's daddy). I will admit they did sew a little better for me, but I've been sewing for 40 years. It was a frustrating experience at times and I was a embarrassed by the quality or performance of the machine. I understand that these are bottom of the line machines, yet I still expected better from Brother. So, if you are looking for a machine, this probably isn't the one for young beginners and since I think they sew too poorly for experienced sewers, I'm left wondering why this machine is on the market, period. I think I might have had just as much luck with the cute little pink, less expensive, one, at least I wouldn't have expected much from those."
"I didn't know how to sew , but my neibor gave me some lessons and now l love it. Thank you so much!"
Very nice sewing machine for a begginer. Very basic and simple. I liked i really liked it the reason i returned it was because i wanted to get a more advance sewing machine. I will eventually like to learn to quilt and do more advanced stuff.
Excelent
Good
Fabulous
Easy too use and our daughter is thrilled with it!  First project is a thirst quilt.
"This is a basic sewing machine, but it has all the stitches necessary for all that we will use it with.  My wife loves it and can use it very easily."
It is very easy to use. I love it.
love it
"Very poor quality. I would be considered a beginner and I am not happy about this machine at all. Firstmachine was bad, New one they sent me was just as bad. Even if you are new to sewing buy a better machine"
Works great!  Light weight and easy to use.
"perfect sewing machine for light/medium users~
light enough to move it all around the house, quiet operation and lost of functions~"
Bought this for my young daughter who is fairly new at sewing.  Very easy to use!
"nice machine, my wife loved it. it does work and have no complains. Recommended"
TY
Works great... Now teaching myself to sew is the next challenge.
"My wife selected this machine as her Christmas gift.  She loves it.  It is small enough to be a handy portable, but it handles most fabrics."
Excellent
love it
"Good basic machine, good price. Can't go wrong with this!"
"I've had this sewing machine for 3 years and it has never worked well.  I'm finally giving up and buying a different one.  This machine regularly has problems with the bobbin and needle getting stuck.  I have read and re-read directions and made sure that everything is threaded and set up the way it should be.  I've had two 'expert' sewing friends tell me that everything looks good in terms of set-up, and that the problems I'm having are likely due to the quality of the machine.  I've only been able to sew a handful of items without any trouble over the course of three years due to the bobbin and needle getting stuck.  I would save yourself the headache of dealing with the frustration of this machine and spend more money on a higher quality machine that will last.  I'm finally able to admit I've thrown away $80 buying this machine."
Nice machine for price
"Well I am an adult using this machine and it is certainly not my first sewing machine. I have gone several years without doing much sewing, then when I retired found I still have an interest in sewing. So this machine basic as it is is perfect for me. The instructions are well written and cover lots of basic boo boos. Like I have said it has been sometime  since I have sewn. This machine is definitely  non threatening nor nerve wracking to use. So it is user friendly. I would recommend this machine to anyone who does not do a lot of fancy sewing. This has a zipper foot and a button hole and a button attachment foot. Machine also comes with darning plate and necessary tools with 3 extra bobbins. Fairly light weight and has a good light with it."
"I've used the machine for one project so far and it's a great basic sewing machine. It includes a back-stitch option, which I couldn't find when looking at some other machines. The instructions were simple enough for me, but I'm already familiar with setting up a sewing machine - winding a bobbin and threading the machine - so the instructions served as a reminder and provided details on how this particular machine works. If you're completely new to everything, you'll probably want to watch some videos or have some other kind of help.

The stitching is very easy to change - there is only one knob to deal with instead of having to change a tension knob as well. It comes with everything you need to get started besides thread - needles, presser feet, bobbins, and more."
"I love it. For straight stitching works great. Saw some reviews about tension issues but I've had no such problems. I've been sewing quilt squares. Minor issue with controlling speed with foot pedal but now that I'm accustomed to it, I don't have that problem. Part of it was my own fear because I had not sewn with a machine in awhile. It's easy to thread and use. I had it set up withing mibytes of unboxing it."
"I read the positive reviews and am surprised these users have the same machine as me.  Two hours and one you tube video later, still cannot get the bobbin threaded correctly to see anything.  This was a gift for my daughter and she really wants to see.  I am disappointed that we can't make it work."
got it for a friend.. she loves it.. easy to use.. and just perfect... Brother brand is the best... in all countries... not just USA... )) so its perfect gift..
easy to use. never sewn before and within a day i was making my own curtains
"(Y), thumbs up"
Good quality for my 11 yo sister's bday. She uses it all the time now.
"I've had this machine since I was a kid (over 12 years now) and it's fantastic. It was great to learn on and has made everything from small purses to a lined jacket, curtains, and piecing for beginning quilting. Portable enough to travel to college with me too. The only trouble it's ever given me is with thread breaking, but I think that's been more due to user error (wrong thread type or tension possibly.) Now that I'm getting more into quilting, I'm looking for a bigger machine, but I'll always keep this one around."
"Great sewing machine! It's lightweight, and simple to use. It comes with simple instructions that are easy to understand and also includes extra needles, a small screwdriver, and bobbins."
Gift for my daughter in-law and she loved it
Another great price
I bought this for my granddaughter who is 9 years old.  She loved the machine and it was easy for her to learn to operate.  We had a great time together making basic pillows to start.
"I got this for myself and loved it so much for its simplicity. I talked to my sister about this sewing machine and my sister wants one! Now, my sister and I have matching sewing machines. In a way, this sewing machine helps me stay in touch with my sister because I know a lot about sewing and she is a beginner. When she needs or wants help, she calls me! I am very pleased with this purchase"
I Got this for my niece for her birthday and she is thrilled!  So are her roommates.  A pile was quickly piled up in front of her of items that needed repairs.  She just loved the machine and the pile for her to practice on.
"Bought for my 9-year-old to begin sewing.  It is okay, gets hung up a LOT and she has to stop and untangle the mess.  She has gotten really good and re-threading and trouble shooting because of this.  Not really what you want in a sewing machine but I'm a silver-lining kinda person."
Great machine!  Been using it awhile now.
Awesome Product. Its very easy to set up and i enjoyed working with this. I recommend this to everyone.
great
"EDIT:  When I first received this machine it vibrated so badly it shook the entire table.  Some others reported the same thing. At that time I rated it 3 stars.  Amazon provided a direct-exchange and the second one works smoothly.  So if yours vibrates excessively, no need to put up with it.  Just ask for an exchange. Amazon is a great company and stands behind their sales.

Review:
I bought this machine for a different purpose than sewing (I wanted the foot-driven motor function), so I can't really review it as a sewing machine except to say the following:
* The machine is full size and heavy-duty.  Nothing cheap about this.
* I bought it for $50 during Black Friday and that was a great buy.  At the normal $80 it may still be a decent value.
* The machine is easy to set up and use.  Although I haven't sewn with it yet I've done enough sewing to recognize parts and pieces; this is an easy machine to use, with hardly any prep work (even the needle is already installed).  I believe a person could use this machine without reading any directions.  Still... read the directions  ; )

As a basic, bottom-line machine I'd have to say it's a very good value.  If one needs a better machine, Brother offers a wide range of capabilities / prices.  From what I've seen their $200 machine is pretty fancy-- and that's not a lot of money for a sewing machine."
Goood
"This has been a great machine-- it is cheap, and you can tell (e.g., it's light weight, and the parts are not as ""pretty"") but it is totally functional and works really, really well. I have had not a single problem with it (many fewer problems than with my mom's much more expensive machine, which is much more complicated as well!). A really great buy, I'm extremely pleasd with it, and it's perfect for someone just starting out."
Gave away.
Awesome just as described. Couldn't ask for more.
very easy to use
Christmas present
Perfect
"this is a good starter sewing machine,.I purchased it for my grand daughter as a gift. She is wanting to learn to sew, I feel this is going to be the perfect machine for her to learn on."
Instructions were not clear in set up.
"This is an amazing machine my wife has wanted a sewing machine for a very long time, this is just what she wanted at a VERY great price."
"I haven't sewn anything since the 1980s in Home Ec. I got this out of the box and was easily able to wind the bobbin, thread the machine, and get sewing following the simple directions. This is excellent for a beginner who just wants to do some simple projects. I made a quilted pillow the first day I got it. So glad I ordered it!"
Christmas present
Great product at a great price
Great for a beginner.  I purchased for my niece for Christmas.
"This is the perfect machine for a starter. I have waited to leave a review because I am new to sewing and I figured I might break it before now, but instead, it has held up magnificently against my ignorance. I am a visual learner, so I honestly googled more ""how to's"" than reading the manual, but this has been easy to find information on. It was super easy to learn how to use with minimal buttons and switches. I have been able to fix anything that I have messed up so far and truly love this product! It was very quickly shipped. Reasonable priced."
Great little machine for the price.
Good quality!
"excelent machine. Work very good, and brings with somes accessories."
Works wonderful.  Only thing can you please let me know what or where I can purchse needles for this machine?
Gift for my niece - she loves it - it's easy to use and a good starter machine -  I've had the same machine for years - never upgraded to anything else - no need -
Not as easy to operate as my old Singer
"I love this sewing machine, this is my first sewing machine I have ever had, I never sewed before, I was a bet hesitated, but after reviewing the instruction on the manual I got a clear picture of how to work the machine. Its basic so I would recommended it for those who are starting to sew. Helps me get my sewing project done, you learn more about the machine when you use it more."
LOVE IT!  EASY TO USE..... NOTHING TO PROGRAM LIKE A COMPUTER FOR SETTINGS.
i can only say that is been fun to learn how to use it :)
This was my first sewing machine ever. It's a pretty good starter machine but I wish it included other functions like being able to adjust the stitch length and width. Besides that it does what it needs to do
"Great sewing machine, since ts very small, it can be brought around anywhere in the house where it is needed"
"Great machine, easy to use.  Strong."
"AWESOME, I would buy this again. Great little machine"
"Purchased this on a whim for my wife, very easy to get into, and before you know it I was sewing with her. Highly recommend this as a first-time machine, the price for the settings and capabilities this machine has is fantastic."
"Bought this for my mom and thinking of giving this to her this coming Christmas! Gone are the days of ""old school"" sewing/weaving/knitting and I am sure that she is gonna be happy and pleased  with this!"
Ease to use.. Very heavy
This was also a very good buy! Very pleased with the product!
"Very good, but had problem with tread, so I had to take it to service."
Don't buy this one. It broke the first time I used it.
"As advertised. Works great, and easy to use. Price is right too."
Love it.  Great.
For a beginner I think this is a great sewing machine! As long as you take care of it the machine should last you for a while. :) This was my first sewing machine and I still use it now! I've had it for the past four years and it works great but my only problem is that it goes waaaaaay too fast and the zig-zag stitches jam up all the time. This was made for beginner projects so try not to use this for something major. Good luck with your future sewing projects!
I love This. Its inexpensive and simple to use.
ok so i'm told
Love this machine. It does everything it's supposed to do.
Love it!!! Easy to use!!
For the price it gets the job done. I bought this in 2015 and use it all the time!!!!!
Good one..
It came with thread in it.  I thought I was buying a new sewing machine.
"It is difficult to thread the needle.  But the machine is well-made.  My eyesight requires glasses for viewing small print and close, small work. With a great deal of patience I got it working...  now I don't want to remove the thread to put in another; I'm going to have to get creative and see if I can attach thread to current thread and pull through?"
"We bought this for my daughter and unfortunately did not get around to using it until after the return period had ended.  When we opened it and tried it, it did not work.  I guess this is why you should buy these kinds of things locally..."
Made the best decision. Very handy I love it!!
Love it!!
LOVE this machine! So easy to use! Comes with great instructions!
I love its simplicity & hoe the company has a trained  trouble shooting department ready to help you if needed.
Bought this as a gift for my mother she had a little trouble figuring out how to get the needle to not be loose and the stitching but once she did she loved it.
I gave it a one because that the only way I could write and tell you I bought that severyday  sewing and it never work every one who look and try and it does not work you should take that back and give us another other wise I will not by any thing from your store and Christmas is coming
Nice for beginners. I wish it had more sewing feet. I expected a bit more.
"Really easy to use, great for the price!"
"I have really enjoyed this incredible sewing machine.  It is perfect for the work that I need it for without any hassle.  The stitches are clear and precise and has made wonderful baby blankets for my baby niece. It has everything that I want in a portable sewing machine.
Completely Satisfied,
Robin"
"This machine bunches up in the bottom bobbin. It's a waste of money. I've owned it for seven months, and after about four months I had to replace it."
love this.
"Bought it for my mom, she has had it for about 6 months, loves it. She says she loves all the possible patterns you can use, she also says it is easy to use. :-)"
"Clearly I purchased the wrong machine. Upon further research, I see that this is a beginning machine for kids. I don't use it a lot, only for very simple projects.
As you can see, I bought it in January 2015, to replace a Singer machine (that lasted 15 years). It was immediately plain that it's a cheap, flimsy plastic unit, and I've twice had to purchase replacements for bobbin cases that just fall apart. This time the bobbin is stuck in the machine. I can see that if I try to pull it out I'm going to break the machine. I will be calling Brother for a replacement or repair, on them. I'd prefer to replace it with and upgrade to a much sturdier machine, so maybe I'll just ask for my money back.
Do yourself a favor and go for a slightly more expensive, better built machine. This one is pretty much a toy."
I wanted something simple and lightweight and this one is it.  I read some reviews that said the instructions were confusing but I disagree.
"I haven't done any sewing since my girls were in grade school (Now I'm Grandma.)  But, I like this machine, it does what I need.  I made some curtains for one of the bathrooms and they came out very well, no problems with my machine at all.  I recommend it for anyone who is not that at ease with sewing as it is easy to use."
Seems easy enough to use.
Easy to use
This is a great machine.  First time sewing and I figured everything out so far
"This was my daughter's purchase and I've never seen her happier.  She had never touched a sewing machine or a needle and thread - loves crocheting, but this was new.  She read the instructions, visited a dealer and listened - then she bought fabric, watched You Tube and made a skirt, then she made about 5 more to take with her on an extended trip...  They look great, machine no problem -  Thanks!"
Nice beginning machine.
The machine doesn't work well with jeans
Great beginner or simple sewing machine
"I suppose it would be good for a very beginning machine, but it is very limited and extremely loud. Mine got jammed right away too. If your a more advanced sewer, invest in a better machine. Brother has some a lot nicer."
Great Starter Machine
Sweet little machine.  Has everything you need and nothing more.  I just love it.  Haven't sewn since school and everything just came back. This is simple to use without all the unnecessary frills.  Awesome price!
Fantastic product! Highly recommended for those who are learning to sew. Very pleased customer here! A+
I love this sewing machine. I love it because it works very well and is affordable. This is a great machine for beginners and just a basic home machine for basic sewing. That's what I needed.  I just use it for simple projects and mending. It can probably serve a more enthusiastic sewer. I'd like to try more projects on it someday.
Excellent sewing machine for the price. Very easy to use
God sewing machine. Easy to use for beginners and experienced users.
Works great - even my 12 year old can sew on this machine.
The thread jams quite a lot. I wouldn't recommend if you plan on doing large amounts of sewing. For small projects though it works great.
Ended up lending this to a family member since I don't sew.  She seems happy with it.
love my new machine.  works well and very easy to use.
This is such a great sewing machine for those everyday sewing needs. I make dog neck scarfs and mending with this machine!  I truly love this machine as it is truly easy use for beginners or those of us that haven't used a machine for some time.  I must say the only thing I have trouble with is the front bottom piece that is removable. I have trouble with that every now and then.  This machine is easy thread! It is also easy bobbin threading! It is easy set up and very easy instruction.  I am very happy with my machine!
Was a gift. She loves it
The machine is very easy to use and came with instructions that are clear to understand. I have been able to teach both my girls how to sew on this machine and they love using it.
Love this lil machine. Gets the job done: bought it for my 5 year old and I use t too :-)
Very good quality item.
Use all of the time
"Very easy to use, is lightweight and compact. Has a great variety of stitches and a nice buttonhole setting. Wish the little removable hidey thing had a little door in it or something more practical than storing extra bobbins in a plastic bag and shoving it back in there though. Honestly, I would've given five stars if that was different because I tend to just keep that off rather than deal with getting the bag in just right to be able to close it. All in all though, it's a great machine and I haven't had any problems with it!"
"Okay so before I bought this I didn't even know how to thread a needle, at first I tried going through the directions but I need to see it to understand it so I looked up videos on YouTube and bam! I got it this sewing machine is big and works very we'll and the foot pedal makes it even easier. I'm very pleased that I bought this and now I have awesome homemade costumes!"
great gift
Item did not work
Nice to be able to modify my husbands clothes.
"Regarding a basting stitch, the manual mentions nothing about it, but basting can be done.  Set the thread tension to zero and select the longest stitch length.  After sewing, the bobbin thread can be clipped a few times with a seam ripper and readily removed.  Pulling out the top thread completes the job.  Return the thread tension adjustment to the normal position."
I'm very happy with this machine!!!
It's easy and I'm learning can't believe that I can say I'm sewing. I'm taking my time learning the sewing machine so haven't done much. I would recommend if you want to fix and do little projects here and there around the house and have in case you want to fix some clothes for the kids.
Purchased to replace a previous machine that was identical and that i literally wore out. I love the ease of using this machine.
Way too complicated for a beginner! I am returning it.
Easy use everyday sewing is just what I needed. I don't know how to deal with fancy settings and tension. This was perfect for hemming and easy sewing.
"I HATE this machine!  I've had 3 different sewing machines in my time that I loved and that were user-friendly, but this one is the worst piece of poo I've ever owned.  As other reviewers have commented, it has 2 speeds:  run for your life or couch potato - no in between.  The overall feel to the machine is cheap; the pedal is cheap; and my biggest pet peeve is that the threat constantly comes out of the needle.  I finally called Brother support to see if perhaps my needle tension setting and/or normal stitch thread settings were off.  They said no, but that I should ""change the needle"" (this machine has been used a total of maybe 7 times.  HUH?).  They also gave me the name and number for a certified Brother repair store.  I phoned them and was told that I need to hold the upper threat while sewing.  Fine, just let me grow a third hand!  Then I was told they'd be happy to fix it for me for only $169.  I told them that I only paid about $80 for it at Walmart, so that was going to be a happening thing.  I'm now trying to find a Pfaff........."
Easy to use and works great!
I am not an experienced seamtre4ss but this machine is easy to use I have R>A that affects my hands but I can use this machine with no difficulty this was first product I bought from AMAZON. The quality of product & quality of company personal touch have made me a confirmed AMAZON  customer. They take care of their customer in the old fashion way they EARN their business . THANK  YOU.
My teen daughter loves this sewing machine. It is easy for her to learn on and has more settings than other models of the same price. We have two Brother sewing machines at our house and are happy with both of them!
this product is amazing. thank you so much
I am just a beginner and I had no hard times using this sewing machine. Small but easy to use stuff.
"Works wonderful, easy to use and set up. If you are an advanced seamstress this will not have all the options you desire, but if you like to make basic things and repair clothes it works great! We have been using it for some time now with zero issues!"
"A good machine for clothing and light weight curtains or upholstery.  Not too heavy, stays in place when in use and light enough to pick up and store away easily.  Had to read the directions several times to get the threading correct.  I like it."
A nice sewing machine that is great for all tasks that I've tried on it.  Can't say I've really pushed the limits or anything though
Great machine for someone like me who just does simple stuff.  Lightweight and easy to set up.  I think it's an incredible value.
It came in good shape. Nothing damaged.
Great sewer for the price! I am a beginner and find this product to be easy to use.
"Despite some of the reviews stating there are some issues with this machine, I haven't had any. The tension is perfect and consistent, the pedal controls the speed of the machine accurately and overall it runs smoothly.  It really is a perfect beginners machine."
excellent product.
Best purchase ever!
"Bought two.  One worked; one didn't work at all.  Very light weight so scoots around a lot.  Tips easily when you adjust controls. Noisy. Otherwise, great for beginners or those who simply want a small, light weight machine for occasional sewing projects. I bought these to teach young persons how to sew at a community center.  When one didn't work, chaos ensued."
Very good for any mother
"So far I am so happy with this machine. I am a beginner at sewing and this machine is simply to use. It has jammed up a couple times, but I was able to fix in myself with the simple troubleshooting tips they provide in the manual. I also watched a few You Tube video tutorials. Looking forward to using it some more!"
"The stitch length is pre-set and there is NO REAL BASTING stitch. There are 5 pre-set straight stitches, from tinny-tiny to small. You can't change the length beyond that. So for heavy materials, removable basting, fine sheer fabric, etc. you are out of luck."
"1st to be clear I did not purchase my Brother from Amazon. But I have I had this make and model Brother and I love it. I even bought this machine second hand. Fifty dollars later on a professional tune up and this machine has been amazing. They only reason I am looking for a new machine is I am advancing on my sewing skill and just want a machine that has more button hole and stitching choices. I have no intentions of getting rid of my Brother. I think this a perfect machine for beginning sewer, self taught or classes."
So difficult to thread -- makes hand sewing more desirable!
Excellent!
"This was my first machine ever bought. As someone who never finds clothes that fit correctly (medium in the length and shoulders, XS in the waist), I needed a machine that would allow me to easily do alterations. I usually jump for the biggest value (if I spend $50 more dollars I would get a machine worth $400 more!), so it was hard for me to buy this instead and save my money.

Thankfully, I regret nothing! This machine is great. It was fun trying to figure out how the bobbin works and how to load it properly. The sensitivity on the foot peddle is fun to get just right and once you get going, the machine runs fairly smoothly. This machine has already paid for itself multiple times over in just a couple of days, compared to the tailoring costs for the amount of clothes that I've fitted.

Do not fall for shelling out for machines with 50+ stitches you'll never use. If you are looking for a first machine, this one is good."
"Super easy to use, love love love it!"
I was pleasantly surprised at how well this held up! I used this machine to sew a fur coat and it worked very well!
"its a good sewing machine, but its not so easy to use as it say it is.
the day i got it the instructions made me even more confuse then i was before"
Its a great machine and I am not a beginner but I use it because it is simple and it has all the stitches you really need to get anything made. This is my second one...my first one got stolen and was still working great after a few years :-) So I went out looking for the same one and I found it :-)
The machine works well and was here on time.
"Great for bbc.co e
Great for beginners..bought this f o r my 7 year old niece"
I don't know how to sew but this is a great sewing machine I love it and I can't wait until I learn to sew.
"I'm used to using a 100 year old machine, but since I don't have room for the whole cabinet thing in my room, I got this one. Wow! I never knew threading a machine could be so easy! It sews well with a tight stitch. It even sews denim. It's not heavy. It comes with a lot of extra doo-dads like a buttonhole stitch and zipper foot. I would definitely recommend this to anyone. So simple to use."
not a very good machine
Perfect!
"After several uses without any previous skill on sewing machines, we've been able to sew just about anything we've wanted. This machine is very simple to use, compact and reliable, even after bending some needles on it."
"Love this machine, very happy that I finally found a sewing machine that gave me everything I wanted, very easy to use. I could fix things for my grandchildre, I make bedding and curtains, I will recommend to friends and family. It arrived on the estimated date I was told, I am happy that I brought this sewing machine, I will buy from this seller again...Thank you...."
"Wow!  First of all, I do not sew.  I don't know the least bit about sewing.  I got this machine because I wanted to be able to fix pieces of clothing like making my tees fit better.  I set it up correctly by watching videos on YouTube and was able to fix some shirts to my liking using videos as well.  I am so happy and proud of myself.  I can buy clothes I like even when I know they don't fit well because I can tailor them myself.  This machine is great for novices like me."
Super economical and practical. I love it!
"I am learning to sew for the first time, and have tried a few projects on this machine, so I feel that I can give it a fair review. My lack of skill aside, this machine was easy to thread. I did have issues with the lower bobbin case popping out of the machine, but it's an easy fix if you mess with it for a minute or two. The deal-breaker for me is the foot pedal control. If you apply light pressure, the machine makes a whirring sound but does not sew. If you apply anything beyond that, it takes off very quickly. As a beginner, it was hard for me to work with the speed that fast, especially when the 1/4"" mark is basically right at the edge of the foot. It was very frustrating. I think I actually prefer sewing by hand to sewing at such a fast speed. I thought about looking for another foot pedal with better sensitivity to pressure, but the pedal and power plug are on the same cord, so it does not seem to be compatible with other foot pedals. This machine might be fine if you don't have issues sewing very quickly."
"I am a Brother sewing machine fan. Some years ago I bought the cheapest Brother machine at Walmart.

An anecdote: I had a boat and was making a cover from one of those common blue plastic tarps. Everything was going well until the sewing machine suddenly banged and jumped like crazy. I examined the underside of the tarp and found the machine had stitched right through a large brass grommet. (that's two layers of brass) There was the stitching - THE NEEDLE HAD NOT BROKEN - AND THE THREAD WAS STILL INTACT."
Bought for my 12 year old daughter a a beginner machine.  She uses it all the time and is having a good time this summer sewing different projects.
Great machine.
i haven't had it for a year and already making problems.
My wife uses it and likes it.
Everything was right on time....
"Happy with this purchase.  I needed a basic sewing machine, and for the price this model has great features.  I've used it to hem several pants and alter other clothes.  Haven't done much with it since I received the item, but I plan to use it more often. It's not too heavy and is small enough to store away if you need to.  Very easy to use, and easy to follow instructions."
a decent sewing machine for mending .i haven't tried anything else yet
"Excelent sewing machine, fast delivery"
Wife cannot get this thing to stop jamming the threads.  Mfg customer service helped over the phone with no luck.  Its just collecting dust now.
Perfect!!
Great product! I love it. I am at beginning level and the sewing machine has all the function I want. I am very satisfy with the good quality at this great price.
"If you have never used a sewing machine than this is not for you - you need to be familiar with how the machine shoudl work so you can get it working for you. It was inexpensive and looks good but that is all. Fortunately I need it very seldom and so I work around the issues like breaking thread, not working consistently, etc."
"Easy to use, I'm not a sewing person. First project was to sew our drapes together. Paid for it's-self allready."
So far I like my machine. The instructions are clear and in simple language. As I am teaching myself how to sew is sure it won't be long before I love it.
very good products.
"This is my first sewing machine.  the instructions were easy to follow, but I don't like that I have to unthread it to wind the bobbin."
This machine is not worth the money!  I refuse to teach students wanting to learn to sew on it as it and the next model price higher have too many limitations.
"I have wanted a sewing machine for years but was so nervous that it'd be too complicated to use.  When I saw this one for the price, I decided to jump on it because I know that Brother sewing machines last FOREVER. I decided to start with some easy project (simple curtains and pillow cases, along with some light tailoring) and it was SO easy.  The directly easily show you how to wind a bobbin and thread the machine.  I love it, and my curtains and pillows look SO professional and I know I saved a ton of money doing it myself (throw pillows alone would have cost $50+, not to mention the custom made curtains).

I 100% would recommend this machine to any casual/beginner sewing enthusiast ^.^"
amazing for the price. great buy
I've spent more on a piece of trim for my car. Now I have to learn to sew cause she won't. This machine makes me want to try.
Shahs.  Jake.  Hans.  Anshan.
I love it. Works great on basic project for a beginner like me.
"does what I need it to do, and very portable"
"the bobbin keeps falling out
junk would like to return it, replacement
this was purchased at amazon, i am a prime member"
I do not know how to sew and the last sewing machine I worked with was in Home Economics (I will not tell how long ago that was) but needless to say I know nothing about a sewing machine.  right out of the box I was able to start sewing!  I made multiple little pillows and bags the first night.  it is easy to wind the bobbins and thread.  the foot pedal takes some getting used to but is very easy to operate.  I was looking for a small machine that was not complicated and this definitely fits.  Three days later I am making small dolls and animals from patterns I got on the internet.  They are not great but that is operator error not the machines fault!  I am learning how to control the foot pedal and sew along complicated lines.  I am very impressed with this machine and I highly recommend it to anyone who wants to learn to sew or just have a small machine around for repairs and small projects.
Haven't sewn in years but I find the machine easy to use. Great buy and love the workmanship. Would highly recommend this product.
perfect thank you
Well worth the price.
"I have had this machine for several years and I am very happy with it. Sews through denim with no problem at all (as long as you use a denim needle), and even though the manual says to use only the provided (plastic) bobbins, I use only my standard metal bobbins without a single issue. The owner's manual is a bit of a headache. Too confusing having all the multiple languages. How about just one or two, and then make it available for download in the other languages? Just a suggestion. Terrific sewing machine for the money!"
"I was so excited for this machine. I wanted to love it, and spent hours trying to do so. Even after scrutinizing the instruction manuals and looking over every YouTube video posted for how to get the machine to actually sew a stitch, I couldn't get the darn thing to work! My advice is that unless there's a seasoned sewer in your household, please don't assume you're going to be able to use this thing day one out of the box. I'm probably the exception rather than the rule with this machine, I'm sure others have had great times with it, but it's just tremendously difficult for someone who's had no exposure to it prior, and hunting for how-to videos and using the manuals is ultimately just going to be frustrating."
Very nice.  Satisfied with machine
"Works fine, no problems"
"Very nice, simple and easy to use sewing machine. I really like the little extras it came with like extra bobbins and tiny screwdriver. Shipping was fast even with standard shipping. Works great!"
Gooo
"Simple, fast, accurate and clean stitching.  Don't bother with out a Brother; this is the perfect sewing machine."
Not happy at all.  If I had the box I would I send it back.  Shocking since Brothers products are super.  I followed all the directions and the bobbin threads just kept jamming and had to cut the scrap material each time.  I have been sewing for years and never had a problem with Kenmore or Singer machines.
Completely satisfied!!
"I only got to thread the bobbin, after that the foot pedal stopped working.  A Christmas gift in December that I didn't open and attempt to use until March, much to my chagrin the return window had closed."
"Great machine, great price. Love it."
This machine works well.
Great product! We love it!
"Excellent very pleased with the delivery product, fully recommend"
This is perfect for beginner sewing.
3 hrs spend for settings)). Rest everything is good.
"Sewing machines stress me out. Bobbin threading, in particular, sends my anxiety level through the roof. This machine, though? It's SO EASY TO USE. I didn't have to pore over YouTube videos to get started, and it was all threaded and ready to rock in no time. I would give this six stars if I could."
"Very nice sewing machine.  Easy to use, perfect for
my kind of easy does it sewing.  I purchased it after reading the
Amazon reviews.  It was rated very well, and I give
it the same review"
Daughter is sowing up a storm.  She loves it.
"Excellent product and excellent seller, from Venezuela recommend it!"
"I purchased this sewing machine for my granddaughter so I could teach her how to sew. The machine is pretty basic and thats exactly what I wanted what I am disappointed with is the fact that the whole thing that holds the bobbin in keeps coming out. It clearly locks in place but for some reason every now and then the whole thing falls out as if it had never been locked in place. She does not live close to me so its not like I can just drop what I am doing and run over there to fix it. So consequently it has been discouraging for her to learn how to sew on it.

Would I recommend this sewing machine to anyone... no not unless there is somebody in the home with experience on sewing machines."
"I had high hopes for this machine, as it seemed to have every feature I wanted.  However, I could not thread it, no matter how many times I tried.  I have almost 60 years experience using sewing machines, and have never had a problem before.  I even watched instructions videos on youtube, to no avail.  The thread take-up lever seemed to be missing or invisible, and I just could not catch it.  I am returning the machine."
I have bought two of these one for me and one for my sister.  We are happy with both of them.  They are easy to thread and function correctly.  The tray for the containment of items is really small though and the bobbin winder can be a trick sometimes as the pin tends to retract.  All and all it is a consistently good item that works as expected.
"I have not sewed in over 20 years and with this machine it is very easy. It's very easy to load and operate. It
gives you a step by step for loading and sewing. It's so easy  to operate that anyone can do it."
Item was missing a critical part so it sat in my basement for the past year and I gave it to someone else who sews and they were able to find the part somewhere and finally get it to work.
"Easy to use, especially once you get the hang of it. I'm new to the sewing world and this was my first attempt with sewing. I made a pillow cover as my first project. It looks great and it couldn't have been easier to do."
so far so good
"A great machine for someone learning how to sew. It's easy to use, and easy to understand. I've had it for about a year and I use it a lot to make quilts and pillows for everyone.  The only problem I have with it is it has two speeds, off and way faster than I want to go. Its a bit hard to control the speed, but I definitely recommend this machine."
It was broken when we received it.  We have had difficulty returning it.  This has been going on since Christmas!
My mom loveeeee it !
Excelente!
Love it!!!
"This is a good basic machine for a beginner or to keep as a machine for an infrequent sewer.  Does the job, but I don't think it will last a lifetime."
great machine to learn on.
Love it and easy to use.
thread keeps breaking but other than that its good
Works like a charm.
Did the job
"This works so well! Light, portable, simple, easy. I'm a beginner and it was great for me."
"My 11-year-old daughter can easily work this sewing machine.  I am not a sewer, so she had to learn it all on her own.  It works great!"
"Terrible bobbin problems. Ii even had parts replaced, works as bad as before.  I purchased a singer and love it."
"I enjoy creating gowns in the virtual world of #secondlife ... So when my niece asked me if I could really make that gown... I  said yes.  She then asked me to make her a mermaid costume to swim in... I needed something affordable and easy to use. The Brother LS2125i was under $80 and I watched a few youtube videos on how to operate the machine, (the manufactory instructions are not clear). I love this machine... I haven't been able to stop using it. I also my hemmed curtains (the seamstress wanted $30 a panel... I'm on number 4 panel ... the sewing machine paid for itself...but most importantly it helped me with a priceless gift for my niece... who believes I placed pixie dust on it in order to learn how to sew). Thank you"
It's a basic sewing machine for family needs.
Very limited experience in sewing and this machine is perfect!  Instructions are very easy to understand and operating is super easy.
easy to set up and use
"I bought this for my seven year old daughter.  It is perfect for her, or any beginner.  It will do all your basics at a really affordable price.  It runs very smoothly and gives good results, it is easy to learn how to use and take care of.  It is everything you'd want in a starter machine, and really it will last for years to come."
"Great product at a very reasonable price. It was exactly what I needed. Used it to hem denim jeans, performed flawlessly."
"Great and easy to set up, my wife watched one video on You Tube and was sewing instantly!"
Great machine for home use
"was for husband, he likes it okay, easy to use, and light weight to store"
"I purchased three (3) of these machines for my (3) thirteen year old granddaughters. They used the ""toy/mini"" machines in the past.  Each one loved their gift.  I have always sewn and they have seen this, so it is just a part of them that comes naturally. We love them."
"Easy to thread, easy to operate, doesn't slide around when using the pedal at full speed - love this machine!
love the variety of stitches available and that there is more than one option for button holing"
"I'm a beginner sewer. I took a chance and bought it because it was affordable. I'm very happy with it. The instructions were easy to follow, within one hour I knew how to thread the machine and load the bobbin. Within two hours I was practicing different stictches. This machine is very lightweight and easy to use. I wish it came with a case, but it seems like Amazon doesn't sell the machines with a case...

Oh, and be careful with the packaging! I opened mine in my dining room and a moth flew out!"
"I enjoy this machine, it does all the things I need it to do"
Great machine for home sewing products
I love this machine.  I have had a Brother machine before.  It is very easy to use and lightweight too.
Good
"This is a very nice sewing machine.
Functional and easy to use.
Carol"
I have used this sewing machine every day and have enjoyed how easy it was to operate
ok
"Bought one, loved it. Bought a second one to gift. It is plenty for non-fancy sewing projects, e.g., making a table cloth. There are a lot of attachment feet you can buy on Ebay to make it fancier."
Easy to use. Great for  begginers
I love this machine! It works like a charm and is great for regular household sewing. I would recommend this product to anyone looking for a machine that makes will be used for everyday sewing.
"This machine is garbage. At such a low price, I should have known I wasn't getting a good machine. I swear it's like this machine has a built-in auto-jam feature. It is not top load bobbin fill. It's side fill. It's completely awkward and sews like s***. I'm going now with the more expensive Brother CS6000i which is much more promising."
It is exactly what I expected
Great product
I haven't had a chance to really use it yet.  So far so good
The sewing machine pretty much ment my expectations. Its easy to thread and since it is used mostly for heming  pants it does the job well. I guess the only thing I don't care for is where the foot lift is located but this is a minor objection. It was easy to set up and adjust.
"Absolutely impossible to figure out.  It is constructed like Barbie's sewing machine. The diagram really makes no sense to me, but I have been attributing all this to the unusually low price."
Pretty basic machine but works fine with no tangles.  Great for small projects.
"Excellent product for price. Of course it cannot compete with my Pfaff, but for a beginner it is great. Some of the typical required sewing features are awkward to use, but it is a great way for a beginner to learn how to work with the kinks in their machine. It is best if an experienced sewer can sit next to the beginner to let them know that the machine is operating properly but just isn't the Mercedes that Oma earned after decades of sewing. Very, very nice weight! Important to those who want to inhibit the movement of their machine while sewing."
good
We had an old sewing machine. This one was real good and simple enough for my mom!
Love it
Works exactly as described and price was low.
Excellent product and service!
Perfect machine for someone who's never sewn and hates complicated instruction books.  Completed years' backlog of mending in an hour!
very easy to use even for beginners
"Gave this as a gift to a beginning sewer, & it was just right.  Easy to use, not so many options to make it overwhelming."
great for every day
"VERY GOOD MACHINE FOR THE PRICE,RECENTLY MOVED TO A SENIOR APTARTMENT AND HAD TO GET RID OF MY FACTORY SEWING. THIS CAN'T COMPARE TO THE FACTORY INDUSTRIAL SEWING MACHINE, BUT IT GET'S THE JOB DONE.JUST STARTING TO GET TO KNOW IT, NOW HAVE TO GET MOVING TO GET SOME PROJECTS TO DO. VERY SATISFIED WITH THE BROTHER MACHINE."
This thing is great!
"Did not work. Would not sew more than three stitches with out the top thread breaking, was not a tension issue. Also would by sew backwards"
"This is my first sewing machine of my adult life. It was fairly easy for me to pick up, although while I was learning to thread the machine I thought the instructions could use a little more clarity. I would advise other newbs to read the instructions carefully, and cross-reference the instruction book with the quick-start guide."
Very easy to use. We bought it for our 8 year old daughter and she's been able to work with it without much hassle. Very happy with our purchase.
Seems to get the job done.  Good investment for me!
Perfect beginners machine. My 5 year old uses it with help.
just what I needed. works great for what I need thanks
Perfect. Easy to use.
"I ended up returning this sewing machine, as the foot control was light-weight and not long enough.  I contacted Brother and there wasn't a replacement for it.  It has great tools for the price, but the foot control is an item where quality shouldn't be cut."
inexpensive and easy to use
Excelente
Love it!
excellent
"So happy with this.  The only problem I had was threading the bobbin, but thanks to youtube.  Using it like crazy now.  Much cheaper than throwing out an item , or taking it to the cleaners when I can do it myself, considering I grew up with my mom and grandma using a singer machine."
"This machine is fantastic!  Bought it for my 12-year-old granddaughters, and they started using it right away.  If I ever need a new machine, I will get one just like it!"
"works very well, easy to operate,reasonable quality and price"
It was gift for a child. Seems ok
"I can't sew.

Oh wait, YES I CAN!!!!! This machine had great reviews (by people who were great at sewing) saying that it was a great machine for beginners, or a backup for big-time sewing mavens.

Well, let me tell you, the instructions, which are in AMERICAN ENGLISH along with understandable graphics (whaaaat?!?!), made it easy enough for me to pop out of the box, thread and start stitching (I made slipcovers for my pallet sectional sofa. My fabric was a heavy vinyl backed damask (discarded chirch curtains) and that thing made easy work of the job.

I remember the joy of threading my mom's old machine, which is one of the reasons I don't sew. This one allows you to route the thread where it has to go without much trouble. Oh and the bobbin really does do that thing where the thread is supposed to come up. The bobbin compartment is also set up in a way that you can only insert it the correct way (I know, I checked!).

So...l I am thrilled with my purchase. I look forward to making some little pillowcase and hank or dresses for my granddaughter, maxi skirts for myself, and then:

 JUST MAYBE maybe You'll see me on an upcoming season of Project Runway :-)"
Wonderful
"great, easy to use"
Got this for 10 year old grand daughter. Works great. She had issue at first with bobbin wind. Now she is sewing every piece of cloth that is big enough for doll clothes.
"This machine works for so many people I thought it was just me. Maybe I was doing everything wrong. After dealing with this machine for a full year, I'm ready to give up. It has all the problems people talk about. Doesn't hold tension, thread tangles, thread breaks inside the machine. I can sew a pair of doll pants by hand faster than with this machine because it takes so much fiddling to get one good seam. I've tried all the troubleshooting tips I've ever read. Nothing works. I'm getting a new machine."
Easy to use I have stitch 4dresses I will wear I bought needle threader I just wish I knew how to hem using the sewing machine
"The machine runs rough and halting rather than smoothly - not sure why people think it is good for beginners. The plastic and overall quality seem cheap to the extreme.  I bought it because of rave reviews in Cool Tools, but wish I had investigated more thoroughly.  I don't want bells and whistles, just a basic smooth responsive machine.  Welcome recommendations for a better machine from serious ""basic"" sewers out there."
Great machine! I bought it for my 9 year old niece who is a beginner and she was able to use it right away without looking at the instructions. Great design.
"A great machine for beginning sewers.  I have taught a two-week sewing class to high school students once per year for several years.  Only recently have I had any trouble with a couple of the machines.  They take quite the beating with these beginning sewers, so I would imagine they would last much longer on someone that actually takes care of it!"
"This was a gift for someone who hasn't sewn since childhood, and just wanted a basic machine to do small projects, hems, and such, and she loves it."
good beginner machine. I have to spend a lot of time rethreading the componants. and has a tendency to preak needles.
"Very happy with this machine! Great price, really easy to use, and surprisingly versatile. I do pretty basic sewing projects anyway, but 10 stitches is plenty for my uses and it's really nice to have the buttonholer, free arm option, and accessories. The feet are so easy to switch out! Some people might need more advanced options but I definitely recommend it!"
Very easy to operate. First time users can find a step-by-step instruction video on YouTube.
"I purchased this machine as my first sewing machine right after christmas. I am a beginner and thought this would be perfect as it states it's easy to use. I was so clueless with the directions that my husband had to set it up for me. The directions are written very poorly. After initial set up it was easy to use. However the thread is constantly getting stuck or tangled in both the top and the bobbin. I'm having to take the machine apart several times during one project to untangle thread. It's quite annoying. This machine is also loud. I have 3 kids so I would prefer something quieter so I can hear them.

I have made several items on this machine that have turned out really good (pillowcases, purses, burp clothes). But I think I want something more advanced."
"Great starter machine.  If you are looking to hem and do light sewing this is perfect.  That is the key, this not a professional machine, this is for light sewing.

Easy to thread, easy to use.  The only problems  getting the tension right once in a while and the foot pedal is kinda plastic-lightweight.

Great buy for beginners, people who just want to hem or do small projects, this is not the machine for your etsy sweatshop or costume manufacturing business.

For the price this exceeded my expectations and then some."
It was very simple for my 9 year old grandaughter to start learning on. She just loves it
"Grand daughter loves it, she make me an elephant pillow, loves learning to sew"
"Nice machine, easy to use.  The only thing I don't like is the reverse feature.  You have to continually hold the reverse button down when going in reverse, so you only have one hand left to maneuver the item you are sewing.  The reverse lever should latch in so you can use both of your hands to control the item you are sewing."
Nice sewing machine! I got this for my grandmother and she loves it.
"So far so good, Only used twice, but it meets her needs. None of the fancy gadgets on this one, but adequate for your mending needs."
"Do not waste your money on this machine/model. Not even when paying a private sewing teacher to help we could make it work. Much better investment to spend more for something that works properly and doesn't get you frustrated! We bought a Singer to replace the Brother, big difference. Singer is much better."
"said it was child friendly.  I have sewn for over 50 years and managed a sewing shop. My only machine now had been an industrial Nakajima. Just wanted a machine for light duty as my 40 year old Necchi finally had enough after sewing outdoor clothes for family of 5 and chinks and panniers for outfitting business. The brother is terrible to thread and oiling is a nightmare. I cannot see young children liking to sew if they have to deal with that.  What happened to user friendly machines.  It will do the basics for me which is what I wanted, but my Nakajima will still be my machine of choice."
"User friendly, and works like a charm!  My sister bought the same one (but older model) about 15 years ago, and her is still going strong.  I am hoping mine will last the same amount of time."
just what you need. simple machine that works well
This is great for someone just learning to sew.
"Really great machine, super simple to use. Having a ton of fun doing all the  projects I've been putting off forever."
"Well worth the money. I was looking for a simple machine for occasional repairs, and making curtains, or putting in a zipper. Works like a charm. Threading is easy and so is the bobbin. Sometimes the top stitch doesn't pick up the bottom thread when you first start with a new bobbin, and takes a couple of tries. Other than that, it makes me want to actually try sewing things from patterns again."
Thanks
Easy to set up and use. Great value for the money. Like the selection of stitches.
ok
"I'm a complete beginner, so based on the reviews & my simple needs so far...I chose this machine.
Everything is as promised & in good shape. Was looking for lightweight- unlike my grandma's machine- it fits the bill!!!
It was very difficult to follow the instructions/pictures- 3 of my sewing friends tried to help setup & couldn't figure it out. I finally found a friend who understood the instructions & machine (having a similar one). So, not as easy to setup as I would have liked, but I think w practice will not be so bad! This is prob more due to me being a beginner. It's a little sensitive to very slight changes in fabric width, but overall...I think a great purchase & great price! I just need to practice & learn more. I'd say- taking a beginner class would be a good idea with it, but not totally necessary for everyone- I'm sure!"
just as expected!
It is a good sewing machine. We don't have to do a lot of trouble shooting. It just works
Great Product. As described.
Easy to use!
"This Brother sewing machine is a good, basic sewing machine.  I've found it easy to work with and easy to use.  It's a good buy for someone who just want's to sew without the extra's."
Great product overall.
Excellent!!! We love it and everything works great
Perfect for beginner or seasoned sewing.
ok
I bought this for my mom and she loved it. All the function and appearance are pretty much cover all your need. Good product from Brother. Cheers!
Great Item And Price. Thanks!
LIGHT WEIGHT AND IS EASY TO USE  WOULD RECOMMEND
I have only done basic stuff on it thus far. There was a slight learning curve due to me not using a sewing machine in the last 10 years. I liked it though.
"The sewing machine is simple and inexpensive, but works very well. The stitching is even, the machine is very easy to use.  I bought one for myself, and both of my daughters.  Perfect for ""every day"" sewing."
"I was looking for a sewing machine that could help me to do alterations. I was deciding on whether LS2125i or XL6000i would better suit my needs. After comparing the details and trying on LS2125i, my opinion is the LS2125i is a more suitable machine for my needs because of one single (and very important) feature: I can raise the foot further up to accommodate thicker fabrics.

I altered denim jeans, flannel p.j., t shirt, cargo pants, etc. using this machine successfully. Watched some videos, bought some needles and threads, and got myself blind stitch and overlock feet. The trick with thick material is to hand sew when approaching thick seams (especially the inner seams for jeans, broke some needles and I learned my lessons).

All in all, if you are a beginner looking for a machine that can help you to explore your creative side, the XL6000i is better because it offers you more fancy stitches and it's one-step buttonhole creation is almost automatic. But if you are like me, who wanted to get a machine solely to do alterations, I need only a couple of stitches: straight, zig-zag and blind stitch (nothing fancy is needed), then the Brother LS2125i fits the bill."
it's just what I wanted
"Got this as a special deal, arrived in 2 days, it is a simple, basic machine and exactly what I needed.  Setup was easy, I've already used it 3 times."
"I'm so impressed with this sewing machine! It's sturdy, works great and was such a great price. Simple to use and gets the job done! I just love it. I wish it had a handle but I can live with that. Great value!"
So simple to use and it has more than enough stitching choices.
"Purchased as a Christmas gift for my granddaughters.  Sewing on it was noisy.  It didn't always start with the foot pedal being pressed, but the hand wheel had to be moved--some times several turns.  Disappointing for first time sewers as it does not readily start sewing."
Purchased as a gift and the person loves it.  Works better than expected.
"If you don't need all the bells and whistles that come with a lot of sewing machines these days, this one is great. It is easily portable and sits on a table, no cabinet needed. It is very easy to use and does everything I need it to do. I don't use lots of fancy stitches and I don't like having to make continual adjustments. Just thread and go! I've had more complicated machines in the past and found that I never used half the features. Highly recommended."
Bought two of these for our young grandaughters and they love them!  Perfect!
"great machine, my 10 year old can sew anything with this!"
"very good for a beginner. Parts seem a little ""loose"" but it works pretty well."
Love it.  No problems.  Easy to use.
It's really loud
"This machine works great.  The only thing that I feel is a design flaw is the fact that one of the ""eyes"" that the thread goes through when threading the needle is not accessible as it could be.  I've been able to work around this and otherwise I've been enjoying using this machine for basic sewing.  Have also made some curtains with it.  Very lightweight and portable."
This has given me nothing but problems.  I am constantly having issues and having to rip seams because it just does not sew properly.  Save your money and buy something better.
works great!
works great!  easy to use
I love this machine! Just wish I hadn't waited so long to buy it. I had an old Singer before. This one has handled all material I have tried. My only problem is I haven't yet figured out how to use the needle threader.
Does all the basics plus.
"I have the Brother XR9500PRW and love it. Did not realize how good it is until my wife bought this one for my 7 year old daughter. To begin with I did not like that I have to take the machine apart to replace to bottom spool. Does not do letters or fancy paterns which my daughter loves. Does not have the electronic speed control (very convenient for learners) and not as quiet as the Brother XR9500PRW.
If a friend was contemplating buying this machine based on price, I'd give her the difference to buy the Brother XR9500PRW. I think this machine will be at Goodwill in new condition soon."
Item was bought as a gift. Great price and super fast shipping
"Well, it's definitely lightweight, but not as Easy-to-Use as I would like.  I bought this as a first machine for my 12 year old daughter, who is just learning to sew.  We had a heck of a time threading it to get started, and have continued to have issues with the tension and the bobbin, making for some frustrating experiences.  Now that we have most of the quirks figured out, we are doing okay with it.  You'd think, though, that in this day and age, there must be an easier way!  We need technology to jump in on the sewing game, I think!"
Bought this for my wife so far she likes it. Small light weight and very portable.
I was very pleased
"I bought this machine for my 8 year old granddaughter who showed a keen interest in sewing last summer.  This machine was easy to set up and within an hour of opening the gift she was practicing her stitches.  It's easy to thread and change bobbins.  So far she has made several items, developing her skills along the way.  She made gifts for Christmas, including coasters, an apron, hot pan holders and an American Girl skirt.  She's working on a pillow case now.  I love the machine myself and I'm thinking of getting my own.  No complaints at all."
"It is a quality, basic sewing machine.  It does all the basic functions and is easy to understand."
"Good gift sewing machine for a seven-year old girl learning to sew.  Easy to use and thread. Not a toy.  After research on the top 10 sewing machines for kids, this one was recommended.  It's easy to thread even without reading the kid reading the manual. Other reviews about children having problems threading must not be reviewing the same machine.  Diagram of thread flow is on top of the machine to carry the thread through points down to the needle in seconds.  Easy as jump rope."
This was a daily deal...good buy for a beginner sewer.
"I bought it for my 10 year old daughter after much research. However, it is too complicated for a beginner especially a child. To thread the bobbin is very difficult and the directions are terrible. We even resorted to youtube. I bought in October (to spread out the cost of Christmas presents) so I can't return it even though it's brand new. Now, I'm shopping for another sewing machine. Buy a different sewing machine and save yourself the frustration."
Has held up well and easy to thread and use
So far love this machine. Great for my projects.
"Bought this machine for my 12-year-old granddaughter who learned to sew in school.  She learned how to use it very quickly.  There are a few plastic parts that should have been metal, but otherwise, it's a good machine for a beginner."
"This is a Christmas gift and I started using it right away.  I can't  give enough cudos to let you  know much I love it.
Operation is much easier than my old machine and I will let my friends know how happy I am.  I will definitely
consider future Brother appliances.  Thank you for the opportunity to share my satisfaction."
Works lime a charm!
So far it works well. I like it.
I own a brother sewing machine 25 years ago and it just went bad about three years ago. Hence the reason why  I bought another one.
Nice.
Spend about $70 to save $70+.
"Right out of the box this machine did not work.  The needle would not move when the peddle was pressed.  Tried everything and then called Brother and was told the machine would need servicing.  It's a brand new machine, so I attempted to do an exchange but was only able to request a refund.  Very disappointed as this was the ""big"" item for Christmas."
Love this!
"Initial review, this machine runs heavy, and the bobbin sounds loose.  No machine oil was included, so I will purchase and oil the machine update my review."
"This was a Christmas gift for my 8 year old grand daughter. What a hit! Easy to set up, complete instructions easy to read. Machine ran so smooth and no problems. SHE LOVED IT. I do sewing and machine quilting and wanted a decent beginner machine that she would enjoy using. Got It! Thanks Brother and Amazon!"
I love this sewing machine.  After my machine broke (one which I have had for MANY years) this was such a nice new machine to get.
A winner for my 16 year old Grand-Daughter!!
came quickly and it was of good quality
This was bought for my young daughter.  There are minimal options which is what I wanted. We have not used it a lot but are fairly satisfied with the product.  The foot pedal seems stiff.  You have to push it a long way to get it going and then it goes to fast for a beginner.  You then have to back off the pedal to sew at a normal speed. Hopefully it loosens up. She is able to thread it herself without any issues.
"The cover and machine seem to be fine and a good purchase.  I rated them ""4"" only due to that they are a gift.  The recipient has not used them yet to give any feedback to the quality or functionality."
better than I expected
Very basic. Sent it back.
Great machine for a great price.  I just use it for simple repairs and projects and it is wonderful.
Excelent
This sewing machine pretty much gets jammed up every time I try and use it and seems to sort of jumble up the stitch pretty often.
"Very functional machine. The length of cord on the pedal needs to be longer, however. I stand when sewing and this present an issue with the worktable height.

The bobbin setup is weird, too. I prefer the drop-in bobbins, but this front-load system works ok."
"lasted for almost 3 years for my sister, not bad for the price. I just wish it would last longer to be environmentally friendly."
WIFE GETS SEWING MACHINE THEN DOES NOT USE IT.
gift
"I have used this for some basic sewing projects, it works just great! I have been sewing for many many years and this does what it promises. well worth the price."
"I bought this as a gift for my sister. This is her first sewing machine as a beginner. She loves it. I don't think it came with an instructional video or anything, but she has so far made a dog bed, a baby blanket and a make-up bag. Great for a novice!"
Easy to use for starter.
Great item!  Great transaction!
It's better than expected.
Good little machine for everyday use
Not sure it is a Christmas gift
"This is a good little sewing machine.  It is very simple-good for a starting sewer.  Motor is a quiet hum, fabric feed and tension were consistent.  Very pleased!"
"Great machine to get started on, not a lot of unnecessary options that most people never use anyway.  This was a gift and I believe she is using it daily.  Great machine for the money."
great lil machine!
so loved it!
"Love it... now to learn how to use it properly.  Great little machine for the price, and I LOVE how compact it is that you can travel with it!"
I have no opinion as this was a gift for a grandchild.
Its a wonderful machine easy to use and store
Awesome simple machine! Great fast and easy purchase. Many thanks.
"Awesome little machine, great for beginner or seasoned seamstress.  Ready to go out of the box,  bought it to use while my ""fancy"" machine is in the shop.  So easy I have my 7 year old sewing on it too."
Price was good and this was purchased as a gift...
Wonderful machine for a beginner seamstress.  This sewing machine is everything one would need to sew.
"Perfect little machine for crafts!  We've put together some dog bandanas and a few small baby blankets with it already.  Easy to use, quiet, and gets the job done."
"After literally decades of secretly wanting a sewing machine, I got a great offer from Amazon for the Brother LS-2125i. So I finally broke down, got over my ""men don't sew"" insecurities and got it. Since I have never sewn anything in my life, I am literally learning to sew on it. Just completed my first project (a box cushion cover with piping and zipper) and it turned out great.  Love using the machine. It's easy to use, is really well built (almost uncannily so given the relatively cheap price) and turns out great product. I am very happy with it!"
It has suited my needs at this time. Easy to store and takes up less room. Good to travel with and for simple tasks
"Like the machine.  I was impressed, I was even able to hem jeans with it."
This machine keeps getting jammed.  I only used it a couple of times and it keeps getting jammed.  I didn't start using this until recently so I am outside the return window.
WONDERFUL machine - easy to use!
"I had this machine about three months and it won't stitch correctly. I cleaned it, oiled it and tried everything the book said do to it and now it can't be returned. Don't buy this machine. Very disappointed."
Gift.
"fantastic quality for under 4

great sewing machine for under a hundred.."
I love it
Great starter machine.
"I know nothing about sewing. I've tried it, I've failed at it.  I couldn't even make the pillow in Home Ec.  I'm a sewing failure.  But I so want to be able to do it.  Just simple things for gifts and mending clothes to avoid having to buy more.  I was so excited to get this machine and have a very positive outlook and determination to stick with this.  I learned from the instruction manual how to fill the bobbin.  Threading the machine is simple if you follow the instructions.  My only problem now is figuring out the settings.  My thread my be old and no good but I'm having a problem with my thread breaking and I was told by someone who knows how to sew that my tension needs to be adjusted.  I've only had this machine for about a week so I'm still learning and figuring it out but I AM DETERMINED.  If you are like me and just a sewing dud, but want to learn, this is a great machine to use.  The price was really good too.  I got it on sale.  I'm not disappointed."
Very Good~!Thank you~
I bought this for my 9 year old daughter who is just learning to sew.  This machine is great for her and is very easy to use.  I love the 10 stitch settings and the speed is just what she needs to make some of the clothes she was dying to make. The very first thing she made was a denim bag and some flannel pajama pants. Both materials were very easy to work with and we did not have any issues with snagging needles or breaking thread. She absolutely loves this and I am happy that this is her first sewing machine.
"I have waited a very long time to get my own machine. After borrowing from family members, it was time that I invested in one for myself. This machine is great for a starter like me. I don't use it daily but I do use it at least monthly. It took me a minute to figure out everything but it runs smoothly and is great for a beginner. I'm not Martha Stewart by any means but, I do feel that this machine is capable of handling the projects I come up with."
#AmazonGiveaway - I would love to have this to make some Christmas presents for my kids! Hand sewing everything takes a long time!
This is a very nice sewing machine but I ended up returning it.  Even when barely pressing on the pedal this machine runs super fast.  This might be ok if I was a seasoned sewer but being a beginner I like to have more control over the speed of my machine.
#AmazonGiveaway - I need this to repair my kids clothing and stuffed toys. I hate throwing things and adding more waste to our environment. I would love to have this.
#AmazonGiveaway - I'd love to learn how to sew.... and hem my pants --- with a hem that stays!
"Bought this machine 4 or 5 years ago and loved how easy it was to operate (great instructions came with it, otherwise I'd have been lost).  When my friend's machine broke in the middle of a project I gave her this one and traded up to the newer version of the same thing.  If that one ever dies, I will be looking for another one just like it."
"#AmazonGiveaway -  I would give this to my son as he would like to learn to sew and would like his sister to teach hi, how to make a quilt"
"#AmazonGiveaway I would. Love this to teach my budding designers (aka daughters) to sew. We are setting up a creativity space in the garage for making anything creatively, and this would add nicely to our dream. Thanks!"
#AmazonGiveaway I can use this to hem my pants. Thanks!
"#Amazongiveaway
I would sit with my 10 year old grand daughter and we would male an apron together.  Than you."
"#AmazonGiveaway
If I won this machine i finally would be able to teach my daughter to sew.  She really has not been interested because she isn't going to learn on my sewing machines that take a ""degree"" to learn how to use.  This would be a simple machine and just perfect for a beginner!"
Amazon giveaway ..If I won this I am going to sew stuff for my 3 year old and her dolls :)-- suman
#AmazonGiveaway  If I won this... I 'd be sewing curtains and grandbaby clothes.
#AmazonGiveaway First thing I would sew would be aprons for my Dramatic Play Center for my PRE-K Class.
#AmazonGiveaway. I'd sew a TBT full skirt and flaunt it at work.
Amazing giveaway.  This machine would go to my granddaughter who loves to design clothes.  She also makes some blankets and small toys for the humane society.  She has no machine so we sew when she spents the night with me.
"#AmazonGiveaway  The first thing I would do with this machine is sew small blankets for the homeless. (our big end of the year event is coming up in December) and for my own life, I would sew clothes for my brand new granddaughter, born just a week ago!!! I love Brother products!"
First thing I'd see is an infinity scarf! #AMAZONGIVEAWAY!!!!!!!!!!
#amazongiveaway.  I would sew a dress
love a sewing machine #amazongiveway
#amazongiveaway
"if I won this sewing machine the first thing I would do is buy a bubble quilting book and quilt a new blanket for my first grandchild that will be here in January. Then I would start quilting blankets for my children, so they would all have something to remember me by. That is the way people use to do it....sometimes tradition should stay the same, not everything has to change .#AmazonGiveaway"
"If I won this machine, the first thing I would sew would be a dress for the youth organization I am involved in. It helps young women between the ages of 11 and 20 become ready for adulthood by teaching service to community, family and friends as well as public speaking and leadership. Many of the girls. On my way! From low income households or have mothers who don't know how to sew. We wear floor length formals for meetings and events and I would use this sewing machine to make dresses for the girls in my assembly."
I would sew my pants. [...]
"Great machine--ordered as a replacement and to get back into sewing. Threads easily, and came with enough accessories to get me started."
"If I won, I would be making baby bibs for my first grandchild due the end of Jan 2015.  #AmazonGiveaway"
"I have had this machine for 11 years. 11 YEARS and it STILL holds up even today. I've made countless amounts of sewing projects including costumes for hours straight using this machine. For a beginner or basic projects, this sewing machine is perfect!"
"Totally value for money. Bought it for my mum. This sewing machine is of reputable brand also. Definitely a catch during gold box deal.

I also bought the following box.
http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0002KHBS2?ie=UTF8&camp=213733&creative=393185&creativeASIN=B0002KHBS2&linkCode=shr&tag=swiclu-20&linkId=2A5GJEGMYPGOKFZP&refRID=0XGWEDEE1VPE8SPBCTQS

Waiting for its arrival."
This is a Christmas gift for my daughter.
I am new to sewing and bought this machine based on the reviews that I read.  I absolutely love this machine.  It has been so easy to use and works great.
I love my new sewing machine! Arrived ahead of schedule.
great product for the price
Love it!!!
Great machine for price..gets the work done!
Nice machine for a beginner !
Awesome! i;m still learning to use it but it was even bigger than expected.
Great little machine!  I don't make clothes or anything like that but for the mending and light sewing I do it works perfect!
"I was very worried about such an inexpensive machine.  I tried this before with another brand and it was absolutely the clumsiest, imprecise piece of junk ever.  I was SO pleased once I tried THIS one out.  Though I doubt it would do for a very serious sewer, I'm not. I just need to repair hems, tighten things that are too loose etc. I had a pair of pants whose total inseam came out on my side. I finally found someone with a very old machine and I was thrilled. A week later it came out too!  I have repaired that same pair of pants with this machine and its a tight seam, not going anywhere.  If that sounds like you- Buy this machine! If you are a sewer...you have a tape measure around your neck even now.....then I give it 2 stars."
Very easy to thread and use.  Great for the first time sewer.
I am satisfied with its functions
"I've had this machine for a few years and it is great.  I don't make clothes, but this is ideal for mending and making alterations. I am glad I bought it. My son & his wife have borrowed it several times."
My sewing machine is great!!
Not even a starter machine.  Kept for a few weeks and then gave it to someone else.  This does not have a drop-in bobbin and I bought this to help my granddaughter to learn to sew.  Awful!
I have NEVER used a sewing machine in my LIFE!! I taught myself how to sew and made my daughter's halloween costume. No pattern just a rough vision and sewing machine instructions! I LOVE IT!! Best purchase EVER. I wasn't expecting much due to the low price.... but it's NOT A DISPOSABLE MACHINE!
"Just what I needed, price was just right..."
Bought for my daughter. She loves it.
A nice machine and easy to use
Great little machine for what I want - hemming and fixing things.
Love love love this machine! <3  it's my first sewing machine and it's super simple.
"My first, maybe only machine. It's easy to use and stores out of the way,"
"I bought this machine quite a long time ago in 2006 when I was 15 to make clothes at my own pace so I did not have to nag my mother to use hers. I loved this machine and was so loyal to it that when I was accepted to London College of Fashion in 2008 I asked my parents if it could be brought in the luggage so I can have it with me while studying fashion design. I used this to make so many samples and garments during my time in London but it bit the dust in June 2009. The machine needed oil that I couldn't purchased in the UK back then, the light bulb ended up dying after years of use and the pedal started to act funny. When I decided to call an international number for Brother they told me that I should not have used a converter plug with this machine otherwise it would have lasted longer. I went without a machine for a year and could not find this model again so I went with a Singer that has lasted me 5 years, but I still liked this machine so much I bought one of these as a back up because it was so simple and easy to use and lightweight! My Singer weighs double or maybe more than this machine so I tend to like this one more if I have to transport it for whatever reason. I would totally recommend this machine for someone new to sewing and looking to do basic sloper design and pattern work. Even with a leather needle it does not hold up well to super thick fabrics like faux fur and leather so keep that in mind when purchasing."
Works great  !!
"The manual was easy to follow.  As a beginner, I needed lots of help, and this was perfect for me.  The directions for threading the machine/bobbin were clear.  The manual even included wonderful directions on how to hem pants while keeping the original seam."
Love it!  Perfect for doing repairs and light sewing.
"I got one that had been returned to Amazon, and it's a bit...particular. I'm not sure if it's just this one, or the design of the machine. I constantly have to rethread the needle; upon starting to sew, it will pull the thread out and back into the machine. I also have a lot of trouble with the bottom thread from the bobbin bunching up. Overall it's a great starter machine, and has a lot of great features (especially for newbies like me), but it can be a little nerve wracking at times. I'm hesitant to blame the design since I did buy one that had been returned, so it may be my particular machine causing the problems."
My great grand daughter loves it.
Bought this for my granddaughter as her first sewing machine and she loves it.
Easy to use and fast shipping
Very good for the price...
Best sewing machine ever... I abuse this thing and after months and months it is going strong.
it is perfect for me. I love it!!!!
I got this for my 16 year old granddaughter birthday
"I have never used a sewing machine (correctly) my whole life, I failed home economics TWICE when I was in school. My grandmother was a seamstress and would make all my clothes and my whole life she tried to teach me how to sew. Thirty plus years later I needed some alterations done to my veil for my wedding and so took a leap and did it myself. I had such a success that I went and made a small cape for my dress (modesty is important to me) and that turned out nice so of course the girls are all lining up asking for different things (skirts, dresses, etc) so I figured if the needle and thread was not too difficult to learn(it just sort of came to me and everything my grandmother tried to teach me so long ago just clicked! I wish she was here to see this now she would be proud of me)

So I got this machine in hopes that I could learn to do more bolder and difficult projects. I was so very apprehensive but when my machine came well boxed (in more than one I might add) I started to look through the book and within minutes I had threaded several bobbins and even successfully threaded the machine! It was so very simple and I have already made more than one outfit for my girls and I am so pleased. The machine is not terribly large, very simple and it only took me and my husband a few minutes to learn how to work it.

I would recommend this machine to anyone who is new to sewing or needs a small travel machine or for their kids who are learning to sew, but I would caution against letting children use this or any sewing machine without proper supervision because it is a fast moving sharp object and though I believe you would have to go out of your way to get hurt by this machine I can see how little fingers could get caught without proper adult supervision.

I did get the warranty for it plus if for any reason I have an issue with this machine I will return and amend my review to reflect it even to the point of removing stars if necessary but only if it is not within reasonable use. (if I drop it off a table and it breaks I can not exactly blame the machine for that!:)"
"I bought this for my crafty 8 year old daughter who wanted to learn how to sew. I didn't know what to look for when I was shopping for a sewing machine, but after reading the reviews and comparing specs, I settled on this. It works great. She was able to figure out how to use it independently pretty quickly, and loves it."
Very fast
Fun little machine for a beginner such as myself.
"I bought this machine for a specific project, so didn't test it out immediately. Turned out the machine was so damaged that the repair cost  more than its price!"
Good value for my dollar.  Has all the basic features I need and I have been sewing for about 50 years.
"Too difficult for my 10 year old granddaughter.
Not what we expected at all."
I haven't really had a chance to use it a lot but the short times I have used it have been great.
The machine sews really well. I have made several craft projects and a couple of dresses with it already. In the beginning I had a lot of trouble with the threading as both the simple instruction page and the manual left out one step.
Purchased this for my granddaughter...She loves it.
it is a good sewing machine but I have problems with threading the needle and the thread is always bulking up by the feeder.
"I am very beginner sewer and have never owned a sewing machine before. I purchased this sewing machine with the intention to use it to repair a zipper and to hem pants. It worked great for hemming jeans and dress pants. The machine did struggle a bit with the zipper repair, but I was able to repair it successfully. I don't knock the machine for that because the material was several layers thick and probably any machine would have struggled with it. For normal zippers it would not have any issues. I did struggle a bit with how to thread the machine. The instructions that come with the machine are clear and easy to understand so I was able to figure it out. I am sure there are fancier machines out there, but if you are looking for an inexpensive machine that will do the basic sewing tasks, look no further this is the machine for you."
"This is the first Brother machine I've ever owned.  It's wonderful.  I like it better than all of the Singer's that I've ever used.  For the money, it has a whole lot of features.  It comes with a foot pedal in the box so you don't have to spend extra money for one."
grandaughter loves it
Order arrived on time and was exactly as ordered.  Works beautifully.  I am very happy with this purchase.
"I purchased this for my granddaughter (15) because I didn't know if she would be serious about sewing so I didn't want to put too much money into it. It is a step up from the one I had considered purchasing because it is a ""real"" sewing machine, not a child's sewing machine. I didn't have trouble threading it, but I did have to go by faith to fed the thread into that slot to catch the eye that is back in there. I have trouble winding the bobbin until it gets started wrapping the thread. I have to put a little pressure on the spool with my finger so it won't fly off. The foot pedal starts the machine like it was taking off for a drag race so when I was teaching her how to up facings in, I used my own machine because it was easier to control the speed.
Overall, it is a good purchase for what it costs and I did get very good, quick help from customer service when the picture in the manual didn't match how you have to handle threading it at one step. My granddaughter likes it and she still likes it even after she did some sewing on my machine (15 year old Viking 630 that cost $900)."
"Very user-friendly!  I haven't sewn since high school Home Ec class, but this machine sure comes in handy for mending clothes and making simple curtains,etc.  Well worth the price."
bot it on an impulse and returned it unopened
"bought as a gift, great machine for small projects (curtains, etc)"
"I had used the same machine for about 50 plus  years and it finally wore out. It took me a while to learn to use this machine, threading etc and it is so much lighter in weight I had some trouble adjusting to it but believe it will work out alright. as tempted to send it back at one time but believe I can use it alright.. I have sewed since I was 12 years old, making all our clothing,formals, wedding dresses and pants and shirts for my daughters, even  nylon underwear, and my husbands knit shirts with ribbing at the neck and sleeves. I am 92 now and have been making quilts for my great grand children's (33) first babies.
Mary c. Thompson"
"needle keeps breaking, went thru three in one day"
"This is a disaster of a machine! I just found I cannot return- and it's only 6 months old.
 it worked fine for first few projects. I followed every instruction in the manual after problems started to arise- and the problems multiplied. After being satisfied during the first 2-3 months, the machine started breaking thread, getting bunched up at the bobbin, skipping stitches etc. I am sewing basic cotton materials with straight stitches . I fell for the good reviews, but the problems start after a few months usage- despite careful maintenance , oiling ,cleaning , changing needles, checking bobbin , correct thread etc. etc. etc."
Works very well. Is nice and compact for storage. It is exactly what I wanted to keep in our vacation condo for quick fixes and making pillows etc.  It is pretty much of a hassle to remove the front cover to oil the machine.
"I bought this machine on 1 June 2014 for a summer cabin. I used it occasionally last summer to mend or alter items. This summer I used it for only one day, and less than two hours in that day, before it failed. Time after time, the machine is now breaking ithe top thread as soon as I start to stitch, rendering it totally unusable. Considering I've used the machine for only a few hours total over the time I've owned it, it seems clear to me that a  product can't be any good if it fails with so little occasional use. It's just my luck that it I ordered for a summer cabin where a lot of time passes with little sewing activity so that the warranty expires before one learns that.. I would never buy this machine again. A machine tht won't work hardly qualifies as ""easy to use."""
Great machine for the price.  I only use to hem and mend things so it was perfect for my uses.
"good price, but machine seems a bit skimpy; hard to thread; not as intuitive as my last one"
Very easy to use for a novice.
Used to use this at least once a week for a project I had going on and it worked great for me. I tried to stitch a backpack strap together and the needle broke but that was too much for this machine. Overall easy to use and a great first sewing machine like how it was for me.
works good
can only sew a few stitches and thread tears.  would not recommend.
excellent machine
at least this one doesn't run by its self like the other one did and better quality
"all good, thanks"
"I use to do a lot of sewing, and dressmaking for others, but eventually gave most of it up and just used my sewing machine for simple projects....until it broke.  I then started taking things to my cleaners for these ""chores"" but then thought just a nice lightweight, simple machine would do those little jobs I need to do.  I didn't need a digital machine sine I no longer plan to do dressmaking any longer, just a good quality machine with a few various stitches.  This sewing machine is perfect and very easy to use and an exceptional value.  I am so glad I went ahead and made the decision to purchase it from Amazon!"
"I've used this machine for a few different projects now and feel I can give some kind of review of it.  I purposefully bought an inexpensive model because I did not want to invest a lot of money in a hobby that I'm not very good at yet.  Some highlights are below.

 - Winding thread onto a bobber is simple
 - Threading a needle is also simple.  I had the thread break many times during the last project.  That may be due to my thread tension setting, my thread type, or just my inexperience.  I'm not sure.
 - My biggest complaint is the foot pedal.  The one that came with my unit (purchased for Christmas 2011) is almost an on-off control.  I inch down the pedal and nothing happens.  Then, finally, I hit a certain spot and the machine takes off fast.  Then, I can back it off some to slow it down.  Once I stop, though, I have to start the whole process over again.  In my mind, this seems uncontrollable.  Again, this may be a lack of experience, but it certainly was not easy to use for me."
Bought this for my 12 yr old daughter. She's learning to sew and loves this machine. Perfect for beginners.
Its not what I expected
Very pretty and simple to use machine. I would definitely recommend to a beginner.
I'm not sure if because I am a man (sorry if it sounds sexist...) but I found very challenging to operate it using the manual. If you never used a sewing machine before you will need someone next to you to explain lots of stuf
"We bought this for a nine-year-old girl who wants to learn to sew.  It is possible for her to thread bobbins and thread the machine--very simple.  It is also a heavy enough machine that it will last a long time.  I was amazed that it is as well made as it is, especially for the price.  It's a real sewing machine.  I would buy this for myself."
I love the way this machine sew my clothes and it did not cost a million box's thanks you brother and brother
I am very satisfied with the delivery and the sewing machine in general.  I am just learning how to sew. It is very easy to operate.
"Plastic gears jumped and threw the timing off within first month of use. At the slightest bit of resistance the plastic gear jumped and now the machine is junk. Don't this machine, learned my lesson ""you get what you pay for""."
"I've used this machine once, with wonderful results.  Bobbin was super easy to fill and threading upper thread was simple.  I really like this machine, so far, for the price, versatility and durability!"
"We bought this as a Christmas gift and the receiver loves it and continues to use it, to this day. Thank you."
bobbin and tension broke after 3rd use. ever since does nothing but just collecting dust. it doesn't work at all!
"Bought this for my daughter's first machine.  Solid, well made, and a real workhorse.  Very basic, but it gets the job done well.  Would definitely recommend this for someone just starting out, it's very basic and straight forward.  Good little machine."
"When I sew I don't use more than straight stiches or zigzags. So while this wouldn't be great for a master seamstress, it has worked quite well for me for sewing curtains, pillow covers and doll clothes."
"For the price, excellent, but is VERY basic.  It works, will get the job done, but has no whistles or bells."
"I found this sewing machine easy to use and affordable.

Great for doing repairs for my husband and kids alike!"
This little sewing machine is simply a miniature of the real thing.  It was amazingly sophisticated and yet easy enough to operate for my eight year old granddaughter.  She was thrilled.
"I just learned to sew at the beginning of this year and this machine has been amazing.  It works for everything I need to do (sewing pillows, curtains, blankets and even stuffed animals!)  It's a great little machine and I have had no problems with it, despite the abuse it's taken from me half not knowing what I'm doing!"
"I wanted a simple sewing machine to do repairs or make crafts or pillows etc.  This machine is GREAT!  Easy to use - no fancy complicated computer screens, a good variety of stitches without being overwhelming, comes with simple instructions.  I love it!
The price is great as well."
Nice lightweight machine for the price. I bought it because my Pfaff only does straight stitch and I needed zig zag from time to time. I didn't give this machine 5 stars because it is a little awkward to thread and having to remove the box in front of the needle to get to the bobbin is a pain. It does make a nice stitch and performs well with everything from lightweight knits to denim. I haven't tried the buttonhole feature yet.
Bought for the wife and she started using it almost everyday.  So far its been holding up no problem and we have no complaints.
"I needed an affordable machine for quick little tasks around the house.  This seemed to work perfectly.  Easy to set up, etc.  I begin sewing only to find the feed dogs would not move.  I tried to clean it thinking maybe it was dust and it still wouldn't work.  It was so much frustration for the small project i needed to do.  Looks like I'll have to go and buy an expensive machine."
"it arrived on time and well the description did say ""cosmetic damage"" but i was shocked to find the bobbin winder was broke off but the machine does work and i am pleased"
"This machine is perfect for all my needs. I was a beginner (I learned everything I know about sewing machines online, and what was in my pamphlet that came with the machine) I haven't done too many projects with this sewing machine yet, but I've done several, and they all came out looking great! I think it's very easy to use and I wouldn't hesitate to buy it again in the future (if I ever needed to)"
My daughter started taking sewing classes and wanted a machine for her Birthday.  This machine is perfect and so easy to use.  I haven't touched a sewing machine in over 10 years and I was even able to you tube how to thread and use this myself as well as my daughter. Highly recommend this machine for kids and adults learning how to sew!
"Great machine for a hobbyist like me. I use it to make simple art dolls and to sew paper. Convenient, powerful enough, simple to figure out. Great price."
The perfect machine for a ten year old new seamstress! My granddaughter figured out the instructions with easy. Thank you Brother sewing machine.
"I had trouble threading the ""thread take-up lever,"" and getting the needle to pick up the bobbin thread.  Once I got that, it hummed right along."
"I've abused my poor Brother LS-2125i over the last 7 plus years. I adore this little machine and everything it has done for me. I have pushed it through making dozens of commissions, costumes from lace and spandex to vinyl and satin, clothing for myself ranging from dresses and skirts to suits, couch and seat covers, a new ironing board cover, repairing blankets and clothing, appliques, baby sewing, and last summer I made a wedding dress out of silk chiffon and softy cotton knit. The machine does also support twin needle stitching function. I love the left aligned straight stitch for top stitching! I taught a friend how to sew on this machine as well.

It is very simple to thread, very simple to insert the bobbin, very simple to fill the bobbin. I find troubleshooting this machine very easy and simple. Buying a machine lint brush was very helpful for cleaning out the bobbin casing area. I still haven't even had to buy a new lightbulb for this machine yet!

This machine has handled everything I have thrown at it. I have moved along with this machine no fewer than 13 moves over the years. I bought a $20 carrying case, which was a great investment for protecting the machine moving all over the state and all the way down the east coast.

Caveat though...I take GOOD CARE of this machine. I take it in for servicing once every 2 and a half ish years. I oil the machine once every two or three months. I change the needle depending on the weight and type of material--ball point and stretch for knits, appropriate weight needles for light and heavy fabric, leather needles for vinyl, etc. I have appropriate peripherals for a variety of things, including the teflon foot, piping foot, narrow stitching foot, and invisible zipper foot.  I use authorized Brother parts for my bobbin, replacement parts, snap on feet, etc.

IF you are good to this machine, he will be very good to you. I've even (gasp) dropped this machine about 2 feet off my desk when I was in college. It is a fantastic beginner's machine. It gives a lot of functionality for what it is. It even has a little ""carrying"" handle in the back of the machine to easily move it from place to place. The photo shows the reverse stitch switch, on the right front face of the machine. It is easy to reach when you're beginning and ending your stitching line.

However, I've long since grown out of this machine. I now own a serger and ache for fancy stitches and capabilities beyond what this sweet machine can do for me. While I fully intend to keep this machine for a long time after I eventually upgrade, it is something that I have been ready to do for a while.

Tips:
-ALWAYS USE GUTERMANN THREAD. Coats & Clark and any cheap thread often breaks and shatters and wraps around inside and drives you nuts. Just don't do it. Buy Gutermann and you'll be fine. (I've used Mettler and also been fine.) Point is basically not to use cheap thread.
-Change the needle frequently to match the weight and type of fabric being used. Otherwise you'll end up with skipped stitches.
-Test new fabric scraps to make sure the tension is good.
-Pull the thread slightly to the back when you're starting a stitching line. It will prevent a nest.
-Use a teflon or walking foot when sewing vinyl."
I wanted a simple to use machine. That's why I picked this Brother. It is simple but dependable to get the job done!!
I bought this for my daughter for Christmas and she loves it.  She had done three or four projects since Xmas.
"This was an excellent purchase it took a super long to arrive but it's okay cause I'm a new sower.  I used one of these when I was in high school , it was the same 20 years later.  I love things that are consistent."
"I already reviewed this... but I will say, again, I love it and everything was great as far as getting exactly what I ordered, no problems, extremely reasonable, packed well, and I received it earlier than expected."
"We use this model to train students in basic sewing skills for scenic fabrics and costuming.  It is perfect for this purpose, a great value, and sturdy!"
"I had a BIT of trouble coaxing the thread from the bobbin up through the hole but finally think I have the hang of it. SO far it is working okay and is totally adequate for my simple needs (making pillow coverings, curtains and maybe the occasional simple garment)  So far it is holding up."
"This machine is very nice!  Worth every penny, which is not alot!!  Easy to understand directions and simple operation.  Would highly recomend this to anyone who loves to sew but doesn't want to spend alot of cash!!"
"Just like the description says, ""Easy-to-Use"". I am an occasional sewer, mainly hemming and mending. This machine is perfect for my needs. Easy to set up."
"I bought this as  Christmas gift for my cousin last year and she says it works wonderfully. She shares it with her sister-in-law who has made quilts and clothes for the two children in the household.

Very economically priced and great for beginners!

I was so pleased with the Brother brand that I ended up buying two of the slightly higher priced Brother XL2600I for both my sister-in-law and myself because they offered more stitch options."
"Got this for 10yr old daughter at Christmas. She loves it.
Very easy to use and durable.
Will last for years."
"I bought this as a gift, so I'm not sure how it's working for the recipienct, who is not a seamstress, just needed it for mending, scrapbooking, etc.  I'm sure it will work perfectly for her"
I use this product to do my day-to-day stitching work at home. I like the electrical control of the machine an dis very quiet.
"I bought this machine as a birthday present for my granddaughter.  It is easy to thread, easy to wind bobbins, and has enough diversity that she will be able to learn many tasks.  She is excited to begin learning her machine and I am very pleased with the value."
"For an inexpensive machine, it seems to work quite well.  I sewed covers for my patio furniture and it went through the heavy fabric very well. Didn't like the plastic bobbins that came with it but standard size made it easy to get metal ones."
"I have had it for almost a week now. I got it to do small jobs, hems, some kitchen curtains, things like that. this machine is really easy to use. took all of 5 mins to set up, oil and use. just remember to oil often, read the manual, this one should last if taken care of properly"
"bounces around the table the bobbin thread has to match the top thread, it backlashes all the time and you have to stop and rethread the top."
The bobbin was hard to get the tension correct.  Other than that it was good.  We caught on very quickly.
Excellent value for this sewing machine.  I paid less than Walmart prices and received a  better machine. Love shopping with Amazon as I have never been disappointed!
i got it and gave it to my sister so she can learn to sew her clothes she really likes it
The machine is okay for what I paid for it .... I had another higher quality  & more expensive before and was use to how it works and the sound of the machine.  When I first used this machine I was thinking I would have to return it because it sounded like metal clanging  together  but as I sewed it got better.  If I were expecting to use this machine a lot I might of up-graded but since I am using just as a mending machine while on the road it will do.
It works great and very easy to use! I purchased the item for my 15 year old daughter and she really likes the machine becasue it's simple.
"This is the gift for my wife, she love it and the machine has the functions she wanted.
Very good price."
"I don't do a lot of sewing, but for what I do, I expect the machine to do a good job. This machine isn't super fancy, but it has enough stitches for just about any project a novice seamtress or crafter would be tackling. I live in a small apartment and this machine isn't huge or clunky and it's surprisingly light compared to some other models. If you've ever used a sewing machine, you'll be able to figure this one out with little issue and if you can't, the manual is very helpful, with pictures and clear language."
Great product for a good price! Easy to use. Have plenty of stiched patterns for everyday use. Hope it will last since most of the parts are plastic.
For an inexpensive little machine it works great!!!! Lite weight easy to set up just love it for the money
Great Machine for beginners and people that love to sew ----there are other machines that have more fancy gadgets to them as my family members have them but this is a good one to start with and use for the first five years or you may like some keep it for your forever machine .....I always say ---Keep It Simple!!
"Works well for the price I paid. The instructions are pretty decent and it is really user friendly.

The peddal for the speed could use some work. it is extremely difficult to get a slow start speed. I press down lightly and it just jumps into action instead of a gradual start. I have had this since the summer and still have not gotten it to work like I want it to.

I have tried to use the button hole maker several times and it just doesn't work. After following the instructions, talking with a support specialist and taking it in (no problems with it) it just doesn't work. Always seems to jam up at the end of a side.

Haven't been able to use the zipper, button or double needle functions, so I can't comment on those.

Overall, pretty decent machine for the price."
"The reviews were good, so we got it.

The reasons my wife does not like this model:

1 - She does not sew all the time, and she is unable to handle the speed.... makes too many mistakes and is also afraid of hurting herself. With the speed, she makes mistakes, so she has to do it over and over again, making this process time consuming.

2 - The sewing machine just ""jumped"".... do not know what caused that, or why, but really frightened my wife.

We just tried to return this machine.... but the time span for returns is too late. So our advice is if you buy this one, use it right away to see if it works for you or not before it is too late to do anything about it.

We still hope Amazon or Brother Customer Service will help us out given that my wife has only recently started using this sewing machine."
"Perfect for my Granddaughter when  all other ideas were exhausted while trying to figure out what to get her for Christmas.  I don't sew but other family members totally agreed with my decision to purchase this good quality sewing machine.  It's the right gift for an upcoming seamstress.

otherfemale family members thought I hit"
Product is very easy to use. It is perfect for both alterations and sewing new items. Easy to learn to use even for beginners.
"I purchased this sewing machine for my grand daughter as she was just beginning to sew.  All this machine did was jam! I am an experienced sewer and have been sewing since I was 8 years old.  If you are able to purchase an old singer machine (I mean one made in the USA) do so and use that machine as a learning tool.  These cheap machines, have cheap parts, take cheap bobbins and are not worth purchasing - save your money."
I bought this for my 8 year old. We both use it. Its a great little machine. Very easy to use. No problems after 3 years.
"My girlfriend loves it and has been using it. It was easy to setup.  It was easy to thread and she learned how to use it really fast with the informative instruction booklet. Before this sewing machine she didn't know anything and now shes making all kinds of clothing and fixing old clothes to look like new, its great!"
"how do I get li-ion  batters for it? do have then please let me know,how much they are. I need 6"
"So far, since Christmas, this has been a very easy to use sewing machine.  The instructions are easy to follow.  My granddaughter is 11 years old and has never sewn before but this works well for her."
"My Daughter loved this for her birthday, for the price and quality you can't beat this sewing machine or quality."
"I chose this machine for our second home.  It didn't need to be a great machine because it won't be used as much as my other machine.  But, I was a bit disappointed.  It doesn't sew smoothly, the mechanism feels choppy, and it feels flimsy.  The zig-zag stitches are odd lengths and widths.  AND....it doesn't have a thread cutter!  The only reason I didn't return it was that, thinking it would be fine, I let my grandson destroy the packaging."
"I received this machine for Christmas 2012. As such, it is now out of warranty; however, it absolutely doesn't have a year's worth of wear on it. As soon as I received it, I made a project for my son. Then the machine got put away because I don't have a designated sewing area. It was stored sealed up in it's original box surrounded by its own packing materials for almost a year before I pulled it out again. The very first project I tried to work on, I started having tension problems. I really couldn't figure out what was wrong. The upper tension was too loose, so I tightened it. Then some more. Then some more. Eventually, a tension of 8 was working, but I knew this was not the proper tension. And eventually, even 8 was ""too loose."" How could 4 have been working just fine, then all of a sudden, it needed to be 8? This was very frustrating, but I dealt with it for a while. Finally, I took the machine to my mother-in-law, who is a much more experienced sewer than I so she could tell me what I was doing wrong because, of course, it couldn't be this practically brand new machine's fault. After much trial and error, threading, and rethreading, we figured out that the tension discs are not holding on to the thread. Occasionally, they just seem to ""throw"" the thread out of the machine. When this happens, the thread on the spool ""jumps"" off the spindle. After carefully making sure it was threaded correctly and then sewing tests, we found that this doesn't just happen if it isn't carefully threaded, but can happen in the middle of stitching after very intentionally guiding the thread through the discs. As I read through the comments, I saw that this same problem seems to be happening to many who haven't taken the cover off and looked inside. This machine isn't worth taking to a repair shop, as it would cost as much to repair it as the machine costs. DIY repair guides are hard to come by. As much as I hate to, without being able to make this a reliable machine, it's just too frustrating to keep. When it is sewing correctly, it does sew a very nice, strong stitch. I just wish I could trust it to work 100% of the time."
"This was a great purchase.  I use it several times a week for regular sewing as well as alterations.  It is easy to use and to store when needed.  Light weight, but very well made. Mostly I use straight stitch and zig zag, but there is a choice of 10 stitches that are surely used frequently by others.  Highly recommend"
A little skeptical after reading some reviews but machine has done everything needed. Plenty of instructional videos on you tube if needed.
The item has not been used long enough to review it at this time so I will review it at a later date.
I got this sewing machine for my 11 year old . She loves it. Its easy to use and works well. She has mastered pillow making .They are all over the house. She has made them for family and friends. Maybe someday she will learn something else. Thank you so much.
Got it for my 85-year old grandmother... she absolutely loves it. Doesn't have to drag around and lift her old ancient machine that weighs close to 60 pounds. Great product.
i hadn't really used a sewing machine since i was a kid but had always been berated with sewing projects i kept wanting/needing to do.  i found this over the holidays last year and have loved using it since i set it up.  the instruction manual is clear and concise in showing you the steps to use the machine and it works like a gem..  good machine!
"I bought it for my wife after her 50-year old Singer gave up the ghost. She didn't want anything fancy, so I got her the most basic model. She's still a bit intimidated with more features than she wanted but she is riding that learning curve and coming to appreciate its virtues. I dread the day she gains enough confidence to ask me for the most expensive model."
"I bought this for my 7 1/2 yo daughter for Christmas, as she loves to make doll clothes.  My mom and I sat down to teach her how to use it and didn't have any difficulties threading it or setting it up.  It is quite easy for my daughter to control the speed.  So far, it seems well made, sturdy, and versatile.  She needs supervision and some help of course while using it (due to her age), but I expect this will be with her for many years."
"I purchased 3 of these sewing machines for my granddaughters for Christmas. Great starter machines. We tried the mini machines, but they were difficult to work with. This machine doesn't have a lot of bells and whistles, but has all the basic stitches they'll need for several years to come. My granddaughters are ten (3 of them!) and all of them have been learning to make simple patterns. I'm sure these machines will go off to college with them some day. The only drawback I have found is there is no fast/slow option, but all the girls are learning to regulate with the pedal."
"I am a relatively new sewer. I have been using this machine for the past year and have made curtains, altered clothing, practiced making clothing, sewn patches onto uniforms, and made throw pillows. I haven't had any problems from the machine that were my own errors.

update: working like new after 2 years"
"It was weird, I couldn't get it to sew without making loops on one side or both sides of the fabric for awhile, but after some tears and a lot of frustration it just suddenly started working and it has sewed beautifully ever since. :] It's great. The pedal though takes time to become sensitive so that's really annoying because sometimes I want to start sewing slowly and the machine makes a buzzing noise but won't start until I press the pedal down further and then it starts going really fast. That's becoming a lesser occurence as I use it though."
"It is easy to set up and use. I've had a similar one before and went back with this one again. For the price, ease of use, and the quality of the machine it is well worth every dime."
Awesome and very easy to use.  Not sure about something i go to YouTube to see exactly how its done.
"It's okay, but if used semi-regularly it will require constant servicing. It's very cheap, but would probably be fine for someone who is new to sewing."
"I bought this as a gift, but I have had no complaints from the recipient. The quality is good and she hasn't had any trouble with operation."
"I love this machine.  I've been comparing sewing machines and prices for a while now.  Most where out of my price range or obvious junk.  I saw this in the store for $20.00 more so I checked Amazon and got it for less ( like I buy most big items 9 out of 10 times).  It worked great from the start.  The directions are very clear. I wound a bobbin, threaded it (super easy) and started sewing. I made a couch cover, chair cover and two dog beds so far.  No problems.  If you want a good machine for doing basic sewing this is a great machine."
"Incredibly easy to set up, use and has all the features needed for anyone w/novice or intermediate sewing skills. My 9 and 11 yr. old are able to use it with very minimal direction. Great product."
My first sewing machine and I am delighted.  Not to complicated but gets the job done for minor  repairs and heming pants.
"Initially, the machine was easy to use and figure out for a beginner.  However, after only a few uses, the machine began making horrible clunking noises and soon after completely stopped working.  Piece of junk."
"After looking at who-knows-how-many videos on Youtube, I FINALLY figured out to properly thread it. Great for beginners, once you figure out how to get started."
"She just turned 11 and she learned quickly how to thread both the bobbin and the thread. It's easy to use and understand. One reason I like this is the price and another is the free arm. It's lightweight and since she doesn't have a permanent place to keep it out  that will be nice. I've had my machine for 8 years, and other than some thread jamming (my fault) it's been great. I only use the most basic things on it."
"I bought this to learn how to hem pants - that's all I needed it for! It's a great machine! I've hemmed about 10 pairs so far, making this worth it!!! The needled worked on jeans, even - I heard you should change the needle as it may break. But it's done well!!"
My daughter (10) really likes this machine! I have a more computerized one that I like better. The bobbin in this one is a bit complicated to take out/ put in. But works well for her purposes.
"My daughter got this for Christmas and really likes it. It a basic machine, not to complicated and easy to use. The price is good for a beginner machine. Works great!"
This was a birthday gift for my granddaughter and she loves it.  She was so surprised when she opened the present.  It is a great machine for the price.
"I gave this as a gift to my granddaughter who is seven. She loves it. We have done some sewing and it has worked fine. I do wish we could slow it down but she seems to be doing great with it, although I stick at her side when she is sewing."
What a great little machine for a great price. My wife has been using this to make quilts and it has held up so far. she really works it and has had no problems so far. Getting the lower bobbing adjusted is the trick to smooth operation.
It is easy to use as announced. My daughter understood how to use and is using it and enjoy it. It is good for a girl to learn family life.
"No complaints. I got this machine for my wife as a learning unit and sewing was so simple that even I picked up on my families 20 year old trade of sewing.

In brief... It works and even sews double folded denim."
"Easy to set up and very user friendly. I would recommend this to anyone wanting a good, basic sewing machine."
"The price for this sewing machine was very reasonable. Now I just need someone to remind me as to why i bought this machine in the first place. It is still sitting in the plastic protective bag that it came in. Maybe I really didn't need a machine that bad. That being said, I would highly recommend this sewing machine to anyone, especially if you plan on using it."
"I Did not receive the Brother LS225i Easy to use everyday sewing machine with 10 stitches as ordered, your assistance is greatly appreciated Thanks Dorathea Pendergrass."
Perfect size and capability for simple sewing.  Easy to use!!  I highly recommend this sewing machine!!  Delivered just as promised.
"It is small for my grand daughter to use. I was disappointed it did not come with needles, bobbins, tool kit ect. I also wish it came with the little cover to keep dust out of. I just could not afford the case at this time. All in all very nice."
"I haven't sewn since I was a teen in the 60s. I began a new project and needed a sewing machine. This smallish machine has most of the features that a big expensive one has, and yet performs better than most. AND it was only $69.99, much less than in the local sewing stores. I really love it!!"
This machine was exactly what I was looking for.  Simple to use and thread but sturdy enough to sew jeans.  The price was outstanding and Brother has always been a great brand.
"My Brother. My poor, poor Brother. I have put him through so much in the last ten or so years. I think I paid about $100 for it, and boy has it been worth it!
I've made the poor machine sew all sorts of fabric, vinyl, leather, odd accents like feathers onto fabric. Granted, it does not perform like a $500 machine, so don't get too excited. All I'm saying is that I have not been able to break this machine in almost a decade of use and abuse.
I do oil it frequently but have never bothered having it serviced."
"My daughter was thrilled  with her new sewing machine. I recommend this!((thank you for your wonderfulcustomer service,Diane in Reno.....NevadaThanks again !"
A great little machine if you like me don't do a lot of sewing. I don't need all the fancying stitching.
Bought as a replacement for a sewing machine that is  40 yrs old. Just what I needed. easy to use! I would recommend for beginner and those of us who sew infrequently.
"this machine does everything she wanted plus some extras,,was her best Christmas gift,, has been sewing since she got it."
"Can you go wrong with a BROTHERS???!!!  This was purchased as a gift for my daughter-in-law.  She has used it
many hours and loves it.  She has totally gotten into sewing.  It runs fairly quitely and has given not one little problem."
This is a good product if you don't believe search it up in  you tube then you'll see how good of a produvpct it is
We orderd this machine  shipping r very good & fast but I am not happy with this machine it's not working properly I am getting confused don t but this iteam
I do not know anything about this sewing machine as i got it as a gift for a sweet lady who wanted a cheap computer but i opted to get this one because it wasn't expensive and i had just purchased a brother machine for myself and like it a lot.  She loves having her sewing machine but i do not think she has used it as yet.  I am sure it is fine.  She had never had a sewing machine she said so it was a precious gift for her.
"Ordered this as a gift for my daughter.  Did not work at all (meaning motor ran but nothing happened.  Called Brother and they suggested I bring it to a repair location or return it.  I am returning to amazon.  Woman very nice, she said she would send me shipping label."
I bought this in one of the special buys for a Christmas present.  She loved it.  Have not heard how the machine works but she lave having a sewing machine again.
"You get what you pay for in this one. I pd $50 during a holiday sale because I don't need a sewing machine often, but when you do need one there is no substitute. This get basic jobs done."
I bought this for my 11 year old daughter as her first sewing machine. It was supposed to be a Christmas present but she was given it a few days early so she could use it to make presents for others. It was easy to set up and use. She didn't need much help to get started. It has all the basic stitches needed and was easy to thread. Everyone in the family now has new pillows thanks to this machine. The best part was getting it during a lightning deal and saving even more money. It's well worth the regular price though.
"This arrived well packed and in a timely fashion. I bought this for my daughter in law, she has not yet used it, however I am sure she will love it."
This is the best sewing machine I ever had it is so easy to use I would recommend this machine to everyone
"Pulled this thing out of the box, (a gift for Christmas) and tried it on an old sock I was going to throw away. A sock apparently was too thick, the thread broke and  would not move through at all when I tried the zigzag stitch. This was just my boys' polyester sock from Walmart, so nothing amazingly thick. This thing is a wimp!

Update: trying to use it on a project with thinner material, the needle keeps coming unthreaded and it's generally just a pain to use. My mom got this for me on a Black Friday special for $30. I wouldn't pay more than that for it, it can do some things but it's driving me nuts!"
"MY husband got this for my as a Christmas gift :)

It is simple/easy to use, easy to figure out, and I can't really ask for more than that.  I'm a complete beginner with sewing and make crocheted products that I sell currently, so this was a great idea to suit my needs.  The one thing I don't like so far is that it seems to come unthreaded pretty frequently and it would be really beneficial to include a easy threader (the little foil ones) with this machine to help out with that.  The pedal doesn't stay flat on the floor well (idk, maybe the cord is a little short overall) and when I want to go sew with it I have to feel around with my foot, put it back down flat, etc when needed.  It's plastic so it's not very heavy (the pedal)."
I bought it as a gift and the recipient was delighted with it. She's able to use her creativity to create clothing and do repairs.
"Yes, I bought this for a present, she wanted one -- we're big fenminist Nazis, so left Marx is looking left at us types.
She uses the heck out of it and loves it. It is, to be sure, not top shelve, but she has made all sorts of stuff with it.
The peddle should be more sensitive."
"Got this sewing machine as a gift for Christmas for my mother. She likes the size of it, but it is a little heavy."
This was bought in October for a Christmas present that I now can't return due to a 30 day return policy. 4 grown adults and 2 women who sew all the time tried sewing on this machine. Either the upper thread would break or it took 15 or more minutes to draw up the bottom thread. 18 hours 6 hours a day were spent trying to teach my granddaughter how to sew on this machine and you know what we finally made an eight inch pillow!!!!! Now we cant thread the machine at all. I now have to take this machine to a shop that will probably cost as much as the machine did. And seeing how this was a Christmas present I will probably have to buy another sewing machine Well it won't be a Brother !
I love this sewing machine. It's easy to use and gets the job done. Very lightweight and easy to store. Good for beginners and for the seasoned pro.
This sewing machine is absolutely perfect to use to learn to sew. It is well made and is worth every penny.
I purchased this machine for my teenage daughter (beginner).  She had no problems following the directions and is up and sewing a stuffed animal.  Price was perfect and shipping was amazingly fast
Replaces our old end table pop up sewing machine.  Very easy to use.  A lot of useful functions to work with!
"I like it very much. fast, comfortable, very happy I brought it. It is really easy to use. great. I love it."
"As a beginner, this has been a great choice.
Super easy to use, no problems using for a variety of projects so far. Just what you need."
"I have not used my sewing machine yet but I will very soon. It was a very good price. I am satisfied with the way it look. Thanks Amazon, you're the greatest!"
This machine is easy to use.  Has many options in stitch selections and doesn't take up a lot of space.
I bought this as a gift for my sister and she love it. All it needs know is to be used and hear what my sister has to respond with her two or more months of usage. i highly recommend this product to anyone who want to purchase it as a gift to a sewer.
This is an awesome machine.  It is small but very mighty.  I would recommend it to anyone that asks me.
"Really great sewing machine for the beginner, very easy to use and works great!"
"For the price, this is a good machine. I have to laugh at some of the disparaging reviews here, such a people throwing a tantrum because their machine didn't come with an instruction manual. We do live in the digital age, right? Go to brother.com for god's sake! Watch a YouTube video--there are several. It was a bit tricky getting the bobbin thread to get picked up by the needle, and it took me a few runs to understand the correct tension settings, but I figured it out. One always has to adapt to new machines, whether it's a blender, washing machine, etc. Have a little patience."
My daughter wanted a simple machine for Christmas.  I have this machine and I love it.  It is a great basic machine that works well.
I will not have a comment until she starts using it.  It is a Christmas present.  I did not even open the box.
"My wife wanted a small, portable sewing machine to do small projects, mends, and arts and crafts.  We shopped around but this little beauty fit the bill.  Great price, good quality and size.  She loves it and we recommend it for the ""weekend"" seamstress with light jobs and arts and crafts on the mind."
"Machine is easy to use and easy to thread.  I am a beginner, but have a little skill. This is not heavy-duty enough for me.  Gave this to my daughter-in-law - she wanted one for karate patches, boy scout patches, etc.  She likes it for this use.  It is quite noisy."
"Got this unit, took it out of the box and started following the directions on how to thread it. Got as far as the part where you put the thread in the needle. The needle was descended into the unit. I tried turning the knob to raise up the needle. It only turned part of the way and hit a hard stop. Tried the other way, same result. The troubleshooting guide provided no solutions.

Next step, call the service center. Problem: there service center runs on eastern time hours and weekdays only. No evening or weekend hours. Scheduled some time to call in (you'll need to plan for it, fifteen or so minutes on hold). Turns out I got a defective unit. No service centers in San Diego. I've got to drive an hour north of here to take it in for service.

Two hours to take it up there and back to drop it off, and another two hours when it comes time to pick it up.

You can roll the dice. Maybe you'll get a good one and not have any problems. Or you might get a bad one like I did and have to end up just throwing it out because it's not worth spending four hours dealing with it hoping this will get it fixed.

It's cheap junk if you ask me."
"this is a real nice sewing machine, it does real good sewing, nice size, easy to use and a good price"
"I love this machine.  It is not very heavy.  There are many functions.  I don't use some of them, such as button maker."
"Small and compact - everything I need it does.
Very reasonable price and I exactly got what I wanted!
In the physiacal stores the same item is more expensive (don't ask me why!!! I don't know.....)
Yes it has 10 stitches - but I don't need more - for basic sewing itis MORE than enough
And if you are experienced one - more and more than enough - just add some fantasy :)
Bought 10 months ago and I had never experienced any problems - it works like the clocks!
Very very very satisfied with my purchase, THANKS!!!"
"I've had this machine for over 10 years. I use it very frequently to hem jeans, husband works pants ( heavy cargo material) and sew many items for my kids. This is machine is awesome . It has withheld the test of time and usage and I have had no malfunctions. Recently I have really gotten into sewing as I am very petite and have to alter all my clothes to get the right fit and ordered additional feet.

I would highly recommend this machine to any beginner and anyone looking for a durable machine on a budget."
"Love it!! Good sized machine, sews simple things great, easy to get started! Just like the one I used as a kid in the 70's."
"I bought one  after reading the good reviews  well  it was a lemon and returned it for an exchange that one was a lemon as well .so returned it  we get what we pay for how true .  this was quite a few months ago and just recently someone gave me and older brothers sewing machine  it even is made out of metal ,much nicer machine and does so much more  .and it works !!"
This is a great beginner's machine.  The instructions are simple and easy to follow and I have thus far had zero issues with anything.  I highly recommned this machine if you are doing simple sewing projects that need a quality touch.
"Got this for ourselves since my Singer cabinet sewing machine hasn't been working well for quite a while. Easy to use and if you have any problems, just go on YouTube and watch how some one sets this up with the thread. Does a good job and just remember to use the proper grease to oil this when using."
I bought this for my adult daughters birthday... her first sewing machine!  Very nice little machine!  we are both pleased!
"Came on time, no damages.

great price.  Used it a few times and so easy to handle.  I have no problem with it. Low noise."
What a wonderful little machine. I purchased this for my mother because she wanted something simple and this one is great. It was so easy to set up and has many nice features. For the price I am amazed. I have a Brother Project Runway and love it. Singer never again. I am sold.
I bought this for my granddaughter for Christmas.  We haven't used it yet.  It arrived in perfect condition.  I think it should be perfect for a new sewer.
"easy to learn and operate for an absolute novice. for a visual lerner you need to do instructions by video for(bubbin,threading etc) people like me."
"solid starting sewing machine. i've had this for a number of years. comes with foot pedal and easy to put together. basic stitches, but what more do you really need initially? it has all the useful types of stitches, can do 4 hole buttons. can freearm for sleeves. has a light (though a bit weak... i wear a headlight (princeton tec EOS is solid)).

realize the bobbins it uses are wider than the kind you might find at walmart. buy the right size.

highly recommend as a beginner machine. i'm still using mine after 4+ years to do basic repairs and embroidering and stuff. now that i have time, i'm going to try some dresses for the kids. youtube has excellent video tutorials."
"I still have this machine

it is very good for hemming pants jeans etc...

no problems at all with this purchase !!"
It is a good sewing machine for the money you pay. This machine is hard to thread and gets tangled up a lot.
"I LOVE this sewing machine. I have has this machine for one year now and it is still working great. Easy to set up and extremely easy to use. It has all of the necessary stitches for any basic project. Needles included sew easily through a variety of fabrics and materials. Love all of the accessories, plenty of bobbins to keep several different colors of thread ready to use. Lightweight and super functional."
"I have had this machine for about 7 years now and it is truly a lemon.  I enjoy sewing but this machine makes every task more difficult than it needs to be.  The tension is always a problem.  Thread will lock on top or under the fabric.  The bobbin does not wind properly.  It always winds more thread at one end than the other.  When sewing the bobbin always ""pops"" and the thread comes out of the little slot where it is supposed to be causing the thread to bunch up and wind around the bobbin case.  The thread also snaps often.  It can take several tries to sew a simple seam.  I spend more time fixing the bobbin than actual sewing.  The only think that helps a little is to re-oil the machine.  I have to do this EVERY time I sew and then it does not ALWAYS help.  I would not suggest this machine to anyone, especially people that are new to sewing because it will frustrate them to no end.  Save yourself a hassle and buy a different machine."
"This is my first sewing machine. The threading instructions were so unclear that I couldn't ever get it threaded. I had my mom try, since she has a machine and has been sewing since before I was born. She couldn't even get it threaded, and said the threadcutter was missing. Then the foot popped off in her hand, and we couldn't get it back on. The whole thing is back in the box and shoved under a table now. Maybe I'll try to find a you tube video in a couple of months. For now I'm just frustrated and displeased."
"Delivered broken in 3 places, and was missing the needed accessories to set it up.  It was also packaged very poorly, and had a surface extension meant for a different machine."
"This machine is the worst sewing machine I have ever used in my entire life. I have been sewing since my grandmother taught me when I was little and over the last four years I took a hiatus. I decided I was going to purchase this sewing machine after reading some reviews and seeing the affordable price offered. Even though I knew how to sew I thought this item would be a great ""getting back into sewing"" machine for me to use. After setting it up I immediately started having problems. Firstly, the tension on the machine is horrible. The thread constantly tangled and broke and the needle had even broken off. After a little over a week of trying to put up with the machine with no luck, I returned it. I ended up buying the Brother CS6000i and have been VERY happy with my purchase and have had no problems since."
"I ordered this machine for my daughter for Christmas.  I had the exact one that I had ordered thru Amazon and I love it.
It's very easy to use and meets all the needs for sewing."
"mom said it's easy to use and a good size for a small room.  my mom used a sewing machine (brother ) in Korea and she didn't have any problem to figure out the new one. it's good they have  consistent shapes and functions anywhere.
so far so good."
"I like this sewing machine!  It's not overly complicated: easy to change out threads and needles, easy to change stitch patterns, and easy to operate.  I have yet to find a job that this machine couldn't do!  I have put together several quilts, hemmed jeans, fixed shirts, put new labels on hubby's uniform, etc.

I just make sure to not buy the cheap thread (Micheal's) because thread snapping drives me insane.  I don't know if that is true of all machines or not, but I only use thread from places like JoAnn Fabric.

Overall, this machine has saved me a great deal of money on clothes.  I can now buy more pants online and just tailor them, instead of wasting my money on name brands."
"I haven't used a sewing machine in about 10 years so I was kind of nervous about taking it back up, but this machine made it pretty easy. It's straightforward to use and has a lot of good instructions on different kinds of stitches and on machine maintenance in the manual. Threading the machine and winding bobbins go really fast and are easy to figure out. I'm doing some pretty basic sewing, so I don't know if this would serve a more advanced sewer, but for me it's great."
The machine is the right solution for common sewing and daily use. I have found it to handle all my projects
"To tell you the truth, I have not used it yet. It looks perfect tho and I trust where I got it."
"a little difficult to follow directlons to thread ... especially the bobbin but with some help by an experienced sewer got
done and all good .."
I do think it's a little loud but it works great! I will enjoy teaching my daughters to sew with it.
"Bought this for my 10 year old granddaughter and after difficulty reading the directions which were confusing to me, she is having a great time learning to sew!"
"This is my 2nd of this machine. I bought the other about 8 years ago & it still works great, but needed a 2nd machine. (My teen daughters will use the old one.) I am glad I was able to buy the exact same kind as I already have because I love it! :) It works great & there is a 25 year warranty!"
"My wife loves it, easy to use. Great for someone who uses sewing Machines every now and then. My 16 y/o daughter finds it easy to operate."
"Used only short while but love the results have received so-far.  Does everything it said it would.
Did have some trouble with threading bobbin at first but easy now that I figured it out."
So easy to use and set up. Great for home use - it's easy to load the bobbin and set up is less than ten minutes.
"It was my first sewing machine, and as much as I like yo sew this machine almost made me hate this activity (I recently got Brother CS6000i and it is so much better)

-This machine is really loud and noisy, which made the time when I actually i could sew very limited, even after I oiled it.
-It broke thread way too often, and I used good quality thread, and since it doesn't have a threader (CS6000i has one and it such nice feature) threading a needle became very frustrating

I got this machine because I was on the budget and I didn't know better, but if you are like me and tight on budget and really want to buy a machine consider buying used computerized machine, in the end it will save you time and energy."
Big mistake that cost me $16 to return this item.  I guess it was my fault for not doing more research before i purchased this item. Was looking for a smaller sewing machine.  Returning heavy item will cost you.
The machine works well. It is a pain to thread it the end piece near the presser foot should be hinged so that threading is easier.
"It does ok work. But the tension does not work. Even after I got it tuned up, after I sewed a few projects the tension is horrible again. After awhile it is more work, fixing  the tension, then any project you are doing. You have less stress and better results if you just hand sew something."
"I LOVE this because it servers the exact purpose I bought it for. Lightweight, compact and fits easily in my shelf. It is simple and works for little clothes alterations etc. My ONLY complaint is that the little lever to raise the presser foot is on the front left instead of the back left that I am used to. Probably won't bother most folks."
"I had an older similar Brother machine that was fabulous; it finally wore out from old age, I guess, and I thought this would be a replacement (didn't buy from Amazon, but paid about $50 from an online want-ads site for a virtually new machine).  While it does sew pretty well (and ignore the reviews about the tension being off, as that is the ONE thing that is fairly easy to fix on this machine; I've never had any problems with that, after a bit of tinkering to start off with), trying to get the bobbin in place is a hassle, to say the least, and trying to remove the container where bobbins and other tools are stored is a major struggle each time I try to do it.  Instructions are poor, to put it mildly.  There's no thread cutter, either, and while this may seem like a silly thing to note, it is annoying to a seamstress.  Every time you want to cut the excess thread when you're done sewing a seam, you have to stop and either pick up a pair of scissors or use your teeth!  I'm looking now for a new machine that more closely matches my old Brother."
"The single star is not for the machine, which might be fantastic if I could decipher the confusing directions while moving beyond the dire reviews about the bobbin, foot feeder, needle unthreading, etc.  Unfortunately, I never even got a chance to try -- I received a machine (one out of two ordered for myself and daughter) with no foot feeder or cord included!  I had put everything aside to await my daughter's arrival so that we could get things set up together in view of the intimidating instructions.  She discovered that it had missing vital parts.  Brother was most unhelpful (read downright arrogant)on the possibility of receiving the missing part; since it had been thirty-two days since I had placed the order with Amazon, they couldn't provide the missing part due to their 14-day (!) guarantee. I am returning the unusable machine to Amazon while thanking the higher powers for Amazon (NOT Brothers) and their return policy.  Needless to say, I will seek another manufacturer for a future machine purchase.  Moral:  Deal with Brother carefully and at arm's length."
"If you are just starting to sew, this is a perfect machine for you. It's inexpensive and easy to use. I consider myself more of an intermediate sewer now, so I will be upgrading. But this machine made many a pillows and quilts and got me to this point. Be aware that it does get pretty hot it you are working on it for long periods of time (making a blanket/quilt), so remember to take breaks often."
"I love it because it has been my only option price-wise for a long time, and it is better than hand sewing my large projects. For my smaller stuffed animals I just hand sew or they do get ""eaten"" by the machine. That is why I put 2 instead of 1 star. Because it is better than nothing.

However, I do NOT reccomend this for beginners. I recieved this as a gift when I was a beginner and would have given right up if I wasn't so stubborn. The threading really does have to be precise. There is little to no window for error. If it's not threaded juuuuuuust the right way it will bunch up your fabric, knot/break/oil up your thread,and even suck your fabric down into its writhing belly of cheap oily plastic parts. Always trim your threads really short at the beginnings and endings of seams or they get sucked in to the mess and have your seam ripper ready to redo seams when it skips a stitch. Also, never use cotton thread. A mere speck of lint and you'll have a crafting fiasco.

I do clean it between projects (every 1-7 days)and oil often, but it will still stall for 5 seconds before charging off at breakneck speed when using the foot pedal at even the slightest pressure. (apparantly it was designed to do this?) If you don't mind stopping completely to adjust or take out pins, then it is the perfect match for you. Otherwise, it's an oppurtunity to practice your zen tecniques.

The feed dog is not adjustable, so good luck with thicker, stretchy, or very delicate fabrics and multiple layers.

When I got it, the stitch selector dial was not calibrated right, so the picture on the dial does not match the stitch the machine makes when you turn it to that setting. I always practice on a scrap to make sure it's the stitch I want. Also the needle it came with broke really fast on two layers of fleece. I replaced them with normal strength needles of a different brand and it was fine.

This machine has been both the love of my life and the bane of my existence for 6 or 7 years. Better than nothing, but the bobbin is CRAZY weird, the feed dog only works with select fabrics, the foot pedal does not have adjustable speed and stalls, and mataining it and troubleshooting its various malfunctions is time consuming."
"I bought this sewing machine for basic stuff, mending, kids costumes, etc. It's a nice little machine. I do wish the power cord/pedal cord was longer."
Great easy to use.  I am a beginner and very pleased with this Brother machine.  The cost is very reasonable.
"I haven't sewn a stitch since my Singer bit the dust a decade ago. Pinterest gave me the hankering to get back into it, but I wasn't sure if I'd really make all those things I pinned, so I went with this because it's pretty inexpensive. Turns out it really is as easy to use as it claims. I've sewn 2 shirts, 2 skirts, pillow cases, a table runner and a Rambo bandana for my son..lol. I'm buying fabric faster than I can sew.

For me, sewing isn't like riding a bike. Turns out, I forgot how to do everything. Geesh. I'm figuring it out quick though and I'm enjoying it. For those having trouble with the directions, there are a lot of youtube videos for this particular machine. I'd recommend this one to any beginner."
"This machine offers so much more then what I will ever use however I have already used half of the stitches and used
the button hole maker when replacing a window covering. It requires a bit of practice but once I made three or four in
old cloth, it was a no brainer. My eyes aren't as good as they used to be so threading the needle requires me to use a
cheater threader found in those small emergency sewing kits. My only complaint and it's because of my lack of experience,
is the placing and locking in the bobbin. Though it only fits one way, it took me several times and practice to get it right. Also,
when you thread the needle, run the thread in from the front to the back. This little fact is apparently taught to everyone in sewing101... however I never took that class. If you don't thread it from the front, the needle will never catch the bobbin thread
and the frustration will only increase. Since purchase one month ago, there has not been a job that I can't repair."
this sewing machine is easy to use for beginners. not so many extras so as to get confused. It's great
"I have been sewing for over 30 years, so when my 8-year-old asked for a sewing machine, I found this one to be a good price for what seemed to be a good, entry-level machine.  Boy, have we had trouble!  No matter what we do to it, the upper thread tension is so high that it often breaks the thread during sewing and/or when trying to remove the fabric from the machine.  The only thing my daughter has learned is how frustrating this is!  I have contacted Brother, and their only reply thus far was to cut and paste the same unusable advice from their website and to tell me to go to an authorized repair center, which is 45 minutes away.  And with an air of attitude, I might add.  Not even worth it for this piece-of-junk machine.  Get the Singer one that has similar stitches and pricing."
"The first week we had it, it kept breaking needles. I figured out the needle arm was wobbly, and kept hitting the needle to the foot.  Got a heavy duty Singer after that return."
I am using this product from the time I got this and this product is good as I was expecting. I like it
"Works great for simple sewing, which is all I do.  It is awesome for minor repairs, making pillow cases, hems, etc.
I'm not sure I would know how to do much more, so don't need a fancy, expensive unit :)"
"I gave this sewing machine to a friend she does a lot of crafts and uses many different types of fabrics and she absolutely loves it .
She strongly recommends this machine."
I needed a second machine for use when vacationing and this fit the bill.  I have a better Brother machine for use at home but wanted something less expensive for basic sewing.  This is perfect.  No problems using it.
"I purchased it for my daughter & she absolutely loves it. It is not too complicated, but really serves it purpose."
"This was bought as a travel machine for my wife.  Her main machines are too heavy to carry to her groups, so we bought this because it is light in weight. We had bought another one for this purpose but it was too much like a toy.  It was loud, skipped stiches, .. anyway not suitable.
She has been very happy with this Brother. It's quiet, the stiches are even, it handles a number of fabrics with no problems, and it feels like a ""real"" machine.  And so far (it's only been a few months) it has proven itself to be fairly rugged.  It goes up and down stairs (on a luggage cart), in & out of a car trunk, rolled around, etc.  and nothing seems to affect it usabilty. She hasn't tried anything beyond basic sewing because she has other machines that she knows very well to handle those chores, but overall she is very happy with this choice."
I bought this machine for my retirement gift to myself and I love it.  It is very similar to my old Kenmore as far as threading and use.
The machine is lightweight and very easy to use. I had a singer for years and this machine works as well as my old one did. I really like the portable aspect.
I love it so much!!!! It couldn't be any better. It works so smooth and is very simple! Plus it is at a reasonable price:).
"after 8 months of working great this machine messed up while sitting in the closet. Then tension totally is broken. Having to take it to a repair shop, under warranty, but I'd not buy this machine again."
I like this product a lot. I didn't have to adjust any settings and was ready to be used. Easy guidelines to follow. I only do a simple tailoring and haven't tried about the complicated stuff so I recommend for beginners.
"I was really looking forward to trying this machine out. Brother has always had a good reputation however this is probably the WORST machine I've ever sewn on. I prefer basic machines over spending money on a bunch of bells and whistles I'll never use but what I don't like is cheap JUNK. The top thread kept coming undone. Thread kept bunching up in the bobbin case. The longest stitch length is still way too short for basting or running a gathering stitch. The machine runs rough and some of the plastic housing feels like it's going to vibrate right off. It won't sew any fabric thicker than broadcloth. I have a 25 yr old BASIC Singer Sonata that runs and sews better than this even though it needs a serious tune up. I 'inherited' this one, new in the box, and Im just happy I didn't waste a dime of my own money on it. Stick w Singer or Janome for a good home sewing machine."
"I'm new, just starting and I need something basic and reasonably priced.  Instructions are very clear (which is really helpful because I'm doing all my learning from Youtube)"
This machine was just what I was looking for. Having sewed for years on a Kenmore I was able to start sewing right away on this. Perfect for the curtains I made!!
easy to use read the manual you will be wearing your projects within a day. love that mine came with an instruction maual.
I bought this one as a gift for my wife and she's loving it...she's been using it a couple of weeks right now and so far doing good.
"I spent over an hour trying to thread this machine.  Couldn't figure out how to get the bobbin case back into its holder.  For a basic sewing machine, this should have been much easier to do!  I returned the machine. Too aggravating."
"Decided to get into sewing and went with this particular machine based on price and rating.  It is not overly heavy, and overall pretty simple to use.  Really does its job well and very satisfied."
"The manual is a bit confusing, and I'm impatient, but it is really clear if you read and learn the labels of each part of the machine, then read the process. Never used a sewing machine before, and now Im going nuts sewing everything I can get my hands on! defintely worth it!"
Gave old one to my 11 year old grand daughter. This machine does everything I want to do ( emphasis on want)
Bought this for my son and daughter in law. Every easy to use it.  They love it. Bought the case for it. Easy storage.  Fast delivery
"I use this for small and delicate projects, my other machines are sweatshop industrials. It does everything you need for normal household sewing.
The bobbin insert is a little weird, made of plastic, an you need to watch to see if your bobbin is rolling correctly out under the banana shaped thingy that guides it. It will pop out sometimes. Other than that, no complaints."
"Complete with instructions, easy to load bobbin and easy to use machine. Some controls are stiff when first purchased but operate normally after some use.. Recommend for simple machine use."
Met my expectations!!  Works perfectly.  Glad I decided to look on amazon when I was looking for a new sewing machine.
I love this sewing machine. I was able to thread it and use it in minutes. I have used it for about 4-5 hours with no issues. I would recommend this machine for those who are new to sewing. It is very user friendly.
The easiest threading machine I have every dealt with.  Well satisfied with purchase. Good basic machine recommended for general sewing.
I purchased this for my granddaughter and she is tickled pink.  It is an excellent machine for a beginning seamstress. Plus it's a back up for my more expensive machine if it should quit working.
"A very good beginner machine.  My daughter did not know the first thing about sewing so I figured that the less she needed to deal with, the better.  She is learning how it works and has made some clothes for her son already.  She has put it through the paces as she is a new stitcher.  I would recommend this machine for anyone learning to the advanced seamstress who wants just a plain jane that does the job well."
Performed well.  Ran a little rough for a new machine but easy to use. They require six more words in this review so this should cover it.
It satisfy my expectations because it is good and easy to used all stitches applications and it is easy to handle.
"I am veryhappy with it.  At first there was a little trouble with the bobbin, I finally learned, after reading the booklet.  Also at first the bobbin kept falling out.  But as of now everything seems great.  I would recommend it  to anyone.  However it does help if you have ever used a sewing machine before."
I am pleased with my brother sewing machine even thought I haven't had the time to use it like I would like to.  But my husband has used it more than I to do mending and he was very pleased.  It freed me from sewing up his needs by hand so I am glad it was simple enough for him to use
"Bought this for a gift . After 2 months it broke down didn't stitch right . Called Brother they sent my friend to a repair shop to have it fixed. After 3 days she was informed the place they sent her was no longer on their list for warranty work. She picked it up and was now told the nearest place to go was almost an hour away . This would be 2 round trips totaling almost 4 hours. When we complained we were basically told to bad!!! I used to swear by brother, the repair shop told us it's all plastic parts now and their junk!!!! Wouldnt buy this piece of junk again for a $1."
"I just love my new brothers sewing machine.
it's actually a replacement. I've had this same model before for years.. I love the ""Brother"" brand..
works just like it promises... ""Easy-to-Use"""
"While I ordered this for other individual, she was over joyed with it! The item's shipping was outstanding, it couldn't have been better. I think you for offering the product at this price."
"I purchased this machine around May a couple of months ago. Eagerly, I opened the box and began setup. The instructions might as well been written in a totally foreign language - for a beginner's machine, the instructions were IMPOSSIBLE to understand. So impossible that I took it to a tailor to try and teach me how to set it up. After a couple of hours dinking with it, I finally got it figured out. However, each time I try and sew, a new problem arises. Bad thread tension, fabric bunching up, thread bunching up on the other side of the fabric, horribly loud noise, etc. Plus the thread ALWAYS comes out of the needle, requiring re-threading every single time you want to sew something up. This machine, for my first, will be the last one I ever purchase from Brother and I now have a junk $80.00 sewing machine sitting in my room. The price may be alluring, but do NOT waste your time with this big piece of trash. I can't express in words how disappointing and frustrating this thing is. You're better off trying to hand sew a project. Waste of time, waste of money. I wish I could return it."
absolutely love this machine. simple to use and has many stitch option. probably more than i know what to do with. lol. arrived in perfect condition in a timely manner. very satisfied with my purchase. great seller
"I got this machine because I wanted to do some very simple alterations and fixes, and maybe sew a few envelope pillowcases. Many reviews said this machine was ""good for beginners."" I don't think they meant this machine is ""easy to learn/use"" but ""this is a decent machine if you don't need to do much with it and not want to spend too much.""

I am a probably a newb among newbs in terms of sewing (and a lot of other things but those are different stories). I've sewn maybe no more than two times in my lifetime. I remember using my mom's super old and HEAVY industrial grade machine. It was awesome and cool! I didn't even thread it 100% correctly and it sewed. Not so with this machine. The instructions were somewhat unclear. The ""thread guide"" in the picture looks nothing like it does on the machine. I only ""discovered"" the thread guide when the thread got caught. Now here's another issue: thread gets knotted and caught a LOT. I don't remember any of this with my mom's machine. I swear, there's a 60% chance that the thread will get knotted and caught somehow: sewing too fast, too many stops and goes, stretching/tugging of the fabric, back-stitching, etc. This machine is as temperamental as my toddler on his bad days.

I shortened some of my son's pants into shorts. They're just regular knit pants from Carter's. It was irritating to say the least. If I don't stretch the fabric slightly, it gets stuffed into that hole (you know, where the needle goes in). If I stretch the fabric too much, I end up with uneven stitches and knots and the the legs look like scrunchy. Some of the stitches knots worse than the others.

I also sewed some blackout sheets into curtains. These were probably the easiest because the fabric was medium weight and has no stretch. There was minimal knotting.

Seam allowance needs to be a few millimeters past the foot otherwise it gets bunched up between the foot which leads to crooked stitches or jammed thread.

One time, everything seemed fine and the bobbin case just fell out. Then for 30 minutes of reading and rereading the instruction and putting the case back in, the lower thread couldn't be drawn up.

I wouldn't say this is a beginner-friendly machine. It is inexpensive and it will sew if you know how to work with it. I am still getting to know it better. Probably will never use it to its full potential without bursting an artery or two."
"I got this because I am a college student and things come up that need fixed; ripped pants,  pants that need hemmed, and because I'm in a Greek organization I sew letters onto t-shirts. It works very well to sew jeans, hemming dress pants, and even creating a new button hole. I love this sewing machine, it's perfect for a college student and the uses I have found for it."
"I've used very old machines before that always gave me problems.  For awhile, I was hand sewing things, but this makes the job easier.  I'm currently working on drapes for my house and it's been a breeze to operate.  I love this and would definitely recommend it it to any novice seamstress!"
"As described, very easy to use although I have years of experience. Perfect for my needs which is typically basic sewing - making pillows or heming clothes. No problems."
"I've never seven a day in my life, but this machine was easy to use and I have made some really cool things with it so far! Love the various stitch setting, makes it versatile, all you have to add is a walking foot and maybe some ball point needles for sewing jersey material! Love it!"
"This was my first sewing machine as a beginner in sewing. It has been very durable and very easy to learn. I have been able to create various baby items, dog beds for my puppies and so on. Very much so worth every penny."
I bought this machine without any knowledge of how to use a sewing machine.  It is very easy to use and I feel as though it was money well spent!
"Easy to use, good dependable basic sewing machine. Exactly what I needed. Easy to use, and light weight, with enough versatility to handle a lot of different jobs."
Replaced an old portable 'with all bells and whistles' However just need it for simple projects. Bought carrying case for it and accessories. Keep set up in Hobby Room.
"This sewing machine did not come with instructions, nor could I ever get Amazon to ever send me the paper instruction manual to this machine.  I do not know how to thread it, so it is unusable.  A complete waste of money.  A waste of my money.  Thank you for nothing."
"Great machine, works like a dream.  Its a more basic sewing machine for the beginner. I'm very happy with it"
"i bought this machine about three months ago however i cannot get the first five stitches even though i read the manual and turn the dial or type of stitch dial i am not gettin it.

Never thought i would have this problem"
"This machine is suppose to be easy for the beginner, it's not. The tension is impossible to regulate. Thread either jams on the top or from the bobbin. It is a frustrating POS. Spend a little more and get something better! I would never buy another Brother."
"I bought this sewing machine right after buying our first house. I knew there were going to be a lot of project in our future that would involve sewing, like making curtains for my house, and personalized custom dog beds. I really love this sewing machine, it was a great cost, but very efficient. It took me a while to figure out how to use it (I have never sewn before in my life), but after reading the instructions a couple of times and watching some YouTube videos online, I was able to make curtains and dogs a plenty. I am looking forward to my next project using this machine, and recommend it to anyone who is looking for a starter sewing machine."
I have spent hours trying to get the stitch correct.  Thread all bunched up on under stitch.  Manual was no help.  A piece of junk....
If the person who wrote the instructions just spoke English as a first language so I could learn to thread it. But the manual is poorly written I have not been about to even get it threaded correctly.
"This machine seems very well made and is easy to use. This is my first machine and aside from a crash course 2 hour lesson from my mom, I'm using this machine to teach myself how to sew. Very easy to use and the instruction book is easy to understand. Very lightweight."
"As a first-time sewer, I was looking for something affordable & easy to learn. This gave me both in a size that works in my apartment. Great purchase!"
"My 9 year old daughter was given an old singer sewing machine for Christmas.  Although it had been fully refurbished, it broke twice under her use.  She had successfully used my newer brother machine, so I knew it was the machine, not her.  We replaced the old singer with this.  It is a great machine!  Very simple to understand and use.  She has made several dresses, a vest, a tie and a few other small projects with this already.  I am a very beginner sewer and I think I like this one better than my more complicated brother!"
"Took a beginning sewing class and wanted my first machine. It has everything I need, and room to grow. Stable, solid. Bobbin location is a bit strange but once reading directions was easy. I've sewn a few sets of curtains with no problem."
I tried and tried to get this product to work all to know avail.  I have a college degree and I found it almost impossible to comprehend the instructions.  I even went on YouTube to watch instructional videos.  That didn't help either.  Maybe it is because I'm a heterosexual male but this machine sucks.  I bought it to save on alteration costs.  To hell with it.  I'll just pay the money because it is not worth the aggravation to do it myself.
The instructions that come with this machine are not very clear and the machine can be hard to use. read the instructions carefully!
"I don't have any idea about how to operate such a machine, so the review is actually provided by my wife.  She says good, so this product is good."
I serge most of my garments but needed to replace my old sewing machine... This machine is a nice size w/ basic features and if you're doing regular sewing it is a great buy.
"Very simple, easy to use. No fancy digital setting or buttons - this is like the machine I learned to sew on, and am comfortable with. I don't need anything fancy. This is just what I was looking for, at an amazing price!"
I bought the brother machine for its name.  I have had nothing but  trouble since I took it out of the box.  I top thread gets wrapped around the bobbin and then it gets knotted up. The top thread keeps getting to tight and breaks. There is no need ed d to sew. I will have to buy another machine.
"It was such a great price, and it works well for the little sewing I do. Pretty basic, and yet it comes with quite a number of different stitches, so it's great. It's not difficult to learn how to use (and I'm a complete novice at sewing)."
"i wanted to buy a new sewing machine, but you know how it goes, you buy one and have to learn how to use it....well, i went through all the steps, didn't like the bobbin holder, it was hard to get to, and when i went to thread it, the arm that you need to thread the thread through did not come out of the slot no matter how many times i turned the wheel. So i though i could open it up and thread it. No way. I did not even get to use it. Oh, one of the reasons i bought it was because i had plastic bobbins and thought i could use the ones i had. Nope, the plastic bobbins ere a different size. I'll stick with my old machine."
Purchased this machine and had it delivered to my fiance's house in another state so I would have a sewing machine to use when I am there.  This machine is terrific!  I prefer to use it over the Singer machine I have at home and paid twice as much for!  I've been sewing for 46 years and would highly recommend this machine to beginners and those with more experience.
"I received this sewing machine as a gift over 6 years ago.  It was my very first sewing machine. (Please note I did not use this machine to quilt).

My favorite thing about this machine is that even with the low price, it can stand up to the abuse of a new sewer.  For the first year or so, I was horribly abusive to this machine. I had no idea about machine maintenance (cleaning, oiling, etc).  I put in incorrect bobbins and needles.  Generally my first instinct when the machine was ""not working"" (due to user error, not due to machine), was to force it to work by turning the dial with all the strength I had.  Despite all this abuse, this machine is still working well after 6 years and I have never needed to take it in for repairs.

Once I learned how to correctly use a sewing machine, I found this machine to be great to learn on.  Its very easy to use.  I have worked with everything from light weight sheer fabric, to knits, to jean fabric.  All basic stitches that you need for these fabrics are included in this machine.  The only stitch that I am not happy with is the Blind Hem stitch due being a stretchy blind hem stitch rather than a traditional blind hem stitch.  That stating, the blind hem stitch does work well on all fabrics, it is more of a preference than a negative towards the machine.

The machine is light and can easily be put in a carrying case to take to a sewing class.  Overall, I find this machine to exceed my expectations."
"I'm not a complete novice as I've used a machine before, but not for a long time.  This  machine was easy to use to get back into the swing of sewing and will be a useful  machine as I learn and increase my skills.

Sturdy, easy to thread and easy instructions."
"this is lightweight, easy to thread, easy to use, will teach my grandchildren how to use it as they all appeared interested."
"I LOVE this machine!  I had one exactly like it that I gave to my daughter.  Then I purchased a more expensive machine of a different brand, electronic.  It didn't work at all.  Finally found this old faithful at Amazon and ordered it immediately.  Has plenty of stitches for everyday work.  Great price, very few problems, very little maintenance, worked perfectly right out of the box.  This is a great little work horse!"
"I haven't used it yet. I bought it as ""back up"". I have a singer that is 7 years old and so so. My daughter has a brother, that I bought her, that I like better.
So, I look forward to using it and I bet I will love it!"
I bought this as a gift for a friend who kept borrowing mine.  I have the same machine but an older model.  She loves it and is very happy with it.  It's a great basic machine.
This is my second on and it is pices of crap. it is not wroth the time and money. the tread breqacks and tangles nd took it in many time and still nothing I will fiz it and it will work for five min or so and it will go back what it was doing in the frist places and brother can not help me to fix it i will never buy any thing that has the mane brother on it
"I have had this thing for less then two month, and it stiches terribly, its difficult to thread, and annoying to use. Do no buy this machine. Today I was using it and it actually just fell apart on me. I have no idea how if i can fix it."
I am a beginning sewer and it is perfect. The manual was easy to read and apply.i enjoy sewing and I would recommend to anyone who would like to learn.
"i bought this to supplement my cast-iron 1952 kenmore, which does not do buttonholes or zigzag.  this makes a fine buttonhole (always do a test) and several kinds of zigzag for finishing seams.  it is a bit over-fond of being oiled, but they don't make 'em like they used to. but can't beat the price for the time i saved on making buttonholes by hand.  have had not problems with it at all.  very easy to store.  not great on really thick seams, but its not designed for heavy work. its cheap!  it works!"
This is great! It works like a charm and I didn't have to go out to a store to get it!
"Purchased after my old machine of 30 years quit working.  It is a great item.  I had no trouble as listed in the other reviews.  The machine sews smoothly and is quiet, threads easily, and doesn't take up much room."
Couldn't be happier with my purchase!! Works great and totally worth the money. The perfect sewing machine for beginners. Very user friendly.
Arrived on day expected. instructions are very easy and informative. . no complaints. so far so good. very happy buyer.
"I have only used it once to make some pillows.  The price was right.  I have another inexpensive Brother at my summer home and that works well, too."
"I absolutely LOVE this sewing machine. I am not much of a seamstress, and found it to be so simple to use. I use it to hem my pants, and just recently started to make myself shear holders. Great price & great product for a beginner like myself."
"Machine sews well but machine makes noise. I""m not sure whether or not it was refurbished. I like a smooth quiet sound while sewing."
I love this sewing machine!  Love the quality and the price!  It is a great machine for a beginner but also for someone that has more experience!  It is light weight and small enough to store very easily! I love it!
"I got this for my daughter who is 10 and is learning to sew in school and she loves it, works great"
"I'm the kind of guy who worships at the alter of simplicity. If it was still possible to buy one, my cell phone would be just a phone. If I didn't live in a mountainous rain forest with high velocity wind events, my bike would be a single speed. And since I'm just doing basic seams and hems, even this machine can do way more than I'll ever ask of it.

It is light, compact, seems competently constructed, and got me thru my first project without a hitch."
"it is everything the box says it is! light, sturdy, and able to get the job done. perfect for a beginner like me"
Able to do own alterations.  Nothing to difficult but is convenient to have when a simple nip or tuck is needed
"Its very easy to use...directions are easy to read to get you started...light weight..
I used it to hem up some curtains and it was simple and easy to do..
the pre-stitch dial was easy to use turn to the stitch and begin..."
"I got it to do simple sewing such as shortening cuffs on pants and other small jobs a little too complex to do by hand. For the seventy-five buck price I was expecting a simple device that was powered by a wall-wart DC supply and having an unreliable, difficult operation.

Just the opposite. First, it's heavy: about 14 pounds, meaning lots of steel and copper in the mechanism train. Nothing shoddy. It's my first sewing machine and I spent an hour or two getting it running and practiced sewing on an old cotton sheet. I used most of the 10 settings with no trouble. Everything worked well. I kept a reference pattern I created showing most all the stitch settings.  It doesn't ship with thread so I also bought a set of pre-wound bobbins and a pack of 24 spools. This included a needle threader that was essential for me.

As an engineer I was very pleased by the quality of the mechanical components. The parts are machined and finished to a completely functional and reliable degree of mechanical perfection. I honestly can't understand how this multi-component machine can be sold at even twice the price. Just look at the bobbin assembly to get an idea of what I'm talking about. Wow.

The first job was to shorten some hiking pants. I practiced on an old pair with an OK outcome. I broke the thread many times and the stitching was not very straight. I tried a variety of settings and found some of the zig-zag stiches were too lose. The second pair went better. I learned to remove the ""storage compartment"" at front, left. This allowed the pant leg to easily fit around the arm. Also, go slow over the vertical seams.

I don't expect to use the Brother LS2125i very often but I already have a mental list of other things that need fixin."
I bought this when I was pregnant and wanting to make my daughter some blankets. I had not sewn anything since highschool which was (10 yrs ago) and it was so easy to use and handled the high load I was feeding it. The first blanket I made was one of my husbands Military uniforms mixed with fleece and it handled it great. The only thing that it doesnt have is the thread cutter on the base so I had to use scissors. For the price though you can not go wrong!!
"Works great and very good value for the money.  I've had expensive sewing machines in the past and this one works just as well.  It even survived a flood in the basement!  Bobbin is very weird and not user friendly, but if you take the time to figure it out it's ok."
"I bought this as a replacement for a xmas gift for my daughter well I got to tell you for the money it is a no brainer! good quality parts on inside not cheap plastic crap like the previous one, so if you decide you won't go wrong."
Haven't sewn much on it. Will take some getting used to since I have a high end Brother embroidery machine.  It will be the machine I bring to quilting classes.
I bought this as a fist sewing machine for a new seamstress.  I have the exact one and have had it for years with absolutely no problems. LOVE this sewing machine!
"The instructions were very clear and the machine worked beautifully.  I was looking for something simple, easy to store, and the price was right.  It may not be for ""heavy duty"" sewing, but it fulfilled my needs."
"I had a singer, not an expensive one, and this  one is better.  For the price it is great, it does not bind up as often as the Singer did.  It sews through Jean material and thin leather.  I read the manual and because I use it several hours a day some times, I oil it once a week.  I did find a problem with the upper tension, sometimes it works great and other times it doesn't.  The lower thread on the material loops, which I understand is the upper tension, I work with it for over 30 minutes sometimes, this happens when I change thread in the bobbin.  But sometimes it is fine, so I always sew sample line on a piece of scrap material before I start my sewing project.  I also bought one for my granddaughter who has just started to sew for her little girl.  My granddaughter is in her 20's, not  experienced at sewing but has turned out some nice projects.  She is also patient and reads the manual.  I would recommend it but definitely read the manual."
Bought this for my grandaughter.  She has already learned to thread the machine.  Learning was very easy with the book that comes with it.  Great machine.
love it love it love it!  It does everything I needed and more I am so happy.  Built very well!
This is the second sewing machine I buy. I purchased one for my self and I was so happy and purchased one for my grandmother i am very happy with this machine great price and great  quality.
"I am not exactly what you might call an accomplished sewer. Come to think about it, I'm not a sewer at all! I've always had trouble with sewing machines, they don't like me, or at least so it seems. I sew very little so a larger complicated one did me no good at all. I spent all my time trying to untangle the thread and figure out the proper thread tension. Then came along this Brother LS2125I and my problems went away. I decided to try the machine as it sounded almost too good to be true and simple enough that even I could operate it. When I got it I followed diligently all the directions and when finished with the setup and threading --- I and it sewed! I was so relieved and happy that I immediately got out my fancy one and it is going into an upcomine garage sale. Someone will get a good machine, but to me it was just trouble.
If you're a novice like me and want to sew, try this little gem. It makes it easy and fun. (Never thought I'd say that about a sewing machine!) It is a great, easy to learn, easy to work with super machine. A little heavy, but what the heck, so am I. Try it, you've got the potential of falling in love with a machine.

I would definitely recommend it to family and friends alike."
this sewing machine is great. I am a just starting out and the manual give great instructions on how to set your machine up. I serached on youtube for videos on how to make different things. love it!
"I bought this for my wife as a gift.  I myself had little to no experiance with sewing, and my wife not much more.  With that said, we still had it up and running pretty quickly, despite a slightly challenging instruction manual (-1 star).  Since then my wife has been using it for heming and even started making crafts.  She loves the simpicity of of it and thinks it has just the right amount of features.  I was a little wary about what to expect for cheep, ,but I also didn't want to buy something too sophisticated either...this seems perfect."
"I am new at sewing, never thought of buying a sewing machine, but I have been making bows and I was getting tired of doing the stitching manually, so I decided to get a cheap sewing machine to help me out.  I picked this one just because it was inexpensive and knew nothing about sewing, it had decent reviews so I got it.  It has been a year and I still love my little machine, I am even doing dresses and tutus for my daughter, it is super easy to use and great for newbies.  I gave it a 4 because l do have issues from time to time with the bobbin, but overall I would recommend this machine"
"I have never sewn on a machine before and when I decided to take up sewing as a hobby, this was the most affordable with the basic stitches you would need.  I have had no problems with it and I'm very glad I purchased it. It does get jammed sometimes and right now I can't figure out if it's me being a beginner or the machine, but if this ever breaks down, I would probably go with a Singer, just because the brand seems to have more history and background on sewing machines and I just trust it's name more. But this machine can give you the basic functions if you just need it to fix or hem clothes, all you would need is straight stitch and zig zag. However, I'm not sure how much this little guy can withstand if you plan on sewing for long periods. I've never taken lessons and learned to sew from mostly youtube videos, so if you're a beginner and only plan to do basic work, this is good. Since I've learned to sew though, I do wish I had a different model or something with more functions. If you plan to make sewing a committed hobby, I would suggest getting another model."
"I did not originally plan on buying this model, but found one used at a price I could not pass up.  This is a great little basic machine for me.  It has your basic straight, zig-zags, button holes and blind hem stitches.  It's not much but for a beginner like myself it's all I need.  The machine was three years old when I got it and after a little bit of oil, it runs like it is still brand new.

I have had a couple of minor issues with it. Not enough to make me regret buying the machine, though.
#1)  When I first got it, I found it impossible for the top thread to catch the bobbin thread even though I was following the directions from the manual exactly.  After an hour of pulling my hair out, I found out that a longer needle did the trick.  So, no short needles for this machine.
#2)  As many other people have commented on, the top thread comes out of the needle sometimes when I start a seam.  Pulling out another inch or two of thread before I start sewing helps, but does not 100% solve this problem.  The tension settings do seem quite 'fussy' and I have to change them often.  Frustrating, but I actually think it makes me a better sewer since I have to learn to watch for a problem and correct it before it gets too out of hand.

I will probably upgrade to a more advanced machine at some point, but for now, this model is just right.  Even brand new, it is a good machine at a good price for a beginning sewer."
"We purchased this machine for our youngest daughters 21st birthday.  I have been sewing for 35 years on a machine, she finally shows an interest.  It is easy to work work with and she loves it.  Not only a great beginner machine but if you are wanting to sew and have an easy time this is the machine for you!"
this was a very reasonable priced iten and it was what I needed having new pants that need to be himmed this is the right thing
Its a great beginner machine.....I love it so far.  Very easy to use and lightweight.  I have a lot of sewing to do....so can't wait to see what the machine can offer.
"I bought this machine to basic sewing.  It's not fancy but it gets the job done.  It runs smoothly--I've had not problems with tension and the stitches are even.  I rate it as a 4 instead of 5 because the foot pedal is very lightweight plastic and doesn't sit still on the floor very well. However, I would still recommend this product."
"The sewing machine itself is pretty good, but the directions are scattered and unclear. Had to have a friend help me with a few things, and she even had issues when she works with sewing machines for a living."
"I absolutely love my new sewing machine! Easy to use and with the starter kit and book, I have made numerous things so far.  Great price and came quicker than I expected."
"My daughter (13) loves it and it is very easy to use and figure out.  Small, lightweight, but not cheap looking or feeling."
"I bought this because the reviews were really good for Newbies, and it is awesome!!! I am a beginner and it is sooo easy to use, once i figured how to thread the bobbins, that was a pain! but now I am a PRO!! Great investment!"
it s great my friend love it and is using it alot more than before she loves it so much
"I'm not a talented quilter or tailor, but this machine was easy to set up, easy to use, and works great for the little tasks I take on!"
This sewing machine is easy to use for a beginners like me. I am so glad I bought this machine. It is such a wonderful machine .it makes me want to sew more. I ordered this sewing machine thinking that it would only be good for small projects and quick fixes. The machine is perfect for alteration and works great. This is NOT a heavy duty sewing machine and it's easy to move it. i love it.
"I wanted a sewing machine that didn't have a lot of extra gadgets and this one is perfect.  Took me a little while to figure out how to get the bobbin in, but other then that everything is very easy to operate."
This is the second sewing machine I have purchased for my daughter and this one seems to be holding up a lot better than the first one that broke after the 2nd use.  So far it is sewing for strong and easily to teach.
"I had been looking for a new sewing machine since mine is in another state, and this one was a great value and a good product."
"I bought this for my 8 year old niece for Christmas as she wants to learn to sew. We're still working on basic hand-sewing right now, but I've tested the machine out and feel it's a decent starter sewing machine.  It offers enough stitching selections, and I like the small built-in storage case, though it's not terribly practical (you have to keep your spare parts and bobbins in a ziplock bag otherwise they'll spill out when you remove the case).  The one thing I definitely wish were better:  the foot pedal speed.  It's almost impossible to get it to run slow and that will be difficult for an 8-year old to manage.  That being said, it was only $60 and I give that a good value for a basic starter machine."
"I gave it 4 stars because I am a novice sewer and I found some of the directions a little confusing.
My friend came over and set up the machine and it's fine..it's lightweight and good for my purposes.
I am creating linings for crocheted purses..
I would recommend with hesitation."
"I got this machine a couple of years ago to use for basic sewing projects.  I always thought, ""I don't use my machine often enough to justify a more expensive machine,"" but over the years my opinion on that has slowly changed.  In fairness, I do use the machine more than I did when I bought it - probably about once a month to once every 2 months.  Still, I'd use it even more if the darn thing didn't cause me so many headaches.

This machine has more tension issues than any other sewing machine I've ever used, including my mom's antique 1930's machine.  With most projects, I've always been able to fix the tension to correct the frequent bird nesting.  The problem occurs often enough that it's very, very annoying, but workable.  However, for the past few days I've been trying to make a baby quilt.  I got the top done without too many problems, but when I try to actually quilt....ugh!  The claim that it can free-form stitch is just a joke.  There is no quilting foot and the tension gets so messed up when you cover the feed dogs (you can't just shut them off, it includes a little snap on cover instead) that it's useless.  So I finally decided to just do a basic wavy line with the feed dogs engaged.  I didn't have any problems when I practiced on a practice quilt made from leftover pieces, but I got half way through the actual quilt and the stupid thing started having tension problems again.  Now the underside of the quilt has bird nesting going on and this time I can't fix it.  The project needs more tension and the tension dial is already on max.  I even tried changing the bobbin tension, but that made things worse.  So I have a half completed quilt that I spend a lot of time and money on, but can't finish.  Time to start saving up for a more advanced machine.  Next time I'll be sure it has the accessories I want and a few extra to grow into."
My machine was set up and ready to go as soon as I threaded it.  Easy Bobbin threading and easy Needle threading. I have already made a purse and a few other things.  I love it! Great for simple crafting.
This is the 10 one I have had and the only sewing machine I would buy. the Brother holds up better than anything I have ever tryed. you will love it .
Total satisfaction. Very easy to use and runs so smoothly. I am surprised at the great price for a good quality basic machine.
This sewing machine is lightweight .  a little noise when I run it but not bad. great deal.  I would recommend this.
A wonderfull machine. This little machine has alll the features that I need and the price was outstanding for the value received
"My sewing machine arrived right on time. I can not wait until I get the chance to use it. Thank you very much, I will use it very often."
I bought this for my daughter she didn't know anything about sewing machines.  But she has caught onto this machine.  It is basic and lightweight.  Now sending her to classes.  What a great investment to last for years.
"I really wanted to like this machine. Got it on a lightening deal from Santa to my 9year old daughter. Out of the box before threading or anything it was grinding. Santa failed on this one. Brother was going to send it for repair, but I just got a replacement from amazon. This second one has tension issues. Too tight, too loose. Changes within the same run. Frustrating. I spent an hour and a half working on it and finally got too frustrated. She came to me later so sad that it wouldn't work. There is no way she could work on this somewhat alone with the thread catching in the bobbin case so much.  May oil, may get new metal bobbins, but may send this second one back. I have another brother, the 400 version for embroidery and sewing, I love that one and really hate this one."
"I JUST got this machine today and was so excited! I finally bought my own sewing machine. I took it out of the box, went to thread the bobbin and the machine worked for a split second and then nothing. I think the foot control is bad. The machine has power, I have re-read the instructions a hundred times, turned it off and on, tried everything I can think of and it still won't work. Am I doing something wrong??? I am a beginner but have used a sewing machine enough to know the basics and can read and follow directions. Is there a trick that I am missing? I didn't even get to try one stitch! I am really disappointed and am now skeptical of this model in general. I hope it's just something I am doing wrong and not the actual machine. Boo!"
very easy to thread and sew with this machine basic features and a few extras only problem is it don't have a high and low speed other wise very good
"I do a lot of sewing, and teach it to Middle School students.  I was looking for something basic for an elderly Aunt who used to sew, but is suffering from dementia.  This was easy to set up, and she was able to sew.  She was almost crying as I was re-teaching her and encouraging her.  She sewed a lot all of her life, and being able to do it was painful, as she knew she had forgotten how to do it, and joyful, as she realized she could do it!
The POINT of that story is that the machine worked perfectly, and made it easy for her to sew a nice seam.
I am not sure how well it would take to constant use, but she has been sewing a couple of hours every day since Christmas (3 weeks) and there haven't been any problems with the machine."
This is a nice lightweight machine. I have another Brothers machine that is about 40 years old. that is one reason I chose an other Brother machine. Just wanted something for my daughter to start out with. I hope it will last as long as mine.
This machine has a short spindle for the large  spools of thread. Solved the problem with a drinking straw. Cut it just taller than the large spool of thread and put over the short spindle- voila problem solved. The rest  of the machine is great for basic sewing- easy to use-thread- and fill bobbin. I will say as I am older Iuse a threader (the little metal gizmo with wire loop) but for the price of this machine it has many extras.
"I have never sewn. This was an impulse buy during black friday. With a minimum of instruction from my hubby who actually had Home Ec. way back when, I have sewn a dog coat and doll dress. It is really easy and loads of fun. The other reviews saying it has only one speed are not using the foot pedal properly. It is just like the gas pedal in your car. Push a little go slow, floor it and you go fast! I love this machine. It seems sturdy and also forgiving of my rookie mistakes."
"UPDATE after a year: My best advice : spend a little more money and invest in something you'll want to keep. It would have been easier to learn on something less simple.  While it's no frills design is simple to understand right out of the box, it is ultimately harder to use than a better machine. The issues with thread tension, bobbins and speed that I had are because it so basic. These same problems were easy for more experienced friends to figure out (but not always fix), but as a beginner it was hard to work with. Now that I am more experienced, I wish I had bought an easier/better machine. I would have learned faster and had less frustration and mistakes.

This is the first sewing machine I've used on a regular basis and the first I've bought for myself. Pros: easy to start, easy to follow instructions, lightweight and basic which is what I wanted. Cons: I think it's the tension in the thread based on other reviewers that causes it to frequently unthread the needle or have the bobbin thread become disorderly. I am honestly not certain what goes wrong. However, despite the cons I am able to use it with only occasional interruptions. I plan to take it in to a shop at some point and see if it can be fixed cheaply. If I was in the same price range I would buy it again, but I would generally say spend the extra cash and get a higher end model."
We purchased this for my daughters sewing class. It arrived on time and was neatly packaged. Everything worked and she is still enjoying the sewing machine! I have no complaints with this purchase and would definately purchas again from this seller. Thanks!
"This is my first sewing machine that I own and I love it, it works perfect. I borrowed a Singer from my mother in-law and the directions was so confusing, and when I finally figured it out I continually had problems with the thread tension and the bobbin jamming. It also had only one speed which was really fast so I could never sew a straight line.  So i finally bought this machine and I haven't had a problem yet. The directions was so much simpler and detailed for me to understand (mine didn't have other languages so I don't understand what others are referring to). The first two days I did nothing but work on up-cycling my husbands old clothes for me and hemmed several pants. My lines are straight and I couldn't be happier!"
"This product was great . I would recommend to anyone anytime. Thanks you
This product was great . I would recommend to anyone anytime. Thanks you"
"Although nothing is perfect, this machine will not stay threaded and the tensioner is too loose. For the price I guess that I can deal with it. I would suggest that the manufacturer work on improving these issues."
"This is the worst machine I have ever used!!!! I've been sewing for over 30 years, and have used many different brands. Maybe I just got a bad machine, but it makes me hate sewing.  Very unstable, tension is always out of wack, and it can't sew through more than two layers of thicker fabric."
"This is a very good machine for anyone who is learning to use a sewing machine. It has a lot of great features, its lightweight, and its very easy to use. Its a quality product with a reasonable price tag. It arrived as scheduled too. I would recommend it."
"This is my first sewing machine.  I wanted a basic machine to work on.  I figured the fancier the machine, the more parts that could likely malfunction.  I've used other people's machines before, like older Singers Kenmores.  I'm very impressed with this little machine.  So far, I haven't had any trouble with it.  I got it a few weeks before Christmas, and I've made a ton of projects, my kitchen curtains, several simple garments, gifts like aprons and fabric totes.  It's awesome :).  I will say that some of the instructions in the manual aren't very clear.  I performed some maintenance and even my engineer husband had trouble making sense of the some of the pictures.  Some of the pictures don't seem to match this particular model.  You can find a ton of tutorials on YouTube for threading the bobbins and other things.  I recommend this machine if you're looking for some simple and affordable."
"Made my daughter happy with this more than a basic, basic machine. She can now explore what she can do sewing and can easily move beyond the basics with this reasonably priced machine."
"Nice and simple machine perfect for my projects at any level of experience good machine & highly recommended.
Recommend Singer sewing bag for storage and traveling!"
"this is a mid-range sewing machine with some flexibility, and this is the machine. I sews quickly and flawlessly, and is super easy to learn. my wife love it"
"To start I've got two decades of sewing background and I am currently working as a seamstress. I bought this machine because my $2000 Bernina needed lengthy servicing and I couldn't possibly be without a machine for close to a month. I was also testing the machine out for a friend that is looking to buy one and learn to sew.

First off, this machine is LOUD....very very loud I was afraid I'd wake up the napping baby while using it. My Bernina is quiet so it was quite a difference.

Second, this machine is good when making straight simple forward stitches. The moment you try to back stitch anything it tangles itself and needs to be rethreaded. It also has a slight pull to the outside when working with fabric so you feel like you are constantly tugging in the other direction just to make a straight stitch.

I see a lot of people say its good for a beginner but I would beg to differ. A beginner shouldn't have to fight with a machine in order to make it run straight. Sewing should be easy and fun, not a battle."
"Was looking for an uncomplicated (but not basic) sewing machine to do a little patch working exercise and I found exactly what I wanted in this product.
Had used my Mum's sewing machine years ago but still remembered how to load a bobbin, thread the machine and load the bobbin...but even without this aged experience, I would have found the instructions to point.
I actually ended up sewing some materials of different thicknesses together (onto a fleece type blanket) and this machine handled my project really well.
I would recommend this machine for its versatility and price."
It's lightweight.  Sews smoothly.  I used it to fix the fabric on my sofa's cushion.  The cushion fabric is a bit thick and the sewing machine was able to handle it.
"I needed a basic sewing machine for hemming, repairs and quick projects, nothing fancy.  This fits my needs perfectly.  The machine is easy to thread and does exactly what I need it to do.  This would be a great beginners machine for someone just learning to sew, or is a great machine for someone that doesn't need a machine for extensive tailoring."
"Simple, easy to use & limited purpose makes it a great beginner's or a handy sewing machine. I'm a no handy/crafty person. I have used a sewing machine may be twice my whole life before while still in high school to help out my mom. I'm a petite frame person, the reason why I bought this is to hem my dresses/pants shorter myself so that I could save some money on those alterations.

This machine more than just fulfilled my purpose! Its light, gives you option of using up to 7 different styles of stitches, uses power cord so has good power(unlike battery operated machines) and has everything else a small at home sewing machine needs especially for the price.

I'm planning to sew some square flannel blankets next month for my baby arriving in April!!"
"I purchased this sewing machine for my 7 year old daughter for Christmas.  This was her big gift from Santa and she was so excited when she opened it.  I spent the better part of Christmas day trying to get the lower thread to set.  The removable bobbin shuttle is not the problem, the problem is that the thread simply will not catch. The instructions are unhelpful and after various online searches (YouTube, etc.) it seems I am not the only one with this issue.  My daughter was in tears at the end of the day and since it was a Santa gift she wanted to know why it wasn't working.  You let me down Brother!  This machine left me with no solution but to pack it up and ship it back.  I'm not new to sewing machines, my grandmother made prom and graduation dresses and I remember sitting with her old Singer and watching her sew for hours.  That said, I consider myself to be a beginner and purchased this machine with confidence that the setup woult be simple.  It was not so.  I would not recommend for a beginner.

I'm looking for a good, easily threaded machine, if anyone would like to recommend one."
This brother sewing machine is really nice. my daddy use it for sewing jeans and it works perfect all the time.
The machine is easy to use. Wish machine makers would make a larger bobben as the thread runs out fast. The bobben is very easy to load but some times it runs out when I am sewing.
I am still learning to use the machine but have done some minor repairs and 2 dog coats and it has been great to work with
"I am no expert when it comes to sewing, but I have dabbled in sewing since childhood. My mother always had a Singer sewing machine and recently transitioned to brother. I bought this one after using hers. It is easy to use and works great. Well worth the price."
"I keep getting compliments on the work that i do with the Brother, the only reason why it didn't recieve a five is because it is a bit tricky to get it started. Otherwise, it is a great machine."
This machine is great for beginners or basic sewing. Easy to use and come with some accessories. Other accessories available to purchase so thats a bonus also
I have never used a sewing machine. This is a really simple unit to use you will love it. Love it!
"Be very careful if ordering as a gift for someone in your household.  I ordered it for my daughter as a Christmas present and the shipping label was just stuck on the box.  My daughter came home from school and saw it sitting on the doorstep in the box which is complete with photos of the machine.  Huge disappointment, it will be returned."
"I've been sewing for 54 years and this is one of the best machines I've owned.  It's simple enough to thread, will do the stiches I use most, and will be great for teaching my granddaughter how to sew."
"I didn't know how to sew, and with this sew machine is very easy, and you can learn fast. And the price is amazing. It doesn't weight so much, so you can move wherever you want to. it's a very good product to buy."
I bought this sewing machine for my mom in law who has over 25 years professional experience sawing. She says the machine sews great for this price and seems solid. She used it only once so far and I will update my review if anything changes.
"I bought this as my first sewing machine. I use to sew when I was younger but recently decided to get back into it... i read some good reviews on it so I bought it... worst mistake EVER! I've read the manual repeatedly and even had a seamstress come over to help me figure it out but no matter what I run into these problems EVERY time I use it... fabric gets pulled down, bobbin thread binds up, foot pedal is all or nothing... I would NEVER recommend this to anyone. I can not wait to buy another one and put this one in the garbage where it belongs. what a waste of money!

UPDATE:

Its now coming apart at the seams for no reason... its never been dropped or set down hard. The bobbin winder doesn't always work for some reason. I'm guessing it has to do with the fact that its literally coming apart at the seams for no reason. I have not been able to replace this yet because I haven't had the money to upgrade. it's SO frustrating!"
"On Black Friday, I purchased this one first.  Then latter, there was a Singer that I had been seriously looking at.  I bought that too.  Seeing how I can only sew on one machine at a time......I returned this one.  Hope I made the right choice.  The women in my family were ALL Singer fans.  I'm carrying on the tradition!"
"I can't imagine this machine for beginners. There is only one speed, and it is very difficult and slow to start stitching; you have to really push down on the foot pedal to get it going, then when it does finally start stitching it takes off really fast. The bobbin is very awkwardly placed, compared to machines where it just pops in from the top."
I started taking fashion design classes about a year ago. One of my teachers suggested I buy this one and well I did. It is really cute plus easy to use.
"first time ever sewing. never touch a sewing machine but the instructions/ picture helped a lot. aside from what everyone else said, there are different speeds ( at least in my experience). The bottom spool runs out fast which is a down side. You need to open it up more often to refill it.

Overall very nice."
The item arrived on time and it is as good as it is advertised. I installed it with ease and I am very happy with the product. I highly recommend this item.
"I'm not very experienced with sewing machines, but I've never had this much difficulty with any other sewing machine. It constantly tangled and broke a few needles in the process. Not happy with it at all."
This was the perfect sewing machine for those that don't sew a lot.  It is light and portable and easy to use.
"My daughter is learning how to sew. The instructors own a sewing machine and vacuum shop, so they suggested the top-of-the-line products...which we definitely weren't going to buy until she really knows how to sew well. So far, this has been a great product and holds up to her sewing all the time. I've even thought about buying another one just for me!"
"I bought this for my 8 year old granddaughter for Christmas...Of course I had to play with it...It is not a bad machine for the price but I will stick with my Janome, which I love...Now the 2 of us can work on our quilts at the same time....Waiting for Christmas is hard because the look on her face will be truly priceless...."
"I had been looking for a used sewing machine because I didn't want to drop a lot of cash but I couldn't find anything that was decent for under $100. I don't sew anything fancy.  I was looking to make recieving blankets, tie onsies, small toys, boppy covers, etc for my soon to be LO. This is FANTASTIC for this application and the price is right.  I have already gotten my $$ worth out of this machine and I'm yet to have a problem.  I would recommend this to the occasional sewer."
Love this machine! Very easy to use and lightweight. Got here in a very quick time with all necessary paperwork for warranty and everything
I gave this to my niece for her 10th birthday. This is her first sewing machine; she loved it and has been sewing like crazy. I would recommend this machine for beginners; it's such a good deal.
"Its simple yet has everything to different stiches to a compact box to put lil tools in a small great size. Works well, the product is perfect!"
"I've never owned or operated a sewing machine before and this is my first one. It is lightweight and easy to understand. My manual is my best friend and so far I have had a lot of fun. I'll review again after a few months but so far, so great!"
"I ordered this machine last month and it was broken when I got it. the pattern selector button would not turn beyond 6.  I've since had it repaired... but I'm very happy about the buttonholer and the lightness of the machine.

l heider"
"I've had this machine for almost 2 years now, and it is very easy to learn how to use. Almost all the basic accessories a beginner might need for machine-sewing is included. The instructions booklet is also very clear. However, when I decided to buy this model, I was only a beginner and did not realize that most of my sewing project would end up requiring more than a ""lightweight"" kind of machine.

The greatest problem I keep running into with this machine is when the thickness/weight of the fabric I'm sewing suddenly changes, the machine would screw up the thread tension. This causes long tangles of the upper thread to collect at the bottom, which could get very frustrating. (Not only does it look ugly, but the stitches would be loose and threads would get caught in the machine if you try to continue. There is no way around it.) The only way to fix it is by re-threading both the upper thread & the bobbin, change the stitch setting (e.g. if you were initially using straight stitches, change to zigzag), sew on a scrap piece of fabric, change back to the initial stitch setting, and sew again on a scrap to see if the stitch has been fixed (usually it has). You'll also need to repeat the same ritual if the top thread gets accidentally de-threaded or snaps, because the same exact tangling problem would happen to the top thread.

Another inconvenience with this machine is that it is a bit difficult to sew the edges of some fabric. The rolling mechanism under the foot that's supposed to push the sewn fabric probably needs to have a greater area to make this kind of sewing efficient. (I've used other machines in my workplace and at school, so I know that it's a problem that not all models have to an equal extent). However, this problem doesn't pose as great of an inconvenience as the first one I mentioned. You can sometimes get around this problem if you either 1) more aggressively push/pull the fabric through until the rollers at the bottom can catch a greater area of fabric to keep it moving, or 2) lift the foot and push the fabric bit by bit forward as you make 1 stitch at a time.

Having said that, I am still rating this machine 4 stars because, even when I'm upgrading to a better machine soon, I really don't feel the need of having too many more stitch settings. The 10 that I've used in this machine are really the most useful ones. Also, I didn't really need to buy extra accessories aside from an invisible zipper foot, a few needles for special kinds of fabrics, and extra bobbins. At some point, I found the machine really annoying because it got noisy, but that can be easily fixed with proper oiling as instructed in the booklet. Also, sometimes it amazes me how this machine can manage sewing very thick fabrics and get it done properly with a universal needle (the very same one that comes with the machine). The foot can also go up quite high, which gives this machine some advantage against some other models. I know some other sewing machines that may seem more stable and computerized, but are totally useless in sewing bigger bulks of fabric just because the foot won't go up high enough.

In short, if you are looking for a machine for sewing very basic kinds of fabric & relatively easy projects, this is a great & very affordable model. However, if you're more ambitious, getting a tougher, more costly machine would save a lot of your time & energy from trying to fix various errors that might occur with this model."
"I am new on sewing.  I want to share this with you  -- this is a very user friendly --eery easy direction and easy to set up.  I do recommend this for new and young sewers.
I absolutly love this little lightweight machine -- and it has a great arm rest section - so it is very easy to sew the arms -
thank you BROTHERS
ReenaSmiles"
"Spent a little more than $60 on this thinking it would be a smaller, portable machine. When I received it, I realized it was a pretty stardard-sized machine. However, it does everything I need it to, and then some. I am currently deployed to Afghanistan, and the machine arrived to me at the time I expected. I've had no problems with it thus far--I've been using it mostly to sew patches on and make repairs to my uniforms. Great buy for $60!"
"I feel like this is an alright sewing machine that can do the job for a majority of projects. This was my first purchase of my own machine, so that was pretty great (though it was definitely higher in price when I bought it). I wish that some of the nuances with this machine could have been explained better. Also, since it's a pretty standard machine it won't sew through some of the tougher materials.

But for the price it is now, I would certainly consider it worth it."
"I bought this machine hoping to be able to make some clothes and do some repairs and save some money. I know how to sew and have used several old machines over the years. I thought a new one would be an improvement. Unfortunately it has never worked well enough to be usable and was a total waste of money. The bobbin set up is the problem. The bobbin pops out and is hard to put in right, the needle goes down and gets its thread all wadded up in the bobbin so that you have to take the bobbin out and cut the tangled thread to get the material loose. I took it to a sewing machine shop to have them look at it, and tell me if there was something I was doing wrong, and they said it worked. I took it back home and tried it once and it was even worse, without changing anything from how they had it.

Even if there is some trick someone knows to make it work, it isn't worth the trouble."
"I have had this machine for four years and it has been a long time love / hate relationship. There were times when i wanted to destroy it, they were time i loved it. As it stands this machine is just fine and I think now i can accurately rate this and outline its pros and cons.

General design
I cant say i have any problems with the physical design of this machine, I love the snap on feet, they make for quick changing while completing an entire garment, where different feet may be needed. The built in handle is handy (no pun intended) I like that is isn't anything that could break off. the only thing i would add is a hard cover case to either fit over, or slide into the machine (like my mother's singer does) I mean since it is portable, i think that would be a great addition. Speaking of which, its weight is perfect for portability - it was a life saver at a past fashion show

Stitches and tension
Of the ten stitches of this machine, I find 9 for them very useful. I think the blind hem stitch is in the wrong way. The 'point' of the stitch which is to catch the top material is toward the inside of the machine, and this makes it difficult, since the garment has to be scrunched up in the inner part of the arm of the machine. The back stitch function works great.
The tension knob seems 'unresponsive' at times, but when that happens it is most likely lint caught in the tension disks, so just loosen it all the way and spray some canned air in the space to get rid of it.

Attachments and spooling
the attachments with this machine are great. The buttonholer foot is probably my most used attachment. I also like the button foot. I have never used this machine to apply a zipper, so i cant comment on that, but i have used the zipper foot for other stitches where i needed to get close at one edge, and it worked great.

Issues i had with this machine
-My first mistake was getting bobbins that was slightly larger than the ones required, so just be sure u don't do that, that issue was my fault. The result was a machine that would stitch a few sitiches, then begin looping string around the bibbin case.

-This machine needs the material to be fed into it with no tension. I usually stretch some fabrics when sewing with my industrial machine. or i may tug on them as they are fed through. That is a big no no with this machine, it would cause the thread to loop around the bobbin case as well.

- Finally this machine is just not very powerful, It is good for sewing cotton and other light natural materials. But i don't particularly like the finish it gives with light synthetics, and it sounds irritated with thicker materials.

All in all I think this machine is great for a casual crafter or seem stress. However, if you are a busy fashion designer as i am, this would be better used as a back up for quick fixes, or for button holes. It's an ok 'beginner' machine, but you need to 'get to know' it and for some people that may be frustrating. I recommend it if you have another machine to share the work load, but if this will be your only one, i'd say get one of the more advanced brother machines."
"I have used this machine for over 2 years now for an average of 40 hours a week. I use it every day and in these two years, it has only fussed up twice when from out of nowhere my tension got crazy. But like I said, that's two times in 2 years! This is an awesomely cheap alternative to the better known quilting sewing machines and it's much more reliable than any of the higher priced brands. It runs the same day in day out and you can use generic bobbins and needles which will save you a lot of money. Also, my thread never gets shredded in either the top or bottom position.
I became driven to write this review because I just bought this machine (a second one) on Ebay, and there was NO packaging to protect it (save a few scraps of paper). The top got bent up and I was quite concerned. But I plugged it in and it still works perfectly, no tension issues, no rattling or noise making. It's working totally smoothly after a bumpy journey half way across the country. I'm blown away by it's durability. My original one was purchased in Mexico and I brought back to the US on a bus - again, no issues at all afterwards.
If you use a sewing machine as much as I do, you will appreciate that this is a work horse, which will become the most reliable thing in your life, which is very important since us sewers are usually pushing a deadline!-

For beginners it's really simple. That's it's strongest feature- it has what you need and only what you need and does it really well. It's almost entirely self-explanatory."
"I was looking for a sewing machine for my 10 year old granddaughter who had been showing interest in sewing.  I wanted to make sure to get a machine that would encourage her,  not intimidate or frustrate.  After few lessons, she was able to sew straight stitches in a nice speed and managed to make some great pillowcases for her siblings.  Key features of a beginner's machine are: Ease of handling the bobbin, ease of threading the needle and changing settings.  This machine has them all at a good price, too."
"So, after much decision and hemming and hawing, I bit the bullet and ordered this machine. Basically, I need something to help me do simple repairs at home, and maybe sew up some small projects. The box it came in was ENORMOUS, but whatever. Got over it, gave it to the kids to play with. Instant awesome-mom. I win.
It took me no time at all as a newbie sewer to thread the machine and get going. The tension was preset, and I recommend NOT messing with it unless you know what you're doing. Seriously,  Brother makes this product pretty fool-proof. Just go with it.
I read the manual, which isn't THAT confusing. It helped that my friend is a Brother user, so I just called her when I got lost.
I'm still learning the stitches and whatnot, but I feel really at home sewing. Do NOT waste your money on the $15 cheapy crap machines. Save a little, buy this one, and get started. It's worth it.
Oh, by the way, use GOOD QUALITY thread. You'll thank me."
Great machine. It's been a long time since I had sewn so I was a bit worried about remembering how to operate it but it was no problem. Just like riding a bike I guess. Have only used it  a handful of times but it seems very good quality and no complaints.
"It is an excellent product, very good quality. I recommend it to people who are interested in it. Brother LS2125I Easy-To-Use Lightweight Basic 10-Stitch Sewing Machine"
"I purchased this from Amazon.com. I read all the reviews on the Brother LS2125I. It seemed the biggest issue was with the manual. Apparently someone listened because the manual I received was in English and a separate one was also included in Spanish. I have sewn before so found everything fairly basic. I had no trouble threading or winding the bobbin.

For the money I am more than pleased. I've had it now for a couple of weeks and use it for simple sewing even through thicker fabrics. Seriously, for the price it's worth taking a chance on. I don't see myself using any of the 10-Stitch options but one never knows. Also the food pedal is a foot pedal. You control the speed not the machine as one reviewer seemed to imply.

Again, for the price it is well worth the money. The manual appeared to be very straight forward with step by step instructions with pictures, however, I didn't need the manual as this machine is just like all the machines I have owned in the past with threading and winding the bobbin being pretty much universal.

Oh one more thing. Amazon delivers soooooo fast. Not joking. And I love that I was able to track it and knew exactly when to expect my doorbell to ring with the delivery."
"My daughter is 8 and received this for her birthday.  It works well and is serving its purpose.  It's lightweight and easy enough to thread on top.  I have three critiques:

1. The bobbin is a little bit tricky for her to master.  It's in a metal case at the bottom of the machine...it is much more challenging than my BIG brother machine.  She needs help with that part every time.

2. The dial to choose the stitch type is difficult to use.  It's big and thick and it's hard to tell where it's pointing (there's no little arrow to point at the number so you're sure about what you're choosing).

3. My BIGGEST complaint: the machine doesn't move slowly.  It's difficult to master the pedal on a sewing machine anyhow...to get the feel of it and learn to maintain a constant speed.  This machine doesn't go SLOW.  It's WAY too fast, and it's tricky to get it to slow down (even for me, a more experienced sewer)."
"I think that this is a good purchase if you need a sewing machine and don't want to spend much money or, as my case, if you need a second sewing machine to have in a second residence. It is quite robust, the types of stitches are more than enough, it has the standard complements (twin needle and extra needles, pressfoot for zippers). Taking into account its price, a recommended sewing machine."
"I scouted around amazon looking for prices, features and ease of use. This particular model came highly recommended. So I purchased it. I'm glad I did. This thing is sooo easyyy to use. I didn't have any of the problems the others mentioned about thread from the bobbin breaking. Maybe I got lucky? I originally bought it to make some pack items for my MOLLE II backpack. For some reason there doesn't seem to be a modular add on unit for sleeping bags? So going to make one out of med weight cordura matched to 3-color desert storm camo material. I was kind of fearful the needle would break since this material is slightly heavy and thread. But so far its running like a champ. It eats it up like nothing. If you're thinking about purchasing this for a starter unit. DO IT! IT's easy pre-loaded with the basics."
"Purchased for my 8 year old daughter to take to sewing class in lieu of my high-end Husqvarna Viking.  If you've never used and don't need a thousand dollar machine (which admittedly magnifies this baby's limitations), it's perfectly fine.  The stitches are straight and well balanced.  The machine is fairly quiet and stitch selection is visual--great for a child. Except for the old-fashioned vertical bobbin, which I have to thread for her or risk a tangled mess, it is easy to use and lightweight as described. I wanted an uber-basic machine that was not a toy yet wouldn't cause me a stroke if she dropped it, and this little Brother fit the bill.

However...there are many, albeit minor, annoyances which I have come to accept as the price of a bargain.  If you know these in advance and can also accept them, this machine will not disappoint.  The bobbin is vertical and hidden, which guarantees, at some point, running out of bobbin thread in the middle of a seam.  The ""storage"" requires accessories to be placed into a sealed zipper bag or they'll fall out every time you need to get to the bobbin or use the free arm. The machine requires regular oiling.  Oiling is fairly straightforward for the bobbin case, but you can't get to the rest of the moving parts without digging out a screwdriver (the included one is a joke for this purpose) and unscrewing the upper left front panel--a cumbersome procedure which would be fine if the embedded threads receiving the screw were metal, but alas they are plastic and I foresee the thing stripping fairly quickly. I may just remove the doggone cover permanently or rig a hinge for it, as one tends to postpone maintenance when parts are not readily accessible, especially if one is 8 years old.  Or 42.  The stitch functions shown under the product description are a bit of a stretch. There are many technical critiques to make about unclear and misleading stitch diagrams, but I realize for basic use my criticisms are irrelevant.  Speed control was indeed awful as others mentioned; it made the machine virtually unusable and my daughter quickly became frustrated as the machine ran away from her at every attempt, and for that reason I nearly returned it.  But there is a fix:  take the foot pedal apart.  A flat screwdriver inserted at the hinge point and gently twisted easily pops it open.  Insert a small scrap of sponge to act as a limiter for the control--there is a perfect little niche to hold it in place--and reassemble. Voila. Lastly, use your heel rather than the ball of your foot to control the pedal, and you will discover a surprising improvement in control! Found that last bit on a review for a different machine but it works great on this one as well.

All in all, a fine machine for basic use.  Speed control--or lack of it--nearly broke the deal but has been fixed enough to make the machine usable.  End result:  little girl happy for less than the price of a family dinner out, and Mama's Viking safe. Everybody wins."
"I ordered this machine and sat down to use it for the first time this afternoon. Immediately, pieces fell apart and were loose. I contacted the manufacturer and they told me the only way they could help me was if I visited their service center -- which happens to be more than an hour away!!! I am not willing to rent a car to drive to the service center at a cost greater than the machine. I am incredibly disappointed with this product.

Unfortunately, I purchased the sewing machine 2 months ago and have only just now had time to open the box, read the manual, and try it out, so the return policy has lapsed. Waiting to hear back from Amazon, but buyer beware! I will not be buying from Brother again. Would give zero stars if I could."
My old kenmore sewing machine finally stopped working. It was about 40 yrs old. Was sad to see it go. This Brother machine that I purchased from amazon it a good machine for the price. So far it has mastered the sewing that I have needed to do. Over all I'm pleased. I will have to get use to the plastic parts. My Kenmore was metal.
"The machine is easy to use and provides basic functions. The light really helps threading, the bobbin winder is easy to use, stitch selection is easy, the button hole function is great (just be sure you're going the right speed), the reverse is simple, the manual feed is perfect and it really is lightweight. The reason I do not give this a 5 is because the tension system is temperamental and the machine likes to eat thread. If you do not get the threading just right, the thread will pull, rub, fray and possibly break. Checking the tension by pulling on the tread post-needle and testing on fabric at different speeds before starting a project seems to overcome this tension issue. The other quirk, ""eating thread,"" occurs when the trailing thread is too short. I've found that following the recommended length usually works, but the machine does seem to enjoy eating the thread which means you have to stop, open up the bottom, cut out the bobbin, rip a few stitches and start again. However, if you double the recommended length of trailing thread, this is easily overcome. All in all, it's a great machine for beginners and others who only need the basics."
"I was looking for a basic sewing machne that would be easy to use for repairs and basic straight sewing. This one is a bargain at the price, and so far has been a good little unit. I have a Viking and a Pfaff which both need repairs - the price of this little machine is half of the basic cost to just look at the others! It will be my back-up machine."
"I should have read more carefully what other buyers said about the size of the machine. It is more of a standard size sewing machine, quite heavy, although so far quite performing. Another flat note is the look, the color does not appeal to me but hey! if it is working fine it is a minor detail."
I needed a sewing machine for some basic stuff and was tired of borrowing my moms machine. I didn't need anything fancy so I didn't want to spend a lot. This is a great and easy to use machine. Within an hour of being delivered I had read the instructions set it up wound a bobbin an sewn a lined bag handles and all together. Its not too heavy has a built in handle comes with extra bobbins in the box and feet are very easy to switch. I haven't ventured into button holes yet but zippers were super easy. I would definitely recommend this machine if you just need some basic stitches.
I have one of these and it STINKS. Its bobbin thread is never the right tension and I can only sew with cotton fabrics. The needle will unthread its self easily and it doesn't do long seams well. I have to pray that it will do what I want when I use it. I plan on getting a new sewing machine as soon as possible.
"The machine gets a 9 from me- the ONLY complaint is you can't adjust the speed-its just fast. Works great, its easily portable, the price was great also. One last thing, the instructions are pretty bad. I found them hard to understand so I just ended up youtubing the directions on how to thread the machine. Im a beginner and those instructions had me completely confusef."
"For the price of the machine, the types of stitches available and what it can do is great. The machine works great and is portable enough and light enough.
The only drawback is that it does not have a cover."
It was just what my wife wanted. Arrived faster than expected.  It had all the items as described.  She started using it day one.
"This sewing machine is a wonderful product.
I bought it because i have some clothes that don't fit very well and i wanted to fix them myself. So i wanted something easy to use and with the basic stitches.
I found it very easy to use. It runs very smoothly, the thread doesn't tangle. It works beautifully. And the price is great!
The delivery was so fast. I got it the next day after i ordered it.
Highly recommended."
"I bought it for my mother and found it just perfect for home stitching,though it makes a little too much noise even after oiling. I have already recovered the amount invested in this machine,read the instructions carefully and off u go."
"light weight, easy to setup and use. Price was right and it has some basic stitches in the options. Thankful extra needles were supplied."
"My first sewing machine. It's gotten me through numerous projects, but I don't have any loyalty to it. I am in constant fear of when the next thread catastrophe will be. It jams, bunches, chops thread, and is generally unruly. However, if you only need it to do one thing, one stitch, one type, with good thread, go for it. it can repair and hem. It works, most of the time."
"I really think that was a good choise ,,,,,It comes with the basic thing that usually we need...easy to use and pretty ligthweight."
"this super affordable machine was a great upgrade from my 15-year-old machine. it's basic but gets the job done. you do get what you pay for -- some snafus with tension, but overall it's great. one thing: replacing the lightbulb is a major PITA - you have to dismantle it a bit and the screws & accompanying screwdriver are not very easy to use, plus nowhere is it listed what type of bulb to get (15 watt t7 screw-in, for your reference)."
This is the first time for me to learn how to sew. It is quite basic yet very easy to use.
"This sewing machine is absolutely awesome! I reluctantly gave up my 45 yr old Kenmore that I bought with babysitting money, and wanted a machine to do basic repair and household projects. I came home after working two jobs to find it had arrived; within 15 minutes I had the bobbin wound and did a practice run with it. The foot has storage for the bobbins and other accessories. I have already made a pillow cover, costume accessories, repaired a quilt and made a new sofa cover without even changing the needle! The stitches are perfect and with the handle, it is very lightweight. I love it!"
"I bought this machine from Walmart when they still sold fabric, probably about 4-5 years ago.  I really wanted to learn to sew again and on my grad student budget it was all I could afford.  For someone who hadn't used a sewing machine in nearly 20 years (home ec in middle school), I found it easy to use.  I did have trouble with thread tension and it getting caught, but I think I was using really cheap thread, and I didn't know what I was doing.  Now I am more seasoned and I only use Gutermann thread.  Haven't had any tension/thread issues since then.

5 years later, I have made a full size quilt (pieced and quilted on this machine!), an Amy Butler bag using home decor fabric (the machine could not sew over some later stage seams because of thickness), various storage bags, several dresses, several skirts, and shorts.  Yes, the machine is loud, yes it's alignment is a little off, and yes, it has trouble with bulky layers.  It also curiously doesn't have a real option for basting.  I realized this when I used a different machine at school and noticed how long and loose those stitches were.  However, for the current price of $65 ($35 less than I paid!), I would buy this machine in a heartbeat.  I mean, I was able to quilt a full size quilt on this thing!  While my friends were using expensive machines, I used my dinky little Brother, and my mom loves her quilt!

You also can buy additional feet from Brother.  I have a walking foot, overlock foot, and quilter's foot!"
"I am impressed, haven't sewn since high school and bought this because grandson needed patches and things sewn on and things stitched up, found very easy to use, had no problems, didn't remember anything about sewing but the instructions were easily followed and I managed to thread bobbins, needles and take care of torn items. For my use the price was right and I have no complaints."
"I should have bought the refurbished one for $40.00. This one doesn't deserve my payment. It is slow, dragging, entangles, and overall... poor in performance."
"I bought this machine as a Christmas gift for a 10-year-old girl. She wanted to sew but was intimidated by the weight and noise of my 20-year-old clunker. It took her a few weeks to warm up to the machine, but other than needing some help from her dad adjusting the tension and getting started, she's been off and running on tiny doll clothes and other projects. She can use it on a whim with only basic supervision (an adult nearby in case something awful happens, which it hasn't). It's comfortable and easy for her to use and she's able to produce results she's happy with.

I admit I'm jealous of all the cool built-in stitches that my older machine can't do.
Yes, she's yet to figure out all of those features, but she will as she gets older and more creative and I expect this machine to last her many years."
I had never used a sewing machine before I bought this. The instructions were easy to follow so I was able to learn the basics on my ownand Sewing tutorials were simple to find. The light is a nice extra.
"I received this machine as a birthday gift last year as a beginner machine. After spending 30 minutes trying to locate the front loading bobbin (thank god for the internet) I finally had it threaded. After my first simple project was completed (a pillow case) this machine has unthreaded the needle countless times, sucked the material inside the machine twice, and the foot pedal only has one speed, WARP SPEED. It gets 2 stars because it is ever so slightly still more convenient than hand stitching but not by much."
"I bought this machine at walmart a few years ago and spent around $89 bucks at the time. Took it home and it worked great for awhile; soon enough the tension messed up. It became more an more frustrating to use. This is just for the basic sewer and is not really a machine that will last if you plan on using it everyday. Best for hemming or a little quilting now and then, its hard sewing through double thickness of denim and good luck sewing leather (even if you use machine needles for leather). Bottom line this is okay for a beginner or the occational sewer."
"I love this machine it does the trick.  If you want an easy basic sewing machine, this is it.  Its great for everyday sewing and easy to manage."
"I've gone through a few sewing machines throughout the years, some of them much more expensive than this one.  I purchased this one because of the price and I liked that it wasn't computerized.  I just wanted a basic, reliable sewing machine and that's what I got.  I've made clothes for my daughter, canvas bags, wallets, purses, etc.  I have not even had it a year and I already feel like I've gotten my money's worth.

UPDATE:
Ok, I seriously LOVE this machine.  It has been worth EVERY penny.  Even my husband has commented on how it was such a good purchase.  I can't stress enough how awesome this machine is for the price."
"I have had this machine for over 4 years- the tension messes up all the time, if you have the patients to fix this then it is a decent machine for small projects- I can usually complete 3-4 small projects before it starts having problems again."
"I recently had to retire my 39 year old Brother sewing machine, and this one was my replacement after long research. It's light, easy to use, sews like a dream, and the price couldn't be beat anywhere. Had I known this was such a great sewing machine, I would have given up on my old clunker years ago and bought this without hesitation."
"perfect color size and so easy to put together it worth the price, and it size make so convenient and beautiful."
"OMG why can't I just sew???? I worked for Levi years ago and know how to sew. I will say I am very disappointed with this machine. I have had it apart at least 3 times every time I sit down to sew. It is VERY easy to misthread the very first step which throws everything off from the beginning. If you take that cover off to clean out broken threads you MUST put it back on before rethreading and sewing, otherwise the thread is behind where it is not suppose to be. I had to stop and clean out broken threads from the very first time I used it. I may be sending this machine back.!!!!!!"
I've been sewing for over 30 years - and this is the most difficult sewing machine to thread (keep threaded) I've used.  Wished I hadn't ordered it...
"This sewing machine is very easy to use.  I am a beginner and mine came with a DVD to help me get setup.  I have already paid for it in the first 4 pairs of jeans I hemmed myself.  I just jumped on youtube and got instruction on how to hem and within a couple hours I had it figured out.  Tonight I just sewed a bunch of buttons that were broken or missing on my dress shirts, again very easy to use.

Cannot believe its less than 80 bucks for this thing!"
"We bought this sewing machine for our 9 year old daughter.  It is very easy to set up and easy to use.  She is really only using the machine for very beginning sewing at this point but she was able to control the foot pedal after only a few tries.  We really didn't want to buy a ""toy"" but also didn't want to spend a fortune on an expensive machine that was beyond what she needed.  I am sure the machine is capable of more than she uses at this point but our hope it that we will not need to replace this machine if she maintains her interest in sewing as she gets older.  She is very happy with it too!!!"
It is simple to use but with lots of extras such as type of stitching.  Lightweight and a great first sewing machine
"I got this machine some years ago, and it was excellent. All I wanted was something so I could sew with my mom. The main drawbacks then were the fact that hers ( another brand) had a door for the lightbulb that could be opened, and this one doesn't. Once the lightbulb blew out, it never got replaced.
I like the fact that you only need one foot for most stitches on this machine, which is helpful since the box of accessories got lost when we moved! I am about to replace this machine within the next week or so, as it's lived a nice full life and it just has issues that have nothing to do with the machine itself.
Overall, a good machine for a beginner, but I am no longer a beginner(:"
"I've had this machine for 3.5 years now. I originally purchased it because I was tired of sewing uniform patches on by hand, and I refused to pay $5 per patch to have a tailor shop do it. It still works, and it has paid for itself a couple times over.
Having said that--This is a bargain machine. You cannot expect to pay this little for a sewing machine and have it turn out couture clothing or museum-quality quilts.
I also don't believe it to be a good machine for complete beginners, because it is limited in its capabilities, and it does take some getting used to.
The bobbin case seems to confuse a lot of people (although it's identical to my mom's Singer that I learned on), the ""free arm"" is pretty big, and the tension can be finicky-especially if you thread the bobbin incorrectly.
It is a bit loud, but not deafening. I can still hear the radio or television when I'm sewing.
The foot pedal--I've read a lot of reviews that complain about the only speed available being lightning fast. I haven't found this to be the case, but it does take some practice to get the right amount of pressure for the speed you want.
It will sew a straight seam, it will sew through denim, and as long as you perform basic maintenance this machine will do the job.

I'm giving it 4 stars because it does exactly what you should expect from an $80 sewing machine: basic sewing projects."
"I like this machine considering i know nothing about sewing at all. I got this to sew all my military uniforms and its doing a perfect job. It does everything i nee to do and it handles my thick uniform plus really thick patches. The only draw back is the intruction really lack...well instruction. It was very difficult at first to operate, but i got the hang of it after watching a few youtube videos. For this price, im very happy."
"I love this company and I have never been disappointed with any of their products, I bought this machine for my grand daughters to learn on, even though they have had some sewing experience on my brother machine (more stitches).  I have used Brother machines for an at home business and they stand up to the constent wear and tear and last for years."
"I bought two of these machines for teaching some teens to sew.  I must say, I was leery of what I'd get for my money. I was pleasantly surprised. What a great full-sized machine! The machine has a nice sound; it's definitely not a toy! It is easily worth way more than the $64 I paid for each.  It has a nice, bright light, making it easy to see your sewing area. And although the seam allowances aren't labeled, the lines are very long and easy to see, helping to keep the seams straight.
I ran the machine through all its stitches and they were perfect. The stitches are quickly and easily changed with the dial.  No jams, no stalls, no tangles, consistent spacing, excellent thread tension, smooth feed.
The bobbin was extremely easy to thread.  It is loaded vertically, which I'm not a fan of, however, this one went in easily and quickly, so I've changed my mind about that!
It threads very simply. If you sew, this machine needs no manual. If you don't sew, you need to look at the pictures as you read the manual.  The description of how to insert the bobbin = be careful to insert the bobbin correctly.  Not so helpful there.  But the picture showed the thread direction, which is the important thing to note.  It was helpful that the English directions were in one manual and the Spanish in another.
I am giving it high marks, regardless of the directions, as it is a very nice machine for your basic sewing at a super price. I sew.  I am impressed. If you don't sew and are having trouble, read the directions, or get some help from someone who does sew.  Problems with this machine will most likely be operator error (wrong needle or presser foot selection for the fabric, pulling or pushing fabric, not raising or not lowering the presser foot, etc.). The Brother LS21251 is a good starter machine, good all time machine, for beginners and experienced sewers alike."
"LOVE THIS SEWING MACHINE - SMOOTH, EFFICIENT AND QUIET.  I HAVE SEWN SOME OF MY OWN CLOTHES FOR YEARS, EVERYTHING FROM WINTER COATS TO EVENING GOWNS.  THIS BROTHER SEWING MACHINE IS EXCELLENT FOR BOTH PROS AND NOVICES."
"Got this machine as a gift. My first project went really well, a couple of denim bags. My second project, a quilt, went well through initial piecing. But when I started to combine the pieces, the machine had issues feeding through the layered seems. I would have to pull the pieces. So I got the even feed foot, which helped some. I did get it all pieced together, then I started to try and quilt. It's been a real struggle. I can't keep a constant tension. I would test it on a sample, start quilting, and then have to pull out an entire line due to bad tension. Test, quilt, success, quilt, fail, rip out, and repeat.
I would recommend this for two layer, maybe three at most and not for very thick fabrics. I absolutely would not suggest for quilting. I'm in the market looking for an upgrade as I really enjoyed piecing together this quilt and  I refuse to let the tension problem on this machine to cloud my enthusiasm for sewing.
hope this helps someone."
"I'm not an expert sewer. I'm new to this whole sewing machine thing, but I found this device a fun pleasure to use. We made some dice bags and a few other simple projects with it. It may be capable of a lot more, but I'm certainly not. :) Good for beginngers. Might be great for skilled users to. :D"
"I have been using this machine for almost a year and honestly the times when the tension has been bad, breaking the thread whatnot, is when i've used lesser quality thread. i was ready to give up on it and spend $300+ for a different machine when i tried a different type of thread recommended by the lady at the sewing store. the spool was i think about $3. Since changing the thread the m,achine has been wonderful. check out my etsy shop to see what i have been able to create with this machine.
Bear Monkey Designs.

if you are just starting out or don't want to spend too much money on a new machine, this one fits the bill. i do plan to get a digital one because orders are coming in and i don't want to put too much stress on this one BUT for light to medium use this machine is perfect."
I love this machine. I have not used a sewing machine since home ec back in the seventies. My whole family is short. We have to hem all of our pants. This machine had easy directions to follow. I was hemming our pants in just an hour. I would recommend it to anyone who is looking for a simple machine with not to many extra function. It was just what I was looking for......
"I ABSOLUTELY LOVE LOVE LOVE my new sewing machine- Brother LS2125I! I chose this at the begining because of the cheap price and i did not want to spend too much money on this, and it turns out to be way more than i expected! Although I am no professional or experienced sewer, it was soo easy to use that I have no problem using the machine the first time i tried! I do not use the pedal, just the buttons to start/stop the sewing, raise/lower the needle and the sliding lever that changes the speed. Besides that, threading and putting the bobbins in are all self explanatory.

To sum it up I have no complaints at all :)"
"I love this sewing machine, it's easy to use and understand and comes with a manual that actually answers questions.  I've never had a sewing machine before and this super easy to work and understand."
"Like another reviewer, it was impossible for me to get the thread tension right on this machine. It wasn't me. I was taking a sewing class, and the instructor could not get the tension right, and told me it was the machine. The tension wheel is cheap plastic, and breaks easily.

Save your money and invest in a higher quality machine."
"I used to sew on my mother's knee when I was a young girl, but hadn't touched one since my old singer died when I was 8.  I decided that I wanted to start sewing again, and bought this as my first machine.  Boy, was that a mistake!  The first machine I bought was broken out of the box.  I returned it and received a machine that was missing most of the accessories advertised on the box.  Returned that one and (finally!) got a machine that was working ... at least, at first.  The machine seemed sturdy, and I didn't really have trouble with the speed or threading things.  However, my stitches were always loose and uneven, no matter how I adjusted the tension wheel.  I adjusted the tension in the bobbin holder, and this seemed to work at first, but then I started having the same problems again.  When I was messing with the machine for the umpteenth time, I took a few screws off to see what was going on with the inner workings and discovered that the tension wheel was completely broken.  It was made out of very cheap plastic and had completely snapped off.  I spoke over the phone with customer service, but the representative didn't seem to believe that the machine was actually broken and kept insisting that adjusting the tension was very simple and that I must be doing it wrong.  When I checked at a machine repair shop, the price they told me to fix the machine was more than it had cost in the first place.  In the meantime, I never once worked on a project with this machine without tearing out each seam two or three times and ending up in tears.  It could turn a 2-hour project into an 8-hour tooth-grinding, knuckle-popping death march that ended with a mediocre finished project that I was embarrassed to claim as my own.  Happily, I wised up and bought a singer, and now I'm able to breeze through projects and concentrate on design without being distracted by a cheap, broken machine."
i know to sew tops and skirts.. with this machine i did some dresses.. its good product and serves the purpose.. it doesnt come with too many stitching optings.. but good for one looking a sewing machine for basic stitching..
"My girlfriend makes garb for renfaires and she had been mentioning needing a sewing machine for months, so I decided to surprise her with one. She's had no complaints and made a handful of dresses, tops, and even a little wizard costume for her 20 month old daughter for halloween."
"This has been purchased as a gift for my mother inlaw. She is fascinated with the performance of the light weight and the wonderful job it does. The added feature of focus light, that can be used to focus on the stiches is awesome. We were expecting this product to be made in Japan given the name of Brother, but it is made in China."
"I COULDN'T FIND MY EXACT MODEL TO WRITE A REVIEW FOR BUT I THINK MY MODEL, WHICH IS THE BROTHER LX2500, IS PRETTY SIMILAR TO THE BROTHER LS2125I...I JUST BOUGHT MY MACHINE LAST NIGHT AND SO FAR I HAVE HAD ABSOLUTELY NO PROBLEMS!  I WATCHED THE INSTRUCTIONAL DVD THAT CAME WITH IT AND AM SO HAPPY I DID...THE INSTRUCTIONS ARE VERY CLEAR AND VIDEO QUALITY IS GREAT...YOU CAN SEE EVERY THINIG SHE'S DOING UP CLOSE...I ALSO HAVE THE BROTHER PE-770 EMBROIDERY ONLY MACHINE AND TO SAY THE LEASE...ITS FANTASTIC!!! HANDS DOWN...BROTHER MAKES GREAT QUALITY MACHINES...THUMBS UP FOR THE BROTHER LX2500 THOUGH :)"
"I bought this machine for occasional fixes and to sew costumes for school functions.  I had it up and running in 10 minutes and I've never sewn before.  Threading was somewhat difficult and took a few tries.  The machine was larger than I was expecting, and seems well constructed- very solid.  This is a great value for the money.  I'm glad I didn't buy one of the smaller, cheaper machines out there."
"I'm a professional seamstress who also teaches beginning sewing classes to children and adults. I purchased this machine from Amazon because the price was right and I needed another machine. Brother is a decent brand and I would recommend this to anyone just starting out the process of learning to sew. The two things I do not like on this machine is that the stitch length is set in the dial instead of a number dial offset on the top of the machine. Most standard beginning machines use a dial number and it's easy for beginners to understand the length associated with a number. Next, dislike, is the design of most Brothers, is that the tension rod for the upper thread is threaded through a dial that is more exposed than most other standard brands. Two of my students kept catching the thread as it is exposed going up and down. I just wish they would flush the tension more within the machine,  like most Singers and Janomes.
Other than those two dislikes, it sews wells and the bobbin is easy wind and thread. Good machine for it's value. I would recommend it as a beginning machine."
"This Brother LS2125i 10-stitch is exactly what I needed. My old sewing machine I inherited from my mom was so heavy that it was a real pain to drag out of the closet just to do a quick mending job. This light weight machine is great because the only stitches I ever use are forwards, backwards, and very occasionally I might need a zigzag.  I found the directions to be easy to use and was sewing right away. One of my advantages was that the bobbin configuration in this machine is exactly like the one in my old machine so I knew what I was doing. But if you find it confusing, there are videos out on YouTube.com that show you exactly how to thread this sewing machine & the bobbin. I heard that the case made by Brother was way to big for this machine so I bought the Hemline Camel Studio Collection Machine Tote Bag from Amazon instead. The machine fits in the tote nicely with lots of cushion and just enough room for the project you are working on."
"This is a great lightweight machine for small projects such as mending, hemming and small craft projects. Manual made it easy to use for a beginner."
"I was new to sewing, and looking for a sewing machine that would was in the under $100 range, and liked the great reputation that the Brother brand has, so I thought I'd give it a shot. It more than exceeded my expectations with all of its stitches and ease of use. Highly, Highly recommended."
"I am a novice seamstress, it had been several years since I had operated a machine.  I found the Brother easy to use and the instructions user friendly.  I love how lightweight the machine is.  It is the perfect size and so far I have enjoyed making lots of things with it. I would definitely recommend this machine to anyone who is looking for an easy machine to use."
"having made one pillow case in a beginners sewing class...i was hooked!  i decided after that one pillow, that wanted to make at least TWO pillows.  i took a chance and purchased this machine.  after initial screw ups (bobbin spiraling out of control/broken needle/tension loose/holes poked in fabric) i got it!!!!  this machine is so easy to use and lightweight.  A great first machine..now on to pillow number 3!!!

veronica"
"I've had this machine for 8 years and am just now in the market for an upgrade. My mom bought it for me right after I got married to ""get started learning to sew"" and assumed I'd purchase a nicer, more expensive model when I knew that I'd continue sewing. But I haven't needed anything more expensive! This one has been great! Of course, it doesn't have all the fancy stitch options, everything is manual instead of digital, etc. But it's very simple to learn to use. This 8-year-old, $70 sewing machine is still working great. I only want a more expensive one to do some decorative stitches and possibly to do some embroidery. This is the machine I'd purchase for my own daughter to learn to sew on when she's a little older... but I won't have to b/c I'll save mine for her!"
"I am an advanced sewer who purchased this for an extra machine to have for my church sewing circle.  I wanted something inexpensive that could do basic work on the quilts and baby items that we sew for charity.  It is exactly right for that purpose.  My first project on it was putting together two baby quilts and I even machine quilted it and machine sewed the binding, and it did great through three layers of flannel.  I miss not being able to fine-tune my stitch length or width myself, but the preset stitches are fine for the projects I use it on.  It would be a wonderful beginner machine.  It was a good value for the price."
"I have had this machine since 2004. It has taken a beating and it still purrs. I now use it for fashion design school, and it continues to work well. I also have a Brother serger. I have no complaints about Brother machines.
I have owned and used other brands of sewing machines, and not too many can compare to this brand."
This machine is worth exactly what I paid for it. But it gets the job done. I bought it specifically for sewing seams and hems. It's better than doing the job by hand.
"I've never used a sewing machine and have always thought they were terrifyingly complicated. I bought this machine, the cheapest entry-level machine on Amazon with the best reviews, and after a 2-minute run-down from my roommate, I'm sewing! Hurray! Thanks Brother!"
"Hi, I just got home from Mother's Day with my mom and gave this to her. We played with it this afternoon -- both of us experienced sewers, me with a high-end Brother Innov-is 40 and my mother with a 40 year old Brother war horse mechanical machine. We both loved this new machine. I have to say the integrity of the stitch rivaled my $500 machine.

Light (great for my 72 year old mother), fast enough, sewed through multiple layers easily, top and bottom threads nice and tight, threading the machine was easy enough. Directions (particularly illustrations) were a little dodgy, but we got it set up and sewing in 15 minutes or less.

How could a $115 dollar machine be as good as my $500 one? A big, happy surprise!

It is simple and doesn't have a lot of bells and whistles, but for a straight-forward, simple machine it is excellent."
"I ordered the Brother LS2125i Easy-To-Use Lightweight Basic 10-Stitch Sewing Machine on April 4, 2011 from Amazon and could hardly believe it when it was delivered only 2 days later on April 6, 2011.  I am a widower and have only used it one time but it worked great.  I loaded the Bobbin and it was very easy to do.  The only problem I had was threading the needle due to my poor eyesight.  I couldn't believe all the features on it.  As a male I will not use the vast majority of them but they are there should I ever want to.  I think it is a great Sewing Machine for a Beginner like meself.  Operators's Manual is printed in easy-to-understand English with pictures showing you how to do everything.  I recommend it very highly."
"It is a bit awkward to thread top and bottom the first time around but I suspect that will change as I get more used to the method.  Stitches are nice.  Easy to use.
I keep it in a cupboard when not in use and it is easily carried by its little hand notch and stored."
"I would definitely recommend this machine for anyone who is looking to start sewing but doesn't want to spend hundreds of dollars to do so.  I've owned this machine for about five years, and have never had problems with it.  For the first few years I owned it, I didn't use it too often, but everything about it is fairly intuitive (or easy to figure out with a quick read through the instruction manual), so it served me well.  For the past couple of years this machine has received almost daily use and continues to work well.

I've used this machine to make everything from clothing to purses to quilts, and it's handled all of those projects just fine.  Certainly this machine doesn't have all the bells and whistles of a more expensive, higher end machine, but it does all the necessities, and everything it can do, it does well.  It comes with a few common presser feet (like a zipper foot and one for button holes), and I've found that additional feet are pretty easy to find and affordable.

In short, it's a great, reliable machine, and I'd absolutely recommend it to anyone."
"Although this sewing machine lacks some of the smoothness and fancy stitching you can get with more expensive models, it works great! It's really simple and easy to use - I've just started sewing again after a couple years and I've already made a baby blanket, skirt, and dress. I'm really glad I got this machine because it was affordable and is perfect for both small mending projects and larger creative projects."
"I needed something simple for simple jobs, and it is great.
It took me 30 minutes to unpack it and get it going.
I love this little machine.
I was with Singer before, and i don't regret my new Brother :)"
"First of all, I did not know anything about sewing at all.
For some reason, I was interested in sewing and I googled this and that
and I finally purchased this by accident.

BUT!!!this machine is really great for the beginner.
I could start sewing right away even without reading instruction.
it opened me a new world(I know I'm kinda exaggerating :)

Later on , I returned this and I bought Brother 60 stitches one.
Im taking a sewing class and got to know more about fabrics and sewing
Seriouly, I'm not happy with new, 60 stitches one.."
"I am very happy with my Brother sewing machine.  It does all I need.  A friend saw it and wanted one, so we ordered one for her too.  A very good product.  Marjorie Spencer."
"I've had this machine for about a month now (bought from amazon) and so far it's handled everything I've thrown at it.

I'm by no means an expert, but I learned how to sew from my mom and grandma when I was younger. that said, I hadn't used a sewing machine in at least 10 years. the machine setup was pretty straightforward, winding(1) and loading(2) bobbins is easy.

I haven't tried the double needle stitches yet, but all the standard single-needle stitches work as expected(3). the 4-step button-holer is finnicky. if you're planning on doing a lot of buttonholes, I'd definitely look for a machine with a 1-step buttonholer.

The quick-change presser feet are really nice.

There are a few snags with the design, though:

1) the thread tensioner occasionally snags and snaps the thread. I've tried re-creating the conditions this happens, but I haven't been able to pinpoint exactly what causes it. not a killer on most projects, but it could be an issue if you're doing a contrasting color stitch with an open pattern. this has also caused a few loose bobbin-side stitch issues for me on thicker fabrics (lightweight canvas).

2) you need to thread a lot more than the recommended 2 inches through the needle eye when starting a stitch, or it will pull back through. I've been pulling a minimum of 6 inches.

3) the free arm is really big. it's a pain to use inside smaller sleeves. the circumference of the free arm is 11 inches under the presser foot, and it has square edges. granted, it's better than nothing, but not ideal.

4) the built in thread cutter sucks. also, about 1/2 the time you have to fiddle the hand wheel to get the shuttle to let go of the thread loop, else you cut your last stitch. I've been pulling my work to the side and using suture scissors(4) to clip the thread, solving the second issue at the same time (leaving enough thread so it doesn't pull back through the eye).

5) this may be a general sewing machine complaint, but the needle screw sticks out way too far to the right. I'd really like to be able to feed fabric with my right hand close to the presser foot, but the needle screw smacks you in the thumb. this makes wide hems on a long piece (curtains, for example) a pain. you don't want to bunch the whole curtain up in the throat of the machine and there isn't anything to hang onto on the left side of your stitch.

Conclusion: if you need a basic no-frills machine for mending and doing basic machine work(5), this is a solid choice. don't forget to snag an extra package of bobbins, it only comes with 3. nothing sucks more than unwinding a bobbin.

(1) took me a few bobbins to realize the spool post pops up. it's much less wobbly that way.

(2) I generally don't read instructions, so the first time I tried loading a bobbin, I removed the whole shuttle assembly. you don't do that :) there's a tab on the bobbin loader you pull out and the bobbin loader pops off.

(3) I haven't tried the blind hem yet.

(4) I restore cars for a retired heart surgeon. we have a box of them and they are incredibly handy to have around.

(5) I've made a handful of curtains and a few wrench pockets and tool pouches thus far."
"To begin, I am an amateur at sewing. The last complicated thing I made was in Home Ec in high school, a really long time ago. I needed an inexpensive sewing machine for little things, like making my dog a new bed. Turns out I could replace a broken zipper in my husband's favorite jacket too. Saved me the expense of having an alteration shop do it. This sewing machine is great! The comments about the instructions being unclear aren't true. The manuel is written in English and easy to understand, although there are other language sections. It's light, easily portable in it's box.(I didn't buy a carrying case.) The various foot attachments are easy to use. You get enough bobbins to get started. For the price, I couldn't be happier. Who knows what I can sew now that I have a machine that works."
I purchased this machine when I needed a replacement machine quickly for my older White and Singer that went on the fritz from all my Christmas sewing. So I ordered this machine not really knowing what to expect and it has done everything and more that I've asked it to do! I'm so surprised and amazed.  It's very lightweight and will be great for taking to classes.  I've pieced more on this and even done some free motion quilting on table toppers and wall hangings. I *love* this machine.  It's a great buy.
okay. I bought this because I saw that the reviews for it was pretty good. but the thread usually get caught in the mechanism and there usually is a bobbin problem. It's not all that light neither. The foot pedal is the worst. The foot pedal is not sensitive to different pressures so it is really difficult to find a medium or a very slow speed to a beginner. did i also mention how loud it was? It doesn't even seem computerized. Just invest in one of their better sewing machines.
Nice machine
"I'm a beginning sewer, and after only a couple projects I'm ready to move on to a better machine.

It works best on simple sewing projects and light fabrics like cotton.  Like other reviewers have said, it has one speed--FAST.  I found it simple to use, although threading the bobbin had a quirk that I'd always forget and then waste 10 minutes screwing with it and yelling at it.

I made 2 quilt tops before I hit my first snag by attempting to machine quilt the layers together.  I guess the thickness was just too much because the bottom of the quilt was a mass of loose, tangled thread.  I did my best, screwed around with it, but it never worked right after that.  And the quilt is practically ruined--and it was made out of my daughter's baby clothes.  (Don't look at the back!!!)  After paying to get it serviced, it was back to normal.

I made a few more lightweight cotton pieces, and even ""upcycled"" some sweaters into new pieces.  (I held my breath, but the machine handled it.)  Last week my mom helped me start a massive project (new bedding and curtains for my bedroom) when the thing jammed and would NOT move.  It made a loud CLUNK! like it hit a chunk of metal...and that's the end of my sewing machine.  The timing went out.

I have it at the shop (again) for an estimate, but I think I'll stop sinking money into it.

I wouldn't recommend this machine for anything other than rare sewing needs (like hems) because it can't handle an actual sewing project without screwing up."
"I got this machine just to do some simple projects and simple mending and alterations. I am not an advanced sewer, but I do think machine is definitely enough for all I would need!
The control feels good, I got used to it pretty quick, but there is just one thing I haven't quite got a hold of just yet: it's when you step on the pedal to get it going, you do have to step it down pretty low and hard to get it started, and I just haven't got used to how hard I need to step on it yet. Other than the pedal control, I think it's a nice solid feeling machine, I used to use a Singer and I have used a Bernina in class and I think this Brother machine has exeeded my standards.
I'm happy with it!!"
"I bought this machine for my 11 yr old daughter who is a beginner at sewing. I did not want her to use my expensive one. (I have 30+ yrs of experience.) I had no intention to buy an expensive machine for her, so the price is very, very good. It's an excellent teaching tool. All the basic stitch types are there including the ability to make a button hole(I have yet to check to see if it's worth making a button hole.). The 10 stitches have a predetermined stitch width & size.

That aside, it's a good machine to practice hand-foot coordination, ie using the plastic pedal & controlling the fabric feed simultaneously. This is not a serger machine so it can not run very fast; it runs a little ""tight."" If it does, the odds that the thread will break are probable. That's OK; beginners need to know what to do when that happens.

This is NOT a toy machine so experienced sewers can use it too as long as they understand its limitations. I would use it for quick repairs & easy projects.

Straight stitch sewing is very good; I personally would not sew expensive fine fabrics on this machine. If one does, be aware of the machine's stitch limitations.

Beginners need to know how to take care of & maintain a sewing machine; again, it's a great machine to practice on.------ Don't have to worry about damaging a $500+ model!!

For the price, it is well made. Warranty is excellent (25 yrs). Register the product online. Instructions are also online, if one loses them."
"It may be too soon to judge the Brother portable sewing machine. I bought from Amazon for small tasks only.
I used a Singer stationary for years, loved it and wish I still had it.
Just about everything I try to do with this one frustrates me. There are instructions for use but they don't seem to be complete.
If I was to buy tomorrow it would be a Singer with a drop in bobbin and self threading. Hope there's remedy because I don't need another ""thing"" in my house."
I bought this as a Christmas present for our daughter-in-law who is a beginner sewer.  We love the light weight design.  It is a little complicated to learn how to use but once you understand it does well.  I think long-term she is really going to love it.
"Coming from a family of seamstresses, this is my first machine I've bought and am extremely happy with it.  It does everything that I need it to do and is small enough that I can put it in a cabinet out of the way.  Also, having not touched a sewing machine in about 10 years, threading it was incredibly easy and was just like I remembered.  I highly recommend this machine for those who are looking to get into sewing.  Great introduction machine."
"We unpacked and and threaded up the needle and had it going in about a half hour.  It is a very nice machine for what we use it for.  I meets our needs very nicely.  I have not used it, but my wife likes it a lot better than her old Kenmore."
"I like this sewing machine a lot. I have made several shirts, several dresses and one quilt with it. The only thing I would change about it is the fact that it has no built in thread cutter on the side for when your done sewing and wish to cut the threads off without using scissors. I got accustomed to using one with my last sewing machine and have become lazy.....haha otherwise works fantastic. I would recommend."
"I really like this machine.  It's the first one that I have had no problems with what-so-ever.  Sews well and reliably, thread doesn't tangle or become un-threaded - except maybe once, speed is good, the stitch selection is nice, and it's very portable.  All and all, definitely worth the money."
"I got this a few years ago from my parents for my birthday and I love it. It has always worked really good for me and is simple and easy to use. If you don't need any fancy extras and are just doing normal sewing then this is a great machine. It has straight stiches, zigzag stickes and even button hole stiching. Super easy to use."
Quite please it made a very good gift for my mother in law. The service was fast and I would recommend it to everyone. Thank you.
"so i got this machine thinking it was going to be easy to use, Boy was i WRONG. its hard to get the thread up from below the machine. the thread keeps on getting caught in the gears and no matter what i do the thread bunches up!!! this is the WORST sewing maching i've ever used. I defentally do NOT recomend"
This the first time I have used a sewing machine and the owners manual come be written a little better but machine is a good unit.  i use it for sewing buttons and it does a good job for me
Got this sewing maching for $75. I have never used a sewing machine before. My mom taught me to do basic stitches.. It was so good and very very easy.. I loved it.
"I ordered this machine for simple projects like repairs, hemming jeans/pants, and making pillow covers or other easy-to-sew things for our home.

If you are gentle with it and take it slow, you can use a regular needle to do all of these things.

So far I have hemmed two pairs of jeans, made a pillow cover, and repaired the seam on a shirt. Haven't broken a needle, and the machine didn't seem to be overworked in the process.

I like the fact that there are not too many buttons to deal with and it is manual. I really don't need a fancy machine with so many options that it takes going to a class to learn how to use it.

I will say that it helps that I already learned to sew on something similar many years ago, so some sewing experience helps."
"First I want to say this: this is a very beginner machine. If you want to learn to sew, this is great. It's very easy to understand. It's a good little machine. I had mine for almost 2 years before I upgraded to a janome and became a better sewist. I've had zero problems with mine. It's a bit noisy, and you need a mat under it, so it doesn't shake itself off the table.  But other than that, i've had no complaints. Even though I have a great fancy new machine, I am keeping my cheapo little brother for a backup."
"I bought this machine for myself on a whim in 2008 after seeing the great reviews. I have never been the ""craftsy"" type, and hated Home Ec in school. The machine sat in the box for 6 months until a friend who IS a craftsy woman showed me how to make my first pillowcase. I was hooked. The machine has been humming along ever since. For the hobbyist, this is a good investment. It's sturdy with enough stitches available to have fun with, and it lets you know when it's time for an oiling, as it starts to smell a bit like a vacuum cleaner belt going bad. It's easy to access the parts that need oil, and the instruction book has good illustrations for care. I have had to change a needle and untangle a mess from the bobbin and things went well. The only negative thing is that the thread does get wrapped around the wheel sometimes and you have to stop and re-thread the needle. When I am ready to upgrade, I will get a machine that threads the needle for me. For now though, I am totally satisfied with this machine, and would recommend it for anyone. Also, the instruction books came packaged with one in English and a separate one in Spanish, so it's easy to find what you need."
"I love this sewing machine because it's SO EASY. When it first arrived, I thought to myself, ""Wow, this is going to be difficult to use..."" but boy was I wrong. The instructions are very simple to follow and I had myself sewing within a half hour.

The different sewing types is a nice added option and it makes for a nicer finish. I haven't yet used the button-holer, but it seems to be pretty self explanatory.

So far I've created pillows, clothing, handbags (for my daughter) and a blanket.

I can't stress enough: this is SO easy!"
Ordered my machine on friday and got it on Monday - Its just great! Moreover this machine is perfect for beginners - there are some sketches on the machine itself how to thread - the manuel has a lot of pictures as well and it is also quite informativ. So happy that I got that machine! Its also kinda handy and not that heavy. Have fun with that thing! I do!
After much debating on which make of Sewing Machine I would like to purchase and doing some re-search with the help of my daughter-in-law we decided this was the best machine to buy. I wanted a basic sewing machine and I just love it.
"This machine worked fine for about a year.  I'm now having problems with the stitching tangling and breaking.  Have tried various needles, threads, tension settings and I can't figure out how to get through a sewing project without the thread constantly breaking and tangling.  My conclusion is that it's cheaply made.  My previous machine, a 1970's Kenmore, lasted me over 30 years."
"I haven't used a sewing machine since I was required to take a Home Ec class in junior high, 16 years ago. This machine is very easy to use and I've already hemmed 2 pairs of pants. The directions are pretty easy to follow. I highly recommend it for home users."
"I have to amend my previous 5-star review on this machine.  I jumped the gun thinking that it was going to last me...wrong.  I've had the machine for nearly two years, but do not use it all that regularly.  I completed many projects on it when I first started using it, but in time found that my problems with it started to occur more frequently.

To the defense of the machine, I've put quite a few miles on it with basic repairs and several projects (My guess would be I've done about 75+ things on here from basic pants-hemming to quilts) .  Through most of the projects, I had few problems with the machine itself.  These were the days when it was a five-star machine and I was learning the ropes of sewing.  Now that I'm picking up sewing again, I'm finding this thing to be a complete nightmare.  As I've seen other people mention, the thread tension is a HUGE problem.  I get puckering of the thread on the underside when I used certain threads.  I can sit there and fiddle with the thread tension or the bobbin tension all day and nothing helps.  It seems to happen more frequently with Guterman thread, but not the cheapy Coats and Clark stuff.  Rather disappointing.  I also have a lot of issues with jamming up, and creating huge, tangled messes on the things I'm sewing.  Honestly, these days, my seam ripper is seeing as much action as this machine.

I've been researching the cost to have basic machine servicing and it looks like it might cost close to, if not slightly more than it would be to buy this machine new!  Ugh.

Word of advice...if you're wanting a machine to do a few basic repairs on or small, basic projects from time to time, then this machine should work just fine for you.  If you're looking to sew as more of a hobby or producing things fairly regularly, then you're going to have to put more money into a machine.  I'm already looking for a replacement for this machine, unfortunately.  I'm just tired of fiddling around with it to try to get it to work properly and am hesitant to put money into servicing it if it's not going to fix the problems anyway (based on what I've researched it sounds like it won't)."
"I purchased this machine in late 2004, it is now 2010, and it is holding up remarkably.  No broken peices, loud noises.  I didn't use to use it to much, just to make a random garmet here and there, but I have recently found myself sitting in front of it almost every night and it works great.  If you don't need a lot of technology and really aren't wanting to invest a lot, I certainly recommend this one, it's easy for even me to use!"
"I bought this machine as a beginner. It was very easy to use once I figured out exactly how to get the lower and upper thread to hook together. I admit I had to watch a bunch of YouTube videos to figure it out. It wasn't really explained as clearly as it should have been in the manual. But once I figured that out, it was so easy to use. The machine is great and for the money, it's perfect. I was going to buy a cheaper machine but the reviews for anything cheaper than this one were terrible. So I decided to spend the extra money and I'm so happy I did!"
"This was purchase to be a gift.  My understanding from the recepient is that the sewing machine far exceeded expectations for capabilities, build quality and ease of use.  I used other reviews on Amazon.com to make this selection and those reviews well define the features.  Since this was a gift I can't address those features but based on the feedback from my wife, I hit a home run."
"I was given this machine for Christmas.  I was able to sew about two dresses for my daughter before the thing broke.  The feed dogs stopped working entirely, they dropped below the plate and upon servicing I found out that someone had forgotten to put in about 3 screws that were suppose to hold the feed dog lever up.  When they went to service it things started falling out of the machine!  Rather than pay to have it rebuilt, I decided to throw it out and purchase a Singer.  I will never, ever buy another Brother machine."
"I read the reviews for this sewing machine and evenghough they were not good I decided to buy it anyway - I have been pleasantly surprised.  I have never owned a sewing machine before.  I found the instructions easy to understand and follow.  I threaded it easily and have been sewing happily ever since, without any problem."
"I'm enjoying my new Brother sewing machine - really like the selection of stitches, and the free arm feature.  It is an excellent buy for the money, and delivery was quick.  Thanks, Brother and Amazon!"
"I love this machine!  I'm a complete novice - haven't sewed a thing since Jr. High home ec class 30 yrs ago.  It works like a dream, and I've already made some really great things with it.  I know other people have had trouble with it unthreading or the thread breaking, but so far that has only happened to me when I made a mistake, like forgetting to put the presser foot down or using the wrong thread for my fabric.  It has enough different stitches for everything I need to do, and a couple I haven't even tried yet (like the buttonhole stitch), so I'm glad I didn't buy one with lots of fancy stitches."
"I did not buy this machine, but got it as a gift. I had never used a sewing machine in my life, but I found this machine easy to use. I have made several items with it. As long as you maintain it, it will stay working. It is important to clean and OIL it as directed in the manual. I do this and it is a work horse. I have used it for 4 months and have had not problems that were the machines fault only mine which were quickly remedied once I did some troubleshooting."
This sewing machine is very nice and easy to use. I will definately recommend it to anyone.
"Don't buy this product. Thinking I'd start sewing lessons with my grandkids I bought this little machine for simple sewing practice but I shortly discovered that it's too difficult and frustrating for even me who's sewn for over 60 years. The foot pedal take a strong pressure to start and causes the machine to take off galloping... there's no way to sew slowly. It's loud, noisy. The hand wheel takes quite a bit of strength to turn by hand. The only thing good I found about it is that it's attractive and all the parts were in the box.  But for simple sewing, forget it."
A very nice basic machine.  Only one tiny complaint; that is that the foot pedal is not very sensitive and the sewing can start out too fast.
I purchased this seweing machine for my 9 year old daughter to learn how to sew.  She and I both like it very much.  It't well worth the price and it works great.  I would recommend it to anyone.
There is no way to slow down the speed at all! It goes full speed or no speed and bunches up the fabric horribly. I had planned on sewing on paper first but it was just way fast. I returned it. Don't buy it.
"After reading the previous reviews for this machine, I was expecting instructions on oiling religiously and an over-zealous foot pedal.  I suspect the manufacturer has made improvements to the design, however, as neither was the case.  There wasn't any mention of a need to oil the machine before using or even any indication on how frequently it would require oiling, but because of the reviews I decided I ought to oil before the first use.  But, alas, there wasn't any oil included!  Luckily I had some from my other Euro Pro machine (which I've never actually oiled).  As for the previously mentioned foot pedal issues, I didn't notice any problems with speed whatsoever.  The pedal was pressure-sensitive and the speed increased and decreased as it should.
The plastic bobbins thing... Really, what is with that?  In the instructions, it says to only use these particular bobbins as standard bobbins are the wrong size.  It even provides a diagram showing ""actual"" size for their own bobbins vs. standard bobbins, which illustrated that regular bobbins would be too small.  However, the standard metal bobbins I had on hand (the same that pretty much everyone has on hand) were precisely the same size as the plastic ones included and recommended.  In fact, I struggled with some lower thread tension issues when using the provided plastic bobbin, but when I (finally got the nerve and) replaced it with a metal one, the problems went away completely.  I've got to say, I just don't get the plastic bobbin thing.
This is otherwise a great machine.  It is FULL-SIZE, not mini, as I'd thought when we ordered it.  It offers lots of features and is a very good value.  Recommended."
I order this machine as a Christmas gift.  I received a refurbished one last year and love it.  This product was delivered fast and packaged nicely.
"I get that this is a more basic machine than others - the price speaks for itself. But I can tell you that after about 12 hours of sewing time, this machine is no longer working properly. As others have said, the machine has one speed - fast. If you try to start out slow, it just hums and won't go. My big issue at this point is that the thread tension is all wrong. It was fine at first but now it uses about 5x more thread than it should and it is constantly getting tangled and jamming the machine and causing my needles to break. When it does decide to not eat up all the thread, the stitch doesn't  hold because it's too loose. I thought it was human error at first but after hours of messing with it, it is clear the machine is just crap.

The reverse stitch is a bit of a joke too. 90% of the time the machine gets tangled when you use it.

The machine has a very hard time handling thicker fabrics (even with the correct style of needle). The feed dog doesn't seem to be capable of pushing through all the fabric.

This machine is probably fine if you either don't ever plan to use it or use it only for lightweight fabrics. If you ever plan to take on projects that use heavier weight fabrics or multiple layers of material, this machine won't cut it. Pay $50+ more and get a machine that actually works.

I gave it 2 stars because when it did work, it worked OK."
"Sorry for my bad English, translated from Spanish to English with Google Translator.

The article is excellent, has a very good value for money, and generally speaking we are very pleased with the acquisition, we are more than satisfied."
"When I bought this I had read a bunch of different reviews for it and wasn't sure.  But it fit into my budget and I needed to make my bolero for my wedding.  I have hardly any sewing experience but I wanted to make my bolero, you can say I was determined.  I made my bolero, successfully, and it's awesome!  The machine was easy to work with and is a good mid grade machine. The only downfall I had was that it did not come with an instruction manual or warranty booklet or anything.  I had to look on you tube to make sure I was threading it correctly and everything.  The needle also came broken but it was okay because it included 3-4 spares in the right sizes.  It came with all the small accessories expected, power cord, and peddle.  That's it.  Good product, hasn't failed me yet."
works well enough for the little sewing I do. I wanted a machine that had a free arm and not spend a ton of money.
I am fairly satisfied with this model of Brother Sewing machine. My most disturbing problem with the LS2125I 10 Stitch is that the thread frequently breaks while sewing and there isn't a guide wire on the needle holder.  I guess I just got what I paid for.
"I love my Brother sewing machine.  I didn't want to spend much money on a sewing machine, as I just use it to fix clothes and things around the house.  I just love it and the price was excellent.  I would buy anything from this company."
This is the first sewing machine in my life. I love this product very much.
"I recently purchased this from Amazon.com as they had the best price on it. I bought it specifically for my 11 year old daughter, who wanted to start sewing doll clothes. I am all for her sewing, and am excited to teach her how (I teach sewing and have since 2002), but I wasn't excited about the thought of her monopolizing my Bernina 930. I decided on this Brother not only because the price was right, but I have had experience with just about every machine created (yes-hand cranks to the extreme high-end embroideries and everything in between) that a student can bring into class, and have found any Brother model I have dealt with to be reliable, easy to use, and simple.  It is basic but has enough added features to experiment and be creative. Nice buttonhole, too!
It is very light weight, but does not have a handle, so think about that upon purchase-if you are going to take it to classes, get a case for it (hard or soft will do). It is the perfect machine for the beginner, off-to-college person, or just for the basic stuff.  I wouldn't tackle something like making slip covers out of heavy interior dec. fabric with it, but for PJ bottoms out of flannel...perfect.

***UPDATE: well, shame on me-I would sew anything on this machine and did this past summer, when I sewed one million (no, just kidding, but seemed like it, excuse the pun) cleaned out juice bag mylar bags together.  It was a volunteer gig for my local elementary school for the science department. Initially, we were going to make a sun shade for when the kids went outside in the science garden, but sewing a 12'x16' thing just got out of hand, so we decided on sitting ""blankets"" for little ones to sit on in the shade of a tree to discuss science.  I popped a leather needle in, 100% nylon thread on all the bobbins, and jammed it all out on THIS machine.  THIS machine cranked on those juice bags without a hiccup!
Daughter isn't sewing soo much, and this machine will stick around anyway as my total-total back up machine.  During Nutcracker season, I keep it at the theater to sew anything from satin ribbon on toe shoes to delicate chiffon for some of the costumes.  You can't go wrong with this machine."
"This sewing machine is exactly what I was looking for.  I'm no seamstress, but it's nice to have a working sewing machine around the house to mend or hem clothing and make a few more simple things, like curtains or pillowcases.  This is no muss, no fuss.  The directions are clearly written and there are not a lot of buttons to push or stitches to choose from.  It has ten basic stitches, and that's probably more than you need if you are looking to purchase an entry-level basic sewing machine.  I was up and running within ten minutes and within a half an hour had hemmed a pair of jeans that were too long for me.  If you are looking for a good, easy-to-use and dependable machine for a novice sewer, I think this would be a great choice."
"I bought this sewing machine,because I needed something to replace a very accent Singer Machine that I have. It worked well for 5mons and then I was sewing and the needle just fell down and broke. The machine isn't all metal that I found out. The piece that makes it sew is plastic and broke off. I went to go get it serviced and to have it fixed costs more than the machine is worth. Don't waste your money,buy something with all metal parts and don't waste your time on this junk. The warranty is pointless in this case."
"I personally do not sew but my girlfriend wanted to, so I looked around and read other customer reviews on many different sewing machine and this one had High ratings. My girlfriend found it easy to setup and even easier to use. She couldn't be happier. The price was right and the performance is great. You won't be disappointed."
The sewing machine arrived in good time and it does what I want it to do.  I think it goes a little too fast when you first start but It sews good and I am satisfied with the value and the price I paid....dianainca
"First of all ...  I had NEVER used a sewing machine before.  I wasn't able to even thread a machine.  Now ...  I have actually made slipcovers for 2 sofas!!  I give all the credit to this machine.  It makes sewing easy for beginners who want great results.  I also bought Sewing for Dummies (another big help).  Fabric.com (also on Amazon) has great fabric at great prices.  Before this machine, I never thought I could sew anything.  Thanks Brother!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"This is a very attractive, lightweight machine. Til you go to thread it! I can remember threading my mom's 45 year old Atlas portable machine at age eight and could do it with my eyes closed. The presser foot falls off all the time, the bobbin mechanism falls off all the time. I plan on conquering this machine as the price was right but I will never recommend another brother machine!"
"Thanks for the people who left reviews here.  As someone who had not used a sewing machine for over 30 years and who has an 8-year old daughter who wants to learn how to sew, I didn't want to spend ton of money.  I am satisfied with this machine.  Because I am so bad with instructions, I relied on an experienced friend who guided me through the very first step and within an hour, I was able to do all the basic stitches.
Will use this for a long time."
"I'm very happy with this product. It is easy to use, and the price can't be beat!"
"My parents bought me this Brother machine to replace a disfunctional Singer they had just given me as a gift.  Though some parts were similar, this was the better budget-priced machine.  I had no problems with the upright bobbin or with thread tangling like some other users reported.  My problems were with the feed dogs, which had difficulty with anything thicker than medium-weight denim, and the speed, which is fast ONLY - not so great on curves.  My other complaint is that you cannot fine tune the stitch length or width, and you have to turn a screw to adjust the buttonhole length.  I also had a problem with uneven thread tension.  Finally, the manual was written and printed on a budget.  In the interest of squeezing in four languages, directions were often too brief and did not correlate with the illustrations.  I would recommend this machine to intermediate sewers primarily working with medium-weight woven fabrics."
"I'm a student living across the country from home, and I started sewing again while home for winter break.  I made two shirts, a coat and a pair of pants.  One of the shirts, made with a stretch fabric, I didn't finish the hem on.  So when I got back to school and ordered this sewing machine, the first thing I did was try to finish the hem.

Big mistake.  The pressure foot is not adjustable and didn't allow the fabric to move AT ALL.  And those of you who know anything about sewing know that you are not supposed to stretch stretch fabric while sewing it.  The hem turned out awful...  and I came very close to ruining this shirt that I worked really hard on because of this machine.

When I was trying to fix a torn sheet, the fabric actually got pulled down into the machine (I have no idea how.)  I had to cut the sheet even more just to get it free.

DON'T buy this product, it is a miserable excuse for a sewing machine.  Spend the extra money now before, like me, your sewing machine becomes a shelf accessory."
"I bought this machine about 5 years ago when I wanted to learn how to sew and quilt.  As a beginner, the bobbin can be tricky--but be patient!  I haven't had any problems with the machine--keep it oiled and clean (I use an air canister to spray the fuzz that collects).

This model has very minimal bells and whistles which is perfect for a beginner.  I plan on upgrading soon, but I will still keep this machine for quilting."
"I bought this machine to do slipcovers, hadn't sewed in over 20 years, and found it very easy to use.  Would recommend."
I ordered it for my mom and she likes this sewing machine allot. I would suggest this purchase to anyone looking for a less than $100 sewing machine that is simple to use and operate.
"Recently I bought this sewing machine very happy with this. Initially I thought very difficult to use but after reading guide book it was very simple started using.
You can use this machine for 10 different type of sewing very simple to operate also it perfectly do job done. I will recommend to others this machine because it economically fits very easy to handle."
"I am new to sewing, but not completely ignorant, so I thought this machine would be a good starter machine after my old Singer bit it. I was completely wrong.
The speed goes full or nothing; there is no slow stitching. And the bobbin! I have never seen such a convoluted bobbin system in my life. Save yourself the trouble and just buy something else. This machine will make you want to break it, then you can't get your money back!"
"I purchased this machine on Amazon over a year ago. Since then, I have yet to figure out the whole bobbin.  I've had three very experienced sewers tried to help me... as well as taken it to a JoAnne Fabric Store.  I also have emailed Brother for help numerous times--but have not heard a reply..  The bobbin is on it's side, and nobody can figure out how to get the darn thing to stay in.  Not sure if I got a defective machine or not.  So frustrating.

Updating.. well, after struggling with it for over a year... including taking sewing lessons on it... the timing went out (maybe sewed on it 20 times)... so I decided to buy a new machine.  Bought a Singer...and oh what a difference.  First, the manual is 1000x better written.  Second, it's very easy to thread the bobbin...haven't had any issues, and with the Brother every time I sewed there was an issue.  The Singer really sews like a dream, and I'm so happy.

I have no idea if it was just a bad machine or not.... but I will say, that even if it worked perfectly, the Singer is better.  More stitches, better manual."
"I purchased this machine for about the same price several years ago from Walmart.  I had used a sewing machine only once before during a Home Ec class in HS but wasn't into sewing at the time.  As a result I don't remember anything and for all intents and purposes was a novice.

This is an excellent machine because it is so easy to use.  The most important thing I did upon purchasing this machine was to read the manual and go through all the procedures (loading the bobbin, threading the needle, etc.).  Because it was so easy to use I became quite an accomplished sewer and have saved several hundred dollars making personal and household items.  With the savings I've made on these items the machine has more than paid for itself.  I would recommend this machine for anyone who wants a trouble free product, though not at the price offered.  Walmart has a new beginner Brother Machine with even more stitches and accessories for an even cheaper price than the one listed here though this model can do quite a lot even with only ten built in stitches."
This is a wonderful machine! I was able to sew fleec on it. It was an easy to thread machine. I only had a few complications with it. I would recommend it to a first time sewer.
My 12-year-old loves her new sewing machine!  Price was right and the delivery sooo quick...within a week!  Thanks so much!!
"I needed a basic sewing machine because I don't do ""fancy"" stitches.  The Brother LS21251 has everything I need and want and was a terrific price.  I received it within days of ordering it and it was shipped with great care.  Over all, it was a great decision to order this machine through Amazon.com.

Thank you!

Lynn"
"easy to use, took us an hour to figure out initially, but now comes as second nature. delivered timely as usual"
This is a great sewing machine for the price. It has all the functions I need.
"I was really worried when I read all the negative reviews and wasn't sure if I was wasting my money on this one. Amazon doesn't allow half stars or I would have said 3.5 stars instead of 4, but the title is pretty much the review: it's not perfect, but it's not all that bad, either.

Some people mentioned that the machine doesn't work well for thick fabrics, but we got two quilts on this machine without any trouble. That's a cotton top, a thick cotton middle, and a cotton bottom, and while I was a little nervous that it wouldn't fit under the ""foot"" it did fine. We sewed flannel and felt, and they weren't a problem. Obviously, it does best on cotton. Haven't tried it on silks and satins yet.

I had trouble with the bobbin a lot, with the thread breaking, getting tangled, that kind of thing. But once I started pulling out 6 inches of thread before starting, the problem went away, so maybe it was just that I wasn't pulling enough thread and tension. I am still not sure why I was having so much difficulties.

I do really like the bobbin winder, though. I've been using the machine pretty much continually for three months now, and haven't seen any problems with the needle breaking."
"I got this machine to help my 7 year old daughter learn to sew.  It has been a great machine.  The ability to control the machine at very slow speeds is not great.  It tends to hum and then race forward.  It isn't a problem for me, the parent, but my daughter lacks the control to deal with the faster speed.  The controls are simple and only what is essential.  The variety of stitches is just what she needs.  It is easy to set up and thread.  I haven't used the buttonholer yet and I noticed some machines use a ""one step"" buttonholer.  I don't think the 4 steps this machine uses will be a problem, but if you plan to make a lot of buttonholes, this might be a consideration.  We are very satisfied with this machine especially considering the reasonable price."
"machine works well, but the tool compartment is very hard to remove. requires force to open it, which you'll need to do to access the bobbin. this has not gotten easier over time...."
"Excellent little machine.  I have only used it for basic sewing of items such as curtains and throws and it performed very well indeed.  The only quibble I have is the fiddlyness of the bobbin - winding on the thread doesn't always work properly and I devised my own method:  and I found inserting the bobbin into the casing slightly awkward.

However I got over these problems and as I said the machine did the basics I asked of it.  I would recommend it to anyone wanting a no nonsense machine."
"I can see how this machine would be a great pick as a first machine for youth.  It is very easy to use and seems quite durable.  Also, the pedal is very pressure precise, so it makes it very easy to control.  I don't sew very well and wanted an easy-to-use machine that offered no complications in set-up, etc.....I am so pleased to say that I just finished making some custom drapes for my 15-foot guest bedroom with ease! I am so thrilled with how easy it was to use this machine, and the bobbin never jammed, the needle never un-threaded and the tension stayed consistent for a machine that is so economically-priced.  It's a real winner if you want a sewing machine that is user-friendly, lightweight, a good beginner's model, and is good for any project..."
"I have no words to say how happy I am with my new Sewing machine. Cheap, good quality and excellent!. I recommend 200%"
"I had problems right away until I read the directions and saw that you must use the enclosed plastic bobbins and not my own metal ones. It worked beautifully with the plastic bobbin in place.

I bought a low end brother machine 20 yrs ago that came broken. The manufacturer replaced it and the 2nd one had the same problems. I lost interest in sewing because it was such a hassle to wrestle with the thread and never be able to finish a project or make anything that looked nice finished.

I've been sewing simple seams with a machine that was basically a toy. It was time for a real machine but I hesitated to buy another because of my past experience.

Wal-Mart had this machine on sale for $69 so I finally bought one.

It seems to be quite an improvement from my first machine but from the wide ranging reviews on this page and my own personal past experience, I think you either get a working machine or you don't.

If you didn't get a working one, its under warranty so keep giving it back till they get you one that works. But make sure you're using the plastic bobbin first.

I wonder if my machine from 20 yrs ago would have worked with a plastic bobbin?"
"I purchased this sewing machine so that I could leave it at my quilting group.  I have another Brother sewing machine at home that has a lot more functions, but it is heavy.  The Brother LS2125i is fairly light weight and fine for straight stitching.  It does have a buttonholer which I will probably never use, but it is nice to know I have the option.  This machine is relatively inexpensive and is fine for the what I intend to use it for.  It is noisy, but functions well."
"I received this machine at the end of September 2008 and have been
satisfied with it.  I gave it four stars because there is one unsatisfactory feature, the plastic handle that controls the presser lever.  It feels weak, as if it
wouldn't take much force to break it.  Brother 2125i is good for someone
who doesn't sew too much.  I use it, at most, for half an hour at a time.
Brother describes it as a machine for mending and sewing.  Making a
buttonhole is a four step process, I have not tried it.  I went through all the basic zig zag and straight stitches and all stitches were satisfactory.
[...]A sewing machine is a mechanical device, I oiled it as soon as I received it.
It is lightweight, and I wanted something I could easily put on a table.
The 2125i is good for someone like myself who just wants to do a little
light sewing or for someone new to sewing machines and not ready to
invest in a heavy duty one."
"I've used this item for a few months now and has worked great for what I use it. Nothing major, just some fixer uppers. Very happy with my purchase."
I am so glad that I purchased this machine. This is my first sewing machine and it is great to work on. It is user friendly and is great for first time users. I stiched my first shirt with it and it turned out pretty good. I will definitely recommend it to others.
"I just bought this machine when my older model finally gave up.  I've had good results with my older Brother model, so I just assumed this would be just as good.  It made it about five times before it decided to self adjust the upper tension in the middle of a stitch.  It has also decided to switch from zigzag to straight back to zigzag in the middle of a project.  I'm taking this machine back and getting my money back.  I'm severely disappointed with the quality of this machine!  I guess I'm going to try my luck with a Singer."
"My ten year old daughter bought this for herself with her birthday money and has had a VERY difficult time with it.  Every time she gets it threaded, within minutes it is no longer working properly and she has to rethread the entire machine.  We are taking it to a sewing shop for a review but are thinking of returning it as defective merchandise."
"I bought this product as a beginners machine. I have only used a sewing machine twice prior to this purchase. Upon receiving my machine it was easy to set up and get started. A few key points:

1. Threading a machine is difficult from a book, if you can, find someone to illustrate how to do it. My mother in law taught me how initially thread a machine, so I could easily figure this one out. But if I didn't have that prior knowledge threading from an instruction manual is HARD.
2. PLEASE do a sample sewing using a discarded piece of fabric prior to using your real fabric. There is oil in the machine that needs to be run through and if you start using your real fabric first you will get black colored thread running through your fabric. Not good. But this point is mentioned in the owners manual, so be forewarned.

Overall, I love this little machine, so far I have hemmed all my curtains, made a skirt and hemmed my bath towels. I recommend it highly for anyone just curious to try it out or beginning their first craft project."
It's a great machine! Easy to use for beginners and a great starter sewing machine :)
"I have owned this machine for 3 years. I bought it when my 1970s Singer gave up the ghost. I have sewed everything from quilts to jeans on it. I suggest keeping it oiled. After 3 years, the bobbin winder is winding the bobbin wrong and the tension is mesesing up. I do believe I have gotten my money's worth as sometimes this machine is going 10 hours a week. I have purchased a new Brother just today but still plan to keep the old one to use too."
"This machine is really just OK.  It sews which is why I bought it.  But, it also sticks.  I have to get it started with the hand wheel about half the time.  That's kind of aggravating.  But then again, I onlyl use it for mending.  I hardly every really ""sew"" anymore."
"I bought this sewing machine because my previous machine stopped working, and I had a big project I needed to finish quickly. The Brother machine arrived broken. The stitch selector would only do a straight stitch. The dial wouldn't even turn to any of the other options. When I finally did get it to select the zig-zag stitch, the needle just moved up and down in place, not forwards and certainly not side-to-side. Also, the needle arm was out of alignment, so the needle kept hitting the metal plate on the base of the machine. I snapped two needles in the course of trying to sew a simple garment. It is not even worth my time to exchange this piece of junk.

I gave it two stars, because it could do a straight stitch, and as long as you were only sewing together two pieces of thinner fabric, it worked okay. If you wanted to sew layers of three or more pieces of fabric, or something thicker like denim, forget it."
ive hemmed three pair of pants first time i sewed in my life just about  was easy to thread and to use and cant beat teh price no tax free shipping you be nuts not to buy and if you sew alot  you can be come  amster at this machine rather fast easy to use cost effecient already paid for itself  go see how much it ios to hem a pairof pants these days  save gas alone lol well today every drop counts peace
"This sewing machine is perfect for my needs as a beginner.  It is easy to set up and use, and performs well.  I highly recommend it."
"I am new to sewing and wasn't looking for anything other than a bare bones machine when I bought this.  If I could sew a straight line with it, I'd be happy.  Even with these simple goals, this machine did not meet my expectations.

1) I could not get the machine to start slowly.  It went at full speed or no speed.  2)No matter how I adjusted the tension knob, the fabric puckered (according to the trouble-shooting guide, I was doing everything right--right fabric with the right thread, etc).

I have used two other machines in the past and I never had any trouble sewing a decent line.  I returned this machine."
This was my first time using a sewing machine and I was able to prepare the machine and use it by following the directions that came with it. It is very easy to use and control I loved it and the price is great. Definetly would recommend.
"I read the reviews and crossed my fingers and ordered this one.  I am pleased I did.  I only do mending, or an occasional uncomplicated small project.  I must say I set it up all by myself with out any proplems.  I did have my husband show me which parts needed lubrication and he did that for me (I am not too mechanical).  I followed someone elses advice and sewed on a papertowel until the oil quit coming through as I sewed.  It worked great as far as I was concened!  My husband told me I should have bought a heavier duty one, but for the price this one was fine.  It will spend months in the closet before I pull it out again.  I would say, buy this one for light, infrequent sewing jobs. Lubing it every week does seem like a pain, though. I am not sure if other machines are like that, though."
"I received this machine for Christmas, and thought I had a good machine.  I knew nothing about sewing at the time, and thought this would be a good starter machine.

I whipped out a few pillow cases, even tried to sew a quilt and a dress.  My main issue was the needle kept unthreading, and it seemed I couldn't sew a straight line.  I figured it was just lack of experience on my part, boy was I wrong!

I'm really glad I decided to take a quilting class where I took this machine.  I mentioned the problems and the experienced women there tried to help.  They noticed the machine was pulling to the left, and did just about everything to try and fix it, but ultimately told me I had a bad sewing machine.

Had I not gotten advice from someone who knew much more than I did, I would have been learning on a faulty machine, and who knows where that would have led me!

Based on that, I can't recommend this machine to a beginner."
"This is a decent machine for the price, but unless you like wrestling with your sewing machine on a fairly regular basis, I cannot recommend it.
It has some strange design kinks that cause thread tangles at the drop of a hat. Otherwise it seems sturdy and user friendly."
"I had never used a sewing machine before this one.  I bought this one because of the price, features, and good reviews.  The first time I used it, I was a little lost, but I read the manual and I got the hang of it.  The instructions are a bit difficult to decipher at first, as there are numerous different languages printed next to eachother, it was hard to find the english in sequence.  Other than that, this is a great sewing machine.  I've used it many times since I bought it, and it seems to be working well.  It's also lightweight, and stores easily."
"My mom bought me this machine.  It's a great beginner/starter machine.  It has 10 stitches including several straight stitches, zig-zags and a buttonhole function.  I've made lots of cute items for my daughter on it and it works like a charm!"
Excellent machine for the price.  Read all the reviews and you too will be convinced it's a good buy and product.
I was looking forward to a machine that had pretty much automatic controls for tension but this has been very frustrating.  No matter what setting the machine is set at the tension between thread and bobbin do not match up causing CONSTANT thread breaking and bobbin bunching! I could hand sew faster than this!!
"It is good, and not great. All the basics are there. It sews, it's easy to thread and to use, it's lightweight... But there are some little things that I just don't like about the design of this machine. The tool drawer pulls out, instead of opens out--on hinges. What this means is everytime I have to change the bobbin, or even get a bobbin, I have to pull this compartment off the machine. Everytime I do, all the little tools spill allover the table and floor. Having that compartment open out on hinges is a pretty standard solution, but not on this machine. I have also had a little trouble with the machine jamming up on some zigzag stitches with delicate fabrics. While there are solutions to this (different needles, adjustments to tension/stitch length, etc.), the main jist of this machine is it's simplicity of use... so I was hoping it wasn't so fussy as is seems to be so far. Overall, this seems like a good bargain for a basic beginning sewing machine that can be easily used for basic stitches. Anything beyond that... I wouldn't recomend."
"First note that I am an inexperienced sewer.  I haven't sewn since the seventh grade.  But after some brief views of the manual we had it up and running.  The first project we did was repair some jeans of mine.  This was pretty heavy duty and the machine performed flawlessly.  I couldn't stop sewing, I kept finding other things to sew it was so easy and fun.  This machine has (for the few projects we have done) handled them all without a problem, even heavy jeans."
I got this for my daughter... the directions to set it up could have been a little easier to read but she's very happy with it.  She just needed something to do some minor sewing and mending. It does a nice job for that!
"The only complaint I have is that no carring case came with this machine.
The operation is smooth and will do any light repair needed in the house.
Great for you children who want to learn to sew."
My 10 year old daughter received this as a gift. It is so easy to use. She is able to thread the top by herself. She is really enjoying using the different stitching designs. It is great for a beginner.
"Let me premise this recommendation with the fact that I have been sewing for over 25 years as a hobby.  I own my own machine, a Kenmore.  I am an engineer who found my love of engineering through my love of sewing.  My 10-year-old son has been asking me for over three years to give him sewing lessons on my machine, so I bought him this machine for him for Christmas.  This is a lovely machine, well made, and sturdy.  This is not a machine that you should buy if you will not have someone who knows about sewing to assist you.  This is not like buying a Nintendo DS or a Wii, which are items that are intuitive.  The instructions to thread the machine and the bobbin are substandard.  We successfully thread the machine and bobbin because they are identical to my Kenmore.  If you have never thread a machine before, be prepared for directions that are confusing.

If you have some sewing experience under your belt and you can get past the threading of the machine, you will love this machine.  If you are buying this for a novice, make sure you get a tutorial book with exercises that the receiver can perform on paper first.  I got my son several kits of projects that he can sew for himself (a pillow, mittens & a scarf), but he cannot start on those projects until he has mastered all of the examples in the beginner book.  He thought that sewing was easy and that he could make all sorts of stuffed animals, etc. right away.  He now has been made aware that mastering sewing starts with a good machine, and practice, practice, practice before you can really make anything.

It is a good thing to start on paper, not only because it is good practice but also the machine has been oiled and some of the residual oil will come off on the bobbin thread as you start sewing at first.  Please do not use anything you value on the machine until the oil residue goes away (about 1 foot of stitches seemed to do the trick).

Also, make sure you understand how to use a sewing machine safely.  My son now understands that this is a powerful machine and the needle can go through your finger easily.  If you are buying this for a child, please do not let them figure out how to use this on their own.  It is like a power tool, so treat it as such.

This machine is less expensive than a professional model, but still is an investment.  I am looking forward to my children using this for many years to come."
"I have a BabyLock that was in the shop being serviced and I needed to sew a costume for my nephew.  I decided to go and buy a ""cheap spare"" to have for such situations and for my heavier sewing projects.

I have sewn for about 25 years now and let me tell you something, this machine is GREAT!  It's perfect for begining sewers because there aren't too many options or functions to learn.  The vertical-housed bobbin keeps the tension like you wouldn't believe.  I hardly ever have to adjust tension or bobbin.  It's ready to go just as I left it.

There are the options and functions necessary for routine sewing.  Quilters would need a different machine, but for just about anything else, this is a jewel!

Best deal for the money out there!"
"I'm new to sewing and this machine was bought as a ""beginner's"" toy for me. I absolutely love using this sewing machine; it's easy to thread, easy to sew and easy to clean. I've only had it for 2 months and already I've made a pair of jammies, numerous table accents, couch pillows and a Christmas tree skirt. I just love having it and I think this is a worthwhile hobby. This sewing machine is perfect for beginners but from what I've heard it's good for all ages and skill levels. And best of all, the price was right!!!"
"i can't stress how bad this instruction booklet is.  i bought this machine with the hopes of being able to hem my own pants.  well, there is a section on blind hem stitching.  unfortunately, the instruction booklet does not tell you that you need a different presser foot than the standard one.  and of course the machine doesn't come with it.  it took a significant amount of time on google to figure out why i couldn't make my stitch look like the picture!!

it is not the best machine for beginners.

those of us just starting out with sewing need a better users manual."
"between 3 people, we were unable to figure out the proper way to thread this machine.  we read the instructions multiple times, and it actually worked for about 2 minutes, & then became a tangled mess."
"In all fairness, the one that I have is probably an older model. But it looks exactly the same. I have had it for about three years now and finally threw it away the other day because I had just had enough of the issues. It constantly binds up. The tension knob was a problem. I am turned off by Brother after this one. This new model may be better, but I am getting a Singer in the future."
"Very happy with this product right out of the box. The only part that confused me was the bobbin installation. I thought you had to connect the thread somewhere and finally gave up and just tried it and apparently the machine feeds itself once the bobbin holder is loaded into place. Loaded several bobbins with thread just for fun. I'm also surprised by how much fun I've had so far. I made a little pillow right off just to have that sense of accomplishment. Now, I'm working on an infant size quilt and loving every minute. My only recommendation is to go ahead and get a nice fabric cutting set. A ruler and a pair of scissors have left my work so far looking lopsided and off. I can see why they still sell these -- it really is an enjoyable pastime. And for the price it's perfect for a hobby starter."
"This is the first sewing machine I have ever bought and I am happy with it. I am an absolute beginner for sewing.  I am all thumbs, and I just wish to sew simple home decorative items - tableclothes, pillows, swags, placemats, etc. My mother, who is a great sewer, advised me that very simple machine that has 10 stitch or so is enough for me. She is right.  For an absolute beginner like myself, this machine's feature is enough. All other machines I rerearched have too much functions, which I don't need.  Some people are mentioning that the manual of this machine is difficult to read, but I did not think so.  I am happy to find a basic sewing machine that I can use comfortably with very reasonable price."
"It arrived on time. Simple to use with neat instructions booklet. light and easy to carry. Most of the stitches explained can be used without difficulty, the button hole function is great to have. Overall a great machine for the price."
"This machine is wonderful! I'm a beginer at sewing and find this machine very easy to use. I bought it two days ago from Walmart, (only because I needed to get it immediately and couldn't wait for shipping time) and it's a dream to work with. Right out of the box I had it up and working within half an hour. The instruction booklet that comes with it jumps around a little, but I didn't find it too cumbersome. It's quiet, runs smoothly, and is very user-friendly in trying to figure out. I would definitely recommend this machine to anyone."
I bought this for my daughter-in-law and she is very pleased with it. This was her first sewing machine and it was easy for her to fiqure out how to operate it. It has the basics that is all a beginner needs. I highly recommend it for all of those just learning to sew.
"Bought this for my 14 yr old daughter, it's fabulous for her. Arrived promptly and easy to use."
"I am very pleased with the sewing machine.  I hadn't sewn in years and I had it up and running in no time, which for me is saying something.  the instructions are easy to understand and I have completed a number of different projects without a single problem.  It works very well with what I need it to do."
"This is my first sawing machine. I never did any sawing before. The attached instruction needs some improvement, but it's still not bad to follow. I like the product in general."
"This was a birthday gift for my future daughter-in-law.  She was thrilled to get her very first sewing machine, and when I saw her this past Sunday, she was already wearing her first project...a darling skirt.  Based on comments written by others, I encouraged her to buy metal bobbins.  She did and said that she had no problems with the machine or instructions.  We'd both say that this is a great machine at a great price for those seamstresses who work on every-day, simple projects."
"I received my machine and was very excited to get started.  It took so many hours to work with the instructions supplied.  It felt as though the instructions did not follow a sequence.  Good thing I read very carefully and found out that the machine had to be oiled before use.

Once you get past the instructions, the machine is a good value."
"This sewing machine is easy to use for a beginner, but there are two main issues I have had so far. Firstly, the directions are a little bit confusing due to how they are worded and the four languages that are present throughout. Secondly, the thread gets caught on the wheel which unthreads the needle frequently.  However, the sewing machine sews great and is easy to use once the directions are read thoroughly. I have never sewn before in my life, but with this sewing machine in the last two weeks I have made my first Halloween costume for my daughter. So, all in all, I am very happy with the machine."
I bought this sewing machine & have simply fell in love with sewing.  As child my mom had her sewing machine & I now know why she enjoys making clothes & such.  I may still be a novice to intermediate sewer but I simply enjoy it.  The only drawback I have is that I may get over-excited & get my small spool under the needle stuck every now & again and they may just be all my fault.
"This has been a great machine-- it is cheap, and you can tell (e.g., it's light weight, and the parts are not as ""pretty"") but it is totally functional and works really, really well.  I have had not a single problem with it (many fewer problems than with  my mom's much more expensive machine, which is much more complicated as well!).  A really great buy, I'm extremely pleasd with it, and it's perfect for someone just starting out."
I wanted an easy to use machine for a beginner and this fits the bill. It threads in about 10 seconds and is very user friendly. It came faster than the estimate.
"This is a good, basic sewing machine.  All I needed to do was straight stich and some zigzig stitches and this machine performs those tasks well."
"When I press the foot pedal, it makes a grinding sound before running at a very high speed. It is extremely noisy, even after I oiled it. I contacted customer service, but they told me ""The machine is manufactured to have a five second pause before sewing."" This does not help. It is impossible to run slowly, because the motor will stall."
"This machine is the perfect machine for beginners and people who just want to do small sewing jobs, which is what I wanted. I am very pleased with the machine, and the price was great. It easy to thread, and very portable. The only drawback, which is minor, is the instructions tthere is too much jumping around. If they would put all English consecutive, and then the other languages, it would be easier to follow."
I ordered this machine for my mom. She just loves how well it works with it's compact design. The shipping was great and the prodcut came in before the estimated time. it offers a good range of stiching functions. My mom uses it for simpler tasks such as fixing and alteration work but this can be used for much more.
"I mostly use this machine to do basic lingerie sewing on slips, camisoles, panties and simple teddies...I'm new to sewing and have been surprised by the quality of this machine!  I have found the threading to be very simple, but I have to use a paper clip to get the tread through the thread take-up lever and the machine tends to bunch up the material when back stitching (I have to adjust the tension lever).

This machine comes with basic accessories like a buttonhole, zipper, button sewing feet, a needle set, 3 bobbins, darning plate, screwdriver and one extra spool pin. The manual is very easy to read and use, instructions are given in english, spanish and french and in order to get the best use of this machine, must be read carefully! If you are sewing heavyweighted or lightweighted fabrics, you'll need to change the needle size and check that you are using the correct foot. Also, this machine does a great job with basic monogramming and embroidering!

I like the 10 stitches which includes 4 different zig zag stitches, the buttonhole, straight, stretch blind, shell tuck and elstic stitches.  There is a tension control roller and the ability to do twin needle sewing.

Overall, a very good machine for basic sewing and crafting!"
"I am so glad I bought this machine! I didn't need a zillion different stitches - I needed a reliable, easy to use machine for hemming (including denim), mending, and simple projects. This machine does a great job on all of that and could easily be used for more complicated projects. It is such a wonderful little machine - it makes me want to sew more! I haven't sewed in ages and I made my first pillow cover in almost 25 years within an hour or so of taking it out of the box! I was also considering the Singer Inspiration 4205 which is about $50 more and has only 5 stitches but I'm very happy I went with the Brother."
"I did a lot of online research before buying this sewing machine. I didn't want to spend too much money, but wanted something to handle simple sewing projects. I decided to buy this one after seeing lots of positive reviews. I'm glad that I bought this sewing machine. After reading through the instruction manual, I was able to fix two towels, three skirts (denim), one coats, and one pair of pants. I'm glad that I bought this machine. I've already saved money by doing these projects at home instead of going to a tailor.  I do have to say that the instruction manual is a bit difficult to read due to all of the languages mixed together, but if I just highlight the English instructions, I can easily find what I'm looking for."
"My mom bought me this machine about a month ago & I have to say that I love it. It's very easy to use & not intimidating at all. (Although I am a ""manual reader"" so I rarely dive into anything mechanical blindly.)

Two reasons I gave it 4 stars instead of 5.

1. The manual layout could be better. Directions & pictures should be on the same page. Especially since the directions refer to the pictures & both helped a newbie like me. Flipping back & forth between written directions & the pictures while trying to load a bobbin for the first time was frustrating.

2. Why plastic bobbins?"
"I have only had my brother sewing machine for about 2 months, but have used it to alter skirts and make curtains.  It is very easy to use and has simple troubleshooting guidelines and easy to follow instructions for use.  It is much simpler than my mother's sewing machine (different brand) and runs very smoothly.  I am very pleased with it so far."
"I had a little project to re-cover some foam cushions. Reviews on hand-held machines were awful and this one was just a little more expensive and a lot more versatile. I had not used a sewing machine in close to 50 years and as a man am not supposed to, but I decided to try. Easy to set up, the price is right, works well with no problems. Nice tight stitches with no adjustments. Did an excellent job on some medium-weight apholstery fabric. Directions on bobbin removal and filling were a bit obtuse but I got the job done."
"I bought a Brother digital sewing/embroidery machine in February that was a total DUD...I mean it didn't survive making one garment before it went Kaput and I'm still trying to get it fixed!

I bought this ""little"" machine as a ""back up"" and it is GREAT!!!!!!!!!!!!

I had to buy a bottle of sewing machine oil to oil it weekly (as the manual advised) otherwise it came fully equipped and it just purrs right along and does a great job of sewing on a variety of fabrics. I'm VERY HAPPY and it was 1/6 the price of Brother digital dud."
"This is a nice little machine. I just haven't been able to sew the buttons back on my husband's jeans when he pops 'em off. It can't handle the thickness, I think.

Maybe he needs to buy bigger jeans. So...you tell him!"
"I am completely new to the sewing practice.  I purchased this machine after reading the other reviews, and I am happy I did it.
I was not looking for anything fancy, only a machine to do simple beginner tasks, and I find this one very easy to use.  I completed my first project in one afternoon.
By the way, the included instruction book is written in English, French, Spanish and Portuguese.  I am a native Spanish speaker, so the fact that my language is included in the manual was very useful."
My 14-year-old granddaughter loves it.  She finds it easy to use.  She's thrilled!
"I got this as a Christmas present for my mother.  She had formerly used a 27 year old machine but picked it right up and after reading the manual for 5 minutes, started sewing.  She was happy that it had a button holer function.  The controls seem easy enough and the design is nice.  Recommended"
"--I don't have this exact sewing machine. But I do have one manufactured by Brother that looks very similar, and I bet this is just a newer model.

My mother bought me my sewing machine for Christmas when I was 16 and I'm now 23. I have used my machine so much, from everything from getting married (made my own veil and some fabric decorations for the ceremony), to sewing for my husband (two matching seat covers), to clothing my little dog, Daisy (two sweaters), to the birth of my daughter (her 'coming home' blanket and onesie), to having a new baby around (dozens of bibs), to having a toddler (two Halloween costumes, two Christmas dresses, two Easter dresses, a ""shopping cart cover""), to sewing for my niece and nephews (a dress, a skirt, a romper), to sewing for my big dog, Duke (a large dog bed), to helping friends who needed work clothes cheap (30+ nurses scrubs), to finally where I am now: Starting home decor, I have already made a tablecloth, chair cushions, and fabric bowls (HGTV) now I am trying my hand at curtains. ALL these things with one basic sewing machine!

All I have to do is oil it once a week (since I use it so much) and it has lasted for SEVEN years. Nothing (excepting needles!) has ever broke, not ever, not even the light bulb has burned out.

Wonderful basic sewing machine!"
Still going strong.
cheater
Love the machine. I do basic alterations myself now. :D
works good for me
"I bought this machine in 2003, I sew regularly sometimes sewing a lot and then taking a few months off, and so on.  I've never taken the machine in for maintenance (although I probably should), and 15 years later it is still working wonderfully!  I have 4 machines now and I use this one for super fuzzy fabrics (to keep lint out of my nicer ones) and for teaching my daughter and my nieces how to sew.  I would highly recommend this machine, it had taken a beating from me and I've never had any issues."
Not at all intuitive to set up and use as the ad led me to believe.
Comes in handy when you need a sewing machine!
"We're a sewing family and I run a small Etsy shop, so we use a lot of machines.  My regular machine is a Brother HC1850 and I have been very pleased with that, so when I saw this machine go on sale, I thought I'd scoop it up.  I have not had much luck with the machine myself and two of my team-mates who were using it temporarily as a back-up machine  had a terrible time with it as well.  It continually skips stitches and cannot seem to handle fleece at all (our primary fabric).  I thought I could expect more from Brother, but I am very disappointed in this machine.  It is very frustrating to use and certainly not worth the 250 price it is currently at."
Awesome.
great
