This is the best glue I have EVER used to glue dog's ears.  It works fast and lasts long.
"For those interested in this product to use on dog ears, it works quite well.  Our breeder recommended we give this a try when our German Shepherd's ears didn't come up on their own.  Tear Mender adheres firmly without causing skin irritation and holds well for weeks before working out naturally as the fur continues to grow.  Any bit left can be removed with surgical adhesive remover from your pharmacist or simply clipped away.

This method is less irritating to the dog than using surgical tape to adhere forms to the dog's ears, which can be bothersome and pulled off with scratching.  Gluing the ears up does not encourage the dog to scratch as much as the bothersome forms, which need to be repositioned every time the dog scratches them out of place."
This is wonderful on jeans. It should not be used on white fabrics that are thin it will yellow them. But it has saved me big bucks on expensive jeans for my son and daughter. Abslutely the best thing I have ever used to repair jeans and thicker fabrics. Its washable and the fabrics will not seperate as long as you follow instructions.
I used this glue on my dog's ears.  I had gone into a website and they told me this particular glue would work.  I find that it did not work as good as I thought it would.
This is the only liquid fabric adhesive that I can find that works--we have washed jeans for years that had this on them and never had a problem.
"This is great stuff!! Whatever you can't fix with duct tape, this will do it..

I've used this for years and have fixed all sorts of stuff with it.. Patched tears in barn boots, glued door gaskets back on the truck, smeared a thin coat on the back of a rug to keep it from sliding, etc., etc.. It'll glue just about anything to anything else, and keep a flexible, durable bond..

I've used it to keep my shirt collar neatly in place---just one small dab here and there keeps the collar from riding up and looking goofy---and it lasts through many washings.. Just as I was writing this review, I thought of another use.. My shirt tails are always pulling out, and if I dab some Fabric Mender

around the inside of my trousers, it'll grip my shirt and keep it

from pulling out.. OOPS! Thought of another use, put a dab on the

bottom something I don't want to slide around on a table or dresser top.. Or dashboard.. Or put some on a slippery item that tends to jump out of your hand when wet.. Use your imagination---

there's hundreds of uses for Fabric Mender.. Great stuff!!"
"Much better than the glue our local hardware store recommended. It sticks well, at least for now. However, it does not dry as quickly as advertised."
Used this and a patch to temporary fix my jeans. It did the job but does have a strong odor...
UNUSABLE. Twice. The product turns solid and attaches to the seal.
"better use school glue, it turns white when it dries. comes off when you run it. don't waiste your money. I threw mine in the garbage"
The product I received was solid and unusable.
Worked OK for my application. would recommend.
"I used this on my hockey gloves. The leather palm tends to get a hole burned in it by the butt end of the stick, I cut some palm material off an old glove and used this as the adhesive. Did not peal at all, worked so well the replacement piece lasted until it began to wear after about 2 seasons. Have also used it on a dress shirt with a cuff tear (where the arm meets the cuff), worked perfect."
Did not do the trick.
Made my jeans like rubber.
"Holds tears together! Pretty sticky and dries quick, but works well!"
So did I get a defective batch?  It was so watery difficult to work with. Small amounts would run.  I was working with a back pack and a patch. The product stained the backpack. The patch after twenty four hours would still not stick permanently Easily pulled off. I purchased this products over others because of the reviews. Yes I read the directions carefully.  Not sure what went wrong.
"I had a sweater with a couple of thin places in the yarn and as a last resort, I was hoping this would be a solution. However, it's a very thin liquid and dries rubbery. I will use it for other things, but alas, the sweater is a lost cause."
Very runny - dries white and quite difficult to work with
This glue came already dried out. I couldn't get any glue out to see if it even works. Really disappointed.
Seems to just be rubber cement. Pulled right off. Will try again
Socked through the fabric and left white spots everywhere!!  Ruined my sport coat.
works great
works pretty good
"Oh, my stars and garters. This stuff is runny. Very, very watery but after having used another fabric glue, all I can say about Tear Mender is this. Do NOT place down your fabric unless you're absolutely dead certain that's where you want it to be. Because it will be there.  The fabric will stick and only Moses can pry it apart again.  Utterly lovely.  I made the cutest no sew bows with this and the corners were crisp instead of gummy and bulky like with my other fabric glue.  I'm a believer and will certainly buy again.  For precision placement, I might try disposable pipettes."
"First time doing a review, but felt it was needed to explain how well this product works. What I did for best results was cut all the threads that were around the tear, turned the leg of the jean inside out and put a peice of plastic inside to stop it from seeping onto the reverse side. Then I made sure the tear was as closed as I could get it and put a very little amount almost like a sheen of the product. I started doing layers letting it dry three mins in between, I did this three times. Then I turned the jeans back outside and placed the plastic inside and with my fingers started massaging the tear together while I was pressing down firmly to adhere the paste to it. And the end product came out well. Its a pretty strong hold as I tested pulling it apart and nothing gave. Anyways hope this helps."
"I recently purchased a Thermal Blanket and as usual - there are some loose threads.  I don't know what it is about Thermal Blankets but there are Always knots that have become unknotted.
I put a dab of Tear Mender on the loose ends and Voila! - the blanket is better than new!

I love this stuff and will definitely purchase it again."
"Really works, great stuff! Use it with all my household and craft items"
Product was unusable. Like a rubberball. Could not return or exchange did not open until 3 months after I received.
"Love this. I started repairing purses, torn jeans etc. As soon as I received it."
Received this product in January. When i opened it on may 6 the contents were like rubber and I couldn't use it! Open and try as soon as you receive this product so if not satisfied you can return it in a timely fashion!
"Did the job, save me $130"
Great product but I needed to see instead of using adhesive
Did not work for me left big globs of glue that came right off with your fingers did not hold rips
It worked great in repairing the bonded leather jacket. Watch when you apply t since it's runny like water but sticks well.
Worked like it says it will. Will purchase again & definitely will recommend.
"My use of this product might be a little unconventional. I bought this to help repair a large section of canvas on my tent trailer. As I couldn't remove the canvas without removing ALL the canvas I needed something that could bond a new piece of canvas into the existing. This stuff seems to be doing the trick!
As others have mentioned, it is extremely runny. Almost like water. It can become a messy job if you aren't careful. It does dry very quickly though. I was expecting to have to wait a long time before being able to move able work with the canvas. Not so. All in all, this appears to be a great product. Hopefully it will hold up over time and truly be permanent as it's advertised."
"wonderful product.  well made, unique, good product"
"This glue turned a fun project into a nightmare. I used it to put patches on a new jacket. The glue consistency is similar to water. It should come with some kind of warning, ""This Bish will fly and splatter on everything! Welcome to Niagara Falls!"" Even rubbing on a thin layer with my finger, it would still drop and splatter on everything like a crime scene. I tried to put a tiny drop on the fabric and then apply the patch on top, but the second the glue touched the back of the patch it would go flying and splattering out to the sides, like I just slammed a piano on top of it. After scraping up the random splatters with a toothpick, I figured it couldn't get any worse so I kept going. The bottle clogged and dried at the top of the nozzle. Without realizing, I tried to let it ooze out onto a new patch, and the second I applied gentle pressure around the sides, it all flew out and splattered across the room. This product is clearly 99.9% water and 1% Elmer's. I don't even understand how this could be used as intended, it would run and get on EVERYTHING. If you have any other options for fabric glue, go with those. Hell, go with a glue stick because that might actually behave like glue."
"This seemed to work.  I have a shirt that was almost a nylon material - it couldn't be sewn and a rip had formed near the top.  I tried this, and it seemed to have mended the rip, but it did leave a white look wherever it was applied to the shirt.  It still worked fine, it's just that the shirt is black so you can see the mended area if you look.  Fortunately, my hair usually covers the area that was ripped :-)"
This stuff glues literally any fabric.  I have used it on insulated coveralls and they wore out before the glue did.  It is washable as well.
"Perfect for patches,no sewing needed"
"Unfortunately this product did not work, it was a waste of my money"
It does NOT dry Clear!!!!  It drys yellow.
Didn't work as well as I expected.
WATERED DOWN
"An ingenious little invention that does wonders. I use it on my jeans to reinforce areas that are prone to tearing, such as the corners of the rear pockets. I simply cut a piece of fabric from an old pair of discarded jeans and glue it to the inside of the jeans that I need to reinforce. It holds up great through numerous washings. After maybe twenty treated pairs of jeans, I've only had one or two come loose.

The only thing negative that I will say, is that it doesn't work so well on decorative outside patches."
Good product for the price. Great for quick repairs.
"no good, solid when I got it, couldn't use it"
We are so glad that a friend told us about this product.  Many uses.  Our container was low so we purchased more..... one for us and  gave one to a friend who did not know about it.  The company has other formulas for different repair of different materials and surfaces.
"I patch my work pants when they need it. My wife doesnt want me to run heavy jeans material through her sewing machine so I started using Tear Mender a few years ago. It works!  Dont expect a good looking repair. The liquid seeps through and leaves dark areas around the patch but who cares if you are digging garden or repairing the family  truck. Yes you can feel the rubbery substance on your skin at first but Ill put up with that to make a pair of $38.00 overalls last another couple of years. I even patched a pair of my favorite boxer shorts that were afflicted with a three corner tear when I got caught on a rusty nail. The only down side and they state this, is that it has only a one year shelf life.
RECOMMENDED"
"This does not work as stated. Tried to glue a simple patch on the leg of a pair of jeans, let dry for hours and just lifts right off.  Not happy!!"
Not happy with this product.  It completely discolored my clothes.  It does not dry clear!
good and water based
"I've been using this for years to patch up industrial pants, coveralls, and even an occasional dog bed.
Can't beat the convenience and ease-of-use. It even holds up in the washing machine just fine"
"Opened for the first time today. Needed to use this, however it was unusable and it was one solid glob!  Never got to use it.  Wasted my money and it breaks my heart."
It was completely solid inside. What the heck!!!
It works well but at first it says it feels a little tacky.
"This stuff is amazing,  I have fixed jeans, shirts, jackets, and even a bounce house.  Highly recommended."
I was unable to get this to seal... very disappointed in the item.  Not sure if the product itself is 'old' or what the cause may be???
"{I'm giving this one star, pending the replacement bottle.}  I was excited to try this glue because a friend swore up and down that it was The Stuff ... but my order arrived, although the bottle was sealed, the glue inside was solid.  {see photos}  The date stamp on the bottom appears to indicate 2016, which would explain the dried glue. I've started a return, and will update my review when the replacement bottle arrives.  If I keep getting dried out glue, this is a vendor problem, and I'll have to find another source for this glue."
Used it on lace appliques. Didn't work at all.  Also turned yellow. Did not dry clear as it claims. I tried to return this item but was non returnable. Very disappointed!
Doesn't work
Worked very well with the cover patch kit
"I've been using this product for years and it works just as well as they claim!  It can take some practice to learn how to control the flow without getting it in areas you don't want it, so practice on scrap material before you use it where it matters.  Once you've mastered the technique, it's awesome!"
Waste of money
Used this to fix some dance outfits which are made of swimsuit material it did seep through but only on lighter fabric. Had to press together but did the trick and created a permanent hold. So much faster than sewing!
worked well on leather
Horrible. 1 time only use and then it turns solid.
"The glue arrived quickly, but unfortunately I went to use it and discovered it was dried up and in one big clump and of no use to me. I tossed the packaging so unfortunately can't send it back."
Did exactly what we needed: Mend a loose hem on a lampshade.
Fixed my coach purse!!!!
Originally this arrived completely dried up but amazon sent a new one free of charge. This stuff is really incredible !! I fixed my beat up leather couchs in under 5 minutes.
This is the only thing that works for patching up my field clothes
"I opened it on the same day it was delivered. When I took of the lid, the glue is a solid lump. Won't even stick to my finger. So disappointed."
I have a pair of jeans with a rip in the back that Ive been trying to save for the last year and this was exactly what I needed!!  I tried using patching and it would just rip off when I sat down.  I used the glue and a patch together and ironed it on. Its flexible so its worked perfectly!
Great stuff!
"This product really works on any rip or tear on your Fabrics. I have a 15 year old pair of Levi's jeans that wore out in the seat from years of washing and wearing, but the jeans are still in excellent condition and I did not want to throw them out, so I bought this product and it works. It does not dry hard it dries soft and stretchy like stretch fabric. It has a slight rubber feel because it's stretchy, but it's dries clear and it holds perfect. I put a little piece of fabric over the glued area and press down on that, but you don't have to do that. I chose to because the rip was on the seat of the pants, otherwise just glue the rip wherever it is and follow the directions and you will be very happy with this product."
good
"Used it to glue some patches onto my work bag and at first it seemed to do the trick. But a month later, the patches were falling off. I ended up having to show them on, which I didn't really want to do in the first place."
Opened sealed bottle of tear mender and it was dried into one solid blubbery mass.
"Used this to repair tears in a 40 year old cotton velvet couch that had been chewed on by my dog. I used the old arm covering as fabric for a patch and a spoon to tuck it under the existing, torn fabric. Used this stuff to glue the patch under and it's holding up to my young daughter jumping on the couch!"
"Bought this to mend a small rip in a light-colored shirt, and all it did is stain the fabric a pukeish coffee color.  Luckily I followed the directions and tested on a small area first, but I can't imagine using this on much of anything if it so easily stains.  Now I have a shirt with a small rip -AND- an inconspicuous stain!"
Does not work.
"Didn't work for us, end of story!"
Great on denim!
Absolute trash !
"Did the job as described. For leather, it forms a good bond, but did not fill the crack."
It is good for a quick fix.
great
I tried using this to repair a couple scratches in my couch.  It absolutely destroyed my couch. You can see on the right where this was used verses the left wherenit was not.
"I'm happy for the people that gave this a good rating because it worked for them.  For me, not so much.  When I went to use it every sealed bottle I owned had already hardened into rubber.  I was able to get a little out of the largest bottle but it was so goopy that it didn't work.  This was a complete waste of money for me."
worked wonders
I was about to order some kind of seat cover. This product is amazing. Totally fixed the tear in my leather seat. So glad I bought this! Dries very fast. Great product!!!
Exactly what I need to repair backing on my carpet and throw rugs.
Finally found a glue that really works on leather. I am happy with the result.
take it or leave it
"This glue is the BEST thing ever! I am no seamstress so when I need to patch something, it's always a chore. This makes it super easy to patch and the hold is amazing. My oldest patched item was patched in October and has been washed and worn multiple times and here it's April and it STILL is holding!"
looks like watery school glue ruined a pair of pants using this will not buy again
"yeah, not really......sean opened right back up after a few days....dont waste your money"
Amazing product! It's thin and white when wet and dries fixable and Strong! Worth every penny!
Does not dry clear. And it was not returnable. Waste of money.
great
Did not work on fleece blanket.  Also left an ugly cream colored glop on fabric.
Works. Dries fast. What's not to like?
Tried this stuff on my daughters blue jeans and it worked great!!
made stains all over cloths and just didn't stick for longer than one wear. The fact that some say this works on jeans smells.
Worked great on fixing a 2 inch tear on some Mercedes leather seats
Great!
Just as described
It does what it says
Does not work well on synthetic material.
This glue works well on treated canvas and hold up well.
BINDS SOLID ONTO LEATHER JACKET
"Works just like advertised. Love this stuff. Super liquidy, I put a small amount on clean makeup brush to apply and that method worked great."
nice
The item arrived unusable. It had dried out on the inside and lost its adhesive properties.
It worked just fine
Works very well.  Can even be used as a  good general household glue. Dries quickly and is very tuff.
This is the second bottle I received coagulated.
works as stated. you can't ask for more than that!
We were very disappointed with this product. It doesnt work. The Chinese product from EBay for .99 cents works much better.
Works great!
Oh my gosh I love this stuff. It is AMAZING! I do dolls and this is a life changer. Dries so fast and is flexible.
My kitty cat clawed a 'pleather' chair I have -- gurrrrr. But I love this cat so I'm just gonna try and fix the chair. I wondered if I could glue back the little hanging chad tears because there is white under the beige surface color and the tears really stand out.  I found this glue and decided to try it. This glue works fast but seems to hold really well. I used it about two weeks ago. The glue stays flexible when dry. It worked for my application very well.
Works wonderful.
"Unfortunately, the bottle of ""Tear Mender"" I received was unusable. Upon opening it, the adhesive was already hardened. Not sure if I received an expired product or what the case may have been?"
Nope!!
Bottle was dried out and worthless.
good
This is terrible!  Makes an ugly glob of glue on top of the tear.
The bond will only last if you put the item in the closet and NEVER touch it again. Works like a cheap thin rubber cement glue. Simply not good enough.
Ordered 6 oz bottle. Removed the black cap and removed the seal. The entire bottle was dried up and in a big glob. There was no visible liquid or fluid left. Rated one star I guess since I received what i ordered. ??
"2ND ATTEMPT ** SAME RESULTS: Came Completely dried up, and even had the seal attached. Absolute crap."
Worked great on purse zipper
"works better than I thought, if its cold out it will take longer to cure!"
I was skeptical but this stuff works great. It's gross to apply but I was able to fix some bad tears in my jeans and have them survive a series of heavy duty wash cycles afterwards. Product appears to be some sort of liquid latex. Feels flimsy when dried but actually holds up really well. I go hiking and the repairs have been able to take serious abuse.
This glue is terrible and takes quite a while to dry completely!  It's runny and unless you're gluing on a flat surface get ready to have it run everywhere and make a colossal mess!
I love this for patching jeans.  It beats sewing!
messy and does not work
Not a very good bond on genuine leather.
"Bought this item to repair a tiny dime-size series of tears in my motorcycle jacket.  I didn't want to get a leather repair kit because the rip is so small I thought I would just stop it from getting worse. This might work on suede but it won't work on smooth leather even if its very soft.  Looks like absolute crap, probably ruined my jacket since its right in the front. It also ruined my brush that I used to apply it with, even though I walked directly to the sink to wash it.(so it dries fast which at least thats true about it) I guess it might work on regular fabric but for this leather it peeled right off and stuck in the little cracks but its WHITE.  It didn't even hold the cracks together tbh and they're very porous. Just get something else or leave the tear the way it is."
"Ok so I am a welder and let's just say garments do not go unscathed for more than a few hours on the job.  I keep a bottle at home and in my work box.  Catch your pants climbing in and out of a tight spot at 815 am and you ain't going nowhere till the sun is down?  Boom the Bish has your back, slap some tear mender on it and stick I back where it belongs...your knife keeps falling out of you pocket since there is a hole in there, slap some tear mender in there and seal her up...also I glue extra material on the knees of my pants when I get the in order to make them.lasr longer.... basically this stuff is gold if you work in the trades...10 I give it a 10."
Watery and did not work. Waste of money
Junk no better than Elmers.
This stuff works great!
This worked beautifully to fix a snag on the faux leather backpack! Slight smell to the product but it works easily and dries clear!
Worked great for gluing our show dogs ears to hold. Comes off on it's own in no time.
I use this for fly tying and it's wonderful for shaping heads on the bigger flies!
Absolutely worthless; did not come close to repairing minor damage on a leather recliner.
"Never worked, just ran like water and I threw it away.  Look elsewhere!"
Great substitute for table tennis glue
Does the Job!
"AMAZING!
I repaired a completely shredded quilt with this!
Strips of material were torn off, stuffing was coming out, it had a zillion holes in it, but I loved this quilt..
After fixing every flaw with Tear Mender, I threw it in the wash and it came out PERFECT!
I don't recommend applying with fingers, as suggested.
Simply apply directly to both surfaces and press together using the tip of the bottle.
Creates a rubbery polymer in a nice neutral beige color. Spread very thinly and there's no rubbery feel.
Stops loose ends from unraveling & seals holes.
Thank you for saving my quilt!"
works well.
"Was solidified in container, not able to use"
Arrived on time and was very pleased
"This certainly has it's place in my craft cabinet. I don't think it works quite as well as the infomercial shows, and there is definitely a learning curve! I would use it on a test piece first, as the white glue stays white, so it it gets anywhere visible, you will see it. Also, it seeps through a lot of fabrics, and you might be able to see that too. I was able to use it on some good, thicker felts, but it seeped through some of the cheaper ones. With that being said though, this stuff is AMAZING in other applications! I've glued fabric to hats, glued denim to denim, among other things! It just depends on the project!"
I put it on cream cloth and it become the color of a mustard looks like ugly scar
Works really well
This is working great as described.
"Doesn't work. Once it's dry, it peels right off with any touch or friction. Worthless product, don't waste your money."
Had to throw the bottle away as soon as i got it. Never even got to use it because it was all dried up in the bottle. Will not purchase again! Only 1 rating because i have too.
I used this on my husbands torn shirt.  Works great...except it will stain somewhat but I still love the outcome.
May not work on everything as claimed
"Stained my husbands shirt I tried fixing.  Bottle opening squirt all over the place, it doesn't dispense properly.  I should have listen the other reviews that is was not a good product."
Nothing better for gluing patches onto a Girl Scout vest.
I bought this to use to put Girl Scout patches on my daughter's sash... this adhesive didn't hold the patches and made a sticky mess of the sash (front and back!).
"It didn't help with tear in the car seat. They said it would dry clear but it didn't. There is white residue all over the black leather, I will need to take it to the car dealer to get it fixed :( The manufactures may argue I used it wrong, I leave it up to your judgement."
Tried to mend a loose thread on my expensive 100% nylon pants. The glue made a mess and the nylon patch came right off. I ended up trashing my expensive pants. Don't waste your money.
"Pizzed. It was easier to hide a small hole on a black cashmere hoodie, than to hide a big honking white mess."
"I just opened, for the first time, this sealed bottle and it was already set like soft rubber.  There is no expiration date for product and
there is no way this can be used.  I would appreciate a replacement that has not already set or a refund.

Jim Merchant"
"Tried to bond a square leather patch to leather surface, and later the corners curled up."
"I am really surprised by all the great reviews. Used this to patch a hole in my leather sofa, it appears to have filled the hole and will hopefully stop it from tearing further but you can still clearly see that it is a hole. I also tried to reattach a strap to a purse and it did not hold."
First bottle solid....second bottle also solid!  Not trying for a third.  Ordered Fabri-Tac and had ZERO problems.  Made my fleece pads for the piggies....washed and dried and held up nicely.
This product did not work as advertised. I would give it zero stars. I followed the directions to patch jeans and it just pulled apart. DO NOT BUY.
"I would give zero stars if I could. This product arrived completely dried up.  Too late to ask for a refund, geez, who uses Tear Mender right away?  I keep it on hand and do repairs when I have several things to fix and the time to fix them.  I opened this to use it tonight and found a mass of dried rubbery goo."
No strength in this product. You can just pull the seams apart easily
"I've used this product before.  When it gets old, it gets watery and no longer works.  I bought this bottle new...and it's watery and doesn't work!"
Will not stick to my patch
"This stuff is runny, doesn't dry clear, and didn't stick anything together in the attempts that I made. I was VERY disappointed, especially at the price. I resold it on eBay."
"Product arrived on time (2-day shipping, Prime), package looked good and was factory sealed.  Upon opening and removing the lid seal, the glue was completely solidified and unusable.  Cant give a zero star review but I would like to - very disappointing."
worked as stated
"Ok, didn't work as intended."
This product does not work. Tried to glue a patch onto my jacket and it doesnt stick. Im able to peel the patch off.
This stuff works very well.
"When I opened the item, the top's protective cover was not sealed and spilled on the sweatshirt I was to mend. I immediately blotted and washed the shirt but it left a white residue on the charcoal grey fabric. Then after properly applying to a seam to be repaired, it did not hold the shirt seam nor a slit in a shoe I had bought it for also. I even had watched the videos. The substance was not as thick as what was shown, even after vigorous shaking."
"This review is for fabric only. Ive been reupholstering an ottoman. Was using liquid stitch, and when I ran out went to amazon to buy some more. Saw this Tear Mender, and it hade more reviews than liquid stitch so though, hey could this be a better product....HECK NO. Product is watery, bleeds through fabric, and doesnt dry as quickly. On top of that it has a really offputting smell. Seriously...buy liquid stitch, its better."
This works well if you only need the patch while you go out and buy a needle and thread. Long term fixes? Not so much.
"This has saved me so much time. I would usually sew on patches, but I really didn't want to take the time and sew on patches on pants.. so this did the trick. Kind of messy but whatever, I'll cover up the glue stain with a black sharpie.. I made punk/metal pants.. they don't need to look fancy"
b
Used on my sofa where the material was coming apart. Did not work and out smells awful!
"Went on clear but never has dried, sticky. I wished I had never tried to repair our leather recliner / made a mess out of it following directions."
Product doesnt work at all. Tried on leather and on denim. Tried for two days to apply a small patch with no success
"Pretty effective. I bought a collar for my cat and I had to make it shorter and change the clip, I figured out sewing wasn't happening so I tried using this product to glue back up the sides after cutting it open, it actually did the trick. It didn't take long for it to seal the two sides together and the collar is still intact after a couple months (and the cats like to playfight a lot). It also has come out very clean, I'm usually very messy. A good product, in my opinion."
This doesn't work. My daughter's girl scout patches fell off within 10 min of applying.
It dried quickly. It seems to be holding the leather material in place.
"It works for me...used it to shorten a couple pairs of denim jeans I like (and bought on a terrific sale). Some reviews noted the liquid as too runny, but be sure to really shake/agitate the bottle before (and during) use. The jeans have been washed several times, and the hem has remained in place. This product has worked better than others we have tried in the past."
Used it on a few things so far and it works awesome
This stuff works wonderful.  So many uses and so many pairs of jeans saved with little effort.
"This has saved me a mint on jeans. See a hole develop near your back pocket? Take a scrap pair of jeans cut out a small patch, run a bead around the edge of the patch, cover the hole from the inside of the jean, FIXED! I've not had one patch fail after multiple times through the laundry and with heavy use. If used properly this works very well!"
As advertised. Really holds fabric together. Have even patched glove fingers with this glue.
"This dries white, not clear, which is really disappointing.  It have yet to use it for what I bought it for though"
works well so far
Got one use out of the bottle.  Product works alright; would of used it again but even with the top closed and screwed down tight what was left of the product seized into a solid chunk after a week inside the bottle (~90%).  Waste of money.  Manufacturer should use a bottle that can properly store their product for some reasonable shelf time.
Did not work on any fabric I used glue on.
Works well to attach leather to leather.
"An excellent, rapid grab adhesive. Have been using it on holes in work gloves, etc. Works well"
I would give this zero stars if I could. This left stains on the material I tried to mend. It ruined my clothes!!
"Works awesome, Patched my coat right up! Highly Recommend. I recommend cutting a patch that you can glue on the inside of your tear and adhere the tear to the internal patch. Worked like a charm."
"I cant Say enough good things about this glue. I work on 1/4 scale dolls and clothing, and every other fabric glue I have tried (and I think Ive tried ALL of them) manages to make the fabric stiffer than the original fabric when dry. I used to jump through hoops try to keep the softness and  drapiness of a fabric intact as to retain the scale and not look stiff. This glue does the trick quickly and easily! I use the tiniest amount on a toothpick to turn under small hems, and to tack down and flatten out seams and it works like a charm. The beauty of the instant grab cannot be overstated either! LOVE THIS STUFF! Where have you been all my life?! I made a little video on how I used it here: https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=GXZqKlDp3h8"
I was able to hem bathroom curtains with it. But had to weight down the fabric for a few minutes.
This didn't work at all. Tried to use just to hold a hem before we sewed it.
This product does not work
Good product
I love this product! It is very useful for mending leather. I had some torn leather upholstery in my car and this product helped greatly. It is strong and flexible and dries clear.
HOT MESS
The tear mender was already set up in the bottle. Maybe 5% liquid
Product was completely solid - not usable.  Amazon will not replace.
Worked better than I thought it would Love it
"Poor quality. Doesn't adhere leather to leather as advertised. Multiple applications, and it still wouldn't work."
Works pretty good.
"I tried to use this to repair a tear in a polyester shelled outdoor coat.  The coat was black and this dries white.  Additionally, it didn't seal the tear.  I believe this may be useful for gluing 1 piece of fabric on top of another, but it's not going to rejoin the edges of two thin pieces of fabric.  It may have uses, but mending a tear isn't one of them."
"I used this to repair my husbands work pants, I made patches from other jeans. Hes an electrician and is on his knees crawling in attics etc. The bonding adhesive is amazing, I washed the works jeans, it held up perfectly."
it doest work don't BUY THIS BULLLLLLLLLL
Tried to use it to attach badges but didn't work.
glue was hardened in container and completely useless ...
I unsealed it and it was all solid rubber inside.
didn't work on my jeans ....would not buy again
Milky water that does not glue anything togther- simply gums up the tear.
"I just got the product, it would seem that it's been sitting around for a long time. It's like a rubber ball, not a fluid any more. So more or less useless. I'll just run over to Walmart and get something. Not worth my time to return it."
"Very good for leather, and to glue dogs ears"
Inside was dried up like rubber.  Would not pour could not use it at all. Very dissatisfied.
This product did a decent job of repairing a small hole but in the end it ruined a white hoodie that could have still been worn with the tiny hole that was in it. There was no warning not to use this product on white clothing.
"When I opened the bottle to make my repairs, the entire product was solidified and unusable."
"has repaired a pair of shoes and a small hole in my leather couch.  worked well and the repair is long lasting.

issue:  for my 3rd repair about 12-18 months later the whole bottle was dried up.  Maybe different packaging or selling as single use packets would be better."
Good
Horrible! It just arrived and the entire bottle is one solid piece of glue! Can't use it at all. Not happy!! I would give it zero stars if I could 
Waste of money. Nothing came out just a liquid milk type. Didn't stick to anything sending it back. Wouldn't even give it one star.
I was shocked that this actually worked on sealing up a tear in my leather car seat!  So far it has been a few months and it is still sealed together.
Came solid. Was not able to use it. Bad quality checks
"This adhesive works really well as intended.
My problem is that I bought a 6 ounce bottle and only got to use about half an ounce before the rest bottle was cured and useless. I bought one bottle and it did this, so requested a replacement, which they sent at no charge. Then the second bottle did the same thing. Might as well send me 50 half ounce packets."
works like it is supposed to to repair tears and cuts.  just be sure to clean out tip when done
Wow!! works perfectly
This product came nearly solid. It would not even come out if I took the cap off.
"Did not dry clear, came out fast and hard to work with."
Could not believe you can glue clothing but this stuff does work. I added pockets to my freaky jeans project and they held through washes.
Worked great to mend hole in coveralls
"Would NOT recommend this to anyone and would not purchase again. Bought it to try and fix a cat scratch on our leather couch. Since this was labeled ""leather repair"", I thought this is what I needed. It doesn't glue the leather together, it doesn't dry clear and it doesn't come off. Should have just left the scratch alone. Don't waste your time or money!"
"Buy this with the Singer Iron-On Patches Combo, 8-Pack sold by Amazon.com. It saved 3 pairs of my jeans! Its definitely worth it!! This is like crazy glue for jeans!! I'm so serious, I was skeptical but I glued them, let it dry, then I ironed it too to keep it in place. Doing both of those things will guarantee that you keep your jeans."
Actually destroyed a fine leather jacket. Not sure what I was thinking to use this garbage on a pricy garment. Live and learn. Steer clear- you have been warned.
Smells awful and left white marks
worked as described
"Was very skeptical that could fix my leather belt, but figured worth the $5 to try.  It actually worked.  Fast and easy."
It does what it says
So far so good. Hopefully the repair is permanent.
This had a great hold for the tear on my leather sofa.
"Best invention since slice bread! Easy to apply, no odor, washable, doesn't come unglued after many, many washings."
"Great product, for certain applications. I use it mainly to patch my Carhartt work jeans. For this application there is nothing better. However,  it doesn't work for all fabrics. I tried using it on my girlfriends fleece jacket, and ruined it. Not their fault, my fault for not reading."
Bought this because my dog ripped a hole in my mircrofiber couch. I placed this glue over it do seal the tear together. It dried but left a wet look on the cloth and permanently looks like it is wet there. It also has a sticky feel to it even tho it dried. I would not recommend this at all. I have it 2 stars because of the fact that it did glue the tear together but left an non-aesthetic appeal to my couch. I don't even know if I can get this glue off my sofa.
"Easy peasy to use! Used on my jeans and stayed strong even after several washes. do be carful with black fabric, leaves white residue if not careful."
This product did not work well for me. I figured it would be perfect for felt and wool but not only is it not permanent but it barely keeps my fabric in place. Its more like rubber cement than anything. Would not reorder or recommend.
"So far it has done the job. But be careful this can get on the fabric where you do not want it to and it does not come off, which leaves a white residue.  Have not been able to get it off of my black dress pants :("
Some sort of warning on the label that it's going to leave a big white patch on your dark material might be in order.  Totally and irreversibly ruined something that could have been repaired with thread instead.
Used for a hem on dress...it did nothing. Waste of money
This product works great. I have used it to repair couch seems that came apart and to secure loose threads. It is easy to use and a little bit goes a long way. Highly recommend.
It didn't work for my application.
Just barely got this in today so I can patch a small triangle cut from my leather jacket. Was ready to use and when I opened it the first thing I see is a big chunk of solid glue and not the product I ordered. To my surprise there is no way of getting it returned or exchange.... I don't recommend this product at all. I hope you find something else and heed the warnings.
"The bottle arrived sealed. Shook it well, as suggested.
As I tried to squeeze the sealant out of the bottle, very little liquid came out, it was all clamped inside.
Tried to get the clamps out. The remaining liquid was very thin but rubbery, and sealed the tears in latex covered dog socks.
I don't know whether it will hold. The rest of the tube will have to be thrown out, it is completely solid."
"<div id=""video-block-R34RVU1FJ2R3TD"" class=""a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block""></div><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/91ZUyPuB2NS.mp4"" class=""video-url""><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/81b9K2xdV%2BS.png"" class=""video-slate-img-url"">&nbsp;Update: So this glue actually works really well, the problem is it does not have a long shelf life leading to a lot of people getting expired (useless) tubes of glue. So long story short, it works as advertised, but expect to send it back a time or two before you get a fresh batch.

The whole tube of adhesive is solid in the bottle. I squeezed it and got stinky white stuff the consistency of milk all over my kitchen. Ironically the only liquid that was left in the bottle wasn't even sticky."
"Bought this thinking I could fill in and seal some rather large cracks in my leather shoes.  However, I don't think it was meant for it.  It just resulted in a rubbery shiny residue on my shoe (kinda like the sticky rubbery glue like substance used to hang things on walls).  After it dries, the product easily lifted and rubbed off.  Perhaps it works well for other applications, but if you're looking to use this to mend tears in your shoes, I'd perhaps look elsewhere."
"It's a magic product. My Winter down parka jacket got torn along the stitch line, while sitting in Train and I thought I won't be able to use the jacket any longer. that's when I came across this magical product. I found it on Amazon by randomly searching for 'permanent fabric adhesive'.

It joined the torn area pretty quickly and my favorite jacket looks like the same again. It is very easy to apply and doesn't stick on hands like the messy silicon adhesives.

it's a complete value for money product and very useful.

I loved it."
"Brand new bottle Was all clumpy and did not dispense correctly , rubbery formula did not hold at all ..... never again"
Great adhesive!
Awesome product! Love it!
Arrived on time but is a solid mass of glue. Cannot get out of bottle much less use. Completely sealed as new but useless. It is a like an old bottle of Elmer's glue left for years. So disappointed.
First time buying/using fabric adhesive and am quite impressed. My pup's claws tore six holes in new soft comforter (100% cotton) and Tear Mender sealed the holes quickly. It's been a month since I purchased/applied and holes remain sealed; I've used since on new claw tears. Happy to keep comforter and not have to purchase a replacement! Tear Mender is now a stock item for repairs. Highly recommend.
"Giving the order 1 star because it won't let me give it zero. The product is good I have used it in the past but I received it last week, went to use it today and the whole bottle was set up like solid rubber. Seal wasn't broken or anything. Complete waste of my time and money!"
Did the job but is very thin visocity and it leaked through the pants and caused stains on the front side.
"If the surface you have a tear in is anything but flat, look for a different product. It didn't work for me."
"I did not believe the claims but I was very surprised and impressed with how well it really works.
Had a belt hole that was stretching so, I applied the product as instructed and it held and made me a believer."
didnt  work at all
Leaves a white mark when used on clothing.
contents was a solid mass in bottle.  seal was broken.  waste of money
"Glue was dried solid in the bottle and useless. I will try a different brand because if a sealed bottle dried out, this tells me the shelf life once it is opened must be very short. Amazon's refund policy is awesome as usual."
item came in the mail completely solidified In the unopened bottle and is NOT eligible for returns ...I will never buy this crap again.
Seems to work well
ok
"I use it to glue my dogs ears, it's fantastic. Also used it on fabric, very durable."
Already fixed two mean belt loops and ran it through the was. This actually made these belt loops stronger than the factory sewen loops. So impressed with this product.
"This stuff is amazingly gluey.  I bought it to fix a tiny tear in my tonneau cover.  Must have got a drop on my work shirt.  When I went to take my work shirt off, it was stuck to my tshirt I had on under it.  I thought I was going to tear the tshirt pulling them apart."
Works well and keeps yarn in place. I bought it to use on a blanket I crocheted for my nephew so that he could wash it and not have it fray or the ends to stick out.  My complaints are that it left a rubbery feel to the spot and it discolored my lighter colored yarn but not the darker colored one. You should put it on your finger and dab it on the spot you need it.
"I'm really amazed at this stuff, it worked on some Keen shoes, which were splitting along the ball of the foot side of the shoe. It really holds it together."
"This product totally ruined my upholstered chair. I tested it on an inconspicuous spot on the back of the chair, with good result, drying clear.  When applied to the fraying spot on the seat, it darkened one section of the fabric and yellowed another. (See photos-test area and ruined area) It was one of a pair so now I have to reupholster two chairs."
"I am repairing a tear on my land's end down coat, zipper got caught in the fabric.  Great repair, but pls note this product comes out of the bottle so fast that I opened the bottle and used a Qtip to apply to my tear or else it goes all over. I would recommend but use carefully."
This works as expected
Great product
"It does create some discoloration, but it is so much faster and easier than mending with thread. It seems to last several washes with most fabrics."
Worked well
great stuff gets me more miles out of worn jeans.
My leather jacket ripped and I took it to the cleaners they wanted a lot of money claimed it had to be sewn back. Well I ordered the tear mender and used it and unbelievable it is glued back together and you can't tell. It goes on white then mends together the fabric very well.
Worked very well
Did not work for me and being told not eligible for return.  Very disappointed.
Good for a quick fix on light stuffs
Tried to glue a rip in my pleather soft with no luck!
This was very runny ! Not what I had expected! Not worth $8
Were putting these little bad boys in our kids stocking. This stuff is the bomb for jeans with holes! Especially for those who don't sew or who don't want to ruin a needle on blue jeans!!
"Do not use this product. I used it to make Roman shades as per instructions from the internet and it ruined my very expensive fabric with some yellow stains beyond repair, not only I lost the money I paid for the glue, but the $60 a yard I paid for the fabric."
Yes! Very strong bond!
"This stuff really works.  I'll let the picture do the talking -- this is how it looked after wear and wash and 42 minutes in the dryer.  The material you will see patched is from an iron on patch sold at a big retailer and it didn't make it through the first washing.  I took the same patch and applied it to the inside of a pair of jeans that have a habit of getting a hole on the seam of the rear pocket.  I trimmed the dog ears off the patch and applied it per instructions.  I wore the jeans about four days (don't laugh, the CEO of the company says he wears his for 14 days) and then washed on a regular cycle and dried in a 42 minute cycle, about medium heat.  What is more amazing is this patch is being applied over a seam which makes it a bit more challenging.  Very pleased with this product."
WE USE IT TO HELP TAPE DOG EARS TO STAND
it doesn't work!  The liquid inside is the consistency of water and it did not secure the patch to the material.it did not stick to anything!
They did a great job with patching up a hole in my jean pocket. I cut out some fabric a bit larger than the hole and used this glue to keep it in place instead of sewing it.
"I agree, this stuff is useless. It is very much a liquid and not much of an adhesive. I had it weighted down by a box of books for over an hour, no adhesion at all."
Made a mess. Lasted about a week before it failed.
"Marvelous stuff , saved 6 pairs of Levis with crotch issues !"
"One of the seams along the seat of my pickup truck's driver seat had worn out and split, exposing about 8"" of foam cushioning. I applied this as directed several months ago and it's still holding perfectly! Unless you were looking hard, you would never even see the repair!"
"I had purchased a new pair of jeans and somehow got bleach splattered on them.  As will any cotton jeans, bleach puts a nice hole anywhere it touches.  Using this patch kit, I was able to fix the holes putting the supplied jean material inside the jean.  I then put a thin coat of the adhesive on the front side of the jeans and it fixed the problem very nicely.  Just heads up, you will get better at fixing the more you repair.  It does take a little practice to make the fix nearly invisible."
"No good at, all off use .
Dont buy it  fake a cheap.. Natural what they recommend subscribed"
"we used it on a leather rip in our couch, now you can't even find the rip."
"Was 100% water consistency  not tacky at all, waste of money."
I purchased this glue to fix my eye mask that had fabric layers separating. It is holding the fabric layers together well but did not dry clear and seeped through the fabric. It did fix what I needed it to though.
Works well at glueing but hard after drying.
"Useless .
Too liquid and didn't work for me . It went thru the fabric and didn't leave enough glue to stick .
I asked for a return, but amazon said to keep it and they refunded me . Thanks amazon ."
Fantastic glue to repair our pop up camper top!
"Worked, but did not meet expectations - recommend"
"Wonderful canvas to canvas adhesive.  I use it to repair seams on old canvas wall tents rather than restitching; also good for patches.  Has a lot longer shelf life than the bottle tells you.  Excess rubs off easily from around patches or your fingers.  If you get it on your pants while gluing, it will set off the whole body scanner at airport security; residue does not wash out completely even though it looks like it has.  Does not work well on vinyl to vinyl patching (e.g., boat canopies)."
Very good product
Product was used to repair a living room chair.  It held for a brief period of time.  I will have to keep looking for a quality product if I intend to fix my chair again.  It's okay if you're looking to buy a month's time before replacing the chair but not for long use.  I would not use it again.
I used Tear Mender for some small holes on a leather couch and it worked perfectly.  I then tried it on a pair of leather shoes and i was very pleased with the resut.  I would definitely recommend this product as it is easy to use and great quality
"I used it for a torn seam on a bonded leather sofa. When I first put it on, I didn't think it would work as I couldn't pull the seam together. The glue was also white. But, after going to work and coming home, it had dried and bonded the whole seam together. Can barely notice, and stopped the seam from ripping further."
Horrible product. Not only did not work but ruined my garment. Left major stains at glue sites.
"Worked well - tear in motorcycle seat still looks split because this ends up the color of the inner foam - but feels perfectly secured!
(Can't fault color - knew what I was getting. Wish it came in black)"
"JUNK, didn't work at all"
"Well I will try to give as much infomation as possible, as this seems like an odd review for me to write.

The fixes I have tried: Shorts I use as Pajamas ... sort of like ""basketball"" shorts, but some are cloth, others are that ""activewear"" material you may see on ""Champions"" Active-wear shorts.  I admit I have NOT washed these yet, though they are small tears that keep happening and ackward to sew (IF possible)... if fixed, the shorts (two pair atm) are just fine.  The patch I used doesn't ""look great"" ... not one bit but ... it beats throwing a pair of shorts out and needing to buy more. With these there IS a problem with Tear Mender staining the areas around the patch where TM sort of leaked (not sure what other word to use... I put a tad extra on the edge to make sure the patch stayed down) out ... the GOOD news is the patch is NOT BUDGING

The main fixes I have done are with jean shorts tearing around the pockets, and other shorts tearing in different places with almost NO WEAR (I mean I wore them maybe a month with a few washes in between) on them.  The patches I have used are mainly the legs of jeans (pants) that I had cut down for ""around the house"" shorts years ago.  I have tried to clean them up as much as I can (no lose strings)... I have to say I have used this on ... lets just say shorts that I should have cut up for rags awhile ago, that I still had. and while most people would never wear them (I use these for when I am almost 100% going to spill something .. like it or not .. say oil or whatever, aronud the house).... I have to say I ""have those shorts back"" now... I actually forgot I had one that only had a small hole that I am wearing regularly again.

IN THE LESS extreme cases, the BULK of what I have used it on is ""small"" (say 1/2 dollar coin sized, @max size) tears around the rear pockets of my jeans that SEEM TO HAPPEN ON EVERY SINGLE pair I have .... I use small patches (those old/great condition jean pants legs I mentioned), a tad bigger all around then the place I need to patch ... a few of these have been through at least 2 to 3 washes at the time of me typing this ) and while one pair two patches where both of them had a small piece of string on the patch itself come up .. the patches are holding strong.  I was EXPECTING this stuff not to hold, and I am plesantly shocked.  This is 100% different stuff; however it reminds me of Shoe Goo for sneaker repairs .. sure its not going to make the item your repairing look ""brand new"" again but .. boy does it work well.

POSSIBLE ""Cons"":
- There is a stain on the black activewear shorts as I mentioned so that is a con... and I always have paper towels to dab away extra TM when its still liquidy on my repairs ... SO THAT IS an issue ... I don't mind it too much but some people may.  I rather use a tad extra to make sure all four corners of the patch are secure, myself.

- HAVE STUFF ready when you pour the TM out .. it DOES setup/dry fast and it DOES come out more liquidy then I had thought it would.  (example comparison ~> ) With Shoe Goo you have it come out like a ... oh I don't know ... thick honey I suppose and you even have (with a piece of cardboard or an ice cube) like two minutes to five minutes before it really starts to bond the surfaces.. and even then you have time to move it around, if need-be..... WITH TEAR MENDER ... its more of a ... well lets just say its more instant ... I mean you could pull the patch off it seems to dry fast... I also have to note, that no matter what anything says about ""you can wear/wash these 30 minutes later""... I have let the Tear Mender dry and setup for at least 12-20 hours before I washed or wore any of the clothes I repaired.

Other comments:
I thought of this when I was typing the ""cons""... but I have to say even repairing a NUMBER of shorts I forgot I had or never intended to ""waste"" TM on (that repaired just fine .. they look ugly, but at least they don't have big holes in them).... the 6 once bottle HAS gone a LONG way and I think I still have @ 40% of the bottle left ... maybe 35% but that is splitting-hairs.  I cant speak for how long the shelf life is but ... if you only have a few minor repairs to do, maybe a smaller bottle would be for you ... Price-vs-how much ... the 6oz bottle was the best choice for me at the time.

Also I have to say I did not go nuts pouring tons of Tear Mender on my repairs but I did not go light ...a decent amount, remembering on small areas when I push the patch down, the Tear Mender (or any liquid for that matter) will go out a bit toward the sides of the patch more ... it reminds me of Thermal Paste on a fan/CPU on a computer in this sense .. poor a bit in a center .. but not too much... (this comment is for small areas that need to be patched).  I am really not sure how to describe the amount, but just don't try to use as little as possible ... cover the area, knowing if these is a hole, it may go through to the other side.  This last sentence brings up another point .. I used an piece of an old cardboard box under wear I was repairing (knowing TM would go through the hole on the shorts)... you DONT want to say glue the back and front of your shorts (shorts = example) together, so you can never get your leg in again, lol.

One last thing ... if you have a patch or something that is sort of sticky (like some iron-on patches may be)...  it may not work on that.  I have to say to say Tear Mender seems to do better on ""regular"" cloth.  I cant remember but I think i did a test on an old iron on patch sort of thing and it did not hold as well as the piece of old denim (still in good shape) that I used.

Final Thoughts:
Well I have rambled too much already .. .just have to say so far despite a few issues that I almost expected (say the staining on where I could have been cleaner applying Tear Mender)... I recommend this 100% for at least the type of use-case I had."
Didnt hold as I expected it to.
Worked great
As stated with fast shipping.
Did not work at all!
I bought Tear Mender.  I received something else called Simple Bond.  NOT impressed.  At all.
Absolutely worthless. Dries white and sticky. never hardens and after 1 day of sitting on seat it has rubbed off.  This product does nothing.
Great stuff. Easy to use and as long lasting as my other glue. More flexible for movement and clean as a whistle to use.
Dont wast time. Doesnt hoold or fox leather furiture.
"I love this product, it mends tears in fabric quickly"
"Exelent, I use it a lot"
As expected.
Item exactly as described
Works as it should. easy to apply.
Great stuff!
Really nice product; used it on jeans.
Great product.  Used this on the drivers seat of my car and has held up well.
"Love it, works just as described and as seen on YouTube. Dries fast with a strong bond."
This adhesive works like none other.
Worked awesome on our couch. Showed up white at first on a dark couch so made me a little nervous because it said it dries in 3 minutes but I waited over night and it dried clear and now you can barely see it.
"Works pretty good. Was trying to patch some leather, worked fair. I am sure that it will work on smaller problem areas"
Trying to fix a leather chair with a rip. Placed a fabric patch in back of the tear and could not get the leather to stick to the patch using this product. Very wet and runny product. It did stick to the patch so two stars for that.
"Works well for most things, but the bottle tip gums up between uses, If you twist the open/close tip open & then twist & pull it right off, you can clean out the nozzle so it's usable again. Then the tip can be snapped/twisted back on."
"Um.......

Is this a joke? It's so runny it just melted through anything I out it on? Take a patch for example. It ran right through to the other side. You know the side of the patch you don't want glue on. So then the side of the patch you want glue on there isn't any. So you can't stick it to anything. Ruined patch. Let's take a garment. Let's hope you don't mind having glue just seep right through because it's going to happen. I'm going to try heat n bind next time. This product has no use."
"Works good, I use this to patch up my work shirts, pants, boots, etc.
Love it. Thanks."
"Awesome product.  No smell.  Easy to use.  I like to use it with my serger and quick long term mend for cloths that are just patch.  When you get a hamper full of fix its and want to really work on new projects, this is the quick trick.  This stuff is washable and works on all kinds of materials."
It pastes very fast and strong. It not as clean as transparent but very good
Makes a mess if you get it on any cloth and dries dark.
"never ever buy, it's not working and cheap product"
Ruined my pack pack ($15)  that I was going to put some high quality patches on.  Followed the directions 3 times and ended with the same failed result. The stuff is sticky and NEVER dried. Devistated!  And I shook the bottle as directed! Still Failed.
didn't work very well for me.
"I bought this years ago for for a leather jacket with a tear. It worked great, just like advertised. Bought it again recently for another project."
This works for sure
Works great
Love this stuff! Works great on almost anything! Have used it to repair couches and chairs and clothing and much more!
Awesome!!!
I bought  this because of a small tear in couch. I applied and waited about an hour before letting anyone sit on couch. When I went to check on tear the glue looked flaky tear seemed to spread very fast after that
Good stuff.  Used it for gluing patches.
"as described, good service"
works good
"Feel a little jipped by the name of the stuff, says bonds leather. Then in the instructions says it only bonds they back sides of leather or other permeable fabrics. Made my repair job much more difficult."
Absolutely works to mend small tears in leather.
"Seems to work well, and one bottle is plenty for several garments. I've patched the thighs of three pairs of pants so far, and I still have enough glue for a couple more.

But they REALLY mean it when they say apply a thin layer of glue. If you're repairing most clothing fabrics (leggings, thin jeans, shirts), a thick layer will soak through and leave a white, rubbery residue that's impossible to remove."
Still experimenting...like it so far
This did not mend my straight forward leather tear. This is the consistency and drying power of elmers glue. I think elmers glue probably would have worked better than this stuff quite honestly. Don't waste your $$.
Very thin and runs all over.  Doesn't stick very well or very long. I will have to repeat the process with a different product. I was using to mend vinyl bus seats.
This product appears to be nothing more than liquid latex. I tried to use it to bond 2 fabrics together and all it did was stain them both. It wasn't adhesive at all but it did create a big sticky ugly mess.
Strong stuff.
"Does NOT work on Velcro. Has intended on using on several tank tops -- was using Velcro to make ""easy on"" shirts for an upcoming shoulder surgery. Ruined the fabric (cotton) and made a complete mess -- product is liquid, hard to work with. Would NOT recommend using on anything you'd wear!! Skip Tear Mender -- stick with classic Stitch Fix or similar.

Very disappointed."
"I use this for lots of different things, but the most unconventional  way I use this, is to attach bandages to cows and horses when I need to bandage a wound in a area that is difficult to bandage. I simply apply a small amount of Tear Mender to the edges of the bandage or the corners of the bandage and hold it in place for a few minutes.  When it's time to remove the bandage, I pull it off. Some hair will come off with the bandage which is why I try to use the least amount I can. Using this I've successfully treated wounds and kept them clean, where without it, the wound would have been exposed to dirt and flies and had a much longer healing time."
Great product
Worked great to mend awning
reviews say it great. well it di not work for us at all. Very disappointing.
This product is amazing!!! It saved my husbands favorite chair and even fixed our halloween decorations!
Actually works.....Messy but it works
"I usually don't want to comment on online products but I have to say, it is worse than paper glue. I've tried 3 times and it doesn't work at all"
"I bought Tear Mender specifically to try to patch snags, holes and torn places, caused by squirrels, in outdoor upholstery.  I didn't expect it to do a perfect job, but I did expect it to dry clear, which it did not.  Therefore, there's little improvement in my upholstery.  Maybe it will work better on other kinds of fabrics and tasks (leather, glueing on patches, etc.)."
did not work for me
"Worked on my leather couch. It is amazing! It is still holding in spite of our 2 dogs, one of which is a 80 lb Boxer."
Not so great
it got the job done.
Very runny.  Dried and left a white rubbery residue everywhere that I could not get off.
A+
I bought this to make some temporary repairs to the canvas on a pop up camper. It's holding well after a lot of sun and a couple rainstorms. I'm quite impressed with it.
Fixed a backpack strap tear like it was nothing.
"Great Product! We used for Halloween costumes, but my Hubby uses this to repair his work pants!"
works great
Works good.
Worked really well on my work pants after multiple uses and times in the wash. Reliable stuff!
"This worked great on a couch that was damaged during delivery.  It is a little tricky to work with, but it does the job.  I posted before and after pictures, I had to use fabric paint since the tear mender dries a beige type color."
Do not buy it's so cheap ! Doesn't work! I already opened or I would have requested money back looks like milk so cheap
"this stuff is AMAZING! I have used it on a purse, a book bag, and a bench with faux leather !!"
Did not work on the fabric I used it for.
Works as advertised
"I originally bought this to fix the holes in the knees of my son's jeans. I was able to repair 8 pairs and reinforce another 4 pairs with a 2oz bottle. They are holding strong after numerous washes! The reenforced pairs have yet to wear out, some were on the verge and this stopped it!

Buying more to save my husband's jeans. He goes through jeans like crazy because of the work he does. He  does prop making. So I'm dealing with resin and paint constantly on his jeans. Plus he uses the thigh area of his jeans to clean off his sanding paper, so you can just imagine how bad the look!  I have no doubts that tear mender will save my husband's jeans and our wallet!

I will be using tear mender on every new pair of jeans that comes into the house!"
My vacuum cleaner bag had split slightly along a seam .. this fixed it perfectly!
The item turns white not clear
Works well on fabric and leather projects.
Worked really well
Works great and very strong. I use it mainly on my knee brace that had a small tear and its holding up really good.
This stuff is working great so far.
Exactly what I was expecting.
worked great on upholstery fabric that I melted with my curling iron...whew!
"Only needed a small amount, it came out a little runny but it is working very well. Just make sure you have some papertowels if not working on a flat surface."
"Worked great like they said it would! I bought this to fix some pant cuffs at the base of my work scrubs, still holding my cuffs together after many washings. Also used it to repair my camping tent's floor seams where they pulled out after many years of rugged use, I applied the liquid to the broken seam, folded it back into place and pressed it down with some weight onto a flat surface and let it dry in position for a day, it resulted in a great seam fix and now that it is done, I would say it was also very effective in creating a spot on the tent's floor seam the does not leach rain water through the seam where I used it, where as the rest of the original seam has allowed some rain to penetrate. So I then used Bish's to seal the rest of my tent's floor seams by applying it to the stitching along the seams and just pressing the liquid into the stiches with my finger tips. Again, it worked, I could have been more careful and done a better looking job of it but the tent would have need to have been retired soon if it didn't work. I  love waking up in a dry tent after a night of rain that I would have expected to leach water through these old, stretched, worn seams. I may have just added a few more years to this favorite old tent's lifetime"
Tried other products to mend seam in leather sofa. Finally ordered this product and it is incredible. Seam has been holding together for 6 months with no sign of coming undone and its the bottom cushion which gets a lot of wear.
It did not hold my first repair together...  it may be useful in lighter duty applications
"I bought this in hopes of mending some small tears in our fake leather couch. It seemed to work well the first couple of days, but then the glue balled up and came off."
Easy to use water proof and strong..
Works great for a repair on my tent trailer.
This product is worthless I glued patches on some scrubs and left them sit for several days soon as I went to use the product all the patches fell off within a couple of hours
It works as described. It may take a little bit time to learn to apply it for better results since it is dried pretty fast. I strongly suggest to make a test run first on something unimportant.
If I could go less than a one star I would.  The only reason I ordered this for my repair is because of the 3 min dry time.  After holding the leather together for 15 min it was still not dry so I went to my tried and true tacky glue.  I knew I would have to hold that for 15 min to dry.  I would not recommend this nor would I ever buy it again.  I did read the reviews on this and they were mostly good except people said it was thin.  It was actually like water.  I missed the window to return it so I just wasted $9.
it works but will bleed through fabric
"Requires careful attention to detail and several tries, but does the job eventually."
Works wonders. Love it.
"fixing my torn rolling luggage (american tourister fabric)
it really works however careful when patch things together
make sure you done it perfectly as it will turning white once dry instead of clear
my luggage is black, thank god am right away clean the excess glue

highly recommend for fixing luggage"
"I bought this product because my purse flew out of my Jeep and had some deep scars in the leather. I was able the polish the abrasions, but was trying to figure out how to fix the scars on my Coach bag. This product did a nice job as an adhesive to help hide the blemishes. I touched them up with some polish and they look pretty good. I was very pleased with the results. I also used it to reapir a Nerf football our dog chewed in half. It fixed it and the kids were able to play with the football again. I'm sure I'll be trying it on the soft top when the time comes as it's also waterproof. Definitely check this product out!"
I used it to repair a rip in a lawn chair...made of some kind of fabric. The rear is in a pressure point and it is holding well.
"I've used this on a few natural materials such as silk and leather. It turns to give a bit of a darkend look to the fabric. I think it's possible that this may be a great product in someone else's expert hands, but for me it's a no."
"Used this on a Scout Shirt for patches and they fell off the first day he was at camp:( I had bought dependent on a review on here, did not work what-so-ever..."
"This stuff worked for me but then I didn't expect miracles.  Some reviewers seemed to want it to bond things this glue was never designed to do.  It is a latex based glue and when dry is flexible.  I have so far glued a couple of items including a belt that had delaminated and it is holding it together perfectly.  Next thing I plan to do is patch a pair of pants that have a small hole above the back pocket.

But it will only work well for you if you use the right glue for the job."
used for sheltie ears.  Holds wonderfully
works great!
Great stuff. Helped me mend a seat in a old but loved car. Well worth the price. I would comment that it isn't exactly invisible--in my case I sewed up a seam and placed the mender on the seam to keep the stitches from tearing out. It dried a bit darker than the seat cover--but saved me a few hundred dollars for new seat covers.
Excellent.
Don't use this if you want to glue a tear together it leaves the spot sticky and won't hold anything together that requires any stress. I'm sure this would work fine on a patch but will not hold together a tear. Used this on a couple of cuts on the seats of our ski boat seats/engine cover and the spots are left sticky and turned brown. I only got this stuff to prevent material from tearing more as I plan on have the seats/engine cover recovered with new material at the end of this boating season.
does not work
"Strong, effective."
Worked great on the fabric seats in my truck!
Perfect for leather and book bindings work!
"Used it to repair some small tears and broken seems in a 32 year old car with leather seats that I'm restoring. It adheres to the leather and holds strong.

Then I used to to glue some pieces of my shoe together. Holds tight. Good stuff!"
Very runny liquid and I'm still no closer to repairing my peeling leather jacket. I'll try again when I have more time and patience
"Used this glue for a patch on my sofa. Didn't stick very well. Very similar to rubber cement, but I would think rubber cement holds better from experience."
"When I saw the contents of the bottle, I was very skeptical; however, it quickly mended my leather office chair without a trace of where the tear had been.  Results beyond expectation."
i found this product difficult to use. The results were not what I expected.
works great!
Really works.
"Work on canvas for about 60 days, then the tare came back where the mender was applied"
Seems to do what it says it will do.  I'll know better after washing
works great
"Good product, but not long shelf life.  Best to store bottle upside down."
Messy and slow to dry...
"I have had to throw away numerous pairs of jeans because of crotch blowout. And part of the problem is that, since I don't sew, it always took a while between when I first noticed a hole and when I could get them to a tailors for mending, which invariably led to more damage to the fabric and a less good repair. Now with this fabric glue, I can repair small holes as soon as they appear, and prolong the life of my favorite jeans. Highly recommended to have on hand if you wear jeans a lot.

Note of advice though - when you are mending a tear by applying the patch to the inside fabric of your jeans, make sure that you have some sort of backing material on the other side so you don't end up gluing one leg of the jean to the other one."
I use this on my Yorkie pup to help his ears stand up. It sure works for that.
Dries clear
Does not work.
Worked great but then I lost it less than 12 hours later... Would order again.. May have to....
great product
Bleed through materal. Looks like Elmers glue all.
"The liquid is too thin to work with vertical surfaces properly.
When dry it is something like a clear rubber feeling and unless the leather is squeaky clean/parched, it will not stick and roll/peel off.
I have a crack in the side of my seat and though it is not all the way through the leather, I still cannot get it sealed shut with multiple applications of this.
I give it three stars because I think on a flat surface or with some help from painters tape, on a tear with a flap, it would be much better (I think it would adhere very well to the foam inside the seat)."
"This does NOT work on polyester boat covers.  It may be great for porous cloth, but falls right off synthetic materials.  This should be noted in the description!"
This stuff works - bottom line. Just be careful on white items - it you get too much it looks yellow.
Works like a champ.  Used to use this or something just like it in the late 70's and have been looking for it ever since.
it did what it was supposed to do.
"Works great as always.  Just have to find a way to keep it from drying out in the bottle over time. Because of this, the 2oz bottle is plenty to buy"
"This glue was used to seal a tiny tear line in the soft fine leather seat of a newer European car with light leather colored seats, a 3 mm cut in the leather finish. I has conditioner the leather about a week ago, prior to this repair.

Placed drop sized glob of glue with a new toothpick smeared it slightly over the tear.

I then spread it with my finger ( removes safely and does not stick to skin). It was tacky and dry. It started to come off the leather. The tear was gone. The glue had penetrated and sealed the cut unfinished leather tear area.

I looked and could not see it and tear with the naked eye. It was gone.

Glue looks and pours like an Elmers type of glue,white. It dries faster and clear. It contains latex, and is non-toxic, and made in the U.S.A.

This glue will bond to unfished leather and also suede and carpet. So I would avoid getting it spilled or used on those type if surfaces, for the repair that I did.

I bought this item on my own for this repair and I highly recommend this product. This is an unpaid personal endorsement."
"Love this stuff! I had my last bottle for years, before what was left of it dried out; now I have a new bottle, so I'm good for a while. I mostly use this on work jeans- when they start getting thin in spots, I patch them from the inside, and I'll get another year or two out of them. I've also used this on cloth car upholstery, and other things- and what they say about it is 100% true- apply it as instructed, and it'll last forever.

As a bachelor, I may be a very competent cook, and house-cleaner....but  I DON'T do sewing!- So this is the next best thing! In-fact, for patching, I actually think using this is superior to sewing."
Works vetlry well. First mender I have used that actually works.
I use this to repair my sons jeans
Good stuff helps with work clothes
Did not work for me. Not sure why.
This stuff is strong enough to hem heavy denim jeans without stitching. It also lasts through laundry.
"I have several very thin and small tears in a piece of automotive leather upholstery.  In preparation, I cleaned and degreased the leather surface before applying.  For first application I applied the product generously, and though it does run like described in other reviews, it did set into the small cracks within the leather and it dried quickly.

It does come out of the bottle as a liquid, like an Elmer's glue.  Though it is not tough like a clay or paste, it is stronger than Elmer's.  It dries as a tacky, almost solid gel that can pull out with minimal effort. I recommend having a wet rag handy to dab up any excess that spills over your target area before it dries.

All in all I think the product can work within a limited use. for $5 it does the job I expect.  It is not a tough material, and I would not recommend this product be used on heavy use items like denim jeans pockets, work boots, or shoes - as some reviews mentioned.  It is not a magic bullet or a miracle worker.  Consider your application and your needs before buying, as this will not work on everything."
"If your doing a color like red,black this product is white you will have to match your color,product is great."
This stuff mess up my close once I removed the patch and nothing can get it out becarful if use this product don't not remove the patch it will leave a yellow glue stain. But it is strong it will survive a few washes if applied properly
"Pretty cool stuff,  I used to patch holes in kids pants."
I found dozens of uses for this. It works great. I used it to freeze blues jeans from fraying and it worked like a charm.
"The leather seat in my vehicle has cracked and torn in a few areas due to age.  I cut a piece of canvas slightly larger than the hole, inserted it below the tear, and glued it to the button of the leather.  My primarily goal was to prevent the tear from expanding.  The tear is still visible, though less so, and it has not expanded.  My seat cover is perforated so I was worried about the glue coming through the perforations, but it balled up and wiped off, just like the instructions stated.  I am pleased with the quality of this product."
"Product is simply terrible! If ""No Stars"" was an option I would have chosen that. It's a messy, runny fluid that's simply ineffective."
"very good , I am use rubber table tennis."
Ruined my white jeans; cld have ironed patch on but used Tear Mender & it left brown bleed through wear it bonded. HORRIBLE :-( see pic w/square brown staining from product
fixed my purse!
"Super super thin, almost the consitancy of a light cream. This makes it hard to only hit the areas you want to. To be honest, not the best glue, I expected a lot more from the product with its claims."
"Disappointed, I've tried it on a few different things, (pillow and sheets) perhaps it would be better on clothing material? Idk"
"Just as described .
They work nicely for me."
Arrived dried in the bottle. Frustrating to waste money.
"Finally used this product after ordering it a long time ago.....First off:  READ THE DIRECTIONS!....Lol.....My wife bypassed that step and just squirted some on a shirt pocket that had pulled out the stitching  about 2 inches down the side.....When you use it like super glue it bleeds thru and dries to nice whitish spot....Lol....not what we were looking for, but not terribly noticeable so I can still wear the shirt....Anyway, 8 washes later and it's still holding as solid as the day she glued it.....Impressive product I can't wait to try out on other uses as they come up,"
I used this on a new linen top that tore at a seam. Sewing it would look awful. I used the mender and after it dried I went back and put in a couple of light stitches jut to be sure. I think this stuff is great!
"This is like rubber cement.  Although that made it easy to apply and clean up any mistakes, it didn't work for a patch on my car's or leather seats.  It peeled up at the edges within a day.  I easily pulled it off, peeled off the glue residue and then used another product to reattach the patch."
It mends well but leaves a dark mark on light cloth.
Bought this for my leather seat in my truck. And I am shocked it actually worked!!! It's only been 2 days but it's lasted in 105 degree weather so far
"Perfect for gluing my leather grip covers to my bike.  I see people complain how thin it is.  That is what I like most about it.  It is holding the leather to the rubber nicely with no ""fat"" spots."
worked great....mended the tear in my jeep seat
"I was a bit skeptical when I first bought this, but it has proven invaluable for several tears in fabric over the last several months.  I had a pocket in a favorite pair of jeans that had worn through the liner fabric, not really easy to sew.  I put several layers of this on the worn fabric hole about the size of a dime, and the rubber-like coating is still going strong months later.  Repaired a fabric split on some shorts, same result.  Even repair a split on some black leather on my car console where we rest our arms in the middle, and cannot tell where the split was months later, even with the hot summer heat in the car.  Note that this dries to a whitish color, so very important not to use where the dried liquid will be visible.  I overlapped the torn fabric and leather to hide the material underneath the overlap."
did the job that I needed done on the corner of my leather couch.
"I don't really write reviews but this item merits one. The solution is very watery so use it sparingly or you'll end up with a big mess. It doesn't bond as quickly as advertised but it does only take a few minutes. The end product is good BUT not a permanent solution. I used it on a nylon dog bag that started to tear, overall its holding up well but if I use my fingers to pull the fabric apart, it WILL  come apart. I suggest using this to hold the fabric in place while you stitch it or as a temporary solution until you can have your item properly stitched. But overall, not a bag product for a few dollars."
Did not work on leather at all.
"This product is fantastic! Finally I've found the repair answer for dozens of blown out work pants. I've used some repeatedly followed by laundry and the repairs are as good as new. Buy this stuff and you'll be amazed. Can't wrap my head around any negative reviews,must be user error, but how?....this stuff is great! Couldn't be easier to use and it does what is says it does! Thanks for my pants back!!!!!!!!!"
did not work well on golf shoes
"So far, the patched areas are holding.  I had belt loops pull out of several pairs of jeans (I was wearing too thick of a belt) and used this to repair them.  I have worn and washed the mended jeans at least three times and no loss of adhesion."
I love this stuff after I ripped my pants at work an iron worker recommended this product to me cheap  alternative to buying another pair of work pants just use a scrap piece of material and you good to go if you work in an environment that is hard on clothes like construction you need a bottle of this the stuff will show through your clothes though so use at own  discretion
Do not waste your hard earned money.  Bought at TCS tractor supply.  Upon opening THE BOTTLE there was a hard sticky film that would not let the product out of the bottle.  Upon removal the rest was a thin liquid  that did not work at all.  Got some on my hands and it was like rubber cement but it did not stick two pieces of anything together.  Based on TCS return policy it will be returned upon their store opening on Sunday.  Ended up using gorilla tape for the repair that took about a minute to cut and paste.  Do not buy this product.  Maybe got a bad bottle but based on negative reviews on other sites I doubt it.
Wasn't able to mend a split in my leather car seat or armrest.  It left a yellowish colored residue that didn't hold the pieces together.
"Wow! Tear Mender is Legit! Successfully repaired an otherwise fatal 8 inch tear in son's favorite and hard-to-find Levi's 520 tapered jeans. The tear ran along the crotch inseam and seam next to the zipper. I simply applied Tear Mender to the patch that came with the product (cut into 3 long strips),using my fingers pressed the patch onto the tear (from the inside), and viola!  No product seepage came through the front of the jeans. Can hardly see where the tear was.  I also used Tear Mender to save the heels of $99.00 Birkenstock sandals and prevented from having to buy a new pair. Outside edges of both heels had worn down to the cork. I purchased Kiwi Heel Savers, and instead of using the shoe nails that came with the Kiwi heel savers, I used Tear Mender to affix them.  Good as new!  So I'm sold on Tear Mender!!  Where has this product been all my life? Invented in 1932 and still useful today!  TIP: keep Tear Mender bottle in an air tight container to help keep it from drying out."
This order does not work
"This stuff WORKS, I used it to repair some jeans that had busted a whole in the leg. And so old yoga pants that ripped on a seam. Next I'm going to try the leather on our car seat and then as a hemming glue."
"Unfortunately I had no luck with this product. The glue soaked through to the opposite side and remained a white color after drying. Perhaps it was operator error. I'm unsure, but I've not been able to get it to work on a variety of material combinations."
Works
good...though
It doesn't work! I tried on a pleather purse and it stuck the same as elmers glue! Terrible!
"Very bad product, Didn't glue my fabric (neoprene and lycra) at all like it is supposed to according to the manufacturer.
A total disappointment."
"Bought this and used it once, per instructions, closed container tightly and set aside in proper storage. Worked OK.

Went to use it yesterday and it had solidified into a solid lump inside the container. Had not been opened or touched.

So, is this a product designed to fail (turn solid) after you open it? No warnings about that on the label- no expiration date on it.

A big waste of money if you just get to use it once the day you open it. OK if you are going to use it all that first day, I suppose. Not so good if you expect to be usable to use it again later..;

""Trust the Bish""? Right...  How will you make this good, Mr. Bish?"
"I have a small tear on my seat in my car. I have leather seats and didn't realize the importance of conditioning them. So a crack developed and I bought this hoping I could seal it up and stop it from spreading. I put it on the crack and held the crack closed for a couple of minutes. It dried and didn't really keep the crack closed. It also dried lumpy , sort of like I put rubber cement. It looked like there was goup on my seat and it didn't look nice and I touched it and it felt like rubber cement and it peeled off like it. I thought this was thin and permanent sort of like crazy glue but its thick and doesnt hold the tear closed."
Just didn't work well.
Was a waste of money.  Did not work sadly.
Works great.
"TOTALLY MISLEADING!  THIS GLUE DOES NOT GLUE LEATHER TO LEATHER!
I FOLLOWED DIRECTIONS AND ACTUALLY WEIGHTED DOWN THE LEATHER MATERIALS TO BE BONDED AFTER ONE HOUR, THE PIECES WERE BARELY TACKY AND CERTAINLY NOT BONDED!!!"
The best fabric adhesive we've found
Don't waste your money. Go to an upholstery shop and buy the liquid or spray adhesive they use for fabric.
Good to have on hand.  Never know when you will need it.
"May work on other items better, but I used it on my work boots. It only lasted for a day before it started to peel away like a banana peel."
"Tried to use this to repair the cuff on my wife's dark blue slacks. The glue soaked through the material and left white, non-removable stains through the fabric. After it dried, I covered the white stains with a permanent marker pen. I followed directions to the letter, but was very disappointed with the results. Another note, the odor of this glue is not the nicest. Sorry, but cannot recommend this product.  REW."
good as expected
"My absolute favorite pair of jeans was ripping/wearing thin on the inner thighs - and I was worried I might have a blow out!  I've looked everywhere for the same jeans and they just don't make them anymore, so I purchased this kit. The glue/adhesive comes out of the bottle really fast, so be careful. My jeans are still holding up really well, and they've been worn and washed many times since using this kit. I'm very happy with this product!"
I really like this product I wish I had known about it when my kids were small beats threading a needle and it lasts as well and tougher then thread
"Works pretty good, although not as well as the video shows and if you make the mistake and get a little sloppy it doesn't dry clear."
Not very effective.  Made a mess and left an large discolored latex stain.
"Onc open, congeals into useless glop."
"Great stuff!  Years ago I use to use it repairing leather gloves.  More recently, I had some leather shoe work to do and worked like a champ."
This was a God send. helped fix a tear on our Benz due to wear and tear. Its quick and it lasts. Our seat was leather.
"I had some stitch free pants (fused) that started falling apart. This stuff did the trick. So far, they've been washed a bunch of times and seems to be holding up. Definitely extended the life of my expensive hiking pants."
Totally worthless.  Elmers glue or rubber cement would be a better choice and both of these wouldn't work either.  It failed to do what it said it would do and that was to Repair leather.  It doesn't.  I followed the instructions to the T.  The dried product just pealed off.  Totally worthless for leather repair.
Product works took a few get a to get it right but worth the purchase to repair tears on leather
"This fabric glue is fantastic!  I bought it to repair a tear in the fabric on the front of a recliner, and you really have to be looking for it to see it.  The glue bonds in 3 minutes, per the instructions, but be patient for it to dry clear, that took an hour for my repair.  I now have a flexible repair that looks great. Highly recommend!"
"just to write a review.
Before I make comments, I like to look at the questions and replies and reviews to avoid the obvious ""wow, what a ****, can this guy read?"" trap I so easily fall into without having to follow in other well trodden footsteps.
Anyway, it pretty clearly states (or word to that effect) ""good for one year"" (which means unopened or not, so you might as well break the seal and check it as there is no ""best used before date"" on it.
Also, ""test on light colored fabrics"" and ""does not dry clear"" are pretty obvious, no?
And if it worked on leather, they wouldn't make one just for leather, would they?
And cracks (like ""crack"" in the earth, ""crack"" in the mirror,  ""crack"" in the mouth, ""cracked"" in the head) are not tears (""tears"" in the knees, ""tears"" apart, ""tears""  in the space time fabric, ""tears"" of a clown (ok, sorry).

IT WORKS AS STATED."
Crap
perfect repair
"Holds everything together, like this product."
"LOL, was using this just now and am happy I ordered it. Used it to measure other material things but right now I was mending my doggie screen door, which he loves. Have to have it every summer."
This works great. Would recommend it to anyone.
Instead of repair this glue ruined my leather chair. It peeled off with the pieces of leather. It turned yellow where it came out. It peels like the Elmer's school glue
Good.
good stuff
Good for hard to sew places.
Not what I expected. Did not work on couch
Great value.  I use this all the time.  Thanks for a great product.
This glue works great!  Flexible but strong hold.  Have used for gluing scout patches on (instead of sewing!) and have repaired ripping soccer balls.  Good stuff.
"Works great, seems like it has a touch of waterproof glue that seals.  Used it to hem a pair of jeans, still holding strong.  Plan to re-order once my current bottle runs out.."
"It works better than expected. Repaired my cotton work pants, no problem. Even after washing."
"I bought to fix a tear in a couch, but it was the consistency of milk and is too runny to be useful."
I have applied tear mender on a vinyl seat only to be able to peal right up days later. Maybe the 32 fl oz bottle I received came from a bad batch. I am past the 30 days in which to return it. I will be contacting tear mender directly tomorrow. Today is a holiday.
"This is a great product its strong and reliable. I used these to mend the bottom of 4 jeans, patch holes all along them, and patch up both ends of my couch with enough to do a couple holes on 2 shirts. So definitely worth the price. I will however say that this is pretty runny and it dries pretty quickly so you do have to apply it directly. It also leaves a milky residue if you spill it on the outside instead of using it as a patch. what I mean by that is if there a hole in you clothing you cut a patch put the tear mender on it and apply it to the underside of the fabric. Or if your tailoring like I did with the bottoms of my jeans then to cut and fold inward and glue. They have plenty of videos on youtube if this isn't clear enough. I keep forgetting to buy the 7 oz container of it"
"Very runny consistency; hard to ""control"" the application because of the consistency. Furthermore, what sucks about the ""runniness"" is that this dries white. It runs/leaks to areas that I don't want this showing. It dries on the fabric quickly and won't come off. Yet, it won't adhere the 2 pieces of fabric together. I've tried it on different materials, and it has not worked on anything yet- nothing has stuck. The upside is that when it gets on my hands, it comes off easily. But, it's already ruined the items I've tried this on. Am I doing it wrong?"
Great product does what it is advertised to do. Works quite
Accomplished absolutely nothing and left a white residue everywhere with a horrible smell.
Works very good.
Good product for multiple uses.
Works great and patch on jeans has held up well after several washes.  However it is messy to apply.
Tear mender worked great on our canopy
Worked on a rip in the back of my jeans.  Its kind of soft and sticky after washing.  My inner hat bands I have sized down have been great.  I like it fine for the hats so far.
"Patched my bag catcher for my mower that had a nice hole in it with this and using Gear Aid Tenacious Tape. Held up impressively well after the first mow with it, and I was mowing a jungle with wet heavy grass!"
Didn't work to seal a small leather tear.
None
It you are using this as directed it works great.  It's not a hard super glue.  I used it to reattach the vinyl/leather trim to the foam padding on the interior doors to my car.  Worked perfectly.
Good stuff. Arrived in good condition. Recommending to everyone.
"I attempted to use this to attach a patch onto my couch. The glue was watery, did not dry in the three minutes as promised on the package, and just peeled off. I would have been better off with an iron on patch or a good old sewing needle and thread. I was very disappointed, especially after there were a bunch of high ratings for this product. Now I'm stuck with a bottle that I will never find use for."
love it
It works!
Wasnot what I expected.  Like putting glue on a tear . Glue showed and not sure Year was repaired.  Maybe I was expecting too much.
"Wonderful product.
It seems weird in consistency when using it, but boy does it work great!
It can stand up to normal washing just as well as threaded hand stitching.
Just don't let it get on or soak through to the visible side of the garment. It leaves a shine..."
"My experience gluing Sunbrella. this is an awful glue sort of like rubber cement in strength,
Patches easily pulled off. I then tried on normal softer fabrics, and not much better. Really quite a shock after reading all the glowing reviews.
I have seen videos  of people struggling to pull off glued on patches to Sunbrella showing how great it is, not my experience at all. Glue is like a weak watery white consistency with little odor. I assume this is a natural latex rubber, so you know it is going to be weakly adhesive. Do not expect this glue to hold up if any kind of force is exerted onto the fabric. A glue which does work well is Loctite  PL Premium Polyurethane Construction adhesive, or Seal-All made by Eclectic products."
This great of you can't or don't want to see. It water proof and works wonders. Great product.
This is nothing more than watered down elmer's white glue. Does not bond well even. I followed the directions exactly. Don't waste your time on this junk.
"Tried to mend a tear in my car seat. The material is faux leather. I cut a leather strip to match the length of the tear.
Applied the solution to both the areas and applied some pressure and let it sit for a day (24 hrs).
Tugged on it and the whole strip peeled off."
"My initial reaction was that this product was great, a miracle fix-all even. However, all the items I fixed have required multiple fixes. I repaired a split on some leather shoes and had to repatch 3 months later. I fixed a torn seam on some jeans and after a wash or two, there were brown streaks near the repair from the product"
It is NOT instant.  Elmer's glue will do the same job. I did not bother to return it.  Will not recommend.
"Purchased this from wmart  online to glue small slits in a handbag.  Not only did it not hold,its not clear. I think this is exactly the same as Elmers glue. I also purchased it to glue my car seats, but I'm sure it won't work since it didn't work on small little tears."
OMG this stuff really works !!!!
"This is good stuff.  I've used it to recover a hot tub cover, which has held up in the las Vegas sun for well over a year.  I'd recommend a squeeze bottle for application.  Great fun peeling it off your fingers !"
THE BEST PRODUCT OUT THERE ....JUST APPLY SOME GLUE UNDER THE LEATHER (I PUT A SMALL LEATHER PATCH UNDERNEATH THE TEAR .. AND HOLD IT TOGETHER FOR AROUND 2 MIN...AND DONE ...AFTER A FEW HOURS WILL BE CLOSED AND LOOK BETTER THEN BEFORE
hard to work with very very watered down ... does not work at all on car leather seats. it was awful. this runny mess came out of the sides of the top not the top so it got everywhere. I was covered in it but luckily it is garbage so it washed off easily. very disappointed in this.
Have used it to repair several things that I could not have other wise. Kind of wattery but dries tight
Holding my crotch rips together really well so far.  Watch out for putting too much on a big hole/rip.  Since it dries white and rubbery it just looked like a big paint splotch when the excess seeped through to the other side.  Easy Fix: Sharpie.
It's like the liquid latex you buy for a dollar at the Halloween store... doesn't fix a small tear in a seam on my leather couch
Very easy to use and it easy to clean up of you get it on any thing just fixed four pair of jeans with it in less than 15 mins!
Does not work
"The nozzle was broken and when I removed the seal and tightened the nozzle to shake the product exploded and went EVERYWHERE.  Ruined the suede leather bag I was fixing ($350), ruined the silk shirt I was wearing ($168), my pants are ruined as well.  It is  all over the sofa and oriental rug, and everything else within a 4 ft radius of where I was sitting.  Says machine washable within 15 min.  I'm at work, what am I supposed to do?  What a worthless purchase, so now that I've ruined the item I was looking to fix, the glue can now go bad in a container with a broken nozzle.  Ugh. I could have just purchased a new bag for less than the cost of my RUINED OUTFIT.  Thoroughly disgusted."
So... so for me
This really  works great.. just make sure you shake it before use
"I've only used it once. I glued some patches from old jeans on holes on newer old jeans. It sticks very well so far. This will be very handy to take camping for emergency repairs on clothes, tent, etc."
"I bought the Terar Mender back on Dec. 8th. of 2016. I just today opened it from its sealed  bag, I tore the seal off from under the bottle cap (Illustration # 2) and put the cap back on and went to squeeze and NOTHING. I squeezed the bottle a couple of times to feel and it felt hard inside. Cut the bottle in half and my gut feeling was correct because I had two  pieces that felt like Silly Putty inside a cut in half plastic bottle instead of an egg. I bought the Tear Mender because at the time ithought I should have another bottle laying around just in case. Unfortunately by the time that just in case came after the return date. So everyone please check your bottle when you receive it even if you have another one opened with some still remains in it cause you might get a bad bottle like I did and won't know it until after its to late. Amazon let me down and I'm not sure if I'll be signing up again unless they help me out. Good luck everyone!"
Great price and fast delivery.  Works as advertised.
Nothing else is Tear Mender. You can repair your jeans with it. I ordered this to repair a canvas tipi.
"If this was thicker I would love it.  Dries fast and pretty strong.  I am not joking the consistency is like milk, even after I shook it up like crazy."
"This is good but if you use it to white clothes, the stain remains."
This product performed as I expected.
We love this stuff!
Don't waste your money.  It made a mess and didn't work as stated.
"Fabulous product! I cannot believe I didn't know about this before. This makes clothes mending a very quick, easy task that I don't procrastinate any more. I have a puppy that jumps on me and pulls sleeves as he falls, and Tear Mender has saved me tons of time mending the holes he creates."
mends my cheap compression socks it isamazing
"works great, leather or canvas very handy and useful."
Works like a charm.
My favorite new type of glue. Mended a tear in a fur coat all by myself with excellent results.  A word of warning: The liquid is very thin and will seep though porous cloth leaving a white mark so be careful how and where you apply it.
Have used this for years......multipurpose........wouldn't want to be without it !!
Amazing product...bought it for a belt and fixed my tennis shoes last night
I'm on my 6th bottle. Excellent and excellent service.
It was an O.K product.
great stuff
"Didn't hold on leather seam of chair, but did hold cuff on pair of pants"
Got it to use on a pair of gloves I liked too much to throw out. Used it on a ton of unfinished projects
It works ok on punctures but it will not hold together a seam that has come unstitched.  It also seems to work better on vinyl than leather in my experience.  For the price its good to have around but understand it's only going to do so much.  Do not rely on this product to make your furniture look like new again or anything close to that.
"Amazing adhesion, but very runny and if it gets away from you, your item is toast!"
"I used this to glue buckskin leather to make fans out of owl and turkey wings. It holds very well and doesn't make the leather stiff, nor did it discolor the leather. It's a bit tricky to use. I tried cotton swabs and stiff bristled glue brushes, but they didn't work very well. This glue doesn't dry too quickly, but it does add layers and layers of dried glue to the swabs and brushes too quickly to make it easy to use. I ended up just brushing it onto the leather with a Popsicle stick. When one side got too gooey, I switched sides.. or used a new stick. Be careful not to use too much. When I did, it made kind of a mess when I pressed the leathers together. It cleans off easily if you get it within 30 seconds."
"This works but always test it before you use!

You will need to test it on underneath or not-visible area of a material you are trying to use to see how it will turn out.

Don't put too much otherwise, you will get hell of stain which virtually impossible to remove."
It does not work!
"Left bleed through semi transparent white  on things. Glued but too visible. Honestly , the stains look rather impolite and I got this to fix my male roommates threads... Great for sitcom worthy antics , glues but aesthetically is horrible."
"I was skeptical about this products....It dries beige, so that I don't like, but man, does it work!  I had a dog chew a small hole in a comforter and was able to glue it closed and keep the comforter.  Also glued a pocket back on a sweater.  Glued hem on a couple pants that were falling....worked great!  Many uses for this product!"
Got all over the clothes and didn't last.  Had to finally sew the shirt.
was to use to glue my dog ears but didn't work for that purpose. sure it would work on clothng
Great invention. This stuff works very well.
Worked great on jeans!
Good stuff
"When I came across this item on Amazon I thought I write this review.  I purchased the original , don't know if It was updated, Tear Mender at HSN. I got a small, medium and large bottle. I think I paid $39.95. When I first used it to repair a torn pair of jeans it worked excellently. The next time I needed the Tear Mender came about 10 months later in which to my surprise, upon opening the cap found the liquid Tear Mender completely solidified and useless so I Trashed the full bottle. Ok, I have a second bottle, the medium size one, so I opened it and once again the tear was fix. Can you believe the same thing happened about six months later- a solid mass of Tear Mender. Again to the waste basket. I don't have to write about the third bottle right? And yes the cap was on tight!"
"Must order more like it!
This is a great product for repairs on leather clothing and crafts!"
I bought it to use on a piece of clothing.  I followed the instructions.  The product mended the tear BUT it left a permanent white stain because the glue isn't clear it's stark white like Elmers glue.
This stuff is great. Works like nobody's bizz on leather. Repaired purse strap and it still holds. Also put a patch on uniform  that worked for many dry cleaning trips. Definitely recommend.  Remember to follow the instructions!
Just had to throw away 2 scrub sets because glue does not dry as quickly as advertised and put in the wash with like colors. $100 down the drain.
"Starting using it in auto, works fast."
"I have used this on my son's wool tweed jacket, and on my husband's Spyder ski pants.  Both garments had tears in the fabric, not on a seam, and presented challenged to ""invisible"" repair for me -- and I am a very GOOD seamstress.  My son caught one of the vents of his sport coat getting out of a car, and tore a 3/4"" horizontal rip in the fabric off the top of the vent. The Bish's made an all-but-invisible repair, assisted by the texture of the fabric.

The ski pants were tougher, and the mend is visible, though not very. The fabric of the pants is a very lightweight  neon green poly with a plasticized backing, and there was no way to stitch it because of the location (on the leg - close to a zipper for thigh venting and in an area in which Thinsulate was sewn into various layers for insulation). Iron-on patch would not stick to the plastic backing (I tried - twice!). The real problem was that the tear, if un-repaired, would ""run"" vertically down the entire front of the pant leg.  I applied the Bish's, held the edges together for about five minutes (until I was sure they had stuck), and then let the pants sit for a half hour just to be sure.  IT WORKED!

There is a visible tan-colored line where the tear was, and the texture is slightly rubbery feeling there. (Bish's is latex.) Still the line is all of 1/16"" wide, if that, and the tear has not extended one bit since it was fixed.  It worked so well, I used the Bish's to hem the pants, as they were 1-1/2"" too long for my husband, and my sewing machine would not work to sew through multiple layers of such heavy fabric. It wirked great for this, too.

These were both fast, easy, and very inexpensive repairs on very pricey garments that would otherwise be ruined."
Does exactly what it says it will do. Does not leave a stiff glue like finish. From a small rip in a knit to car upholstery to the bottom of a leather bag. Works amazingly!
The only reason I gave it two stars is because the option for one then said I hated the product and I try not to use the word hate even in product reviews. So Far I have only tried the product once but it was a very poor start. I followed the directions in an attempt to patch up some work pants. I let it dry longer the the directions stated but I could easily flap the patched material with my finger. I will make another attempt soon and see if that goes better. If it does I will update the review.
Did not glue at all had to use gorilla glue
Works  just  fine  for what I used it on  (repaired a  painting that  had a small rip in it)
Works well! So well in fact that if you get it anywhere than where you want it it's gonna be a b**** to get out.
Works pretty good. Don't get it on displayed surface.
Works great
its ok i wouldnt buy it again.  its kind of like using elerms glue.  its white amd doesnt really do much if ur using it on leather
"2nd time I've purchased this product.  It might not be the best for a dress item, but for my work and bummin' clothes it's fine.  Easy to use, lasts for many washings before I need to reapply."
"This stuff is great. I have been able to repair items easily. I usually apply with it with a popsicle stick for accuracy and control. I have also been able to make pillow covers and even a bed cover... I found that by after you get your fabric aligned... follow up with a hot iron and instantly you are bonds immediately ...no need to wait for it to dry by holding it in place. Thanks...
Tear Mender"
Sticks nicely and acts as a rubberband stretchy type of glue great for cothes
SUPER
"Works well fixing my falling apart quilt, Thx!"
An all around outstanding product for any type of problems. Saved all my jeans.
Absolutely love this stuff!! It fixes so many things!! Great for all types of clothing and shoes repair.
"I've used this to patch thigh rub outs in my jeans, pinholes in leggings, crafting, securing ends in knitting and crochet, all kinds of stuff. It's amazing and will keep it on hand always. I've only used about half the bottle and I've done a ton of stuff with it. The video is a little misleading, I'm more of the ""a little goes a long way"" school with this product. Use a little at first and add more if you need to. You can secure fabric really well and not have the glue bleed through if you're careful."
"I used this to apply a leather patch, and it held perfectly and immediately! Great product."
it' did no more than elmer's glue....
"Only used it once, but it's kind of hard to use, doesn't spread well and takes a while to dry. Not good for light weight fabrics. Would not buy again."
as it is supposed to be
so so
"This stuff cost me a sale for my online buisness! I was trying to mend a small tear in a sports bra and was left with what looks like a bodily fluid stain, yuck! It WILL NOT come off at all. I literally tried scrubbing it off 2 sec after applying because it's all white and gross. Why wasn't this stuff made clear instead?? You could POSSIBLY use this on a white shirt and that's it, unless you enjoy walking around with questionable big white stains on your clothing.... what a waste!"
"I bought this to mend some tears in a vinyl chair. I would have been better off using Elmer's Glue. This was watery, really shiny where it did dry clear,  but peeled right off like rubber cement. What a waste."
This don't work
"This is what I used when I have a tear on my clothes and I'm lazy to sew it up. However, it may change the color of the fabric, hence -1 star."
Great product
"This product CAN work, but it isn't the miracle cure we all want this kind of thing to be (so maybe it deserves more than 3 stars?). I had a tear in a fairly new winter coat and attempted to fix it with Tear Mender. This was a tear in the outer layer, and I wasn't sure how well this product would stick to the fabric. I decided to follow the instructions for mending nylon fabric and first glued a piece of cotton cloth to the inside. This worked, but the glue is much thinner than expected and kind of ran all over. In the end it DID fix the tear, but ended up being a bit more messy than I anticipated and my patch jog was incredibly visible. The other issue was that because this product is pretty runny it soaked completely through and I ended up gluing the pocket closed. Thankfully I was able to pry the pocket open, but that resulted in the undoing of my patch work. I will definitely try this again after I remove some of the glue from the first attempt, and I think it will be much more successful the second time.
For first time users I would recommend that you squirt some of the glue onto a paper plate and use a Q-tip or tooth pick to apply it. Also, their claim is completely true as far as it being easily removed from skin."
works okay.
"It is OK.  However, it does not work well on all fabrics and it depends on the tear that you want to mend.  GR"
"Perhaps I should have opened the bottle sooner(?), but a month or two after receiving the ""tear mender"" all I found in the bottle was a huge, white, stinky, blob of paste. It literally will not squeeze through the filter as it is too thick. Total waste of money, and I've since missed my window to return it. : ("
"I bought this product after consulting a Vet about my puppy's ear not folding like the other ear. He recommended Tear Mender, and the result is perfect after only 3 times used."
Works just as advertised.  Love it.
"OK honestly, my husband  introduced me to the stuff and he uses it for work practically on a daily basis. He's  a union ironworker and they are very hard and rough on their work attire on a day to day basis everyday they go home with something ripped or torn.  My busbands been using tear mender for 30 years  This stuff is amazing , you'll never find an adhesive for fabric better or stronger.  Its workable to where it doesn't cure in few minutes like some do, so you do have a little time to manipulate your fabric if you need to. Highly recommended for patching torn clothing, jackets, blankets, furniture upholstery, Leather,  i have used it on just about every fabric except I haven't used it on carpet yet I'll keep you posted.
 A Highly recommended purchase for anyone working in the consttiction field, building trades or outdoor enthusiasts. Itll patch a hole in an umbrella,a leather jacket , or a tent in a pinch. Witbout a doubt the strongest and best adhesive for fabric on this planet  Anything else is just a waste of your money!!!
 I use it because I just don't sew. Haha
The Pants in the image have been patched with tear mender for the last three years and their worn to work every week by my husband Terry."
Super easy to use. Works great
I was under the impression this could fix tears alone but you'd need a patch for it to work. Easily peels off anything it covers otherwise. Does dry clear at least. Feels like rubber cement when it dries. No idea if it's stronger with a patch.
"For what its worth this gets a zero from me BUT it is glue and it does get tacky and we could have used incorrectly if there is some kind spell or chant you must recite. I purchased this against my own feelings but I needed to do some leather repair and my wife was insistent that I get special glue for the leather,or just let her do the repair. So she bought this glue and low and behold it did not work as detailed. So after cleaning the residue away from the other attempts I used my go to, Gorilla glue and what ya know, all done and at least one more believer."
good product & comes in handy
Peels off easily. Used on a leather couch and peeled off
Used it to fix my brothers black pants. Worked well except you Need to make sure you're applying it correctly because some can smear and leave some white-ish stains where you don't want them.
"One absolutely CANNOT buy a better product for all things gluey.  Certain items one needs to have around the house... good pair of scissors, flashlight, duck tape... and this stuff.  really.  There's not been one application that I have put this product where it didn't glue and glue well.  Excellent for all things 'cloth' related..including leather products.  Yeah..this stuff is amazing.  Sets in seconds, completely dries super fast ... and holds.  Not like super glue which tends to be brittle and therefore breaks apart after a bit.  I would NOT NOT NOT recommend this for artificial finger nails etc.  Why? You'll never get the artificial nails off...like ever.  :)"
nice way to repair minor fixes
Crap.  Does not work.  Does not adhere to the leather.
Tried to use it for an ice fishing shelter repair.  Very messy and takes way to long to set up.  Fail !
Fixed my leather seat like  magical
"Unbelievable, how much work (I hate sewing :p) this gunk saves!  I'd buy more when this is all gone."
"Great product.  Used it on jeans for patching.  Also, I had three pair of Levi's each which one or two belt loops broke.  This worked great with a small patch on the inside of the jeans.  Sad that Levi's don't make a great product anymore but at least I was able to rescue these.  Also used it on tears at the under arms on t-shirts; worked great."
"Fixes anything. Smells of fresh wintergreen. Cap is fragile, but was able to seal the cracked cap with more tear mender. 10/10"
"Works like a magic! Very strong, and works as advertised."
Awful product. It ran everywhere and ruined a pair of pants. Instructions were followed.
Used it to mend a tear in the scooter seat. Then used it on the back side of a headband to give it some grip because the headband was sliding off all the time. Love it.
great
Works just as expected.  Mends fabric tears easily.  We are very pleased with this product.
Does not dry off as clear as i would like it to be (slightly visible clear markings) but does hold well.
"Thies product does not stick, super glue works 100 times better."
"Works great for fabric repair!  I use it for holes and tears in my gloves to make them last a little longer and my work pants as well.  The one thing I hate about this product is the fact that the glue hardens on the inside, making it difficult to use sometimes."
I haven't used this new bottle as of yet but I have used this product before. This is probably the perfect size to buy being there is a shelf life on this product. It goes bad in a couple of years but it is worth its weight in gold as far as fixing many things. Fixed a expensive Car Cover that was ripped on a Corvette. Didn't want to buy another. Used this Tear Mender product with a piece of Scrap Blue Jeans material from a old pair of jeans as a back up to put the ripped piece back together with Tear Mender. Worked out perfectly and I continue to use the car cover. This will work with just about any material including leather. I recommend it. Back to the above when I said this is probably the best size bottle to buy. I had a bottle twice the size and never got to use it all and after a couple to a few years half of the bottle became a solid piece of rubber. Always make sure you put the lid back on ASAP after using it.
Good stuff. Bonds very good. I would definitely buy it again.
"Messy to use, though effective for fiber materials"
Sloppy to apply I would suggest a q tip.  Works awesome though.
Great for repairing tears in upholstery.
Doesn't hold as well as I expected
Used in conjunction with iron on patches and was able to repair ripped jeans.
"I got this to keep a small tear in my jeans from getting bigger over time, thinking that a product called ""Tear Mender"" would be perfect for that job.  Nope, DO NOT use this on the external side of fabric.  It's just fabric glue and it is not clear.  It will leave a slightly brown and shiny look when it dries and will draw attention to a mended tear instead of hiding it.  On the plus side, the glue itself is good and I'm sure it would be great for joining fabrics, adding patches or decals, etc.

For those like me who need to remove this, the only way I was able to get some of it off was by soaking the spot I glued in boiling water and then trying to carefully pull off the glue with tweezers.  There's still some left that I don't think will ever come off, though, so be careful when you use this."
Completely solidified and unusable.
Doesn't work on leather. If it can't soak into the material then it doesn't hold.
"This product is very runny, as I found to my cost when I tried to apply a couple of drops to a tear. A puddle of latex splonged out of the tip (that's a highly technical term, obviously) in a nano-second, despite me actually being very careful. Wiping it off a dark synthetic material? Let's just say that it left a suspicious looking white-ish stain that now requires covering!

Apply some to your finger and then dab your finger onto the fabric!"
"The best stuff, can't beat it."
"The Tear Mender repaired a broken leather part on my Sorrel boots. The repair is ""holding"", so far."
It's the bomb.
I like it
Watery and useless.
"This product is amazing.  I previously bought another fabic glue and it was a flop.  This tear mender glue works immediately, so don't put too much and make sure whatever fabric you're gluing is aligned before gluing it together."
"Did not work at all. I had a really small split in the leather seat of my car. Tried this to keep the leather from lifting up. Unfortunately, it didn't even hold at all. Waste of time."
It's not strong enough to hold fabric together... I put the glue on then I had to sew it
"I use this stuff alot for any type of hole, a iron worker showed me this stuff years ago on the job sight for some of his clothes that he ripped and he gave me a bottle and it is great stuff"
Works!
"Good product, holding up well.  I used it to glue back upholstery trim on the back of an antique sofa that my kitty had found attractive, pawing it loose."
Better than anything I've tried
"Very impressed. Used on my work pants, and Gore-Tex rain gear. Dried clear, and looks like both small holes won't be a problem any longer."
"Used this to repair broken coat hanging loop on collar of winter jacket. (Thought it would fail right away.) Was wrong; applied a decent dose of it, let it dry overnight and loop reattached!"
Glue is very liquid like (not thick like Elmers) but it does the job. It repairs tears well and dries quickly. Best part is that you just rub excess off no need to worry about fingers sticking together like with epoxy.
Worked great with a small tear on a leather chair
"This stuff really works.  I was skeptical, but I used it to fix a strap on a cami top and it worked well and quickly!"
Fixed cut in my leather jacket perfectly.
I bought it to use with leather. It did not work at all!
"LOVE Tear Mender!!  Have glued, rather than sewn, for years, but discovered Tear Mender three or so years ago, and it is the best for most all applications.  I have insulated pants that are at least 10 years old, and are now mostly glued-on patches, but still fine to wear in cold weather because of Tear Mender!!  Also glue insoles into boots, etc.  Tons of uses!

Thanks!"
Thanks so far working great.
This is a good glue for mending a tear in fabric but not for attaching things like trim.
HATE HATE IT IT IS REALLY OLD AND WONT HOLD  AND IT IS LIKE WATER WORST PRODUCT I HAVE EVER USED OR BOUGHT
S*** works great. Id give it yo my kids for art class!
Works
"This glue is VERY watery. And it dries very quickly so if you spill to a unwanted area you pretty much have no time to clean it up before it dries. But, it holds very well, it's just really messy because it's so watery."
works great on cloths
Tear mender is perfect for repairing horse blankets
Twice I ordered this product and twice it came completely hard!  The glue appears to be old.
worked better thane expected on my leather couch - leaves a residue but not terribly noticeable
"I originally got this to mend some clothes but ended up using it for costumes instead. It's ok, but extremely messy and obviously you will want to avoid getting it on your clothes. I used it for leather and fur. It fixes well fabric to fabric but not as well fabric to plastic. Also, you must hold it down for awhile while it dries. I would only recommend for small fixes and be very careful."
Ordered this product and had it replaced three times. same issue each time. Completely unusable and seized in the bottle.
very thin  like elders glue  would not recomend
I used this to glue a patch on my car and the patch is holding well.
Works as advertise highly recommend
"I have a big tear in the seat of a leather sofa and it worked ok, but peels off and rubs off pretty quickly."
"Really disappointing that the glue was dried to a rubbery blob inside the bottle. My son was eagerly waiting for me to fix the school patch on his jacket, and then this blob arrived."
I bought as a gift. If it works like it says this should be great for families with children
"Great arrival time and well packaged.  This product mends fabrics well. However, I have only used it on my scrubs. I do not recommend using it on white clothes.  The seam of my white scrubs turns a light yellow color.  After washing the seams stayed intact."
Works great. Dogs chewed a small hole in the couch back. I glued it together with the tear mended. Awesome.
Not a super fix anything type stuff but it does reasonably well if you work it.
Awesome stuff
I used this on a large triangular tear and it worked quite well to my surprise. It's an old lambskin I just wanted to make more presentable. I used a backside patch as well.
I bought this for my daughter after first testing it out myself. With debilitating arthritis it is becoming increasingly more difficult to hand sew items that need to be mended or hemmed. I followed the directions and this has worked out well for both of us. My daughter no longer needs to wait for a visit to get her items repaired.
I bought this when it first came out and fell in love with it ever since. It's great for working cloth on cloth and leather too. You do it the same way as if your doing contact cementing by putting on both sides you want to cement together and let dry.
"It worked on fabric, but it bled through the material. Use as little as possible. On leather it doesn't hold in cracks. Works well with plastic/rubber type soles like chuck taylors. Can't be used to fill in cracks, it doesn't bond to other materials."
DID NOT WORK
Works great on ski gloves.
It worked pretty well to mend a tear in my seat.  Can't give it five stars though. Decent
Love this stuff. Use it to patch all my jeans for work. Patches do NOT come off (even through rugged activities) and rhe glue is fire retardant (doesn't catch flame or burn) so it's even good to hem pants or tame frays.
This glue really worked well. My couch was ripping along the seam and a little of this glue fix it. Its been a few weeks and has still not separated again.
So far I've only used it to stitch clothing instead of having to sew.  I'm sure it will work as well as a tear mender too.
works good
"I had a tear, I bought this tear mender - problem solved.  What else is there to say?"
"Good for something not used often, but I suggest not using on furniture used regularly. Doesn't have strong hold."
Works great for mending minor shoe issues and water proofing seams.
Glue sticks fast!
"Used it to glue a leather patch over the hole the dog made in the couch.  No complaints, the patch looks better than the rest of the couch."
"Had a bottle of this ages ago and nothing I've tried since has matched this for strength of bonding.  Just used it on a hole in the Sherpa portion of a dog bed that my guys have begun pulling out the stuffing.  Applied this, put some wax paper over it and put a heavy box on it and no more stuffing all over the room.  Not real pretty but it works.

One thing that this was terrific for was patching the back pockets of my husband's jeans.  I don't know how he kept doing it but they were constantly getting torn at the upper corners.  A little fabric on the inside, a little of this and a little pressure and they were good as new.  He also didn't like that pocket on the upper left side of some shirts.  He said it gaped and he didn't like that so I would use a little of this to close it up and he was happy."
I used this to glue detached waterproof fabric on my Columbia ski jacket. I don't know how it will hold after a wash but so far so good. It sealed fast and didn't harden the area around the seal. Very pliable.
"When I opened the bottle, there was a tablespoon on gunked up glue in the opening.  When I  removed the plug and shook it (as directed)..it never mixed.  It was like white water which would not bond with anything.  I assume that it was a very old bottle that should never have been sold.  Very poor product."
good stuff
Excellent product!! It worked well in repairing upholstered sectional furniture. Very pleased with results.
vg
THE TEAR MENDER IS A SOLID MESS!  TOTALLY UNUSABLE.  I AM SO ANGRY.  THIS STUFF IS EXPENSIVE.
"This stuff is great! Had a bunch of baseball caps that had come undone at brim. A dab of this stuff and a little pressure, just like new without any mess."
This didn't work at all. I bought it to fix a tear on my leather couch and all it did was gets really sticky and peel off. It's the worst.
Highly Recommend
"Do not use this on Lularoe leggings! It seemed to eat away at the fabric and made the holes I was trying to mend BIGGER! Maybe it works on other things, but sad it's ruining my leggings more."
Worked well to attach a patch to a coat.
"Great product, great price, would definitely buy again and would recommend to others."
This stuff worked very well on my bonded leather couch that was peeling. Just had to be careful to not use too much. Great product!!
"We have a chair from IKEA that I accidentally slit with a box cutter breaking down boxes, a nice clean cut. I bought this to repair the slit. It IS latex based, so for people with allergies beware if you're placing this on anything that might touch skin. That being said, while this did ""mend"" the cut, it didn't make it disappear as I was naively expecting. I've seen other repair kits that almost work like nail polish to fill in gaps. Had I had any nail polish in the color of the chair I think that would have been the best route.

If it were a tear I think this might have worked better, but the slit is more visible because this stuff dries white. Furthermore, because of the type of leather that the chair is, this adhesive bonded to the backing created a dimpled, solid patch where the slit is, so it's more visible than the slit was initially. It doesn't bend like leather anymore either in that spot. Now it feels like a hard patch. Overall I'm not impressed, but then again I did slip and stab a leather chair with a box cutter."
"I was using the tear mender as a leather glue (which is included on the label as a proper use) so that I could hold all of the various leather layers and pieces in place while I drilled holes for some rivets. In this instance the glue ""hold: was not quite adequate for the drilling process and I had to add a few clamps to assist the tear mender hold the leather in place."
"Bought it to help my Yorkie's ears stand up.  Was easy and worked great.  Oh also repaired a tear in my jeans, worked great for that to."
This stuff is amazing. Liquid rubber. Works great for mending pockets on the fly and many other applications.
Seems a bit watery.  But I will still use it.
good price!
super helpful
Not what I hoped for
"Love this stuff!  I already fixed a broken belt loop and a small seam.

Remember to read and follow the directions!"
Works wonderfully!
"Was asked by a sewing customer to repair several moth holes in a man's wool suit. I followed the instructions and it worked great. In fact, when the client picked up the suit, they couldn't find where the holes had been. I'm happy. But more importantly, my customer was happy."
It didn't work like I thought it would but that is probably because of where I used it.  Hopefully I will be able to use it again for a future repair.
Works as described. Best one I've used yet.
"Upon receiving this highly rated product, I used it right away for an embroidered patch on a soft-shell jacket.  Left it to dry for couple hours but the patch simply came off with a rubbery residue peeling off between it and the jacket.

Had two small pieces of floating devices covered in vinyl.  Tried to bond them together using this product and a pair of clamps to put pressure on them overnight.  To my disappointment, I discovered that it did nothing but create a peeling rubber film between them.

Finally, I tried to mend a small tear on my car's leather seat with a synthetic leather patch using this product.  Just like in my previous attempts both surfaces were cleaned and dried for optimum result.  Yet again, I found that it adheres to nothing whether it has been left to cure for an hour or an entire day.

So far I still haven't found anything that this ""adhesive"" would mend together."
"Do not recommend. Tried this on a leather couch which had a rip. Glue is not only watery, so difficult to hold leathers together, it also has a weak hold. I'd recommend a thicker glue with a harder hold like shoo goo or something similar. Will not purchase again."
works great
Easy to use and worked great on knee and pocket holes in jeans. Product has also held up in the wash.
The product came on time and as described. I am glad I bought this!  I always research before I buy and this was a good deal.
I put it on the hem of my pants and it left dark spots
Great stuff!!
Great.. It did exactly what we wanted
Really watery/runny and messy to work with.
Works well
Okay
Works ok but does not dry in 3 minutes
"I like to use this for items made from cloth or leather.  Holds well so far, even on shoes.  The only thing I've noticed is that you need to use the entire bottle within 6 months or it will cure in the bottle."
Well sure it works but....it doesn't dry clear and feels like rubber on clothes. I'll include a picture of a spot I filed on a bra. This was after 24 hours of dry time. I used a chip clip on the area to secure the two parts together because the glue alone wasn't holding it together. Technically the glue worked BUT I'd advise not using it anywhere on clothes that you can see since it won't dry clear. I came back and changed my review to one star because I hate this stuff! I tried it again on two different fabric and it dried white on my navy blue shirt! Super annoying.  I would definitely not recommend this brand to anyone.
Does not work well on my leather chairs where my cat has scratched.
I had a few tears on my leather car seats.  I used a light coat of the Tear Mender and then stuck a piece of the MastaPlasta on it and fit well and looks good.
Leave a film like glue on the product
Worked okay on fixing the tear in our leather couch.
What we needed for Naugahyde repair
"im not sure what you're wanting this for, or how aesthetically pleasing you want the final product....but for my purposes this cloth glue out-performed my expectations. For some reason i put holes in my socks unusually quickly, and i was sick of seeing socks i liked going in the trash so soon. I thought it would be funny to see if i could save them and try out a new product. The glue comes out like elmers white glue, but is soon tacky like rubber cement. starts drying in 20 seconds or so, but slowly dries over a few minutes. soaking the edges of the hole or tear, you hold it together until tacky. then its easier to work with and finess the mend. after a white the glue sets and fixes the hole. at first its white all around the hole but after fully drying its clear. is it a perfect aesthetic fix? no...but would you have to look for it? yes. does it hold extremely well and fix the hole? absolutely. In just a month i've saved 6 pairs of socks. im sure it'll come in handy with other stuff too. i definitely recommend it."
Works great
"mostly it glued  my fingers together , even with instruction it was difficult to apply properly...."
This is a must-have for any crafty person.
Good stuff!  Really is waterproof once applied!
"Impressive adhesive. Dries lightening speed fast and that's perfect for some projects. It's very thin so you can't disperse directly from the bottle. Also heads up, dries a yellowish color."
Very white and come right through the material.  On leather underneath if you had a Patch would probably work ok.
Just purchased last week.  tried to use it the first time today and only bubbles came out. Tried to shake and stir contents but glue was totally congealed already and is completely unusable.
Tried with leather worked very well.
Best stuff for glueing fabrics together. Doesn't work very well with anything very slick.
"I used it on school uniform pants for 7 year old. Glue dries out as promised in 5 minutes. No residue, still stays put after 10 washes. I folded pants in about three inches and glued inside the rim because they were too long. It looks just like if I would take it to be hemmed."
working fine
Works like it suppose to
"Awesome stuff right here! I have an antique chair that the upolstry was basically falling off of...a few squirts of the tear mender and my chair looks good as new! I would highly recommend this product, you will not be disapointed!"
Worked great to make a leather repair.
I bought this because I had a few paris of pants that the pocket was starting to peal away from the ass. It left a gooy mess on my pants and didn't hold very well
This stuff works miracles! My wife and I have repaired a ton of holes in our clothing from the washer. dries fairly quick and you can't tell when fixed (if you fix it right)
Fixed my $300 tom ford wallet that I love!
Good stuff.
"Not very strong, but works for some applications."
Very good product!
So far I have used it on a tear on my leather jacket and on my leather gloves where the stitching was coming loose. It very well on both!! Great product!
"works great, fast shipment"
I use this all of the time Great product
Worked well
A little thinner than expected but otherwise good.
works fine
not what I hoped
I used it to patch my car cover. It did not stand the sun and rain.
I have used this product in the past and it works great.
This works as advertised.
not as good as advertised
Ok what is expected for price
"I have tried this product and I do not like it.  Ruined two patches, and didn't work on the fabric like it said it would."
"I have 3 kids, one of which does back flips on the couch. Hence the 7in tear in the leather at the seam. I used this, and here, 2 weeks later, and about 50 back flips later, still holding strong. Great. Very Happy."
"Very disappointed.  Making Roman shades, this stuff bleeds through fabric and expensive blackout material.  Didn't say that at Sailrite.  It dries on in a tan, amber hue.  When the sunlight hits, the amber really comes through. The fabric was one of a kind and have not been able to find the same material.  Perhaps I should have tested it on a spot of remnant first. Won't buy again."
"Furniture wear and tare fix, not classy but works."
Works great
"At first you will think how in the world will this watery glue do anything so different.  But after you apply it to both sides of the fabric it really done make a nice contact. It uses a silicone type seal, they say it contains latex, But it ready does seem like it is going to do the job. I will revisit this in a few weeks to a month and let you know if it really does work. I will put it to the test. But so far it seem like it will be the best thing I have seen. Really you should tried some. You won't believe it at first. I didn't but it really does, honest."
Works great on my furniture
"I've used it once and it works very well, Caution, it is very watery, I spilled it all over my jacket when fixing the zipper, washed it off with cold water and it was fine."
"I don't love it, but I suppose it has a function, just not for what I needed it for. The product got gummy once applied and then rubbed off. Not what I was looking for."
Works as expected
Works as stated.
Really runny even after shaking bottle.
worked really well to re-attach the velcro strip on our dog's winter coat :P
"This is a great product.  I used it to mend a chair, repair a leather tear and even hemmed some jeans.  It holds even through washing."
I tried this on my couch. It ruined it.
Worked beautifully for my leather jacket!
Worked in a jiffy to mend a tear in my nephew's pants! Don't over apply! A little goes a long way.
"I works only problem like everyone said glue goes everywhere so you really have too be gentle when applying, The best to apply this is using cotton swabs just apply enough on material use a swab and  gently apply and let dry for 5 minutes and your good too go."
"Works great on leather, but haven't had any luck with faux leather. Very runny, a little goes a long way."
Great item and fast shipping
Still remains pliable but the rip on my car seat is in an area that does not have a person directly on it. Hard to say how it will hold up with an adult sitting on the mended area.
can't get the leather to stay glued...Works ok on denim...
good value
actually works well.
I bought this to repair a tear in a pleather couch on the seem. I followed the directions and it didn't stay together. I tried several times to hold the seems together with pressure. No luck.
"Wasn't sure I would need this, but as soon as I got it I needed to mend a big fabric box and it worked great.  Very pleased with the product.  It's easy to use and you don't get it all over the place or your fingers stuck together like some glues!"
"i try something like this before, and i really like it, even when i washed it, like clothing."
"Worked really well. I watched a You Tube video on how to repair a cut in a leather jacket. I bought the patch along with this and it worked virtually the same as the video. I managed to save a jacket. Not sure how long the repair will last, but certainly satisfied."
Amazing and versatile fabric adhesive.
This stuff is great. Works like having a sewing machine where you can't plug one up. Life saver.
"I use this to replace the soles of my wool slippers.  It stays and is flexible, extending the lifespan of my favorite slippers.  Next I am going to mend some tears skipping the sewing machine, very handy on tight spaces that makes machine work difficult."
Really works
"There are many products out nowadays for fixing tears on fabric, but this less-well-known product has been around a longer time than almost any, and for a reason: it works. It was recommended by a neighbor who's been using it a long time, and it was recommended years ago to him by a professional. That was good enough for me to try it. It did not disappoint."
Very easy to use. Just remember to pore out a small amount at a time and spread it slowly with your finger.
It's ok.  Very runny. Not great for a tear in leather.  This won't hold up on seats.  It dries with the strength and texture of rubber cement but is way thinner when applying.
Use this for gluing Shepherd pups ears up.
I used it on a pocket that ripped on my duck hunting jacket. The rip was frayed so there was no sewing it back together. This worked very well so far and I was impressed. I used a little too much and it looks like globs were left on it but I'm not as worried about how it looks and more about the pocket being fixed. I would recommend if you are using on something where the appearance matters to use a little at first and use more later on it if necessary.
"Very easy to use and works very well.  I highly recommend this product.  Worked great for me on leather, imitation leather, jean material and other fabrics."
Easy to use and works greats. Bought an upholstery repair kit from Auto Zone for much more money and returned it because this product works so good
good
"I had a small rip in my snowpants and wasn't sure what the best way to fix it was.  I found Tear Mender on Amazon and decided to try it due to the reviews.  It is thin so you don't want to overdo how much you use.  I applied it under the tear and it appeared to make an instant bond to seal the tear.  The tear is now barely noticeable and is fully sealed.  I was very pleasantly surprised how well this works.  Since this stuff does bond really quickly, you want to make sure none drips on your clothes and that you have a tissue to wipe off excess readily available before using."
"Its to thin, its white and it glues poorly."
"Read the instructions carefully.  It didn't mend my sheets like I'd hoped and I'll have to ""sandwich"" the ripped part between 2 other strips of cloth.  Not worth it, so I'll ditch the sheets."
"This stuff is GREAT!
My husband had asked me to mend a hole in his jeans pocket where he'd worn it through.
My sewing machine can't handle denim, and I'm not sure I had the skills to make a patch that he'd be willing to wear out of the house!

So, I ordered some of this to try it out.
It cannot be easier - just watch the video the product mfg provides. You just shake it well, spread it on both pieces of fabric if it is thick (like jeans), or just one side for thinner fabric. Put them together, and magic happens - it makes a bond that is just as strong as anything you could possibly do.

I ended up cutting a patch out of other old jeans that was slightly smaller than his pocket, and gluing it INSIDE the pocket.
Yes, you can see the frayed hole, but the pocket is back to better-than-original condition for holding his stuff (ranges from billfold to tools to phone).
He liked it so much he asked that I line the pockets of his other work jeans too, before they wore through, because the pocket was so much stronger.

I love this stuff, and will always have it around. Not sure how long a bottle will last after it is opened, but well worth the cost.
Note for allergy sufferers:  I did have to be careful. After the first pocket, I was reading the ingredients better to see if I could glue a cardboard leg back on a cat toy. It has latex in it!  I use gloves now when working with it, as I am allergic to latex. (Yes, I was itchy as all get out last time I used it, but never associated it with the glue.)  And hint - on the cat bed, I decided to try using a piece of FABRIC between the leg and the bed (one of those cardboard scratcher round beds) - worked like a charm! The leg is back on, strong as ever, and the fabric bonded to the cardboard with this product. It just wouldn't bond cardboard-to-cardboard.  I've also used it on ribbons to fabric, and that works great as well."
"My faux leather purse had a tear in the decoration on the front, and this did absolutely nothing. It left white, sticky marks and when I rubbed it off, there were shiny spots on the purse where the glue had been. It pretty much made it worse. I threw the purse away."
"I have a hiking backpack made out of some sort of ripstop fabric. When I bought it, it had a major structural tear to the degree it wasn't usable. I thought maybe this product could patch it up enough to be serviceable. I was wrong. First, the liquid is more of the consistency of milk than glue so it went EVERYWHERE. My pack has drops and drips all over it now.  Second, I glued the area back and used clamps to keep it pinched closed for about twenty minutes (instructions say three minutes). I removed the clamps and there was zero adherence. Would not use again...luckily it was cheap."
So runny. We tried to use it and the product ran everywhere. The bond did not work there were plastic looking strands partially connected. We held it and let sit for 2 hours per directions. It has the appearance of watery school glue.
Tricked my ex girlfriend into thinking they were eye drops.
Good results so far
Handy stuff to keep around. Never know when you will need it.
it does what it says it does. you don't need much so a medium size bottle will last a long time.
"I sew and craft quite a bit and use different adhesives for different projects.  Tear mender is a great product for use in fabrics and leather where a waterproof mend is needed. I repaired a very expensive mountain climbing shell (jacket).  The seam was ripped, after stitching it closed I put tear mender on the threads and sealed the seam closed, then I glued down the tape that covered the seam. Made the shell water and windproof again which is extremely important for winter mountain climbing. I use this product on leather and canvas repair."
"I have been using it for years. One secret is to put a little in a container (dish) and let it sit for a minute or 2 and then use it. I have had bottles last for years, because I do not cut tip off and use saran wrap then put top on."
Used on leather sofa and lasted for a month then it ripped open again... I might try a patch and the adhesive next.
"Great Product, Great Price, Great Customer Service, Great Delivery Time"
It worked pretty good but was real watery and messy. I don't think I would purchase it again.
Does not hold upholstery together as advertised. Area still tacky to the touch 3 days later. Will be returning.
Would not adhere to thin leather on Honda armwrest.  Does dry and rub off hands as advertised. May work on other less challenging repairs
Works very well! Tried on workout shirt with a tear. Left a mark  where tear is. Like a wet stain. Won't be throwing it away anymore. Not sure how other repairs will work.
"Amazing product!  Stopped my tears instantly, although it did take a while to get my eyelids open again."
"This stuff dries to a translucent flexible film.  If you apply lightly, it will dry in 10-15 minutes, heavy will be an hour or so."
"I was specifically looking for something that would stick leather to leather.  The description said it worked for leather, but I followed the instructions and it did not work.  I am still looking for something that will glue thick leather together because it is too thick to stitch.  I'm not sure about other surfaces - I haven't tried it on anything else yet."
It works as advertised. I was able to fix my ripped car leather seat for less than $9.
This product really works great. I had couch that was worn along the seam line and I had tried to hand sew it but the patch would only hold for a couple of weeks. Tear mender gave the fabric that extra strengthen hold together.
I rely on this more than I thought I would for everything from repairing outdoor furniture upholstery to patching up a tear in my daughter pants. It's easy to use and dries fast (but not too fast).
just as described
Really works just as claimed.
"I'm a welder that repairs power plants, steel mills, paper mills, and the like. Plus some side work at home. So my clothes wear out quickly, and usually have tears and burn holes within a few weeks of wear. This stuff works great for patching. When I get a hole I just glue a patch on top and continue on until the rest of the article is actually worn out. It holds up extremely well. For smaller tears I've had luck just putting some glue where the tear is and pressing it back together without using a patch piece at all.

That said, this is glue. It's going to show a little color, and it's going to bleed through the fabric a bit. Don't expect it to replace a sewing machine on expensive repairs."
So so  okay
"Tried this product after Johnson & Johnson's ""No More Tears"" only made my child cry more. Total failure. After using it to stop my child from crying his eyes are now stuck shut."
Mended our couch great just what we needed :)
"I used this product to glue a leather patch onto my office chair. It holds the patch well, but you need to make sure you cover the entire area. It dries quickly. I did not use it to mend tears."
I couldn't stop crying so I bought this as a last resort. To my surprise it really worked! Just one drop was all I needed. Thanks bish!
Okay but a little runny
A perfect gift for Hillary Clinton supporters.  Stops salty tears in their tracks.
The Best Product
"In desperation, I tried it on a sail. Amazingly, it worked."
"This is not solved the tear in our couch, had to just buy a new couch."
"OMG. This is without a doubt , one of the most amazing products ever invented. I still cannot believe my eyes. I hate trying to sew, although I can do it barely. I hate even more being ripped off, at some dry cleaners, or tayllor shop, because my pants leg hem unstitched. Guys and ladies know how much theese crooks charge to sew your hem back. So I see this product on Amazon, read some of the reviews , and order it to jokingly to hem my Jeans. Yes thick denim blue jeans. Wash after wash after wash. Still holding. Those silly little holding strips on the back of your tie. Works wonders. This stuff glues any fabric PERMANENTLY. Im in total disbelief!!  And NO im not getting paid to endorse this product, just Had to share my thoughts with you all."
It's sticky!
"Holds really well, I've been using it for my English Bulldog puppies ears. Just a dab on the back of their ears to fold them in the correct position, doesn't hurt and comes off as they shed their fur naturally."
works as described ...  wear gloves and be generous and quick with application .
This is the best product for quick and permanent fabric repairs.
:)
Its ok. I guess. It won't work on a leather strap. It has no color. Like watered down elmers glue?
"This stuff really works with 5 minutes a year is bonded together, great stuff!"
arrived dried out
GREAT STUFF  easy to use  non toxic
This glue repairs not bad. I saw in youtube and did the same way to fix my sofa. Love it
"Product received quickly, packaged well. I immediately tried the tear mender on the leather strip I also ordered and had no luck. The leather strip would not adhere with this glue. Even with a few tries, nothing. I am disappointed."
Worked as described.i was pleased with the results
"I have used it a few times now  for many things, mostly all cotton. It works like a charm for tiny mending, without sewing.  It is a substantial sized bottle, and I keep it closed to lengthen the life of the product. I shake before use, dip in a thin stick, apply it to the surfaces, press, wait, and presto fix!  It arrived right away. Does just as advertised."
"Powerful stuff, Only complaint is that it bleeds through.  its runny so if fabric is not real thick, you can notice the glue from reverse side."
worked great to mend a cut in my leather couch
"My son's friend attacked my couch with nail scissors one day, and instead of buying a new leather couch, I bought this bottle. It was simple and effective, if a little messy. I just pured a bit on the holes and the next day, I wiped away the residue thinking it hadnt worked, but the holes are still closed 5 months later. It also saved a leather jacket that had a torn seam."
This did not work as expected. Disappointed - it was very runny not thick so it might have had something wrong with it. I used it for a flip flop and it didn't hold and I also tried it on a tear on a dress and it didn't hold.
"This is simply liquid latex rubber that someone decided is a good fabric mender. It is, but it's tricky: It'll seep through most fabrics and be visible and rubbery on both sides. Not comfortable in large patches on clothing, but if you use it on seams and hidden areas, it will glue fabrics quite well. Don't spill a stray drop because it attaches immediately."
Strong hold.
"This stuff's pretty amazing. I've only used it for patching jeans so far but I'll be thinking of other mending uses for it! Super easy to use. Cleans up with soap and water until it's cured. It REALLY holds up, wash after wash. The patches wear out before there's ever any sign of this stuff letting go! Who needs a sewing machine to patch clothes? Not I, with my Tear Mender in hand!"
it's good but not for leather.
Great Iteam 
works like magic
"Does not work for 12"" leather couch patch. Use shoe goo glue."
Really worked on my 30ish year old awning -seam area came apart- it rained hard and the seams stayed together.
Worked as described
So far so good.
Works great and is as advertised.  I have tried it on all sorts of fabrics and it's great.
This tear mender is amazing! I've fixed so many things with it. Be sure to read the instructions and throughly shake the bottle.
It really works
Thought it was supposed to dry clear...it didn't.
excellent service and price
I used this product to repair my Zipper on a SCHOTT B3 Bomber Jacket. At the Start End of the Zipper the Material Ripped so I took a piece of Black Jean Repair Patch Cut it and Used Tear Mender to Connect the Two Pieces together. Holds Very Strong.
"I have hemmed several work pant cuffs, after a year they are still holding."
Not a big fan.  It dries brownish orange.  I used it to make Blinds for my sister-in-law.
"My husband asked me to get this for him.  He is a construction worker, who is constantly tearing holes in his jeans.  I read the reviews, then questioned him to make sure this is what he wanted.  He told me that he has used it before, it works, so he wanted some more.  Again, I was skeptical, but purchased it anyways.  When this stuff arrived in the mail, I got his jeans with the holes in them ready to fix.  I read the directions, pretty basic.  First, shake the bottle to mix it up.  Next, apply the tear mender on the patch.  It also states that if it is a difficult tear, then you can apply the tear mender on both the patch and around the tear.  Last, let it dry for 3 minutes.  Pretty basic directions, so I was ready to give it a try.  Shook the bottle up.  I then decided that all of his tears looked pretty bad, so I thought it was best to apply the tear mender on both the patch and around the tears.  I was surprised at how runny the tear mender is.  I figured that it would be thick, like glue, but it is not.  It is very easy to apply, almost to the point of messy, since it sometimes comes out faster than expected.  I applied it first to the patch, then around the tear.  I used my fingers to make sure that the patch was glued completely around all of the edges.  If it got on my fingers, I didn't need to worry, as it pretty much just rubs right off.  I then just needed to wait.  The tear mender worked perfectly!  All of his patches stuck without problems.  My husband and I were both very pleased with how well it worked.  My husband wanted me to purchase two bottles, but I purchased only one (since I wasn't sure how well it would work).  I was able to repair five huge tears, in three pairs of jeans, with more than half a bottle of tear mender left for future tears."
not working
"Kinda works...Is messy to use, and even after it's dry it remains rubbery and sticky. I don't see how people use this to mend jeans or clothes without having marks and stains."
glue shows through fabric when used
"Works great. However I was not expecting it to be so thin, but I think that is how it works so well it get into all fibers."
o.k.
"This adhesive surprisingly did not work on any of the fabrics which I tried to use it on and it left a milky white residue on on of the fabrics. The residue leaked across the fabric despite careful application and it stained the fabric. This is listed as a #1 bestseller on Amazon, so I was shocked that this glue failed so horribly. I will not purchase this product again and I do not recommend it to other shoppers."
The money spent on this saved me from spending $60-$90 on replacing a pair of shoes with a ripped seem near the toes. The repair isn't even able to be noticed.
Ok
"There is not as strong of a bond on some materials. It tells you this in the instructions but doesn't mention it in the item description. It is still a very unique product though, and Amazon's price is great."
"Worked as expected, but shelf life is low and the bond is not strong enough for a wide variety of leather mending."
very good
Great product
Works great
Came together OK but the seems where the tear was still heavily showed.
Worked great on a hole in leather chair.
Thank you for my order for Tear Mender....this is a great product.
works well
Worked well
Best glue ever!!
Good product...
The liquid left a hard whitish substance on the material which did seem to fade as it dried.  Did not mend my blouse.
"This stuff is magic!!!! I fixed 4 pairs of my boyfriends jeans in about 15 minutes! It dries fast, no mess and holds perfectly after washing! Definitely buying it again!"
"The leather on the ends of my Stressless chair had cracked after 23 years of use. I applied a small amount of the tear mender to both sides of the tear, pulled the leather together and applied tape so that the mend would hold until the adhesive and set up. I removed the tape on the following day and the repair has held for two months and the repair is hardly noticeable."
good stuff
Wasn't that impressed.  Took a while to dry and was fairly messy when I tried to repair a tear in a couch.  Maybe it'll do better in a different situation.
"Great product, easy to apply and I have already mended couple of jeans and shoes."
Great product. Great for canvas patching.
This works wonders on patching my husbands work pants.. They always get holes in the knees and I cut a patch and then glue it instead of sewing...much easier then trying to sew thru his thick car hart pants!! Great product! Try it..you will like it!
"Repair your vintage pop-up tent trailer canvas in minutes!  Had originally purchased this to repair a little tear in a vintage vinyl ottoman. It worked wonderfully for that. Had a bunch left over that set on the shelf for quite a while. Then we got our vintage pop-up tent trailer. It had giant tears in the canvas, and I wasn't about to go and spend $900 for a new canvas on a trailer that I only spent that much money on to buy!  Tear mender to the rescue!  I went to the local fabric store and picked up some duck canvas in a matching shade, and created large patches to cover the entire sections that the tears were, and just used a bead of this magical stuff around the perimeter of the whole, and then matched it  with a patch that I rolled the corners over on  to hide the cut edge,  and it looked beautiful. You couldn't even tell that I had made a repair from the outside. Using a larger patch to cover the whole section really gave it a more finished look, and this stuff dried so quickly and wonderfully that it only took minutes."
"Doesn't work for my purposes.  Tried to fasten non-porous and porous (cloth) together.  After it dried, it slipped right off!"
Patched a torn leather car seat using this and a fabric backing for a glue-to binder. Hold was extremely strong once dried. I was actually pretty surprised.
"This stuff is great, especially for fabric. Quick dry!"
This product is effective.
"Definitely repairs tears, but very watery and hard to control where it goes. If excess gets on fabric, it's really difficult to get out and leaves an obvious residue behind."
Did not hold patch on jeans
"Worked like a charm on my damaged Nissan Murano leather seat, where a flap of leather was hanging from a sharp edge scraping the seat.  No nasty chemicals to worry about getting on your hands, no offensive smell."
Amazing stuff
Yup
"Very strong bond, repaired complicated 10 inch tear in my old car."
Good product
"Not a very good adhesive, after drying it is just a kinda sticky pile that has no real strength to it"
Worked good to repair a puncture in our cars leather seat I slipped a small peace of vinyl in to the hole as a backing and then put the glue trough the hole and onto the backer.  It has held for several months now and no sign of it coming lose. It was very runny which made it harder to control but it did the job and did it well. A little of the glue was on the surface of the leather but rolled off with my finger after it dried.
So far it works amazing and easy to use.
Best stuff on the market for leather mending!!!
Love it.  keep in fridge...it will last longer.  great on buttons that keep popping.
"Bought this to fix a small tear on my leather car seat and it didn't work. It came undone immediately, even with holding it down and applying with a q-tip.

I ended up using Krazy Glue in the end and it stuck.

Oh well. Maybe this works better on other substrates."
"I tried to this repair a small tear in a purse but it's not strong enough to keep it together during use. Also it dries whitish, not clear."
Does exactly what it claims to do.
I am so impressed with this product.
Arrived quickly in  the mail.  This is a great adhesive for cloth.
Buyer beware this does not work with leather. Waste of money.
"Tried this for my cracking vinyl motorcycle seat.  It was difficult to work with, coming out more like a semi-solid rubber, than a gel or liquid.  Once it dried, it dried white/semi-opaque.  It looked a lot like traditional Elmer's-type craft glue.  I tried to blend it with a black marker but the ink didn't adhere.  Now, three months later the cracks are open again and they have increased in size. It might have uses but repairing cracks in vinyl motorcycle seats to keep them from enlarging is definitely not one of them."
Works great. It is a bit runny so be careful. Fries quickly too
Used this to glue an underlay to a hole on my SUV seat. Did a good job.
Not really worked on leather chair. Dries and comes off.  May do better on fabrics.
Based on the commercials and everything I've heard about this product I thought it would work. I used it on my car seat to try and repair a tear in the fabric and it did not work and just made a mess of my seat. The reason for the two stars is because that is the only thing I have used it on and have not tried it on anything else.
This stuff is crazy it actually works we purchased a very nice couch that was from a lady who used the couch only in a show room so we got a great deal on it however it must be older as some of the fabric has just started to randomly tear for  seemingly no reason so we purchased this to stop it from ripping further and to our disbelief it actually worked the only downside is the sofa is very light in color and it did leave a little bit of a yellowing on it
Doesn't work for very long. I've already had to reglue several times in the last five months.
"Does NOT dry clearly. Rubbed off of both items I tried to repair, one was leather and the other was a small rip in a winter coat."
This becomes stringy and become an awful color. Huge disappointment.
Works great
"I used it , it works, it last."
The glue works as advertised.
"Tear Mender is a very good product.  It adheres very well to natural fabrics like cotton. It is a bit thin, which can make it messy to apply and can make it absorb a bit too readily into cloth, but it cleans up easily and can be rubbed off hard surfaces, much like rubber cement can. I recommend placing a piece of aluminum foil under the cloth because it will leach through, work on a firm surface, and use an ink brayer (ex:<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Speedball-Deluxe-4-Inch-Hard-Rubber-Brayer/dp/B000BYVMFC/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Speedball Deluxe 4-Inch Hard Rubber Brayer</a>) to roll any patches smooth."
This works beautifully on clothing.  I have even repaired small holes in my knit fabrics.  The only reason it gets 4 stars is because I can't stop the bottle from drying out.  Order in small batches if you will be using it infrequently.
Didn't work well for my leather.  Was hard to get it to dry and left a white rubbery residue.  It did end up drying but was messy.  I think I tried to use it on a job too big for what it is intended for.
It worked perfect on my collies ears. And no pain or scan when it came off. Also  it lasted four and 1/2 weeks. Love it
Works but a little too liquidy. (i used this for hemming a dress.)
It didn't really work as I expected.  I used it on a dark brown microfiber sofa that had a 2 inch gash in it.  I was able to seal the cut but at the cost of having a dark stripe.  I have had to reapply almost weekly.
"Absolutely awful, just adds a white film over the small tear and eventually just turns sticky and comes right off. Don't waste your money"
Does what it says. Can run and looks crappy if it shows. Good product. Will use every time I have need of it.
Follow directions And the his product will work great for you
Didn't hold fake leather.
OK
"I have repaired car upholstery and a favorite handbag with this.  When it dries, it's really mended!"
I have yet to find a repair job or use for this that has actually worked. Appears to be a silicone based product?
"This product works well.  I mended a tear in a fabric dog crate, and it completely sealed and repaired the tear."
"Price is to high, the product is great for things you won't be wearing in public"
Awesome
"seems to work well,  had a small hole in my jeans and sealed the edges with this and has not enlarged since"
fast ship and this works great on leather
Works Great.
Perfect!
"I bought it to keep a pair of leather Michael Kors shoes intact after scuffing. Works great, and I use it for repairs often!"
"Great product, great transaction"
Didn't work for what I needed it for.
I used this in combination with Tear-Aid tape to restore a 19 year old canvas snap cover for my boat. The glue is a bit watery but once it dries and cures the bond is very strong.
"Not very strong glue and was very messy to apply, as its in a liquid form and not a gel.  It ran all over the place."
"Works really well, I had to fix a belt that was delaminating."
Good stuff. I put it on my husband's jeans where it normally would tear. Like the back wallet pocket.
Had to be a total waste of money and time
does not work as advertised!
Works very well
"A tiny bit, and finally I can stop adjusting my bra straps :)"
it works pretty well.
Very good results. A little messy but does the job
Didn't work as promised
Love this stuff!  Had a small area on a boat cover that started to rip and it completely mended it!
Doesn't work. Patched a piece of canvas on my pop up camper and it dried yellow. Really unappealing considering I patched a white piece of fabric. Tried on a another piece of canvas and it doesn't hold like you would think.
This product does work...but you have to be careful you can see this once it dries.
This product has the same status around my crowd as WD-40 and gaffer (duct) tape. Excellent product.
Product did mend seams but left residue which could been seen after application.  Not sure if I just applied incorrectly.  Not sure if I would recommend.
"Can be a bit messy-if you use too much, but makes a good, quick, long-lasting repair. Remains flexible, and, most importantly, will not 'poke' you in the neck, or armpit."
I love this stuff.
I tried it twice on a small small hole on my harley seat. It didn't work either time.
didn't work well on my project.
"A good adhesive, just very tough to work with...so not many situations that this could be used for."
good as any
I fixed a coffee mug handle. So far works but I'm careful since it is a coffee mug!  To be honest I've never been able to fix a mug handle prior to this!
"Probably one of the best products I used.

I fixed a special bedsheet replacing two large damaged pieces this cover my memory foam on top of tempurpedic mattress my wife was happy that I was able to fix this bedsheet that was coming apart. (Special order and expensive)

I also fixed two of my phone (cloth) pouches clip on pants or belt, my wife was going to buy another one, I told my wife let me try this glue, now I have two good pouches thanks to this glue.

I'll be using this product for several projects and save money.

This product will perfect if it had an applicator tip just a suggestion to the manufacturer!!

Great  product!!!

Thank you"
"Didn't work.  Reviews aren't wrong - pours out of the bottle like milk.  Instructions say that it will dry in 3 minutes - no way.  Stood there for 5 minutes and it was able to wipe it all away with a paper towel.  Another note on the label - Best if used within 12 months of purchase (there is no expiration date, so maybe I got a bottle that was already a year old?  I'm wondering if that's why it doesn't work.)"
"Watery, peals when dry. Not recommended when used with leather"
"This flexible, multi surface glue works pretty well, but it is hard to apply. The glue itself is super watery, so it runs right off the applicator and away from the spot that you apply it to. The applicator sucks too, you might as well be using a piece of string to dribble the glue into place.

However, once it dries, you have something akin to elastic. Super flexible, with a good amount of hold. Would recommend for sewing, not repairing."
I tried this on a tear in my car's leather seat and it did not fix the tear.
"Fixed the hole in the car seat, but discolored the fabric. It's not a big deal, but definitely test it out before using it if that's important to you."
Did not work for me. It's latex and peeled right off. Used it to glue a tiny piece of leather inside my shoe that was not properly sewn. It was rubbing and causing me pain. Peeled off within 2 hours of wearing shoe. Should have spent the money to have a  cobbler fix my shoe.
Worked well to repair my couch cushion that my son cut open.  Dries clear just like glue.
Used this to repair cuts in leather car seats.  Worked great.  One bottle of this stuff would repair a hundredcuts..
It's kind of like a very runny rubber cement.  It's like pouring water on something and trying to hold it in place.  It dries with a yellow brown color not clear.
Works great for sticking  GSDs ears together for those pups with a problem. Wait until six months to try this.
"This was a great discovery for me. Works better for my jewelry designs than Krazy Glue. I really like how it dries clear and if you get some where you don't want it, you can peel it off."
"I bought this item specifically to repair tears in my car leather.  Even after reading the reviews that stated it worked poorly for car leather, I had high hopes and purchased it anyway.  After using it in my car for small tears in the leather seat, I can say that it works POORLY on car leather.  After drying, it appears that the heat build up in the car softens the ""glue"" and it just rubs off (rather like a silicon caulk).  It also discolors slightly either from the heat or from just normal wear.  I do NOT recommend this for cars, but it may work fine for fabric or clothes."
Worked great for mending the tension-tear on my Corbin motorcycle saddle!
Prompt delivery. Product as described.
Didn't work.
Had a tear on my recliner on the seam. Cleaned it let it dry then applied the product to it and let it sit. Fixed it. If anything changes I will edit my review
Good product thus far used it to hold a patch on my motorcycle vest so far has held up very well. you do have to follow instructions.
What's to say.... it's glue .... it works
This product work good
The only fabric adhesive that lasts through a wash cycle.
AWESOME glue! I now will never use anything else!
"Buy online all the time, very cool, good price, arrived as scheduled, in condition stated, would buy again"
"Did not work, just your standard white glue - seemed exactly like Elmer's glue, but at much higher price?  I used almost the whole bottle trying to get a patch on my couch... finally gave up and just used a few drops of super glue."
Did not even try to hold
Works great!  Used it in a bathroom carpet edging that was coming apart. Washed it once and it held up good. Will see over time. I would purchase it again
"I used this glue to repair a torn place on the top of a suitcase from the baggage handlers.  Worked even better than I had hoped, since I was ready to buy a new suitcase.  That same suitcase has successfully made it though a few other flights and still going. Very good glue!"
Worked like a charm on a small tear/flap on lower part of drivers side seat (leather seat). Very easy to use and will hold up well. I'm happy :)
Does not work on all leather furniture.
This glue works just messy.
"I had my doubts after reading some reviews, however I had a cut in my leather sofa and it fixed it fabulously! I also used it on a bean bag chair and even with kids jumping on it, it still is bonded! Amazing stuff!"
Did a great job repairing 3 pairs of jeans.  Works just as the vendor promised.  I would recommend giving it a try rather than pitching jeans that have a worn spot or a small tear.
does the job.
I was really excited to get this Tear Mender.
Great product.
I can't say enough about this product. I used it for many repairs and noe of them has failed! One of those was my dogs toy that had 4 FOUR rips and tears in it. My dog loves it so I thought I would give it a shot. That was a MONTH ago and it is still holding up like BRAND NEW!!
The name reflects tremendous results :)
tried this  on  leather car seat  not  a  good  idea  pealed  off  after  drying  like  rubber  cement
"Worked well for my purpose, to glue down a very thin leather to fabric inside sandal."
"I bought this to mend tiny tears in a faux leather sofa from my cat scratching it. Don't even bother. This product is too heavy for tiny tears. I thought I'd give it a try on the curling buckles on my favorite Birkenstocks. It worked for a few days and left a white film. The buckles popped right back up and now I have the mess from the glue to try to remove. When it dries on skin, it is more like a rubber cement that can be rubbed off. Not so on leather or fabric. It's stuck there and now I'm looking for a good adhesive remover!"
Didn't work at all.
Works great! Wish bottle applicator despensed better as it is runny!
"It still stayed slighty tacky forever, even though conditions were always ideal for it to become dry."
great product--used it on the hem of a leather jacket
"THIS STUFF ROCKS.  IT WORKED FOR  A JEAN INSEAM THAT WAS ON A PAIR ABOUT A SIZE TOO SMALL FOR WEARER- A LOT OF STRESS ON IT.  SO MUCH EASIER TO USE THAN CRAZY GULE, SO MUCH STRONGER THAN Aleene's No-Sew Fabric Glue. HARD TO FIND IN STORES, MY BOTTLE HAS WALKED OFF, SO I WILL BE REPLACING IT BEFORE SOMETHING ELSE COMES UP."
"Used to glue puppy ears, tried and true, fantastic glue."
"Thin liquid that has the consistency of thin elmers white glue. It is flexible and I am using for a frayed seam in my sunbrella awning. I put 2 coats and let it dry between them. Seems to have stopped the separation of the fabric.
Pretty big bottle, so I can use it for other tasks."
I used it to reattach piping on a lounge and it worked great.
"This stuff is fantastic for repairing shoes. Greatest fabric glue out there and won't stick to fingers, wood, or plastic. So glad that I was able to find this stuff again! Nozzle isn't all that great, but syringes, q-tips, and brushes help a great deal with application."
"Tried to apply a patch to a windbreaker and it peeled right off... Maybe it was the fabric, but I am disappointed"
"This product is horrible. It's made for cars but melts at a very low temperature. Even if you glue something together, the glue just melts and then you have sticky glue residue with a still-broken product."
"I had a small tear near my jeans pocket.  I think I caught my pocket on something.  Anyway, I applied an iron on patch to the back and a few drops of this to the front and my jeans are saved."
"I had never even heard of this product but necessity drives research.  I came back from an overseas trip with a damaged suitcase.  It looked as if it had gotten stuck in some airport machinery as the shoulder of the bag had completely detached along the seam line.  The metal support rod was bent and I could put my fist inside the opening.  The bag was new and I just hated the idea of throwing it away. That's when I came across Bish's tear mender.  The instructions are simple and the product is a little deceiving at first.  It's very liquid and has the consistency of milk.  (I was expecting a thicker glue-like substance).  After bending the metal rod back into place the best I could I applied the product with my fingers to both sides of the torn seam.  There was a lot of tension involved in closing the seam as the rod was still a little bent but I held it in place for a few minutes and was amazed to see the fibers of the torn seams actually grabbing each other.  After a few minutes, the seams held in place on their own.  I added more of the product on top of the closed seams as a sealant and let the whole thing dry over night. The next day I used the product again to help anchor a piece of black cloth tape over the seam.  After that dried I can say the seams are tightly closed and the bag feels as strong as new.  So happy that I don't have to spend money on a new bag!"
Best thing since sliced bread. works great.
Works great and FAST!
Works GREAT!
Used to mend my car seat - worked like a charm!
"this product really works- tried another when I couldn't get Bish's  locally, didn't work, so found Bish's on Amazon- it lasts through washing after washing; don't waste your money on anything else!"
Plan to buy again when mine runs out! Works well to mend pants without having to dig out the sewing machine.
"This stuff was terrible, it had no adhesive qualities. I know the instructions said shake well and I did that, it just poured out of the bottle and made a mess. Should be able to get my money back, would never recommend this product to anyone"
This is an average glue at the best. Didn't bond the sole of my shoe well. A total waste of money.
Awesome stuff!
Didn't hold & smelled awful.
Works great.  So easy to use and a fair price!
"I bought this for a small tear in our couch, and it did the job. Not only that, but I got an inexpensive shirt with a sheer nylon back. The nylon shredded and came away from the seam. I tried to sew it but so much had come away I realized it was going to just keep happening. I was actually walking it to the garbage when I remembered I had Tear Mender. I figured, ""What the heck? It's going in the garbage anyhow...Maybe I'll get at least one more wear out of it."" Well lo and behold, not only did it fix it, but of course the raveling stopped because the glue took care of that! Now my cheap shirt that looks cute will last the season, and the Tear Mender has paid for itself twice!"
"Tried others, this is the Best.."
"The product did not work for my repair.  Was repairing a small cut in my child's recliner which figured If it didn't bond it may at least keep it from growing.  The glue did not dry clear and now looks worst.

Only good thing is I asked for a refund and was automatically granted it and told to keep the product.  So great customer service."
I wish the bottle was a little bigger.
"Glue is good, bottle design is bad! once you open it, nothing to keep it from drying? I though the design would be like a kids glue bottle but no, weird."
My son accidentally ripped our leather seat so I ordered this instead of a patch. It was amazing how fast it bonded.
"This stuff really works for fixing those torn knees in your favorite jeans.  Just cut a patch from and old  pair, spread this  stuff on and press together on the inside of  the jean.  It did not  bleed through  and  has  held up well  through  several  washes."
"Great stuff, used it and some canvas todo some major repairing of my 25 year old boat cover"
This stuff is AMAZING.  I wish they had 10 stars because that's what I would give it.  A MUST TRY PRODUCT. Fixed my sofa that the seams where pulling apart.  Was going to cost me over $300 to fix  Tear Mender costs around $6 and it fixed it.  Looks like new again and has lasted.
This does exactly what it was described.  Fixed a tear on a leather bag and you can't even see it.  I'm sure this will work on some other things I need done.
This product did exactly what I hoped it would do.  It repaired a small tear in a leather chair so that one cannot see where it was.
It doesn't do what I'd hoped it would.  It left a film and peeled.  Very disappointed.  Waste of money.
"This really didn't work for what it was intended for, but maybe for a very tiny tear it may work?"
its ok
Didn't hold as well as expected.
Did not work at all!!!!
Worked on my boots.
"It definitely does not set up as quickly as advertised, in fact in stead of seconds or minutes it took almost an hour to hold some marine vinyl together. It was a couple of hours before it was hard. It's held up fine for the last few months though."
"Man does this stuff mend!  I fashioned a laptop carry satchel orom a single cloth that I cut into strips and glued together, and where I put this stuff, it set up almost like stiff leather.  Not a stitch or pin or stable in use, but I did use some big safety pens to keep the join areas tight while it dried.  My little satchel will carry laptops from 12"" to 17"" easily, has a pocket for the adapter to ride in, anc can be toted in one hand.  Looks ugly, but it was a proof of concept and really works.  Al lwast I know no-one will steal it.  No need for a separate opening, it is mostly holes and just straps to keep the laptop in place as you lift it and move it.  Loose enough fitting that you can pull down one side like a jaw and fit it around the laptop, then pull the side up and it will stay in place.  And this mender made it child's play to do."
I raise french Briards and we use this product to glue the ears up for training. Been using it now for 16+ years..... always a great product.
"For a tear, this fills in the gap with a brownish ""rubber cement"" type glue. I may have bought the wrong product for my application (small tear in a center console) but that appears to be what this is intended for."
did what I needed it to do!  Thank you
This product is amazing! It worked on my holey jeans and leather couch.
I put this to the test right away by using it to attach a patch on the ripped knee of an active 3 year old boy's play jeans.  I also used it on a few minor rips that were starting in my work jeans.  After many uses and washes this stuff passed both tests.  It does have a rubbery feel to it when it is dry so keep in mind that the fabric won't feel the same in the location of the repair.
It fixes fabric tear perfectly!!!
"If you have an electrostatic flocker and you're making ""flock-tufts"" for your wargames terrain/dioramas/miniatures bases... this is the cat's meow!
Try this, and you'll never look at white glue ever again."
"Been using for years on jeans.  Patch from the inside using a patch made from an old pair of jeans. Can be worn within minutes and it doesn't let go.  Great way to keep a good supply of work jeans going.  I also reinforce new Levi's at the corner of the back pockets where they always seem to develop a tear over time, sometimes within a few months."
Worked perfectly to fix the broken belt loops on my jeans
This was Horrible...It peels and is very sticky
This stuff is crap. Don't waste your money
I tested in my work pants and looks like is holding well.
It works but ok have to use more then directions indcated
"I have saved a lot of clothes and shoes using the Bish.  I've been sloppy at times and it leaves a stain, but it works like a charm."
really works
A Must have for everyone.  Works as described
Awesome product
Bought it to fix a rip in my leather couch. Didn't work at all. Seems like it's just a glue for two parts and not made to fill in any hole. Since in a rip you can't put one side on the other this is worthless. Maybe good for other uses.
Good stuff. Versatile.
"Work excellent can use to anything dress any material leather vinyl fabric very strong . Make lot of jobs already  no problems. Try to repair old car seats , cut two round patch glued was excellent. Great product"
Seemed to work well on patches for my leather jacket but when I got it in the wind patches began to come lose. Would not reccomed.
WOW this stuff works great.  I use it to hem jeans and various other repairs.
This stuff works well! Even repaired some shoes!
I tried to use it to repair my leather briefcase and it wasn't any stronger than Elmers glue. Don't waste your money.
"This works wonders! I wish they sold a smaller/cheaper version. I needed this for a rip in my couch, so now I have quite a bit left over. It dries much quicker than I expected, pretty immedietly. When I got it, I shook it and it has a very liquid texture, I thought it'd be a problem running and such, but thay texture is best for fabric I found. I used a toothpick to put between the rip and it soaked up, stuck together, and is flexible when dry. Since I have so much, I've been fixing every little rip I can find."
Did very good on the job intended.
"I used tear mender to glue together some seams on my canvas window awnings.  I think it has been 3 weeks now and it seems to be holding great.  I had sewn some seams together several years ago and the thread has rotted where I sewed the seams.  Sewing took 10x as long as using Tear Mender.  I figure if tear mender can last a year I'll be happy.  Just starting summer in Arkansas now, so the sun ought to give it a workout."
"Best stuff made, used it for years."
Geart
Kind of works but really runny and I had to sit and hold the fabric for a while. This was to repair a chair that the dogs had scratched up. The second someone sat in the chair like 2 out of the 5 places where I had repaired came open again.
Fixed the leather separation problem on my designer belts.  Fast and easy!
this stuff is great fast drying as well
"Worked for about a week that was it
 I used it on leather boots and did not bound well"
Worked good although it was not seamless.
Didn't work all that well
This is like liquid gold!  I had a tear in the drivers seat in my suv and it fixed it like new. It is so good that I can't even see where the tear was.
great on belts
"This product effectively mended an ""L"" -shaped tear in my favorite black leather handbag. I also plan to use it to mend  a ttear on the vinyl  plastic  seat of a dining room chair. The adhesive forms a bond between the surface tear and the lining under it."
Works well on some fabrics but not all. My husbands work jeans needed patched and he used this and hasn't had any problems. I tried adhering something to leather/faux leather and it didn't work for me.
"used this after unsuccessfully trying E6000 to put 2 pieces of vinyl together on a chair pad.  much thinner than glue, but seems to be holding.  took a while to dry, just left it undisturbed after a few minutes of smoothing the pieces over"
Seems to work thru the first few washes
Did it's job well. I'm glad I purchased this brand.
Does not repair leather chair.
"It worked very well. I am not crafty , but it looks good"
I used this on a piece of furniture. It did not work as fantastic as I had hoped to say the least...
"For me personally it sucks. I was advised by my son who is a millwright to purchase this because it's the best and you can fix any tear. I had ripped the knee of my jeans and it was a tear in an ""L"" shape. I cut a patch and put over it and within an hour it was completely torn off."
Worked on my boyfriend's leather belt! Yay~
Wasn't what I thought it would be or do
OMG!!! It is very good product. It works for me.
Good stuff
"Did not work, just made a mess, stained the fabric."
This works wonder!  I had a couple of small tears in my leather sofa.  It has been a year or so later and you can't even tell where the tears were.  Good product!!
actually works- I was plesantly surprised.
Finally found a good glue to fix shoes.
"Shipped quickly, works great"
Very watery and wasn't strong enough to mend my leather sofa.
Not what I expected.
Very convenient. Excellent product.
"I had received great results from this great product.
Worked just as expected to.
It will dry white though, so use common sense when using the product and you will achieve great results!!"
Dogs ear up
It really works!
Very usefull
"Arrived in a timely manner, does exactly what it says it does.
I used it to repair a suede skirt and it works really well.
Be careful about getting it outside of the margins you are working with because it will stain. I found the product to be more liquidy than I anticipated so the product spilled over."
A wonderful product.  Used it to mend the canvas on my pop up camper.  No complaints here.
this item is really good if you have anything you need to fix it is like super glue but it way better in craft  i fixed my sofa with this glue.
Item and delivery as promised.  Awesome product...THANK YOU!
"It's good and it took quite a bit of time to arrive.  It works like how it should've, but I recommend you look up how to use it before trying yourself."
Very sloppy to use and does not look clean as a finish product...
"I've repaired several pants, Levis.  used old ones to make patches for other pants.  I even glued my tennis shoes.  Everything has stayed repaired.  This is good stuff!"
"The description of this product does not state anywhere that it does not work on nylon.  I specifically bought it to fix a repair in a nylon coat.  The insert I received with the product states that it does NOT work on nylon.  This seems like important information to include in the description so people can avoid wasting their money.  The instructions describe a sandwich method you can use on nylon (gluing two pieces to a thick piece of cotton), but this did not work for my purpose of sealing a slit in an insulated nylon coat.

Do NOT buy if you are trying to repair something nylon."
It stated it worked for car seat upholstery. It did not! I tried a little and it wouldn't hold. I tried again and the glue seeped through the seat and looks awful. Would not recommend for car upholstery if fabric and not vinyl or leather.
excellent
"This product is great. I have used it to make repairs to a quilt, and umbrella, and a few other things. I recommend to all who need a quick repair. or.fix. Wonder product."
"I had actually never tried this product before, nor heard of it until my husband said to order some. So I did and had to repair some holes in items and it worked....Even after a few washings it is still fixed. thoroughly happy about that cause it means that I no longer have to really sew unless it is necessary... just cut out a patch and apply the tear mender and walla, its patched.."
Don't work at all. I tried on 2 separate items with different types of fabric and had awful results. Ended up returning.
"doesnt seal as well as I'd hope
bonds okay, but doesnt seal a flap like I'd hoped"
Love that stuff. Use it to repair my work jeans with extra layers of denim when they wear through. Only downside is that within a couple months the remainder of the bottle will harden.
Great product arrived as promised and great quality.
BEWARE - Tear Mender was SOLID in the bottle when I opened it for the first time. Too late to return it but NOT too late to warn you to open the bottle when you receive it - not later when you need to use it & find its not returnable.
"I have used on only used it a couple times, but so far, it has worked well."
I'm impressed. Works pretty well. Takes a little longer to dry on leather than advised on label but it does the trick!
Works fine
did not work.
Awesome stuff
I have used this product for several years to repair leather and cloth.  It works as advertised.  It can leave lighter colored cloth with a darker appearance where it is applied heavily enough to soak into the cloth.  I have never had a problem with the product drying out as long as I am careful to keep the bottle tightly capped between uses. The bottle that I am currently using is two years old and still works well.
great
Not good
Works very well and as advertised.
Returned it. It didn't glue leather down as shown in the video
"Very surprised how well this works! Takes longer to dry than suggested, but pleased with its performance."
The stuff is the best I repaired four pairs of pants with it.
"Had a door frame at work tear my new leather jacket. Looked online and found a suggestion for this product. Bought it and I'll be damned, it worked. It is runny, like milk, but thickens fast. Was able to repair my leather jacket and get it water and air tight again. After 24 hours, took the jacket on a ride, the repair held at 100mph. I love this stuff. Now I can repair all my older motorcycle gear and other clothes keeping more money in my pocket."
This was purchased as a gift for someone in my family.  They found the product worked well but it took a couple of applications before it worked.
"I purchased this because I had a small crack in my Louis Vuitton bag; I had read that glues meant for fabric would be better something like Crazy Glue.
This stuff is horrible!  Not only did it NOT mend the crack, it turned the canvas green..... GREEN!  How does that even happen with white glue?
I would have been better off using Elmer's School Glue than this stuff!  Don't waste your money!"
Perfect for my tiny puppy's ears who is only about three pounds right now.
awesome product...I never expected the way how it's fixed my sofa.
I've been using this product for several years. I have a torn leather seat in my truck and this product keeps the tear from getting larger. I do have to reapply the tear mender every few months because the seat is used every time I drive the truck. I will continue to buy the product.
Not as great as advertised
"This stuff is great!  I actually repaired an expensive pair of sandals with a strap between the toe. It had pulled out entirely, so I put glue on the strap & inside the hole in the sole and it's held securely ever since!"
"Does not work as advertized.. tried to mend a fabric together.. followed instructions to tee, and all it did was look like spilled milk on my fabric. smh"
"good stuff, worked well to repair leather jacket."
"I have repaired every piece of clothing I own, that had a rip, or hole, or tear in it.  This adhesive works great!"
"Amazing for patching my work jeans, and for fixing my work gloves. Being an ironworker I go through gloves so fast. This helps to keep those gloves that still have potential working without having to throw dollars in the trash. I also use it before I use the gloves on the seams to prevent rips and tears!! And its Made in the U.S.A."
J U N K
"I used this to repair my couch, with a piece of the same material from the back of the couch, I found it very difficult to work with. It bled through the fabric and it's worse than before, It looks horrible. I saw on the video of someone replacing the loop on the back of a tie, I can't believe it did not bleed through that either, but then again the other side of the tie was never shown. Not sure how it works on things such as denim. Personally I would tell everyone save your money, your better off using Elmer's glue."
"This really works well.  With a cat, I have a
handy tool for simple repairs to my leather
furniture."
Great stuff .. binds together any two pieces of fabric . . I'm sure there's a neater way than I used .. I got it on the visible part of the fabric.
Works great on leather car consol that has some bubbles in the center arm rest. I shot some into the leather with a syringe and 10 minutes later the bubble was gone. Remember you must put enough and press down for a few minutes.
This does what it's supposed to do! Dries quickly.
"to all the folks who complained that this product doesn't work - you are either using it incorrectly or using too much product. This is truly a case of less is better. I suggest you watch the videos on best way to apply because if you are patient and work small areas at a time, you can make amazing repairs with the product. I found it is best to do as the videos suggest and put a little puddle on your table or other non - porous work surface, then using your finger or a toothpick or a small paintbrush, work small areas. This product is amazing to all but the impatient and unrealistic.."
Worked like a charm to glue a tear on the back of my recliner.
Useless.
I used it on the front seat for a small hole (2 cm) from dog-when it dried it had aa pink/purple color. Ughh. So disappointing
Used Tear Mender to repair a small cut on one of the seats in my vehicle. Applied a little color...flawless.
"The top doesn't have a natural opening, so when you poke one in the glue doesn't come out cleanly. I used it on my leather sofa and it worked okay, but it doesn't dry clear."
Works great for semi perminant hold on leather
Excellent product. Will buy again
product arrived on time and as described
"After unscrewing cap to remove sealed tab from top of bottle.....used product....tightened cap...cap does not seal....no additional ""cap in bag
Consequently unless I seal top with tape product will dry out, or, spill if tipped over. Who designs a top that does not seal?
waste of money"
It works amazing
I followed the directions and advice ffrom other reviews and it did a good job repairing my boat cover.
useless product
Works!
great for repairs on the go!
"Made in the U.S.A. hype. This particular product, in the vernacular of Bernie Sanders and Hillary Rodham Clinton, sucks! First it is not a professional grade that you can purchase on Amazon, and second it discolors leather, does not hold, is environmently such as Ralph Nader, and all other King Ralphies. The correct glue, also sold on Amazon is VLP by Performix. This is a professional grade glue ( at least at this time ). its cost is approx. $7. I glued a partially wet royal blue robe, and it held - it should not have stuck. Tear Mender glues fabric very well; but there is a huge stain that is not removable. Lay off leather with the Tear Mender, it dries stringy, removes the leather's color, and after 2 hrs pulls of with your finger tips. VLP is an upgrade of ""Rip Fixer,"" a glue possibly developed or, more likely sold in Orange County, or Southern CA."
"I used this on a ripped pair of snow bibs. I put a backing piece of fabric on it like the directions suggested, but after my son wore the bibs twice they split back open. The glue also made the tear look really messy after I mended it, even though it did dry clear."
"I have a leather jacket that was ripped along a seam, not the stitching, the leather.  Used this product to fix the edges together then backed it with cloth and had a tailor re-stitch the sleeve.  Fantastic results.  Strong and you have to look with a magnifying glass to see the repair.  Great product, easy to use and clean up."
Works just as advertised
Works very well
"Fixed the leather recliner just great, immediate results, plus a few other things fixed as well, no problem"
"We use Tear Mender for shaping our puppies ears when they are growing, (Shetland Sheepdogs).It works great for that."
"Great all-round liquid latex.  It's not silicone, but for simple waterproofing and fabric repair it's nifty, and should be biodegradable as well."
I got this to glue dogs ears (Boxers) so obviously off label use but it was recommended by a lot of other dog people so I decided to try it. Nope. Doesn't work. Get the surgical cement instead.
Goes through fabric and leather and stains the other side.
Very Nice Just What I Needed
Tear mender works very well I only tried it on jeans saves a lot of money in time. Thanks again sincerely your customer
"I wouldn't wish this stuff on my worst enemy.

I put around 2-3 hours into attempting to fix my leather/vinyl couch with this stuff and it all ended up looking great at first, then I applied any small amount of friction and it would peel up without much pressure.

Do not use on leather or vinyl at all."
"This glue is not worth the money or time. Claims to dry in 3 minutes; but it does not. After a full night letting it dry to seal a crack in a piece of canvas, the glue rubbed off the next morning and came right out of the crack it was meant to seal. It may work for light fabrics and perhaps even denim repairs, but for anything more substantial absolutely not worth it. Disappointing."
WORKS PERFECT.
Perfect.  It works!
This is the same consistency as elmers glue.
Works
great product worked better than expected!!!
Used it on my husband's t-shirt and it dripped all over it and ruined it.  This stuff is crappy.  Probably just throw it out.  I saw it on TV and of course they make it look so perfect.  Don't waste your money.
We got like 6 of these and shared with our neighbor.... My husband and our neighbor like to use this to put a blue jean patch on the knees of their jeans... Works great ! !  ....... I was shipped super fast ...... Very pleased..  :)
"better than expected,  practice on scrap fabrics,  messy with latex glove, ok with nitrile,  fixed my jeans"
it works well
Great product for mending.  I have been looking for a product that I can use quickly and this is it.  It would be great to keep at work for those hems that come loose at the wrong time.  I also use this for my crochet blankets when I start a new skein.  I like to put a drop of Tender Mender to reinforce the yarn so it does not come apart.  The product is a little runny so it is best to dab it with you finger to keep from using too much.  Love this product and would recommend it.  It is great for crafts too.
Fixed the tear in my leather sofa with no problem.
"So glad I purchased Tear Mender, its the best stuff ever!!!!"
worked fabulous on a toe seam of a pair of leather dress shoes. seems to have made a strong bond.
Product works well.  Used it on deteriorated leather and seems to be holding.
"Worked great on my black leather jacket which had a canine scratch/tear.  This is basically very runny rubber cement. APPLY WITH A QTIP! The glue will get everywhere if u let it, not sure even the dropper it comes with will contain it.  Glue is white when applied but dries a shiny clear. The only way u can see it is from the extra sheen.  If u screw up, let it dry then peal off like rubber cement and start over. Not sure how long it will last, looks like I will have to reapply every year or so.
Definitely works as advertised."
Dont buy!
Great product.  It is a little runny but sticks well.
Great product at a great price and worked as described
"This is some awesome stuff, it's as good as everyone says it is."
"very strong adhesive,i fixed every thing by this product"
"This product is a little difficult to use, and doesn't dry clear. It soaks through some types of fabric quite easily, and probably works better with thicker material."
Is a great product!
"I was skeptical as to how well this would work, but I gave it a shot.
It's a very interesting product. It has the consistency of white glue, and smells almost minty. It will not adhere to anything except fabric (so will not stick to fingers, table underneath).
I used this to add a patch of denim to the inside of the thighs of a couple of my jeans. I've put two pair through the wash since, and it's still holding strong!
It also does not stiffen up like glue will or like other patching products can.
The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars (and it could totally be my own fault), some of the glue seeped through the thinned out areas of the denim and cause a small spot that looks almost like when normal glue gets dirty, and isn't entirely dry. But like I say, it could totally be my own fault while applying.

I will be using this product again!"
"This works well and dries fairly quickly. It is secure but if you mistakenly glued down something you want to fix, you sure can! It is pretty runny and not tacky for a few minutes so secure piece to be glued together with weight or tape or a clip. If the fabric is knit or not ""pore less"" it will most likely sole through to right side so be curious of that. Do swatch tests and try not to use more than is needed for area on fabric that is not pleather or leather."
"I'm a leather worker and this is the best adhesive I've ever found. No odor, nothing harsh about it. It bonds instantly. Best find!"
I use this to position dog ears when they are teething. Just takes a dab. Be sure to get the adhesive  remover for people. It takes this right out out their hair.
Turns yellow after you wash garment.  I don't bother using anymore.  Very sticky and dries quickly so you have to be quick... can be messy.
solved my tear in a leather couch from someone with keys in their pocket
I was expecting something else
excellent product it works just as it says it does!
I tried to patch a boat seat and I  followed the instruction to the letter several time's and it never held.
Only lasted 1 week before kids jumping on the couch made it tear apart back.
"I don't sew, but was able to patch and save my favorite work jeans with this product.  They have now been washed at least 4 times since I fixed them and the repair is holding on!"
slightly disappointed thought it might have come with small sections of repair fabric
"Update: Repaired my very lightweight glass bird bath (bottom side). No longer leaks.

An outstanding mender with latex, I used it to make extensive repairs on stuffed outdoor pillows chewed up by a dog.  Dries fast, and is very strong."
Excellent
"Works Great!
I used for leather sofa, jacket and terrier's ears set, it was great for all applications. Love the product, Highly recommended!"
good
"This glue is amazing, its easy to use, drys fast and I recommend it for leather"
"No no no.

I was so optimistic about this stuff and I couldn't wait for it to arrive!

I have a white leather sectional couch from Z Gallery.  I have trained my 2 cats (with my screechy mommy voice)  that countertops, tables, and furniture cabinets are OFF limits.  To be fair to them I let them run, play, chase, and lounge on chairs and the couch.

Neither of them have a ""scratching"" habit on anything except their sisal wool rope covered posts BUT when they get spastic and chase each other, their claws (even trimmed) leave fine little hairline cuts on the couch cushions.

It seemed to me that this product with the addition of white shoe polish would remedy the grid of damage my couch has sustained.

Not so.  Not even remotely.  It looks like elmers glue, acts like elmers glue, and even if it is slightly effective on certain spots, it will sit on top of the surface and dirty up which you can then run your finger over and roll it off just like elmers.  It's also very dull and obvious.

It may be effective for other types of tears but NO WAY on hairline claw damage from kitties."
"Not waterproof. Would not bond fabric or leather. Had weird sour milk smell. Real waste of money and time. Will not be buying it again and would not recommend it. Next time I need an adhesive, I will go to the hardware store or big box retailer for one."
"I really like this product, repaired some loops that ripped in a few rugs, perfect!"
Wonderful product but watch a video on how to use.
"This Tear Mender works great! We purchased this to use on our Sheltie's ears to get them to tip over. It holds great without irritating her skin. We will purchase again for another puppy.

The item was exactly as pictured and described and arrived very quickly. Great price especially considering this product is hard to find!"
Used to glue two parts of a bible leather cover together and it worked perfectly. Excess glue wiped away easily and left very little residue.
"I ripped a U shape in sleeve of soft black leather jacket. Tear mender really did a great job repairing it. It's kind of runny, but I was able to clean it up right after mending with material inside the tear, using just a wet towel, no residue on the visible part of sleeve and feels very durable. I would highly recommend."
"It  seaps out and dries white.  If u don't mind that, then ur good to go."
Worked great on repair a rug.
"I used this for a leather to leather bond.  I spread it reasonably
thickly.

 I applied the two surfaces and they seemed to be adherent.  Since this product is water soluble it was easy to clean up the ""ooze"" around the patch.

Everything seemed fine for a couple of days.  Then, the two pieces came completely apart.

This was used to patch a leather ottoman with a leather patch.  The ottoman was in a 65 degree F room and was not used in the interval between the application of the patch and the patch falling off.

This product is totally worthless!!!!!!!  I feel cheated and disappointed.

Ken Barron"
I'm afraid this didn't work at all.  I followed instructions.  Tried to use on leather.  Didn't mend.
"After watching lots of youtubes and reading a ton of articles, we purchased this to glue our dogs ears down while they formed. Worked great and stuck almost immediately! Now our dog won't look like a bat!"
"Bought this to patch up a bean bag chair I bought at a garage sale.  Basically I had a U-shaped rip in the vinyl of the bean bag where it had been detached from the inner fabric.  It was definitely very difficult to fix this sort of tear, after all it is not a flat surface, and the glue seamed to stick better to my hands than it did to the fabric.

I held it down for a while hoping it would dry quickly as the instructions said, but after 5 minutes it was nowhere near dry and it seemed like I would need to buy some sort of patch to fix it.  But I walked away and let the bean bag chair sit overnight.  In the morning it had created a seal.  I rubbed the excess glue off the top of the chair, and after a week of my crazy 2-year old jumping on the chair it is still holding strong.

While the glue is flexible, the repaired area has the appearance of being warped, and isn't anywhere near as flexible as the rest of the bean bag.  You also see a small gap where the tear was because I couldn't really get the torn edges to bond, although this doesn't seem to affect the integrity of the repair.  But the bean bag is fixed for a lot less money than it would cost to buy  new one."
Hundreds of uses! Saved reupholstering a leather chair (quoted $2500!). Very sturdy results if done right
Item showed up on time and worked better than expected - kind of amazed
"This stuff is amazing! I thought our leather sofas were beyond repair, but this stuff mended it! I used it on a several rips in areas of the sofa that are used often including by little children. Love this stuff! Just beware you'll suddenly be obsessed with finding more things to mend:)"
Does not glue fabric to leather. Will peel off easily. Doesn't damage leather though.
AS ADVERTIZED
Best of the best. This stuff really works on a mirade of items. Great product..
"I was able to mend a pair of Frye boots that were new, except for a tear."
"I do not remember if I ordered this here or ebay but either way it is horrible useless stuff.  It is a fabric glue that dissolves in the wash, unless us spill it somewhere it is not wanted.  I wanted to glue a patch on jeans.  I ended up with a black glue stain that will not wash out an no patch.  There are better products."
"This stuff is great.  If you've been wronged by Ashley furniture and your couch is already falling apart ,get this stuff!  It works extremely well for patching upholstery."
"This wasn't quite as expected.  Doesn't dry clear, and hard to mend meshy fabric with."
This stuff sucks
"This glue is for one use only. I say that because once you open it initially, it cures in the bottle. The cost is too expensive for that!"
"Purchased to mend a rip in the vinyl part of my leather sofa. Was no impressed with this. It didn't ""mend"" the small rip. I'm still looking for a better product."
ans
this worked but it showed on our couch
worked great to fix my Carhart sleeve
"Works great to repair jeans. Turn the pants leg inside out, put wax paper on hidden side of hole to keep glue from going through the hole, cut a patch from other sacrificial jeans, apply glue to patch, slap it on and press for a few seconds with fingers to smooth it out and you are done. It is easy and it goes through the wash without peeling off."
"I have a leather chair that my cat dug her claws into. She tore long  slices into the leather.  I was able to glue them down easily with this product. No white residue (dries clear). I also used it on some punctures from her claws.  Not quite as smooth afterwards but better. I just put a dab on my finger and rubbed it into the tear and smoothed and pressed hard for about 30 seconds and then wiped away excess. After it dried I used Leather Re-Coloring Balm from Furniture Clinic. It got rid of all the remaining lighter portions of the leather where any of the underside of the leather, which is lighter in color, was showing.  If you run your hand over the leather you can still feel where the punctures are but the tears are absolutely smooth and unless the light hits it just right the damage really isn't visible anymore."
I can't review based on personal experience as my daughter stole this immediately to take home with her and use to hem a pair of work pants.  She did report back though saying it worked great. Perhaps someday I'll get the chance to find out for myself. Good item to have in your emergency sewing toolkit.
"I am amazed how well this product works. Fixed my boats Bimini top, shirt sleeves, blue Jean tears, etc. It really is great. Watch some of the examples on how to use it on YouTube it will help you."
"I bought this to repair a tear/scuff in the leather of a pair of cowboy boots and repair a seam that had given away on a soft side leather brief case.
It worked perfectly in both cases and made a nearly invisible, strong repair.  Top Notch!  ""Trust the Bish"" as the product says."
A product with endless uses.  It is fantastic for fixing fabric and leather tears but you can also use it for creative projects.  Line up the edges of paper and smear a little on the edge to create your own tear off notepad. As other users stated careful of your clothes and carpet because it does not come out.
Waste of money IMO. Like one other review...I see a lot of positive reviews. I tried it on a bonded leather loveseat that had some places peeling and it just doesn't hold up.
This stuff is awesome!  I fixed several pair of jeans with small holes that are now wearable again!  I was too lazy to bring out the sewing machine to fix a torn sweatshirt neck and used this product and fixed it in about two minutes.  It has completely paid for itself and then some.
"Leather needs to be clean as far as gloves go. Got several weeks out of a couple pair of gloves.  Works amazing, if you can catch it before the gloves get dirt or grease on them."
Works as described
"This stuff is awesome, I wish I knew about it sooner!"
Maybe is works. Maybe it doesn't. i bought this in Feb./March of 2015 and now i'm going to use it in Dec of 2015. the contents have solidified and i'm unable to do anything with this. I might try to call the manufacturer and get them to send me a new one. The bottle does say to use within a year but its been less then that.
Great for jeans!
"This is simply one of the best products you can buy to patch jeans, shirts, or other fabric.  I've repaired at least a dozen pairs of jeans - knees, cuffs, pockets, etc. - and given them years more use.  I've fixed a few minor tears in elbows and other parts of shirts and even a sweater.  I've also used it to apply preventative patches inside the knees of my favorite pairs of jeans as they get thinner but before they tear.  If they're done right, the repairs are nearly invisible on minor tears and not easy to see on clean and recent rips.

The steps I follow are:

1 - Line up the tear and iron out the fabric so it's flat
2 - Cut a patch out of light but strong fabric (old dress shirts are perfect, t-shirts are too stretchy, denim is too thick) to cover the tear and an inch or so beyond it.
3 - Put a piece of wide masking tape (slightly larger than the patch) over the tear.  This will keep the fabric in place and also prevent adhesive from bleeding on the outside of the garment.
4 - Turn the garment inside out
5 - Making sure the area to be patched is flat (lightly ironed again if needed)
6 - Place the patch on the fabric and mark spots around the outside with a pencil or ball point pen
7 - Turn the patch over and apply enough adhesive to spread with your finger to fully cover the patch, especially the edges so that the patch is less likely to roll up over time.
8 - Lift the patch and set it aside, adhesive side up.  It may have bled through to the fabric, but this is fine.
9 - Apply adhesive to the fabric and go slightly past the marks.
10 - Let the adhesive dry to the touch, generally around 5 minutes.
11 - Once the adhesive is dry, apply the patch flat on the fabric and press.  You won't have much ability to smooth it out if there are any wrinkles, so you may have to fold the edges up and apply first to the tear and then slowly lower the edges working from the inside out.
12 - If there is a lot of latex showing, sprinkle baby powder on it and smooth it in.  This will keep the latex from grabbing when you put the garment on.
13 - Turn the garment inside out and peel off the masking tape.  Excess adhesive should have been controlled, but there may be some if the tear was larger.

Remember to let the adhesive dry before putting the pieces together.  I don't think the instructions are as clear as they should be about this and it makes all the difference in the world.  I have repairs that are 9 years old that still hold up after repeated washing... I may have to tack a corner down on those older patches, but they go right back on again.

This stuff really is amazing.  It's hard to find locally as only a handful of fabric stores carry it, but it's well worth trying."
"Used this to mend a tear on leather couch. I'm impressed! Stuck a cloth patch inside the tear, spread this stuff on and carefully joined it together and applied pressure. Seems really strong."
"When used with 'imagination', this stuff is very handy.  You can fix a lot of different things with it.  Works best out off a dropper ( or a similar device), - for small delicate tasks."
Was not happy didn't work
This stuff is awesome for fabrics of all kinds including leather and canvas.
It works on leather!
Turns things yellow
"I use this all the time! It's not the best on darks as it drys cream color. I reinforce spots on my pants that ware first and the button gaps on my blouses that pucker at the chest. I have reinforced buttons so they won't fling off over time and held down pocket flaps that curl up. Why is this not in every grocery store at checkout and in the travel section with all the mini shampoos and sewing kits?! Bridal shops for emergency repair kits, etc!"
This thing was rubbery and peeled right off.  Meh
"Almost works as advertised. However, it's not as strong as I have hoped. It's definitely not a permanent solution. However I could see this being useful for temporary, moderate-term repair."
crap!!! its like water and runny. hate it. bought 2 separate times because of what i read online-i had thought I got a bad batch but both were CRAP
"This is wonder stuff! Hemmed pants for work, washed everyday... Great! Would purchase again!"
"Tried fixing a leather watch band with this stuff.  Followed the instructions exactly.  Worked for the main part of the watch band, but not some smaller pieces with less surface area.  Also can leave a gummy residue, which does not dry clear."
"Maybe mine was mailed to me expired, but it didn't really hold at all. Was just putting a patch on some fabric. I used some fabric spray adhesive that worked 100 times better."
Leaves a rubbery residue that can be really annoying. Also leaves a stain on your fabric when dry....so be careful where you intend to use this.
Great for leather crafting chromium tanned leathers
"Glued Border Collie""s ears up. Glue worked great"
"Tried to repair a very thin crack on the side of some leather boots.  The adhesive goes on fine,but as soon as you flex the leather, it starts to peel off.  Did not make a waterproof seal.  You can peel it off by hand with minimal effort (a bad characteristic if you're trying to fix your shoes)."
"Does an excellent job on a faux leather couch, used as per the enclosed directions."
Repaired my leather hockey gloves and I have used it on luggage and about 20 other fabric repairs. Awesome product!
"fantastic hold and clean to apply, washed my jeans and seams holding!"
Very good item
"Used this stuff to hdm leather pants and it worked fantastic and quick.  The setup is so quick, watch some videos BEFORE you start or you may have a less than optimal result that is permanent."
"This stuff works great,but it drys in the bottle to a rubber"
"I was told by the breeder that to use this to glue my Shepard ears together so that they will stay up as they grow.  Obviously I did not want anything that could harm my baby, so this was they was to go.  I was very reluctant, but his cute ear were all over the place.  Unfortunately it's terrible, does not work even though I followed the directions to the ""T"" but no luck.  As soon as my puppy shook his head his ears just pulled apart.  Just for kicks I tried the glue on any material(s) listed and nothing mended.  What a mess, clearly I'm very disappointed!  Overpriced and bad quality!"
Works good
Great product. Great price! Would highly recommend
Does not work
"Repaired my boat cover with Tear Mender . Very easy to use. Apply a few drops of this adhesive and spread around the material with a plastic spoon. Press patch material on the surface and smooth out , Dries in minutes."
"It's pretty phenomenal how quickly this ""glue"" dries, however, it did not serve my needs. I needed to mend a few pairs of pants in the inner thigh area where they had worn thin/gotten holes. The glue is surprisingly thin and watery and spreads everywhere in a matter of seconds. This leads to it getting all over your hands, your pants and, for me, caused a rust-colored stain in the crotch area of aforementioned pants. Not ideal. Had to toss out a few pairs of pants because this glue ruined the fabric. I'm sure it's suited for other materials and whatnot, but I wouldn't recommend this product for crotch holes in pants. Next time I will resort to the old fashioned sewing option."
"This stuff works and it dries fast, however, it is so powerful that it soaks through fabric. Even a double layer of cotton fabric or felt. So, for what I am using it for, it's a little too powerful, but it does what it says it does. It also is very liquidy, so if you put it in one spot, it is likely to run - so I recommend using a very very small amount first."
does the job just have to do a clean up sometimes because some mends are tougher than others
This stuff is like magic. Seriously. Used it to patch/reinforce kids jeans at the knee. Worked like a charm!
Works better than anything!!!
Does as it says it would.
$6 saved a pair of $50 jeans. Worked great and easy to use
Came off after one wash
very good repair for jeans. very good repair for pocket tear of chambray shirt-inobtrusive.
Did not work on my leather book bag.
Liquid garbage. Didn't work well at all for me on leather tears in my truck seat.
like it so far
Worked great with a patch!
my daughter wanted it. says it works great.
wrong stuff. Stinky and doesn't work
woorks great on fabrics. strong hold.
This stuff works great. It lived up to everything I heard.
WORKED
Easy way to fix a tear.
doesnt hold as weell as expected
"Used it for my artificial leather couch. Worked like a charm - would recommend a full day to let it dry, though. Also, yes, the liquid is very fluid, so keep an eye on that!"
"I've reupholstered 2 really ugly chairs, repurposed really ugly floor cushions, and have recovered numerous needed, but hideous pillows...
I've still got part of the couch and one other chair----
It works the best on cottons or cotton blends,, so before starting any project, try some test areas for adhesion and strength and for visuals--some fabrics will need less glue than others, and if you're not paying attention you might see some darkening on certain fabrics....just test everything first..
Added to that, it's non-toxic, which means that when my 8 month old puppy who gets into EVERYTHING, glued his hairy little paws together and also got some in or around his mouth, that he was unharmed and unfazed.
I LOVE THIS STUFF."
Great waterproof hold.
It appears to satisfy what I wanted. Time (after washings) will tell but so far it seems to do the job.
I was kind of leary about the product but to my amazement it does the job very well.
YES I USE THIS FOR EVERYTHING!!!!!! Crafting wise.
Works on almost everything I've tried it on.
Applied it on my car door trim.  so far it's been working to keep the leather cut from getting bigger.
"Wow...I fixed 8 pairs of jeans with this stuff!  Used about half of the bottle, had some large tears to fix.  I'm a tradesman and very tough on work clothes.  Goodbye to the old iron/sew patches!"
"Was using it for mending a tear in my leather seat. Tear is about inch and a half and show underlying fabric. This didn't help patch the gap and clumped brownish on a black leather seat.

I picked the clumps out and went with mastapasta peel and stick repair patch which, even though is a more obvious patch, is strong and clean."
AMAZING PRODUCT!  I patched a leather couch and fixed several items of clothing.
Love this stuff.  Great price and it is so much easier than sewing.  My jeans wear out in thighs.  I hate walking around with colorful patches or seeing a bunch of stiches on my pants.  This stuff works great!!!!!
It didn't work at all.  I went to Michaels and bought Ilene's glue and it worked a lot better.
This product did not work.
"I bought this to fix my husband's favorite tennis shoes (I had to glue in a patch on the underside on the toe) and it worked like a charm! I've been gluing everything I can think of! I have a shirt with lace around the collar that is always rolling up on the tips of the lace and I dabbed a little on each tip, and they're laying flat! Looks like new! Let's see...I've used this on my adjustable strap sports bras where the extra unused strap part keeps slipping out from behind the strap...I've used this on the inside seam (the whole seam!) of the lining of a skirt that doesn't have enough fabric to bother sewing....I've used it to tack the bust of a shirt that keeps popping open between buttons...several items that my husband has ripped the tag out of and made a hole (a hat, shirt, etc)...a sheer curtain that a thread came loose on and I thought sewing it would look unnatural since I'm not a seamstress...used it on the hem of one of the pairs of my jeans that is just a tiny bit too long...a bra that the underwire popped out on (that was amazing that that worked!!!) and on an on!"
"The product has worked and sealed the canvas stitched seams keeping rain and melting snow out.  The product is very runny and makes application tricky - just unscrew the cap minimally to apply.  The glue drys to a yellow tone.  As it is a latex solution I hope it doesn't allow mildew to ""grow"" in it."
"fantastic - my father said he used this very product in the 1940s to repair cloth on their farm machinery.  It's still just as strong.  Have used it to mend clothes, backpacks, sport spectator chairs, leather seats - it's awesome."
"Works like a charm, keeps my skate shoes lasting longer."
Love it!
Worked quite well on a leather recliner that had some worn-away areas and tears.
Love it
Exactly what I wanted
IT WORKED!  enough said!
This is the greatest discovery for mending jeans! It works so well that my son and husband now mend their own jeans. I love it!
Awesome product.  Works for everything and doesn't wash out.
Great product. Works best on heavier fabrics.
love this stuff
good
does the job
Used it on some leather. Seems to be holding.
"Very quick drying, good holding strength."
"Great concept!! I understood it would show more on black, but it was also highly visible on taupe.  I didn't expect that.  But, it does work. Hence, the ""3."""
Great adhesive
"I had a big tear on the seam of an old sofa, probably from my large dogs getting on it. I applied some of this glue and it holds wonderfully! Even though it dries ""clear"", I can see the areas where it was applied on the microfiber, as those areas just appear darker than the rest of the fabric. Overall though, this is much better than a huge tear. It does take a little while to dry."
Wow. It looks like spoiled milk and has about the same adhesive properties. Maybe for paper it would be ok.
"Not bad, works great on my ranch boots and levies"
great
great
Love this stuff!  I've saved so many different items from being thrown away by fixing them with Tear Mender.
Great stuff.
Did not work on my leather.
Good.
SMH. i made my purshase and i took a screen shot. Said i only paid about 7$... checked my bank account and got chraged almost 20$ no no no no... i will me returning this item and i would like a FULL refund. FALSE Advertisement
"Too liquidy, and it soaks right through living a stain... Doesn't stick well either"
For my white leather couch. Easy to use.
Did not work for repairing a fabric jujube bag.
Not a wonderful product
"I think I was expecting too much of it, but it didn't work for patching my zipper back into my back pack  (zipper still had the fabric attached, I was trying to glue fabric to fabric)  It's just no where near as strong as stitching."
I do not sew this is the best patch work I do it is easy to use and stays in place wash after wash
This product does not work!
It works better than I expected but it is kind of messy so wear rubber or latex gloves.
"This stuff is incredible. I have a bunch of patches that I've been meaning to attach to my denim vest. I didn't feel like sewing all of them, so I tried getting an adhesive spray, which did not work at all. After I'd iron it, it would come off immediately. Then I found this stuff from a simple search. It got really good reviews from others, so I ordered a small bottle of it to see if it lived up to the hype. It did. All I have to do it put some around each patch and on the vest, place it on and apply pressure. That's it. It sticks in a matter of minutes and STAYS that way. The patches did not come off at all.

HIGHLY recommend this product. It really works."
Like it
"I love Tear Mender. I have used it to fix a coat where the zipper had come loose for several inches.  I fixed a comforter, a tear in the car, etc.  It is not messy and it dries quick."
Defiantly do a test of the area 1st ... Worked but the material I was using was darkened by this ; I used it to fix a seam in a sofa ....
like
Worked to glue my German Shepherd's ears until they could stand on their own.
Bought it before works great
Great product. I would consider this primarily for fabric and leather. Its great for putting patches on jeans for example. I don't understand the negative reviews I have read. You must remember that different products are best for different situations. This product is terrific for what its meant for. My only concern; why does it take so long (a week) to receive 3rd party products?
"This product is a thin glue and will not fill-in any missing material gaps.  It looks very similar to Elmer's glue.  It goes on white and turns clear.  It's 2 oz tube will never get used up during my lifetime.  However I did notice that its label reads BEST IF USED WITHIN 12 MONTHS OF PURCHASE.

I think that I probably should have ordered something more like Shoe Goop"
"Works great, it is hard to repair clothes so that the tan color does not show through, but it works if you're not picky.  I use mostly on jeans.  It will store for a long time >1y if you get a good hand pump vacuum sealer and put it in a mason jar.  I've also repaired my backyard canopy with it.  Results were not beautiful but held up to 60mph winds and is waterproof.  Got a few more years out of my $500 gazebo."
"This product does not work as mentioned.  I had a tear in a fleece jacket I was hoping this would work on.  The gluey substance soaked through my black jacket, and failed to ""mend my tear."""
"Work great, I tore a cuff on a shirt sleeve and this fixed it in minutes. I cant see or feel any difference. I have also used it on my faux leather couch where there is some layer seperation happening. Docked one star because the fluid is very thin and tends to come out in excess despite my efforts to barely open the lid. Also a note the product dries extreamly fast so don't mess up. Very flexible though! Doesn't feel like hard glue at all."
This silly stuff works. Its nothing permanent but it can last you awhile with a reapplication maybe once.  I control inner tears rips and wear to control runaway threading.  Thank you Company.
Yet to find anything this really sticks to.
A good product to fix materials
I bought it to glue down the frazzled strands on my Berber carpet and it worked like a charm.  Look forward to using for other purposes.
"Works really really good, and makes a wonderful bond.  Worth the money,"
"Product statements seem a bit overdone, this is liquid latex.  Works surprisingly well on clothing.  Use very sparingly or it can soak thru thinner fabrics and show as a tan (?) spot on the exterior.  Use a fingertip or paint brush.  Drying the garment 'cures' the latex so it adheres better."
"Item delivered on time, was as described"
"This stuff is amazing, and so well priced! It doesn't dry completely clear, and does have a tacky finish when dry, but it's perfect for so many repairs! Cotton loop on a woven bracelet, thin strap on a cotton slip (I didn't mind that I could see the color a bit when dry, I didn't want to sew something so narrow and made of cotton... belt loop on jeans (the dry cleaner charges $10 to repair one loop, so I think the product really does pay for itself with just one repair like that). I'm recommending it to everyone!"
Doesnt work
"I bought this due to pant cuffs that have come frayed or undone at the bottom seam. I attempted to mend with sewing and I don't have that skill.  This was simple to use, and so far (after repeated washings) it has held up. What I thought was more impressive was the mending of jeans. I had a belt loop that tore off (enough to leave a hole). This fixed that issue and also has lasted.

A small deduction due to it being a bit messy (most likely due to the person using it) and that can leave a stain. It warns about this though. Also, it states that the bottle can dry out if not used for a while after opening. I hope this is not the case, as I would be wasting most of the bottle."
Amazingly Versatile
I could not beleive it actually worked as advertised.
"Save your money and buy a 97 jar of rubber cement, this stuff doesn't work. I bought to repair a small tear in a vinyl cushion, but it never dried, after several days you could easily peel it right back off."
Terrible
Never fixed any of my clothes ever and was able to fix my favorite jeans with Tear Mender! Super easy to use! Watch YouTube to get an idea on how to use! Great Product
"Didn't work, left a mess."
"This adhesive was recommended to me by a Shetland Sheepdog breeder.  It is great stuff for gluing the puppy's ears in place for a few months so they tilt at the tips properly.  Much better than tape on the ears and it lasts a long time so you don't have to reglue the ears as often.  It does not harm the dog in any way and can be removed easily from the insides of the ears and from fur when you are ready to do so.  It also has many other uses in the home and garage, so I highly recommend it."
072015 Received complete as described. 07-2015 Did not work on cotton backed PVC to PVC material.  EVW
It works well
"This product does not work on leather upholstery on a car.  We had a small tear and tried it.  It dried to a yellow color, was tacky and glue-like.  This product is a scam. Wish we could get our money back."
"This stuff is the real deal!  I think my wife would prefer that my old t-shirts go into the garbage, but this liquid gives them new life!  It is a little strange that the mender product is a pure liquid, but once you learn to work with it it is not so bad.  Recommended!"
"It rolled off after application, it was for a tear on a leather couch, like the consistency of rubber cement, very unattractive. Not clear, it looks like you used rubber cement. Didn't hold, even after multiple applications."
Have used this before. Smaller size. Mended a foot stool fabric!
THIS STUFF REALLY WORKS!
"I've been mending and fixing everything with this!  It so easy to use, and really sticks to fabrics (but not to fingers!).  I've fixed my fabric hamper, multiple sweater seams, and a hole in my pants, just to name a few.  I only wish it came in a darker color option.  But this is miracle goop and it will always be a staple in my house from now on."
"Have not had much luck with this fixing my leather chair.  It would be better for a large tear, since the patch needs to go under the current leather, but I have a pea sized hole.  Nt easy to fix."
"Tear did mend my fabrics, as they claimed it would. It was not however a permanent fix. I've since had to apply more glue after the initial application. But I can't really complain. Where else can I find a glue to mend (even if only temporarily) the stitching on a pair of sneakers?"
Works fairly well. Quick dry time but may take more than one application. Overall a good product.
"I've used it for patching, hemming, phone case repairs.  Good solution for lots of problems."
Works exactly according to the directions
IT WORKS. ALTHOUGH I WOULD LIKE IT A LITTLE THICKER.
"Yup, keep in the fridge to last longer than 12 months.
Even doing this, goes a shade of fawn colour the day after it dries, if using years after purchase. ie. does not stay white.
But it bonds cloth to cloth super well, machine wash after wash!"
What can I say. It just works. Amazing Product !!!
"its ok.... not 100% effective, but it is ok for a quick repair"
Great product
workes great and a good price.
"When used as directed, this is great stuff!  But only when used as directed and on particular materials."
works just like advertised
Works very well
"works perfectly. As a note, if you are repairing old jeans that the knees/thighs have worn through, the patch on the back side (at least this is how I do it) should be several inches larger, all around, than the area being repaired. Reason is, the tear mender will actually be stronger than the jeans, which were already worn thin. If the patch is close to the size of the opening, the jeans will tear again at the edge of the patch. I put a perimeter line of tear mender on the edge of the patch, press it into place, then add some additional tear mender around the perimeter of the worn area of the jean, sealing it to the patch. I have 4 or so pairs of pants that I have done this way, and the tear mender has never failed. Other glues/adhesives in the market take longer to dry, require ironing/pressing/clamping, or do not hold up as long as this product does. Works great on work pants, that are just going to get dirty/abused again anyway - why spend $30-$40 on a new pair of jeans, when you can just patch them up? It's not like you're going to wear them to the President's Annual Correspondence Dinner."
no good
"This stuff is really easy to work with and it works real well.  My first job with it was to bond a leather patch to a tattered corner on a Sunbrella awning, while it was still attached to the house. It applies easily and dries slow enough to allow you time to get the opposite piece applied also.  Smooths out fine, and then it bonds tight after pressing.  My material was 'heavy weight' so full drying time was 30 min. (3 min with pressure to bond, and 30 min to dry out, and in my case, to bond a second leather patch to the obverse side. Spill overs onto hard surfaces just roll off with finger pressure. Water cleanup."
I purchased this to glue some patches onto a leather vest. DID NOT WORK. It says on the bottle that it dries in 3 minutes and machine washable in 15 minutes..I let this dry for an hour and without much effort at all the patch peeled right off. This product reminds me of watered down Elmers glue. DO NOT BUY.
Nice product
"Works great, especially for clothing material"
Good stuff for gluing dog ears but I wish it was even stronger.  Basically a glorified rubber cement.  I don't know how well it would work for it's intended purpose but I still think the bond would be insufficient.
"This products does every thing they say it will do, it is exactly what I was looking for to hem jeans( I had a number of pairs that were to long) because my sewing is like my gift wrapping, it looks like I did it with my feet.
 I cut the legs 1/2 of an inch longer than I need, turn the jeans inside out, and use a pencil to mark a line on the material at 1 inch up from the cut. Then I pull the cut end of the material up to the line I marked and glue it in place.
It will leave a nice even hem that won't wash out.
 This adhesive is thin and waterproof so be careful not to get it any place where it will show."
"This stuff is GREAT!! It will glue so many things, particularly small tears in jeans, jackets, pants pockets, and other everyday clothing. If you even think this might work then try it. Buy it with canvas patches for a complete solution. Caution - use on non-visible areas and don't spill it on your clothes. It stains instantly even if you wash it immediately. Made in USA!!"
"I use this product to hem up men's denim shorts for my short legs.  Men's shorts are so ridiculously long these days.  I was pleasantly surprised how well this adhesive worked for this use.  It bonded in seconds and the bond was very strong.  So far it had maintained the bond even after repeated washings,  Just be sure of the placement before using, as you won't get a second chance due to the fast bonding."
My daughter's jacker had a tear and I was able to fix it without much effort.  I tried it on a old jacket to test and it worked like a charm. Use in small quantity.
"Have a hole in my car seat, was hoping it would mend it and seal it so it won't stretch more. Might be working some, however this product would do better if you're glue two pieces together not trying to seal a hole."
"The good: It's sticky
The bad: It's runny as hell. This should be the consistency of paste. Instead, it's the consistency of milk. It runs everywhere during application. Crappy formulation.
Unknown: The final product when dry is like dried gum, a bit stretchy. Not sure if this is good or bad yet. Durability unknown."
Didn't work as advertised for me.  Returned.
none
"Maybe it's an old product but it did not work any better, if as good as the white paste kids use. Did not work at all. Total waste of money"
Tried using it to apply patches to a leather biker vest. Followed all instructions allowed 2 days to dry and nope they peeled right off. Glue dried like Elmer school glue. Ended up using contact  cement and that worked perfect.
works great. Used to repair outdoor grill cover .it did a great job.
Did not do what it sats it does!
"works good on some fabric
not recommended if you want to fix some sheer materials.
the white color gel will soak into the fabric and from a white layer.
It is great to fix some non-noticeable area."
I use this for gluing my dogs ears upright and every other cloth / leather item I own. Best glue ever.
This stuff is amazing....I have awesome sectional with cushions that slide all over the place so I used this to glue the cushions down and viola so far so good....this stuff looks like a cheap watered down elmers glue but its def from that....def less is more and this stuff is awesome!
"I was sceptical in claims by this tear mender but it does exactly what it's supposed to do.  The leather tear repaired with this product was almost a 1/2 inch 'V' but it did what it claimed and mended the tear completely.  The instructions are easy to follow and the product is easy to apply.

Please set your expectations that the tear will not be completely removed, there will still be a slight seam where the original tear was similar to what it would look like if the repair was done with a patch or sewn.  It will, however prevent further damage and saved me from having to completely discard the furniture piece.

Give it a try, the cost is nominal compared to other repairs.  For me it worked and an added plus was that it is made in the USA and that in itself is worth the small cost."
awesome
"Excellent. Dried fast, super tacky, bonded a crocodile leather hat band to a leather bush hat."
Perfect for my vintage suede and leather treasures.
"This glue is rubber based and has the consistency of milk.  Don't just squirt it out of the bottle.  I put a few ounces in a paper cup and used a 1.5 inch disposable chip brush to apply it to both sides of the heavy canvas that I was mending.  You must work fast since it dries quickly (3 min to tack, 15 to fully dry).  But it stays pliable when dry so it works good on the canvas flexing issues.  I'm very happy with the product and it saved me big money for a replacement canvas cover."
"Worked to seal a rip, but didn't dry clear as expected."
"Did not work as a good adhesive for leather, probably would work better with fabric and vinyl.  Will keep it just to try."
"Great for all kinds of clothing damage that's difficult to sew. I've used it on a thick cashmere knit scarf (put on the back, not visible, doesn't wash out), thin velvet torn at the underarm that would have been very difficult to sew, & organza torn at the underarm that would have been impossible to sew. Less visible a fix on small moth holes than sewing, and prevents unravelling.

The only downside is that it had a short shelf life after opening (not as effective after a year) so you need to replace it before you've used much if you only use it for occasional repairs. But it's an essential part of a clothing repair kit."
This stuff really works...
Have used this item to repair Carhartt bibs on the job for many years. Being a pipefitter the threads on the seams of the front get burnt by grinding sparks and then the seam comes apart. Only takes a couple minutes to glue the seam back together.  If you don't mind the appearance you can coat the threads at the seams to start off with and have a sturdy pair of bibs. Only drawback is the latex turns dirty colored very quickly and never seems to come clean again.
works pretty good. i hate that it doesn't dry clear.
I used it on dyed leather shoes and have had a problem with one of the patches pulling loose on one side. I think I can still get it right and get the patch to stay on. I think if it was on another surface it would do a better job. It came on time and I still really like it.
"Perfect everytime,  a little goes a long way!"
"Successfully repaired 100 year old trunk leather strap. Although the strap is mainly for looks now, the product made a repair that looks great."
Works great on my table cover that had a rip.
"Be careful- it will bond better than superglue.
I may or may not have glued things with it that I hadn't originally intended on."
Great Product !!!
Did not mend my cream pleather at all... cat scratch pokey holes and tears are all highly visible. The glue dried like bad Elmer's in stringy gray waves of highly visible stickiness.
"Incredibly useful.  Exceeded all our expectations.  We use it for bookbinding and it is one of the few things that will bind stain release fabric like ""sunbrella"""
"Hint - it takes practice to not make a mess, once you master using this fabric adheasive it works well."
"The adhesive is not flexable enough, the tear came apart due to movement"
excellent
This stuff works amazingly well. Impressed.
"This stuff is great!  I am using it to create flat seams in a canvas bag I am sewing, as folded seams would be too thick for my machine.  I am thrilled with how well this works.  It is easy to apply, easy to clean up, has a very strong bond.  So good in fact, I doubt the actual sewing is necessary.  And, one great bonus, which should not go unmentioned - it is non-toxic.  I couldn't ask for better!  I am just now ordering more, in a larger size.  I plan to try it out on the backs of my kitchen rugs, to revamp the nonskid backing."
HELPED ME OUT MULTIPLE TIMES
"it doesnt work on Vinyl, which is what i needed it for."
"It dryes quick, it's easy and durable. I love it!"
I thought I give this a try to use on my 1994 Cadillac vinyl roaster top more or less velvet top and I am here to tell you this stuff works like it said takes a little more then 10 minutes but if you hold it works great. Now this is 21 years old car with 21 years old top and it glued all the seems that was coming a lose back to gather and then I let it set for 24 to 48 hours and did not come a lose at all now I am going to wash it and dye my top back black after cleaning it with Meguiars Convertible top cleaner and then black dye Renovo Soft top Reviver about $65.00 plus shipping and can get 2-coats out one bottle they have other colors also. When purchasing this Tear Mender Please make sure you shake up really good to get better results I used Hybrid derm needles to glue my top with works better then using the top. I didn't even wash the top before I did it because I wanted to be completely dry and temp was about 55 to 60 degrees in my garage at the time. I hope this help someone out there if they is using for the same thing.
okay I was amazed at how well this worked. used it on my husbands newest flannel jacket. he ripped it on a nail and this worked wonderful and holding the tear together. thanks!!
"I cannot believe how well this healed the cut in our leather couch.  It took a bit of fancy finger-work to get it to look nice, but now it is completely unnoticeable and has held up very well with 5 household members and a dog!"
Works quite well.  Happy with the price and shipping.  Item was as expected.
"So far so good! Goes on easily enough. Learn from my mistake though. I used it for one job, didn't close the cap ALL the way, then an hour later went to use it again. Must have started to dry out inside the bottle since I pushed a bit too hard and got the glue all over my desk and myself! On my computer monitor with no problems and wiped off my desk easily enough. Also once you let it dry on your skin it peels off very easily."
Worked on my Miata top
"Indispensable for wear and tear repairs on my ripstop cargo pants I wear every day. I also use it brushed on the inside of the waistbelt of my cargos in 1 1/2"" x 1 1/2"" areas adjacent to the belt loops to provide more grip. Fully loaded my cargos are 14 pounds total and before the grip points I was always pulling up my pants. I tear off a small bit of plastic wrap and after washout out the cap/nozzle with water I put the plastic wrap over the bottle top under the cap to make a better seal so the Tear Mender lasts longer."
"This product was bought for my dog's ears.... while it didn't stick for that use.  It has met and exceeded my expectation times 100.  I would not only buy it again, but recommend it to friends.  We used to it repair jeans and it has worked wonderfully"
Did not work on leather chairs.
Great products
Unbelievable product... Just wish it dried clear-- still an easy 
It sealed my tear in the leather on my carseat but it seems to now be coming off.  Not as permanent as I expected.
Got this to repair a tear in the sleeve of my leather jacket.  It worked great.  I looked at Youtube videos to find out the best way to do it.  It was pretty easy.
I repaired a black leather stool with Tear Mender.  The tear glued together nicely.  I applied black dye to cover the application.  The stool looks good.
fast shipping good product did the job
"I wear out my jeans' knees long before the rest of them go. I can patch the knees with a piece old jeans material and Tear Mender, and give my work pants another whole lifetime of usefulness. This product is not for teenagers who think ripped jeans are the coolest thing since electronic cigarettes."
"Stuff works awesome and stays flexible, i believe it is silicone glue like what is used on boxes. Used this on work pants an now the patches are stronger than the rest of the pants"
"great for making patches in jeans.injected it into vinyl flooring bubbles ,stepped on the bubble and bye bye bubble.this product was the same latex we used on sewn carpet seams decades ago.as kids, we made great boogers with it ."
"I have used this glue on many items, and it really works well.  I just used it on a leather belt that needed to be extended.  I have it on now and its still glued together.  I believe its going to stay that way for a long time.  Really great glue for all sorts of material.  I recommend on having it around."
"Depending on the weave of your fabric, its performance is less than wonderful. Look elsewhere for fabric mending. I used a wonderful product years ago that was in fact instant and performed much better than this. Tried but couldn't find it so I wasted my money on this. Perhaps it's better on leather, but on fabric it leaves so much to be desired."
This worked great for me.
cant make it any clearer than that. I would actually give it zero stars! It does say to use within 12 months. It wasn't date stamped so mine could have been made 250 years ago? I hate having my time waisted. Please don't buy this or you will have to go through the refund game or trash it and loose your money. Good luck!
This adhesive was very watery and didn't hold anything for me. Thinking I should return.
Bought this for the hubby to do quick repairs on all of the things he breaks. He has used it on a variety of things including his cargo work pants. He says it works well!
"goes on like a watery white elmers glue, dries like a clear latex. Can mend anything fabric. If used on leather, it will leave a shiny spot on the surface that is noticeably not leather, but still is better than a leather rip. If you want to mend finished leather like it ""never happened "", this is not your product. You want one of those kits that had a dye and sands down, etc. BUT, every household should have tear mender on the shelf, period! A little goes a long way!"
Finally! A product that promises to bond in minutes! It actually does.  Yay! Definitely recommend this product.  :-)
I've used this glue to fix rips and tears in fabric.  This is my second bottle.  I like it a lot.
"This stuff is excellent. I use it to patch jeans ,etc for work."
Works like a charm! Fixed so many clothes which were considered as a lost called.
best  on things other than leather
"purchased from ebay....this stuff isn't even glue....it holds nothing.....if you buy this junk, please report this product to the internet fraud site...."
Like trying to glue using 2% milk...runs everywhere and no adhesion.  Waste of $
"Highly recommended. I used it to fix a ripped leather jacket, and it worked like a charm."
"Didn't stick very well and left a gummy residue.  It dries white/beige, so don't use it where it will show."
Works on leather well.  Can leave white marks on some fabric.
Bought this to repair tears in my dark brown faux leather sofa.  It matched really well and did the trick!
Use this adhesive all the time to hem my grandsons pants. Works great!
this works good sooo far. would recommend it. Wonder if it would work to kep my mouth shut?  JK
"Didn't work for me. I have a leather couch the has a small (1/4"") tear from a dog claw. It just wouldn't keep the edges together to fix the tear. It is inexpensive and might be worth the cost to try it for you, but it didn't work on my couch for damage from a pup."
Amazing stuff.  Stronger than iron-on patches but take care not to use too much or the cloth can become stiff and abrasive.  My knee patches are still holding but are uncomfortable to wear for more than an hour or two.
Directions not quite clear how to use.  Did not specify how much to use.
"The stuff works, it is a little tacky when applying it and it is a little stiff when it dries. But, it does stop leather from tearing"
Worked wonders on a torn suede jacket!
Very good product I can recommend it for several applications !
nice!
it works
Good product
"A very good product that works well with most tears.  However, where the materials is thin, or the tear is in an odd angle or a part of a chair that
compresses and continues to stretch, it may require a second coating, or a plastic strip to ensure a firm hold."
Holds many fabrics together. I like to add a stitch or two to create a secure repair. Use this for fixing tents etc.
Would order again!
Not totally pleased with it - the glue sipped through the fabric & it's bonding is okay.
great product
"So far I am pleased with it, but I think it should be a little thicker. I have used it on a sandal thong that was coming apart and so far so good.  I have also used it on sheets that the seam came apart on. That is also holding."
My husband uses this to mend his work pants and coveralls. It saves money in the long run!
Used to repair a tear in leather sofa. easy to use and worked very well.
Fixed a cut in my new pair of sheets. and the velcro on my left side of my coat was rubbing against my right sleave and causing abrasion and tares. This worked perfectly. This does what it says it does without any color change. My coat is a canadian goose down black in color. It dries with no shine. it is invisible. I will be keep this on hand
Works great
This stuff is simply amazing!
Purchased to glue (train) my puppy's ears- worked very well. ( breeder recommended)
"Really impressed with the results, I would recommended to people.  A++"
"This stuff arrived as promised, but it was solid as is in it had already set up. I ordered 4 bottles and all of them were worthless. I suggest going to a fabric store and try to get some there, because there you can pickup the bottle and determine if it is a liquid like it supposed to be or if it has setup and you cant use it."
"I don't know why others say this dries clear or is tan/brown.  My bottle dries white.

If the patch is to be purely functional and you don't care how it looks, this works well.  If you are applying something to the surface (a badge, etc.) this would work if one is very careful -- see below.

But if it is for an item that you care about, extreme care must be taken when using this to make sure that, when finished, not a single tiny drop is visible on the outside of the garment, or you will have a white splotch.  If the fabric is at all open weave -- even a normal cotton -- you have to be really careful and only use a tiny amount or it will bleed through.  If the fabric is at all sheer, this doesn't work at all. I have found no way to remove excess from fabric once it touches, even if I try to remove it immediately.

The product is very thin and liquid, so the squeeze bottle top is useless;  you just can't control it enough.  I pour some out and use a toothpick to apply to the fabric.  Again, use absolutely the smallest amount and thinnest layer you can, or you risk having it bleed through.

If you get bleed through or have any excess showing, I have not found any way to remove it from the fabric.  A lot of my clothes are black, and I have done some adequate touch up with a Industrial Sharpie (which is different from a regular Sharpie) but it would be hopeless with any other color cloth.

I would never use this for anything that could be done with a needle and thread (hems, etc) simply because there is too much risk of bleeding through.  However, there are those things (tears, etc) where this is the best option, but be very careful.

Despite the apparent per oz. cost saving of the larger bottle, it probably isn't worth purchasing.  You only use a tiny amount per repair. The container says it is best to use within a year of purchase, and when I recently opened the container, which I have had less than a year, there was a blob of solid latex filling the top half of the container.  I did pull it out, and there was liquid below, which I used, but I don't yet know if that remaining liquid was viable.  It seems to have held, but it's been too soon to tell if it will last.

And, when pulling out the congealed latex, it really made a mess, so if I ever try that again I will do it at the bottom of a deep sink or bucket."
It works!
Good stuff
Works well.
Used once so far on a wind shirt. Worked fine. Will update with more uses.
Great stuff to glue your product down. I tore my leather jacket and glued it down. Looks good.
Crappie glue. I won't buy it again
Great product. I've used it for years. It's the absolute best for mending work clothes.
i don't know
Good repair tool. I recommend.
I hope it worked.  I applied it to a tear on my motorcycle gloves but I haven't worn them yet.
Just as described!  Great seller!  This product is amazing!
"This Tear Mender is actually pretty awesome.  At first, I thought I wasted my money but was too lazy to send it back.  It comes out very loose.. I was initially turned off by that.. But once it dries...MANNNNNNNNN it's awesome.  My daughter's belt loop popped a loose... I used this product and let it dry.. The next day it was like new and to this day (1 month later) it's still in tact."
The product was dried out when i got it!!
Works well on blankets and couches!!
Didn't stick as well as I thought
worked great! Fast too!
"Hey, this stuff works great to patch my jeans.  And the patches stay put.  When you finish your patch and put the lid back on the bottle use some cellophane wrap then screw the lid down.  That way the product I'll not dry out before the bottle I'd used up."
"I was skeptical, but this stuff really works.  Just rub it on with your finger and it bonds torn fabric and upholstery.  Excess is easily removed from fingers and smooth surfaces by rubbing after it has dried.  It appears to contain Latex, so if you are allergic, wear gloves."
I use this to patch tears and holes in my Carhart coveralls.  works great.
Good stuff
The glue was runny. I bonds well but leaves  glue stains.
When I receive Instant Adhesive it was dried up and rubbery. It was not usable.
works great
Worked well for my repair of the rip in my couch.
As advertised
Amazing stuff
Very good at leather. Only marginally beaten by E6000 in my tests
Doesn't work.
Works great for cloth repairs.  Sets fast.  Strong.
"Dog's sharp talons did a number on our leather recliner, just on scratch that penetrated. I used it on the two inch hole and it seemed to work. I can see the scratch but the hole is no more."
This is a super product.  Adhesive was used to repair upholstery in auto.  Held up well and easy to use.  Recommend highly
Must read instructions to understand what this product shoes be used for. Be weary of using this product on something that is visible.
Product arrived on time and without any damage. Product was as stated in the description.
Used for a couch and works great... will try on other items
"CANT GET IT SICK ON BOND  TO  ANYTHING,  TRIED IT BY BONDING 2 PIECES OF LEATHER  TOGEATHER  LET DRY OVERNIGHT/  PULLED GENTLEY CAME RIGHT APART  CRAZY GLUE LEATHER/ WOOD  WAS NO PROBLEM"
Love it
adhesive doesnt hold to fabric too well.
OMG! I've been searching for a product like this FOREVER! I fixed a rip in a very expensive leather jacket that I thought was a goner for sure! :)
"I purchased the leather repair kit for my leather car seats. It did such a great job on a very large tear, right at a seam. I was pleasantly surprised how well it worked. So much so that I didn't panic when I put a small rip in my new leather coat; you can barely see the tear -- only if you're looking for it. The KITs worked so well and was so impressed with the fabric mender portion that I bought a backup bottle for other projects."
Great product.  Works kinda of like liquid bandage.  It blends very well with nylon fabric of a goose down jacket I had to repair.
this product works!!! that's all I have to say.
I bought this product to repair a tear in my vinyl flooring and WOW was I shocked by how well it works!
Glues jeans so well (overlapped material) that material will rip b4 glue let's go. I am astounded. Never imagined it would work that well. That old man on the bottle must be a genius.
Absolutely awesome stuff. I've fixed a split seam on my X-country ski boots on the protective flap over the laces and it seesm stronger than the original. I then fixed slices in my son's ski pants. Fantastic. I expect I will find many more uses.
Had no indication anywhere on Amazon or from Internet sources that the glue would not work on nylon. DOES NOT WORK ON NYLON
Don't waste your money. I applied it as carefully as I could. Waited for it to dry. It did nothing to repair a very minor tear in a vinyl fabric cover.
Love it
"first time I have tried it, so far it is working great used it on my flannell pagamas that had a 2 inch rip on the leg, washed it 3 times so far and it is holding up great."
Excellent price and product!
"It appears to preform as advertised. So far, I like it."
I had a leather bottom tufted sofa where a button fell off and I did not repair right away. The hole where the previous button was attached by twine from top to bottom with another button on the cushion had become enlarged. I cut away the jagged edges of leather from the hole and cut a small insert of supplied leather (for repair) to insert under the hole to be attached by Tear Mender. I was hoping the new insert would mend to the underside of the leather and I could tuft a new button completing the repair. The repair was very satisfactory done with crazy glue. Maybe I can use for other fabric repairs but the is product was a fail for my circumstances.
"Product is easy to use, & so far has worked as promised.  Have yet to wash an item I used it on."
"This product simply does not work.  I took a patch, applied the glue as directed, clamped the patch to another piece of leather so as to make good contact, let it set overnight and in the morning the patch just peeled off with little effort.  Complete waste of my time and money.  Avoid this product.  Wish I could get my money back."
great
Have used this product for several years--This is a refill--
It was cheap and  I used it once. After that it just harden itself.
I have been using this stuff for years and I can't say enough good about it.  It can be a bit messy as it is a liquid but you figure it out as you go.  I have used it for quickie hem jobs rather than basting tape prior to sewing.  A tip you have to watch your fabric for bleed though especially with finer material.
Very happy with results
When I got this product I was expecting to fail and to my surprise I was wrong. This product works great it fixed my belt. I love it.
Worked great and blended in well with the color of the seat
Tried it on leather seat in my car.  It didn't hold.  Will try again later.
didn't work on bulky wool socks and I got a latex reaction. Probably works good.
My husbands leather chair has a small tear on one of the arms. I used this to mend it. So far it's kept it from tearing anymore so it did the job. ( it did stay a little sticky for a couple of days.)
Did the job. Easy to use. It is clear so that color match is not an issue.
Does what it claims to do. Does it well.
repaired a tear in a leather coat.  great
"Purchased this to repair a rip that wasn't along a seam.  It didn't dry clear.  It remained sticky even after drying so it collected dirt and debris from walking around in the shoes.  The adhesive didn't hold so I wound up having to sew the leather closed but I couldn't remove all the adhesive so I still have a yellowish discoloration on my white shoes.  This product would work well for adhering soles, any part of the shoe that isn't readily visible."
great way to mend small holes or tears in Leather or Vinyl
great stuff for fabric
"Actually works great.  Have pockets on the back of your jeans with edges that curl up?  Glue them down.  Also great for patches.  I even used it on my desk where paint was peeling/curling back.  ...and as it says, it will not glue skin.  Great item.  I'm very happy with it."
The liquid is very runny and dries fast so you have to have every thing laid out. It dried in a gray color so be careful of over runs and have dye ready to cover any seams.
This stuff is horrible!!!  The glue is so messy and it leaks through thin fabrics making a big mess.  I do not understand any of the 5 star reviews.  This was a big waste of money!!!
works on most things
Good stuff
"I followed the directions and it did not make my small (quarter inch) tear any better.  Product may be good, but just wasn't for me."
Works great.
When I bought this I really did not think it would work - I had an oddly shaped tear in at the top of a leather couch... Its in a crease but in an area that does get pulled when someone sits in teh couch. I did the repair about a month ago and I'm 1) Shocked it worked and 2) amazed its still holding.  Worked GREAT for me
Fix my car seat without a hitch
"Holds fine, but if you use too much, it bleeds through the fabric. It's best to look up the directions online before starting. The directions on the bottle are sketchy."
Didn't work as expected.
only held fabric on my armrest together for less than a week :(
"Didn't work for me. I tried it on a fabric chair and it didn't adhere at all -- just left a white gooey mess. And I tried it on the strap of a faux leather handbag. It did seem to stick but then as it dried, I noticed the sticky white rubbery film on my grey bag -- not a good look at all. It doesn't seem durable either. Don't waste your money."
i used both glues together tear mender is faster
"I tore my very old leather jacket in an inconspicuous place on the sleeve. I applied this product weeks ago and forgot about it. Every so often I check the tear. after several weeks it is still holding its own. I cannot tell you how this product will work on areas that receive a lot of stress. My guess is if you set the tear properly, you would be good to go."
Works
"I used this to repair a tear in my leather jacket. I glued the leather to a fabric patch behind it and although it is not invisible, it does not stand out or look tacky."
"This worked very well on two torn calfskin coats. I watched a video on UTube about repairing tears in leather, and it was EASY!"
Works as expected .
I used my tear mender to seal up my sofa. I followed the instructions on the bottle and it worked. I still can notice where the tear was but it is not obvious like how it use to be. Thank you Tear mender.
Does not work on leather
"great product, much easier to use than iron on patches, and no hard patch spot.  will be darker than the natural fabric color."
"I tried to use this on cracked leather seats in my car. Generally the leather is in good condition but in one spot it is cracking and I wanted to make sure the existing cracks stayed in place and did not tear the material any further. For the most part, the product worked well even if it was a little difficult to use. I tried to put some of the glue in the cracks and then hold the leather in place and wait the few minutes for it to dry, which worked well. Where I made my mistake was trying to wipe away the excess while it was still wet (glue comes out fast), which then made the glue pill and stick to itself. I ended up with a lot more glue in the cracks that protruded, which I had to pull out and then redo. My advice to anyone attempting a similar project is to be patient and trust that the glue will dry clear and you will be able to clean up any overspill later."
Used this to repair my leather couch.  Drys very quick.  Make sure you position in ahead.  You literally have a 1 second setting period.  Once you press the leather to the patch it will adhere instantly.  Patch has lasted 2 years and going strong. I can confirm that this adhesive can be dyed with acrylic leather dye.
"We were using it to glue our Shelties ears down upon a suggestion from the breeder, it did however not really live up to the need, as it seems to dry up and let go after just a short term. The last thing I wanted to do is chase down a puppy every other day to glue her ears, If I had to do it again, I'd use the medical glue for colostomy uses."
"I researched a lot of different options before choosing Tear Mender for my new leather jacket. I had just bought the leather jacket 2 days before it got caught on a metal piece of a mirror which left a 1/2 inch nick on the arm, and I was so upset! I specifically searched for reviews from people who had mended a leather jacket, since the quality of the mend could be different than that of a leather couch or purse. One reviewer mentioned that it does not do well under tension. Women's leather jackets are under more tension than men's jackets since we wear them tighter, but my mend has held under the tension.

It does dry clear and it seems to be like the rubber cement glue that we used in elementary school. I tried applying a little more on top of the first coat because it didn't look perfectly smooth, and the first coat just peeled right off when I tried to smooth it over. This wasn't a problem since it didn't leave any residue. I just started over again, and it worked fine the second time when I left it alone for a few minutes. My jacket is made of a lighter brown leather and the mend blends in with the rest of the jacket.

The nick on my jacket was not a tear or rip, but it was rather a sort of ""cut"" or ""slice"". I can't say how it would work on a more serious tear, but with the past experience, I would definitely be willing to use this for future clothing mends."
like it
"This is ok on the easy mends, but when the repairs are hard to get to or prone to gravity, the product runs and doesn't set up.  Buy the smaller bottle and try that first."
Nothing works better then tear mender to glue patches of fabric and leather to your clothes.
"This product was recommended for making roman shades. I used it on wooden dowels and fabric. I had to use quite a bit for it to stick and the instructions say that it dries in 15 minutes but, even with just a drop, it took a few hours to dry. It also said it was machine washable in an hour but, obviously, that wouldn't work either. I made sure I shook up the bottle very good too but, that didn't seem to make a difference"
It's what I need it to be. It is great for repairing fabric or leather. Care needed to keep it where intended. Gives a great secure bond.
don't waste your money it doesn't hold leather together
Great product
Great adhesive for our leather couch. We had a small tear and this did the job.
Good product! And it has arrived really fast <3
Always works great
"By pure stupidity I put a couple of dime size holes in my Clam ice fishing shanty.  I did some research and came across Tear Mender. No reviews talked about fixing ice shanties, but I thought I would give it a try and glad I did.  Luckily I had some fabric which resembled that of the Clam shelter and slapped it on.  First I put the mender on the shanty then on the fabric patch and pressed it firmly together.  In a matter of minutes the fabric adhered to the shanty and when I checked on it about 15 minutes later it was a permanent fix.  So far the patches are staying on and the holes are covered.  One little hole will quickly become a larger hole and then it would be expensive to purchase a new cover from Clam.  Give it a try and see what happens."
"This is a wonderful discovery.  It fixes so many things, like leather straps on shoes, watches, pocketbooks, etc.  I love it."
This stuff is AMAZING! I didn't want to pay $200 to replace some splitting pull straps on a designer handbag and this did the job with no evidence. I have also used it on a clothes with no problem!
"Exceeded my wife's expectations. We have been blown away, what we were able to repair with this (and how GREAT it looks, post-repair!) 2 Leather sofa cushions. A dress. Several different pairs of jeans. Buy this product without fear. Works great."
I bought this product which intended use of fixing my danner boots. I have repaired my boots they are still fixed after one week of working youth. I have also used it to repair a cut in my truck seating I used a piece of cloth as a backer and glued it to the seat to close up the car
"This stuff is great ! I've used this on my husbands dress slacks for work. Used on hems, seams, small tears near pockets and the product does an exceptional job. Holds up even in laundry. I use a tiny paint brush to apply and that's it. No more sewing !"
Worthy of 10 starts in my opinion.  I've used it to repair countless items around the house.  The only downfall is that it doesn't dry clear.
"strong, don't use too much as it expands as it dries and will expand outside of the edges"
"it's okay product, not very impressive. Does not adhere very tight. Not easy to apply, but does the job.
buyer pays attention, there are two different packaging from amazon. One outperforms towards another. be aware."
"Git this to mend a torn hem in our Durablend sofa. It didn't hold and the glue dries WHITE which is really unattractive. Ended up using Loctite indoor adhesive which worked better, but still not perfect."
Worked great for a rip in my boots!
It works well for general use. stick firmly. But it is NOT suitable for fine cloth and silk! i tried.
Amazing product!!
It's great
Good stuff
Works well.
I'm giving it three stars because I do think its a good product but I used it on my leather gloves it it was just OK. And the lack of another star was the fact that the whole bottle hardened after only about three months. So if you do intend to buy it buy a small bottle cause it will harden fast
WORKS GOOD
Arrived on time and as described.  Like many available products.
Was using to to repair a slight tear in my leather car seat.  Ended up using super glue.
Didn't hold any of the things I attempted to mend....Bummer!
Thanks!
This stuff works absolutely great! Fixed a car seat and my girlfriends fashion leather boots with a tear. She compensated me. :)
Glad small-sized product because it doesn't last long. Gets non sticky after a little while.
"Woa... this stuff actually works!!!  Billy Mays, thanks (may you RIP)!!!

My cat made some small tears on the couch.  I went in, flattened the tiny tears out, put some of this stuff on, let it dry.. holy crap I can't even see any hint of a tear unless I really really really look.

I've also used it on an old pair of jeans with some patching from the bottom of the jeans.  They survived a few washes thus far, and now I'm hooked.  I'm just waiting for my stupid cat to tear s*** up, so I can go in and do some repairing (because it's soo satisfying!)"
worked as expected
"Fixed a tear on the back on our couch, the seam was pulled loose and there was very little fabric to work with. Even so, this glue worked and it dries clear."
This stuff is the best. It works on everything from pet ears to carpet. Would definitely recommend!
"Wow, what a mistake this was.  I read the reviews and thought I understood the pitfalls.  I tried to be careful, but that glue just comes flying out of the bottle.  Then it dries so fast you can't even wipe it off in the excess places.  Even where I succeeded in only squirting a tiny amount of glue, as the reviewers advised, it was still too much.  The glue seeps through the cloth and dries rapidly, leaving a white glue spot.  I tried to mend a skirt hem this way, and probably ruined the skirt.  If you have things you can glue that are thicker, maybe you won't have this problem, but on a normal skirt fabric, ugh.  I was trying to get something half the price of Mighty Mendit, but I will go back to using Mighty Mendit--which dries clear!"
"Short of reupholstering you are not going to get much better.  The product did not discolor, or leave unslightly marks on the velvet couch that the dog got to know.  The tear is holding together and I don't expect much wear because it is on the flap at the bottom. Hopefully I won't need it for anything else but if I do I will post again."
AAA product
"Third order, this stuff is so versatile. I've used it to patch holes in jeans, gloves, hats, socks, and jackets, and to repair seams on pants, handbags, curtains and camping equipment."
"This product worked just as I hoped it would. I bought it to mend a ripped vinyl and canvas sandal and it did the job!
I hope to use it on many more things in the future."
Works great.  Thanks for the prompt service.
Great stuff. I used it to glue leather pads in the back of some slip-on shoes that were a little too slip. The pads get a lot of wear as the shoes go on and off and while walking... the glue is holding them in place just fine.
Works better than expected!!
"While it is helpful...I ruined a top I tried to mend due to the white gum appearance! I mended some arch support bands as well. Seems to have done the job, dried clear (weird considering the before mentioned) but left them feeling sticky!!! I don't think I love this stuff!"
This did not work on fabric nor leather.  Elmer's glue works better.
"I used this to glue 2 pieces of fairly thick leather together, and so far they are holding well.  It is nicely flexible and easy to work with.  It also dries fairly quickly which is convenient."
"too runny, shows thru cloth."
"Works great, but it dries and looks like chewing gum. The hole is fixed, but someone stuck double bouble in it."
worked really good and fast as advertised.
"Bought to repair very small holes in ""pleather"" - granted, it may not be made for such an application, but my interpretation was that it was.  Oh, well - the holes aren't that bad...."
I bought this to repair a hole/tear in our leather coach and I was surprised how strong it has held together. Then I saw that I could use it for clothes. I went to town glueing holes together in various clothing items. Love this stuff!
Works great for small repairs. I added a patch to my jeans with it.
Good stuff! Recommend it!
Did not work as expected.  Glue dried a cloudy white color like Elmer's glue.  It only stuck the places where the leather had a visible opening.  The small pin holes did not hold the glue at all.  Not worth the money
Terrible product...once dried leather becomes stiff and not mendable which causes more cracks.
"My husband is an Ironworker, and I can't tell you how much money we've spent on new jeans for him, because he gets so many rips or burns at work. This stuff is FANTASTIC. I took the worst pair and cut patches to fix all his holey jeans. It adheres right away and stands up to washing. I wish I would have found it sooner!"
This product does exactly as it claims.
"as I haven't used this product as of yet, according to the label it will, at the very least, it is good for tacking on appliques, patches and such until every thing can be sewn on"
worked well in helping us 'hem' a fabric shower liner that was too long for our weirdly sized shower / tub combination.
10/10
"The best pant patch ""glue"" ever made, and my guys are ROUGH on pants/patches. Dirt, Wear, Grease, and Oil!! The BEST!! I wouldn't think of using the sewing machine again to patch pants, or any denim weight material."
junk
"I used it to fix a tear on a fabric window blind. It feels a little ""rubbery"", but it looks pretty good- much better than it did."
"I am 80% satisfied with the glue. It bonds the back side of the leather
perfectly but it won't bond the smooth part of the leather. I figured out a
way to make it work for me. However, it does dry fast and bonds like it's
no-one's business. I just wish it did the same with the smooth part of the
leather."
Haven't done a really big test but on the small things so far it is perfect.
"This stuff works great, better than any fabric glue I've ever tried!"
"not what i was expecting, the adhesive did the job but it's runny and it easily soaked through the fabric.  I did shake well as directed and the adhesive consistency is like water, I was hoping something closer to Elmers glue.  On the back label it says ""Best if used within 12 months of purchase"" just to let you know."
"Love it, I use it to fix all my work pants"
Great stuff! Glues fabric like a dream!
I was a skeptic ... but you know it really worked .... saved a leather car seat ... easy to use .... follow the directions
nice
Works great.
We have a box window behind our one couch. The problem with the window is that the dogs and kids like to climb up there and some tears in the couch have popped up. My wife bought this hoping to close them up and it worked exactly as advertised. It has been a few months and it has held great despite the traffic.
"Not what I was expecting.  The glue is very runny and doesn't dry fast at all. Soaks right through fabrics, so takes a lot preparation and patience.  Pretty strong though. Not recommended for fabrics. Probably works well with vinyl and leather."
Tear mender is great for gluing table tennis rubbers to blades.  It is essentially the same water based glue sold by table tennis equipment companies but costs quite a bit less.  I've been using it for about two years now.
I purchased this product to do some leather repairs to my auto upholstry but have not gotten around to completing the task. I feel confident it will do the job since my wife has also used this product in her sewing 3projects and was quite satisfied.
"Worked fine for leather couch repair, it looks like after it is dry, it becomes clear. I also used it to repair an outdoor sandal, worked fine too."
Just what I needed very good product.
Horrible product!!! Dose not work at all. Save your $$$$$
"Please don't waste your money! As a sewer and crafter, I have never seen such an awful product for fabric. It is so thin that it soaks through the fabric, even layers, and after several hours, dries to a sticky yellow mess that can not be removed yet somehow does not bond fabric together. Of course my fabric was ruined. This does not dry in three minutes yet can not be washed out either. There is nothing instant about it except the big mess it makes. Stick to Elieens."
I didn't care too much about the panels since they were a Groupon purchase and pretty inexpensive. This turned out to be a great purchase to join the panels to really help blocking the sun from coming through.
It did fix one of the two intended belts and a half resoled shoe. I plan on reapplying to the underside of the cracked leather belt.
Works like it should
"First time using this product and it worked amazingly well. It can be messy on your fingers ""pasting"" together the frayed sides of a fabric tear, so you might want to wear disposable or kitchen gloves. Very happy with the results."
excellent product
"Really great stuff, once opened it will not last long, but works for me."
works just as advertised
This worked wonders!!!
One of the best all around glue products I have so far.
Good product for my boots!
Works as advertised and they give you enough to reconstruct an entire cow.  Buy with confidence!
Love the stuff  !
"it does hold (adhere) to some fabrics.  test it on an inconspicuous spot of fabric before applying it.  I used it on black polyester and it left a white stain.  also, the smell of this product has an offensive odor.  tried it on a tear on car seat, and it did not work.  sorry, but would not recommend this product."
"I wanted to wait awhile before I reviewed this product. I wanted to make sure it would act as described. So far so good. I used this to repair a leather car seat the had apparently been cut with something. Probably someone had something in the pocket and getting out of the car it sliced into the edge of the seat. In a very awkward spot. Almost right on the edge near the binding. I cut a small piece of ridged interfacing to put under the fabric. Glued it down and let it sit overnight. It sealed very well and is still holding. The rip now looks like a crease in the leather fabric. This works very well. I put the seal back over top of the bottle hoping to lengthen the shelf life. I read here that once opened it has a tendency to harden in the bottle, We will see how well that works."
This stuff works!
Works well.
works good but does leave a brownish tinge
I applied this product as directed. Five days later it is still not dry and looks terrible. I was excited to try this product. I am so disappointed. Now I have to replace rather than repair. I have used other products successfully and had hoped that this would work as well.
Works well
Great Stuff for the Hard Working Man
"Simply falls off and/or peels off the patched area.  I am very disappointed with this product, but you gotta live and learn.............This is a worthless product."
Works great.  Used it on leather and holds well
"It does adhere very well to material. I had a tear in the front croutch area of a pair of faded blue jeans that I was able to make an unnoticable repair to (probably because it was near a seam).  I then tried to mend a small hole on the buttcheek of my tan cargo pants.  I applied the glue form the inside and folded the material over to close the hole.  It did fix the hole, but it is a noticeable repair.  People kept telling me I had sat on something and it was still on my pants.  The glue does not dry clear (as mentioned on the bottle) and it did remain a little rubbery feeling even after washing.  I sit in a blue cloth material chair at work where perhaps the rubberiness of the repair picked up some blue fibers to make the repair area stand out.  Overall it does work, but depending upon where the mend is determines how noticable it will be.  I do think it is something good to have on hand not only for the purposes used above, but for its many other uses."
I love this fabric glue...works great on tears and mending.
"Purchased to patch a hole in a leather chair. It appears to be a thinned out rubber cement. It may work okay on fabric, but it is useless on non-porous material like leather"
I used this to repair a tricky spot on a red leather purse and it worked well. It dries really fast which is great because I had to hold the piece in place. It does dry to be a tan color but I expected this. The glue is easy to clean up and washes right off your hands. When my purse was dried there was a little glue around the seem but I was able to remove this and now the repair is barely noticeable. It's not perfect but it saved my favorite purse so it was well worth it!
"who knew something that's been around since the 30's would be the best thing I found for hemming pants and making repairs...
works on pants,drapes and thngs I haven't thought of yet"
"I  bought it to attach embroidered fabric patches to a leather vest. Sort-of works. They are attached, but can easily be just peeled off with little difficulty. So I guess I will have too sew them on. On the plus side, excess just peels off the leather so cleanup is easy. I did not try it to bond fabric to fabric. Perhaps it works better for that application."
"If you are looking for a product to repair leather this is not the one to use. I purchased the tear mender instant fabric & ""leather"" adhesive to repair some minor cracks/rips on my car seat. All it did was leave a film of goop that did nothing to repair the leather. It may work on fabric, but if you have torn leather this product will not work."
I use this on jeans all the time . My boyfriend wears jeans to work and they get worn fast. I fix the holes and tears and now get my moneys worth out of them. Holds up after many washes.
Tear mender glue.
"It does what it says it will on jeans, though I haven't washed them since I did the repairs, But, as others have mentioned, it's very thin, and if you put enough of it on to make it work correctly, it will leave a noticable light brownish stain on the fabric around the repair spot. I used it for work jeans, so the stain doesn't really bother me. I would def not use it on good clothes that you want to keep looking good, though!"
Did not work
"Glued my fake leather seats on my car. I didn't care for the look, just didn't want it to get worse. This works! And I don't even see any glue residue."
Works well as long its not hot out side. The glue keeps melting when its hot out side. It never falls off but i slides all over the place.
It's not that great as how people paint it to be. Dries slow. Doesn't hold well. Quickly removable off skin.
waste of money. didn't stick to anything but my fingers.
Not what i expected.
"If you would like the tears you have to appear to be filled with a very visible white, pearly goo, this is the product for you.  My ottoman had tears from the cats.  The tears are filled.  With a very unpleasant looking substance.
What. A pricey super-glue."
"Do not buy! I (attempted) to use to adhere a broken belt loop. I applied and the let the product dry overnight. It only held for a few hours. Upon trying to reapply, the product spewed all over a $55 dollar pair of Levi's and ruined them. It now looks like I sat in white paint. Not only a waste of the money I spent to purchase it, but also cost me the money I spent on my jeans and the new pair I must now buy. Extremely frustrated and disappointed with this product."
not very good for boat seats
"I recommend this product. It indeed works.  I used it and it is quite effective. There is one thing I will say..  Be careful how you put it on the tear or what you are mending. When it dries, you might not like how it appears. Use careful judgment before you use the product. I would use it for tears or any mending. It is quite strong. I used it on a sofa/couch. I was really shocked at how well it worked."
"This is most possibly the best glue ever for fabrics. I bought it when I found out the seamstress charges $10 to attach each patch to a varsity jacket! Well, that just was not affordable. I thought I would try it with a small one and it worked perfectly. After a year, the patch continues to hold with no trouble.  The only thing consumers are to know is that it is VERY LIQUID!!!!  so if you think it is like wood glue....IT IS NOT!...be careful or it will run all over the place and then it makes a mess.  My suggestion is to do what I do and it is to pour a little bit into a paper cup and with a brush apply to the item you want to use it with. It adheres VERY QUICKLY so work fast, if the item is large either get another person to help or go in parts.  All in all a fantastic product. I have used it for many things now."
I bought it to mend a tear in the fabric of my outdoor glider.  I didn't work for me.
"This was purchased to help adhere leather pockets on the back of leather front seats... It would not adhere. I tried to hold etc.. But, nothing worked .. Maybe it does for other things.. Just not for my needs."
product was as advertised fast delivery
Did a poor job of holding tear together
As expected. Works great on jeans.
"I had a couple leather/kangaroo hide hats that needed some attention. The straps around the hat had become loose and were falling off in areas because of a lot of use on the hiking trails. These hats are expensive so simply replacing them did not seem reasonable. I bought the tear mender and gave it a try. This is good stuff.

Tear Mender comes out of the bottle bright white and very thin. This surprised me. It is almost like water in consistency. Keep this in mind when applying because it can run very easily and get away from you. This also means a little goes a long way. One bottle will fix a lot of items. I did three hats and I barely used any at all. The white color will fade upon drying and it is not at all noticeable on my hats.

The glue bonds very quickly. This is a good thing because you don't have to stand holding the mended item for 20 minutes. In a minute or two the bond is fairly strong. That being said, don't mess around when using this stuff. Be accurate when you are placing the two surfaces together. If you miss, you will have a hard time pulling the two pieces apart.

As I said earlier, I used the tear mender on hats which are not put under a lot of stress. I don't know how it would work on jeans or shirts. However, the bond is strong and I think this product would work well in a lot of apparel applications."
This is the best glue I've used for. Fabric and shoes.
"Perfect! Worked as expected. I originally purchased this for an outdoor project, however, I used it on a pair of sandals. The back strap on my sandal broke in an awkward position. I thought I would have to get them fixed by a professional, until I ordered tear mender. It worked like a charm! I have worn the sandals several times with no problem."
"I really like this product! The quantity supplied will last through many projects. It was easy to apply, as suggested, by pouring onto a hard surface and then brushing it onto the torn area. I used it to mend the top toe area of my husband's trail running shoes. I did both shoes, so they would match. The substance dried pretty clear. Someone said it dries beige, so I was a bit concerned about 'accenting' a grey and black shoe. Looks fine!"
The fact that if have repurchased it at least twice indicates how usesul it has been for me. I do heartily recommend it.
I tried this on a small tear on my leather door panel and it dried yellow and the glue come off very easily. It's no bueno!
"While channel surfing I found this item on a TV shopping network.  Went right to Amazon, found a smaller size (so I could try it) and received it promptly.  I had a ""knock around"" pocket T that had a hole in the pocket and repaired it easily and quickly.  Later, the grandkids pulled a ""string"" from our lenai/porch carpeting and that was repaired quickly as well.  Neither of the two repairs are noticeable.......great product, just wish I knew it existed long before this."
"I've patched two pairs of jeans with this and they are both holding up great!  One was the knee of a pair of work jeans that get knelt in and dirty often, and the patch is flexible, durable and holds up well with washing.  The other patch I made was on a pair of thin fabric jeans that ripped along the seam about halfway between ankle and knee.  The patch isn't noticeable and has held up with washing as well."
"This adhesive is great! I tried it on all sorts of fabrics and it holds superbly. My son's cotton shirt had a small hole so we tried it on that now it's fixed, and still holding even after 2 washes. Our leather sectional had a small tear in the back of it and now it's completely sealed. I don't think there's a material out there that this won't bond. Great product. Wish I would've heard of it sooner."
"I looked at a variety of leather repair choices and none had stellar reviews. This one had 4 stars so I gave it a try. If you follow instructions (like putting cloth behind the tear and glue on both surfaces), it works great. It appears to be some type of rubber cement that is flexible when dry. It was worth the price. Avoid the dollar store kits."
I bought this to use on a GSD pup with a floppy ear.  I found it really too runny for this purpose and prefer the brush on glue for dogs.  It does work well for repairing leather.  I have a leather chair that had a rip and it bonded well.  I would still prefer to use a brush on glue over the liquid form.
"Took a few glue applications to glue 2 breath right strips to the dogs ear. After the 3rd try worked out nicely. The glue is more of rubber glue consistency than anything else. I was worried it was more of super glue type. Have not removed yet, but one of the strips on day 3 started coming loose, seemed easy to remove at that point if I wanted to, I just applied a little more glue at that spot to keep it on."
We have a pottery barn leather sofa that developed a small tear about the size of a nickel. I wasn't about to spend $150 on a professional to come and fix it so I looked into alternatives. At first I wasn't happy because it seemed to be very visible but after a few weeks the bright white glue faded and became much less visible. However I would recommend using the tear mender kit that comes with the leather coloring to properly cover up a tear in leather. It's only a few bucks more and you get this product as well as a patch kit and colors to help disguise the tear. Overall its a very easy to use product that isn't too expensive for fixing up minor tears. I would recommend also using a small fine tip brush to apply this product to ensure precise application because it can come out of the applicator quite quickly and you don't need to use too much
I was shaving pills off a bright red turtleneck with a ladies razor and tore a small hole into the turtleneck.  Since I like the color so much because it leans toward orange and my other red one leans towards cherry I did not wan't to discard it. I used this on it from the inside of it and you can't even tell it had a hole in it. Thankfully after all the time I spent trying to get the pills off. I originally got it for another project I had a wool blaze with a large L shaped hole in the elbow. Since I could not reach it from the inside because it was lined it could not really fix that one.
"I can't believe I've never heard of this stuff before!  It's TOTALLY AWESOME!  I can't tell you HOW MANY items I've used this on!  Shirts and Pants and skirts and all sorts of stuff!  AND, it's excellent for more than just mending clothes!  We have used it when making Sock Puppets.  The felt eyes and other fabric pieces that we add to the puppets are VERY EASILY glued down with this tear mender.  Additionally, my daughter's doll clothes are easily mended and augmented with this!  Add a silk flower to a scrunchy?  EASY!  Add some felt pieces to my daughter's doll clothes?  SUPER EASY!  Cut out a bunch of felt pieces and glue them all to one large white piece, and make a large picture that you can hang in your child's room?  very easy, very quick, super fun!  I can't believe I've not found this stuff earlier!  I was using hot glue guns all the time, (and for somethings, yes, I still have to) but now I can use this and not have to worry about waiting for the hot glue gun to heat up, or burning myself, yet again, on the glue!

THANK YOU FOR THIS PRODUCT!!  I'm super happy with it!!"
"I used the tear mender to hem a dress and stick my pant loops,  Since then, the hem on my my dress and my pant loops are still stuck together.  Using the tear mender adhesive saved me on time and was much faster than using a needle and thread.  I plan on purchasing another bottle very soon.

I highly recommend this product."
It said it could be used on clothing and I used it on a blouse with a small tear and it turned the clothing yellow in that area so now ruined for sure.
"Received exactly what I ordered right on time!  Love this glue - dries flexible, easy cleanup for my leather projects"
"this is free of benzene rings which are present in many glues like rubber cement, and are carcinogens. This glue gives strong bond but also easy to remove from rubber and the wood when its time to change the rubber."
Save your money. We put on 2 applications and still didn't work. This is no better than the other white glue.
"I purchased this product to repair a small tear on leather upholstery. It did nothing, no stick, no repair, nothing."
This didn't work for my leather sofa at all. It came off right away. I guess I got what I paid for.
I would think for fabric or leather adhesive would be rather thick but this was like water. Did not work at all.
I mended my husband's jeans using this product and an old pair of jeans I made patches from. Fantastic that all it took was some pressure and a little time. NO SEWING needed at all! I need to buy a bigger tube next time.
it was a great price and value will order a agin and it has serve my use very well  indeed
easy to use.  worth the cost ...quick delivery. small bottle but will last a long time. clear liquid is good idea.
"I purchased this product to repair a black nylon coat that was ripped by a ""stuck"" zipper.

While the product worked well in mending the tear, the glue dried WHITE. Nowhere in the description did it say that the final color would be white - I assumed it would dry clear.

I am disappointed by the fact the description didn't mention this important attribute about this product."
"Worked great on a old leather jacket I purchased on e-bay, after a good cleaning looks like new and can't see the repaired nick."
Dries fast and holds very well! I have washed the item once so far and it is still holding well. Impressed
"I was skeptical, especially when I saw how thin the adhesive was. I had a leather shoe that had a tear along the side seam, just in front of the tongue, where your foot bends.  This bending would open the tear up wide, and cause it to keep spreading.  When I got the glue, the tear was almost 2 inches long.  I was trying to adhere the ends of two pieces of leather together, with no overlap, so I didn't have high expectations.  Luckily, there was a little backing fabric that I could use to tighten the bond.  I stuck a fair amount of tear mender in there, wiped off the excess, and used a clamp to hold it all together.  After about an hour, I could tell it was going to start sticking together.  After 3 hours, I put the shoe on, and started walking around.  It held together!  I've been wearing them for about a week now, with no signs of separation.  I'm VERY pleased, especially given the cost of the product.  It is very inexpensive."
This product worked very well.  I mended a tear in my nylon jacket. Suggest that you follow the directions for best results.
A hidden treasure that makes life easier. Tired of mending a small tear with the usual sewing Kit? This remarkable product works like it says it does. Worth the price.
"This was recommended to me for gluing some unruly ears on my Italian Greyhound puppies. It is being distributed by dog show vendors.
A great product. Easy to remove, easy to apply."
"I love this product! It's useful in many ways,& very excellent for glueing and fixing little girls hair bows/accessories!  :-)"
"The one I got came in bottle with a twist lid. Watch the video on youtube for directions. They tell you not to pour it directly onto the fabric, which is right. Since the fabric is water treated, the adhesive just rolls off. They also recommend against rubbing it on with a finger, which is also right. It just dries on your finger. If you pour it on a piece of scrap wood and brush it on, it works great. I used it for patched as small as a hole punch and as large as a sheet of paper."
"Had a Pottery Barn leather chair that had a 4 inch flap on the arm.  Tear Mender fixed in less than ten minutes.  I used a q-tip to work the glue into the flap, held it down for about five minutes, and the flap was gone!  Can't even see where the damage used to be!  Easy clean-up of excess glue as well with a wet damp rag."
"This product worked like a charm on mending a pocket on a winter coat.
It is easy to use and works quickly.
I recommend it for mending  problems."
This product worked exactly as described. Had some small holes in my Bimini top on my boat and applied some of this product to a canvas patch. Patch seems to be holding perfectly.
I can not give a true rating on this item.  I have not used it as of now! I will give a revew when I use it.
"Little pulls and snags are one thing, but when sides start to rip in an otherwise good pair of "" Roundhouse"" overalls you have only one choice buy a new pair, That is before  I discovered "" Tear Mender"" @ Amazon .com with this and some fabric you can make your overalls like again. Great product small price . Thanks Amazon."
"This work very well to repair some tears in my horses turnout blanket.  Also repaired numerous tears in a dog bed cover.  I haven't run any repairs through the washing machine yet but the repairs look as if they will hold up.  My only negative is that it is quite runny right out of the bottle, but did set up fairly quickly."
"It's pretty easy to apply. It's like white paper glue (""Elmer's glue"" where I'm from), only thinner... about as thick as whipping cream.

I disagree with the maker's claim that it ""bonds in 3 minutes, washable in 15"" [sic]. It has always taken 30 minutes before it's dry enough to touch, and I wouldn't _wash_ it without letting it dry/cure overnight.

Fairly pleasant smell, fairly easy cleanup, and highly recommended."
"Not good on leather at all, but it works on fabric. I used it on my car's headliner where the fabric had come off from the edge. Working upside down was not easy. I had to drop a little on my finger then dab it on the surface. The glue on a brush just dried too quickly, so a finger was the better way. Be aware it DOES NOT dry clear. It's white and it dries white. If you're cool with that and understand this product's limitations, use it. It is not very toxic, even smells kind of nice. If it dried clear I would have given it another star, and if it had worked well on leather, I would have given it 5 stars. It's a nice rubbery glue for fabric. Just don't spill it on your cloths. It will penetrate the fabric fibers, dry, and it will never ever go away."
"I use this to repair small tears in fabrics of all kinds. Even on the edge of my sofa. I cannot believe it actually works. Some items have been washed over 10 times in hot water and it is still Ho
Ding. One piece of advice: do not use this on white fabric. It dries to a tinted yellow color. I have used it on pastels and the glue is not visible. For me, it is easiest to use on small areas. I tried to glue a long (3"") on a t-shirt and had so e difficulty getting it straight. That is likely due to my impatience. I highly recommend this product for use on all fabrics. It is amazing."
"Best glue I ever bought! I used this for a few minor repairs and it holds like Monkey Glue, it's that good."
This stuff is so easy to use and really does the trick.  I was so glad to just stick something together and have it stay there without having to pull out a needle and thread.
Interesting product that I applied to a torn ski jacket.  Threads were ripped on the nylon fabric.  Used this product as directed by spreading on the area with my thumb.  It congealed and held the loose fabrics together.  Dried fairly clear.  Has a rubbery texture.
"So I don't know why I never thought to use this stuff for my crafting in the past, but this stuff is a miracle! Up until now I had been using crazy glue to finish off knots on bracelets and sewing, but that would often leave hard or sharp edges that I would have to file down.  This stuff, on the other hand, leaves the fabric flexible and the knots securely tied.  I am so happy with this product.

It took a little longer to dry than the label said, but the end product made it worth it!"
"I have had this bottle for almost a year and I have used it. I have been careful to make sure it is fully closed when i am finished doing a project and I wipe away any outside excess. No problems with the bottle or glue drying up or not working. My husband is a welder who refuses to use leathers, so his jeans come home with holes...lots of holes ... I just an old pair of jeans, place them over the holes to make sure it fits then use the Tear Mender around the hole and around the edge of the homemade patch. In a years time, only one patch has come off from washing and wearing. I just re-glued and replaced it. This size has been perfect for us.  I despise sewing patches and this has been the best alternative, thus far."
What a great item to have in your travel kit. It mended the zipper flap on my hunting coveralls overnight and it is stronger than stitching.
This product is a miracle worker!  Can't believe it took me so long to discover it.  This mends absolutely everything.
"When I first tried this thing, I thought it was too runny for it to work.  I got a $8 Gucci bag at the 2nd hand store, the metal part was ripped and I know how to sew the basic but for the life of me can't fix zipper.  I cut a piece of black fabric, put the Tear Mender, attached it to the ripped part, left it alone, and WAALLLAAAHHHH fixed.  Love it!!!  Fast shipping too."
This stuff works great. I used it to fix tears in several pairs if jeans and it is holding everything together beautifully. Saved me from tossing a couple pairs of expensive jeans.
It's a bit more watery then I have had before but it works well for the application I used it on.
Used to hold together the frayed cuffs of my winter jacket. Seems to hold well and was very easy to apply.
"I read the instructions fully.  If you are mending fabric, there is one thing you should know that they don't tell you....the glue doesnt dry clear.  What this means is you have to carefully glue the inside fabric.  If you glut the outward facing side of fabric you are going to see a dark line where the seam is.

Wish they would have warned me."
"I'm using this glue to repair horse blankets. It does the job and plugged a puncture in the waterproof outer material of my blanket and has been a useful product. This product isn't invisible - it definitely looks like glue on the blanket - but has held up to washing and is waterproof. Works well for small holes or for sealing on patches, stopping fraying, etc. Not so good for tears that don't meet up, but it's glue, not a patch. All in all, useful stuff!"
"this glue like substance creates a clear layer of plastic that binds the materials together, seems to hold pretty strong. This isn't a miracle solution, but this is the best answer for this problem."
Tear mender worked better than any other product I have tried but is not perfect. The tear in the arm of the chair stays together but it its beginning to tear again. I will probably have to repeat the procedure again soon
"I was hoping for a liquid adhesive that turns into a firm fabric like material itself so I could apply it by itself to some minor cracks and they would be sealed, or at least not get any larger.

But apparently this only works as adhesive between multiple layers.

I am sure it will work as such, just not what I was hoping for."
"Tried this on a couch. It sealed the tear, but left a large shiny mark in its place. I don't know if you want a mark or a tear, so make a choice and buy/or not buy this product."
"For attaching anything to any cloth material, it dries quickly and is not sticky once it dries. It will help with many craft projects."
Did not seem to want to cure/dry.  Stayed wet.  After waiting for it to cure for over a week threw it away .
This tear mender doesn't even hold patches on jeans.  A big waste of money.  I wouldn't recommend this product - doesn't do what it states it will do.
"I love this stuff.  I use it to mend jeans and all kinds of other things.  It holds up
through repeated washings."
So I use this to glue the inside of my leather bags...It actually works and doesn't leave a mark on the outside of my bags! Absolutely love it!
"It was too runny, I wanted a thick brush on type to glue my collies's ears down, like skin bond."
Did not work. Tried it on several fabrics. Tried it at several room temps. Even ironed it . No go.
"After reading the reviews for this product I almost did not order it.
I used this to repair a sofa. It is suede and leather. The leather at the top of the sofa had
seperated from the suede and could not be sewn back together. I had to do three applications to
get it completely fixed, but it worked and so far it is holding. The multiple applications were due to the depth and
length of the rip."
"Bought this to repair a tear in a Bottega Veneta woven leather handbag.  It dries to form a rubbery-texture, similar to the old fashioned liquid rubber glue and then fairly promptly just comes off, but not until after ""feathering"" the leather end.  So, now my tear is worse"
"Very effective product, did an amazing job with the leather repair on the seat.  Repair holding up, no signs of it falling apart so far."
Works exactly like it did when demonstrated on TV.  Tried it on a top that was frayed and I didn't want to get rid of.  Able to wear it again - great purchase!
"My friend always told me about this stuff, talked on and on and on about how great it was.

At work in frigid weather my Carhartt overalls zipper tore out- threads burned due to welding spatter. My fat gut was the final straw.

My buddy gave me the tear mender, I stuck the zipper back on and it has held all winter- without sewing.

My dad fixed some shoes that came apart.

I'm a believer now."
This  is the best adhesive I have ever used and I have used many different kinds but this is the best. I truly will be using just this one for my projects. Thank you.
"I tried this  w/ scraps of material first. I did not use enough. I gave it another try, using a Qtip and a little more of the product and so far it has held. I admit, nothing I used it on has gone through the washer yet. I am doubtful this will last for many washings w/ hot water. I'll be sure to use cold water when I do. Update: one year later.  I love this stuff. I glued a hole in my slippers and one year later it is still holding.  I also glued a seam on a chair and it is holding up welI. I cannot see where I repaired it. After applying the glue  I hold it together with a clothespin. Removal of the clothespin is easy and does not open the spot I mended.  I tried several other brands that worked until they were washed.  This Tear Mender last through washings both cold and hot.  I highly recommend this product."
We needed a good adhesive and we have been looking all over the place and we purchased yours and it was perfect!!!!
I tried to hem pants but if I even try gently to pull apart the hem it comes right apart - not as advertised.
"This product ia great for crafts, mending, etc. I must buy the larger size next time. I bought this to mend a strap on a handbag. It worked perfectly"
"This stuff made my pants work again.  I soaked the weave a little much.  Maybe the sticky shell residue helped keep the fibers together, or has given protection.  This is a good product.  It is worth a try anywhere.  It hardens, so don't expect it to keep in storage for long.  If you're using it, the bottle is worth once per use.  It fixed a cloth material couch and some jeans.  Well worth the money, and has lasted quite nicely."
This product was messy to use and it didn't adhere well to the fabric and vinyl materials used on my project.
I used this to adhere ties to my outdoor Sunbrella cushions/fabric and it has withstood storms and doesn't look messyit's invisible.
"I have only used Tear Mender for patching and repairing my Levis jeans, and for that it works totally fine.  I've re-attached belt loops, and attached denim patches behind split knees.  They seem to be holding very well in both cases.  It is fairly flexible too -- I can feel the knee patch enough to remember it's there, but not enough to be distracting when bending down.  Of course, on a silk shirt or something, it'd be very distracting -- but for work jeans, it's no problem.

Excess glue that is not covered by fabric will dry and create a sort of white, mildly-gummy area which feels like thin rubber.  It's not sticky or tacky at all, just a bit soft and gummy like an eraser.  I don't mind this at all, as I'm more concerned with the strength of the bond, which this product does very well and very quickly on denim jeans."
It looks like milk with the same consistency. I tried to use this on my leather armrest and seat and nothing. It ran and never bonded.
"Although I have not used it on leather, it works very well on fabric. Its even  holding a ripped seam on my favorite throw pillow together."
It didn't work maybe because I live in Alaska it was all jelly when I opened it so I chucked it
"Ive been wearing the jeans Ive repaired for well over a month now, and the adhesive is still doing it's job! I'm tempted now to go through my wardrobe and fix every tear I see.

The only reason I took off a star is for the clean up. Whatever fabric you are applying this too make sure to have a backing, or the glue will stick to things unwanted. The glue leaks through to jean pretty easily, so I spent a while scraping the dried glue off the front of my jeans after the job was done. It was a hassle, but I am still confident there is no better product out now for the job."
"There seem to be a lot of positive reviews for this glue but it didn't work on my leather car seat. I was looking to glue down a small torn piece of leather on the seat that keeps sticking up and this seemed like it could be a better solution than crazy glue since crazy glue tends to dry hard and this glue dries flexible. But when I used the Tear Mender glue it did not form a good bond and after a few days the leather piece would come undone again. I ended up using crazy glue in the end.

I did use this glue on a small crack in a pair of leather shoes and it seems cool that it dries in a flexible rubbery consistency but I don't have much confidence in the strength of bond after my experience with the car seat."
"This adhesive has worked very well each time I have used it.  Leaves little or no residue, adheres well.  Worthy of your purchase."
these  stuff is great for fixing holds in my jeans and other clothing that needs repair instead of throw it away.
"I wanted to use this to mend some tiny areas of clothing. It was not at all washable. It is also NOT tacky at all, so I don't know how the heck you are supposed to get two peices of fabric to stay together when its wet. AND it is very wet & liquidy so the fabric just absorbs a ton of it, leaving gluey wet marks. I think this would only work for non absorbent materials like leather, maybe?"
Irish Terrier owners use this glue for gluing the ears to sit properly. Haven't used it on anything else but I can see it could be used for multiple purposes.
"I had a cigar burn on my rug - saw this product on the today show, and how to use it, very pleased to get it, and it works."
This is a neat product. I saw it on VAT 19 but it was cheaper on amazon. It fixes a lot of things like fabric leather and has a strong bind. I got this as a stocking stuffer for christmas. I think it will come in handy for people who hike and play sports and etc.
This is good glue for leather and does not get your thin leather get all bunched up like some high solvent type of so called leather glue.
"does exactly what it says it will do.  I mended a tear on a really expensive Kiton Napoli leather jacket (retails for $15,000).  The tear easily took $10,000 off the value of the jacket.  The mending from this Tear Mender product brought it back up a couple of grand.  :-)"
"It seems great and too much affordable. I am very recently using it for assembly of Table Tennis rubbers. I am experienced TT player and I glue and cut rubbers as it were cut in the factory. I guess this glue is better than many brand-name glues in the market, if not better, don't forget the affordable price. For instance, Free Chack glue from Butterfly 37 ml is sold in the market and at amazon for $18. Compare it to Tear Mender 177ml currently $10 and the result will be shocking! 8 multiples less. Now the most important it spreads easily and the ductility it has gives you chance to spread it evenly before it starts to peel off. Other great feature is that it peel off easily when you want to change or reglue your rubber.

See this video on YouTube but I highly recommend to leave it to dry until it's sticky before applying the rubber to the blade. This's how I recently used it to glue my new Stiga rubber to my Stiga blade. Good luck! :-)
[...]"
It worked well on our carpet and I plan to use it to mend some stretchy nylon pants that would otherwise be hard to hem.
"Worked to close the tear in my ""new"" little used car. My tear was on the door, don't think it would hold up on a seat where you applied pressure on it by sitting. Works best if you have some type of fabric backing for the glue to ""grab"". Works great on frayed end of jeans or any other tears on fabric. Best on denim. Be careful on fabric because if you use too much it will leave a darkened or slightly yellowed spot. Not a problem with jeans or in the seam of a garment -- if you're careful. Really good product -- expect to be able to find lots of uses for it! But, loved it on my vinyl car door small v-shaped tear -- will keep it from spreading! Just 4 stars because I haven't used it but just a couple of times."
It didn't hold as I expected.  I was unhappy with the results.  It was easy to wipe away the excess but the bond was weak.
Amazing product.  Used it to secure those distressed holes in jeans so they don't tear further when you squat and it worked like a dream.
"Really easy to work with and sets up quickly.  Be sure to shake it well before use, or you will be disappointed."
"A little messy to use, but serves the purpose. If you use too much product, it seeps through the material. Try it on some not so important projects first."
"My husband is very hard on his work clothes, when they get to the point where they are not quite ready to get rid of this works great for the patches and holds in place better than I expected it would.  I found when the material gets thin, sewing patches seemed to create a new weak spot and they would tear near the stitching of the patch.  A friend recommended this and I highly recommend too. I don't use it not to sew but as explained above that is when it works well.!"
It was not at all what I expected from the ad. It is like thin school glue.  It was pretty messy.
Product works but use sparingly. I find if I use a toothpick to apply lightly to the edges to be joined it doesn't get to heavy and turn yellowish and rubbery. Practice first on scrap fabrtc so you don't ruin item. to be repaired.
Awful.  The contents were like water.  It didn't hold anything together.  Save your time and money and get something else.
I used it on a number of items and it holds up well after numerous washings. I would buy it again.
"It does keep fabric together, but not in a miraculous way. I think it would work if you used super glue or something of that sort. I don't hate it, but I probably could live without it and wouldn't buy it again."
I used this product to mend a large tear in an old office chair.  It worked and you can barely see where the tea was.  This is a great product for fabrics and it cures really fast.
"It worked on some areas of my couch, but not so well on others.  Also if you scratch at it, it will peel off, sort of like rubber cement.  I'm not sure if I will buy this again."
"I used Tear Mender to fix a large tear on my riding lawn mower cover and it has completely sealed the opening and waterproofed it, just like it said on the package. After that I decided to try fixing a few tears in a soft insulated cooler bag--it worked there, too! Then I tried sealing another hole on an outdoor machinery cover--once again it came through with flying colors!!! I plan to keep repairing items with the bottle I have and purchase more then next time I find anything that needs repair! Thanks, Tear Mender for a GREAT PRODUCT!!! And thank you Val-A Chicago, Inc. & Amazon.com for making it available (I couldn't find it at the fabric stores and hardware stores I checked)."
Worked good on my leather it's just that it's still visible for one to know it was adhered but overall good for me.
"In this day and age, we don't have the luxury of tossing clothes out when they need a little mending. Tear lender works like a charm. This is a latex liquid fabric adhesive.  I generally repair jeans by making a patch out of old jeans and putting the patch inside the pants. The patch will last longer than the pants. Working construction means my jeans get beat up. This stuff works. I am on my third bottle. A bottle has  shelf life of about 3 year if taken care of. It glues leather up like charm. I have repaired boots, belts and bracelets. It doe not work on nylon."
yes.. this is glue.. and it works really well! I recommend it for things that don't seem to want to be mended. Yep!
Arrived used it once and two weeks later stuff was like concrete. Stay away. Not even worth one star. Save your money
"I bought this to try and patch some cracks in my leather watch band. Followed the directions and basically the glue peeled right off just days latter. No only that, it looks just like plain old rubber cement."
"My beloved leather recliner had developed some small cracks on the arms.  One application of the Tear Mender took care of them.
Just as advertised."
"I tried to use this stuff on a pair of old leather boots. It created a milky looking plug that seemed to hold, but then popped out the first time I wore them. I wouldn't use this on decorative leather products either - the color and texture don't blend in. It's just a waste of money."
did the job to fix a tear on our leather sofa. you can see it still but much better looking. the youtube video from the company really helped.
I expected better from the tear mender. The glue is not permanent nor strong. I thought the glue would be clear drying but it leaves a yellowish brown rubbery mark on clothes and other fabrics I have glued. The glue is peel-able and does not have a strong hold. It doesn't stick on the skin and convenient for fast repairs. Still I would not recommend if you are gluing something white (the glue would look like a stain). It would be better if you just went to get it fixed rather than use the glue if quality matters more than quantity for you.
"Since all the Tandy stores closed, it's been hard to find leatherworking items. This is a very, very useful product."
"Sticks to clothing very quickly.  It's hard to believe this product has been around for as long as it has, and I'm now just discovering it.  I used to buy the iron-on patches for my denim coveralls, but this works way better, and the repairs are more durable when washing."
"This product works a advertised, it mended a 6 inch long tear in my leather car seat. It dries in under 60 minutes. The only knock I will give it is that it will run so just be careful when applying it. Easy to remove excess glue. It just rubs off."
"This stuff is great!  I bought it to repair my hubby's work jeans, which I had previously been using iron-on patches on.  This stuff is easy to apply & lasts forever!  It makes a pair of jeans last at least twice as long, if not more!"
Two older sling chairs had seats where the Sunbrella fabric finally gave out.  This product with new Sunbrella fabric mended them seamlessly.
"My GSD ticked off mom and got bit on the ear damaging his vein that helps the ear develop and stand up naturally. I applied this to the top 2/3 portion of the ear on the outside edge, on the fur, inside section of the ear. It created a Tee Pee stint that was left on for one month and allowed the vessel to heal and the ear to build up cartilage. It fell off in the water one month later, leaving the fur behind.

This material is like the goo you get on a new credit card and business letter. It comes out like watered down elmer's kid's glue so applying it with the bottle is tricky.

After our success with the puppy, I have been restoring old worn out shoes and materials that have ripped. This is not a permanent solution to your tears but it will hold it together for a good time.

I can see this being used to hold materials together before sewing. It would hold it for you and leave a nice waterproof seam.

Good stuff. I will find many uses for it."
"Does what it says, works wonderfully and easily.  My husband can finally fix his own work pants. Blowouts are the worst and this saves us so much money from not having to buy more pants all of the time!"
"this stuff if very strong and good for patching places that are not visible.  If the product is visible, you will definitely notice it.  I used it for putting some decorative patches on some shorts (instead of sewing them on) and it worked perfectly. this would be good for applying boy scout patches (if you are sure that you will never want to take them off!)"
"I bought this specifically to repair a tear in my fabric car seat. The top layer of tough seat fabric was split with a small tear from wear and separating from a layer underneath.

It worked great, just a small dab and some weight on the tear overnight and it seems to be holding (several weeks now). There is a small hard spot where it dried but it's better than the tear.

I haven't tried it on anything but the car seat but it was easy to clean up the excess and it doesn't reek of toxic chemicals"
"I expected this to be thick like glue, boy was I wrong. The first time I used it it came out fine, for the second use, which was like five minutes after the first use, the cap seemed clogged, so more came out than I expected since I was squeezing hard. It is a good product and good thing it comes off of skin with just rubbing, but if you get it on the fabric in a spot you are not trying to repair, you better watch out because it does not come off. I like it but it clogs or whatever too quickly."
"I had torn along the edge of my leather seat in my car. It was just worn out, but it was just a slit so I figured I could just glue it together with this. It looked good after I first did it, but after a day or so, it just peeled up and rolled off. Maybe this wasn't exactly what it was made for, and I am going to try it on patches and stuff like that to see if it works for that, but as far as holding to edges of leather together, it didn't do the job. Super glue would work better, but would be crunchy I am sure."
didn't do the job - sadly - I wouldn't buy this product again - I was hoping it would repair a rip in our couch and it actually made it worse
"We purchased this product to 'glue' our pup's cocked ears in place during her growth spurt. One was very wayward and this product has held them both in place for two weeks so far. They get pulled in play, wet during swimming and scratched at, but the mender holds tight.
Expect to have to wait for the hair to grow out to completely remove the stuff, but that is OK as long as the ears are where they belong!"
this is best stuff ever. the key is use less as possible when mending garments. because the less you use the less you'll see after it bonds garment. you can always add but not subtract.
"I'm a cheap bastard, and when I get a hole in a pair of blue I cut patches out of other old pairs of jeans and I use this stuff to glue the patches in place. Holds great. I've reconstructed entire ripped out crotch areas before."
"I looked long and hard for this brand because it has worked in the past.  I did not get this brand, they sent a different brand, and it is more watery than the brand i wanted....just okay."
I tried this on several different kinds of fabric but none of them actually made a permanent bond. It stuck pretty well for maybe a short term quick fix but certainly not a permanent hem or something.
I tried using this product on a fabric jump house that i purchased for my daughter.  Came apart as soon as i put air in the jump house.  Does not hold fabric very well at all.  Sorry...
It says to test which I did. After a few minutes it seemed fine so I tried it on the other areas of my chair and after about 20 minutes I started seeing marks where I put the product on the tear.  Now I have all these marks all over
"The adhesive may be good, but it's impossible to apply and there are no instructions on either the packing or on the bottle other than ""apply.""

Do you cut open the end of the applicator or stab open?  I tried the approach of stabbing with a pin, but the plastic was too strong, so the pin went into my finger really deep.

I found an instructional video on line that says to use a toothpick or a small brush to apply from the bottle.  But the level of adhesive (even in a brand new bottle) is so low, that you can barely reach it with either of those tools.

The packing also does not have a resealable cap. (Compare, Elmer's glue which since the beginning of time has a small cap you can place over the tip once the tip has been opened.) So once you open the cap on the fabric and leather adhesive, the product will dry out.  This bottle is for one time use only.

I am a chemical engineer.  I am sitting here looking at a thoroughly wrapped, but still bleeding finger.  There is adhesive on my carpet.  No repairs have been successfully made.  The product has been deposited in the garbage can, and I intend to complain to the retailer I bought it from.

The product delivery system has not been improved since the 1930's when the product was apparently formulated. We now know why the ""Bish"" never got to be a pope of any kind."
"I bought the Tear Mender because my dog liked to lay on the top of the back cushion of my leather couch.  Well, he isn't the lightest dog for his size, so finally the leather gave under the strain and I had a two foot rip along the top of the couch.  The back cushions are attached, so mending it was tricky.  And, no, duct tape didn't hold.  It took two of us, but we laid a patch of rubber fabric underneath the leather and glued both pieces to the patch instead of trying to glue the leather to itself.  Considering how difficult it was to get the leather to adhere without an open seam, it turned out fairly well.  (It's okay, I have a nice dog covering that stays in place.)  So, two weeks later, the glue is holding and the doggie is not allowed to lay on the top."
I bought a small bottle of this adhesive to mount some velcro on a piece of waterproofed canvas.  Following the directions and keeping the pieces stable for about an hour worked like a champ.  The velcro stayed right where I put it even though it was subjected to the abuse of a tropical storm.  A great product that does just what it says!
I received the Tear Mender within a couple of days and immediately tried to patch a leather seat.  This stuff didn't even begin to work.  There was no stickiness to it at all.  It looks like schoolroom paste but has no adhesive ability.  I'm going to contact the company tomorrow.  I read on another review that they replaced his bottle and it worked better.
"I wouldn't recommend this for leather.  I bought it for my car upholstery that is cracked.  This is basically Elmer's glue, but washable.  You can get something at the fabric store called Ahlene's OK to Wash it for probably less and won't have to pay for shipping. I need something that will actually adhere and mend the leather.  I thought I'd try this for the price, but it's not even worth that."
"Mends no problem, but be cautious and read instructions, practice with fabrics ready to go to the trash bin. Because it tends to soak out through the fabrics if applied excessively."
"This definitely holds things together as the title would indicate, I just wish it smelled a little bit better than it does."
"WASTED MY MONEY, as this DOES NOT work, just peels right back off after application applied and dried. I will not ever buy this stuff again."
"This worked great in repairing a vinyl handbag I have that the decorative ""leather"" trim was coming loose. this worked well, but did leave a sticky residue. The bag is a fake snakeskin so the residue is not obvious at all. I would not use this on a solid colored bag because the repair would be obvious."
it works for a while... maybe i just had to fix a spot that has a lot of abuse on the shoe?
"Worked well for my purpose, which was to glue a leather belt that did separated/split somehow (front and back side came apart over the whole length). The Tear Mender is a white liquid like latex that turns into a beige elastic rubber substance that holds things together. Negative: it's not clear to me how to close the bottle once it's open and the seal is broken."
Excellent product works exactly as described. I used it to repair a tear in my leather upholstery in my car. It acts like a liquid stitch and is flexible and strong.
"I have tried it on vinyl, leather and clothing material...all great. Example: mended a torn belt loop on a pair of jeans and it holds together stronger than the sewn loops and remains elastic so that it does not crack from the stress of wearing the article or feel hard, even after several washes.... or setting on the repaired furniture...whatever the case may be. It dries to where it cannot be seen and excess cleans up from fingers and other unwanted surfaces by simply rolling your finger over the glue."
"My husband is a carpenter, so his new jeans always have holes in the knees... I was forever sewing patches on.. so time consuming . Now he takes tear mender uses old jeans for patches and can do it himself to recycle and repair with minimum waste.  You can patch and wash the jeans about 30 minutes later and they don't come off.. We've used this product for years now... and with the economy the way it is now, this is one great product worth what you pay for it.. a little goes a long way... can patch material , jeans , leather etc.... xlent product."
this crap does not work.  i used even more than what was recommended on the bottle and it still did not hold my ripped leather in place.
I like this product because I was able to still use my favorite suede bag. There was a hole in the lower corner and it mended it and the price is great.
"I had read many reviews on several adhesive products, looking specifically for a quality adhesive to place patches on a leather motorcycle vest. Take your time and read the small print if this is your challenge also. I highly recommend you buy only those products that 'specifically' state they are designed for leather, otherwise it's a big risk. Being totally disabled, sewing a patch on is out of the question so a viable alternative was required. Oh yes, I could take them to have each patch sewed on for a cost of from $6 to $12 EACH and I had 9. The cost of sewing them on would be more than I paid for this leather vest I bought for ""grins and giggles."" I don't even own a motorcycle, ""BUT"" I do ride around on a 3--wheeled electric scooter.

I read all the reviews on this product, read the PDF from their website and watched the YouTube videos of the product in action. I knew from the outset their claims of 3 minutes to dry and 15 minutes to be washable, were just a ""tad"" embellished. I ended up using Tear Mender to supplement a more heavy-duty adhesive in double checking and applying it to the patch corners. I used a Q-Tip and when they say a little goes a long way, they are not kidding. With the exception of the drying times being only a 'wee' bit longer than promoted, this product works! The clean-up is a breeze as you can do it with your finger and no paint thinner or acetone are needed. I was elated this product would not allow me to glue my fingers together. Thus my reasons for not using a super glue adhesive. I would have given this product 5 stars easily had it performed exactly as promoted. It was close enough I could get away with 4 1/2 stars, if that was possible. I highly recommend Tear Mender Liquid in the cost savings 6oz. bottle, because it performs well doing double duty on fabrics and leather. Well worth the investment, as low as that is, for this type of quality performance."
"Scepticialy I purchased this product, despirate to find a product that would work. I have heard it before and never experienced a flexable cement that would hold clothing together that fast and that good. Well I tried it today! My change pocket on my jeans was coming unstiched. I placed a beed of this on both sides , spread it with my finger , put them together , held it for a minute, waited five minutes then put them on. I tugged and played with that pocket all afternoon and you know? It worked! It really worked! I was amazed! Between two layers of jean material it had no glue stain at all. I tried it between jean and cotton also and there you see glue through the cotton but its on the inside so who cares! Great product And works fast. Thank you. Now how will it stand up to a washing? Time will tell. Lol"
"Our recliner had been torn on the arm with a large three-corner rip.  It did a good job of holding the material together.  Nothing will remove the actual tear, but now it will not allow the arm to fall apart.  There were some tear on  the back of the chair.  Here it was great as it had the framework to adhere to and it just to seconds."
"I was looking for something to patch a tear in a leather couch. After reading many reviews on many products, I chose this. I placed a piece of denim inside of the tear and then slowly applied this adhesive to the denim using my fingers (it is very runny). I then pressed the denim to the backside of the leather, and repeated this until the entire tear was backed by the denim patch and the tear closed. It has been over a month, and the tear is barely noticeable, and the patch has not shifted or loosened.
I have since patched 8+ pares of jeans; several of which I wouldn't have been able to fix with my sewing machine. My husband is a construction worker, and I have 3 very active children. This small bottle has saved me so much money. When this gets on your hands it easily rubs off (like glue). However, if you get it on any clothing unintentionally, it is not coming off. So be careful. I haven't tried it on other types of fabric, but I would imagine it would soak through thinner fabrics, cause discoloration, and possibly make the fabric stiff. So be sure to do a test spot before you try it."
Our leather couch began to tear between the seat cushions.  I put some of this on and it sealed it and prevented any further tearing.  Love!  Also used it to patch up fabric.  I keep it in a freezer bag so it doesn't dry out as fast.  You don't want to buy too much at one time because of this. Great product.
"Worked ok on my jacket, although it left a sticky residue. Completely failed at gluing the tear in my couch leather though - didn't stay glued when the leather pulled."
"Applied this per instructions on several garments...1st, it leaks through the clothing and leaves a white stain on the back side of the garments....and by the time I tried to remove the seepage with a wet cloth, all it did was smear., spreading the stain...while I was able to remove some of white liquid, it left a white residue that I was not able to remove....used a permanent marker to try & cover up the residue stain???  2nd, it does not completely dry and YES, I shook the bottle and thoroughly mixed the liquid...I used this to glue down the tags on several sweatshirts...did not hold...I could easily pull the tags apart from the shirts...supposed to set up in 3 minutes and washable in 15 minutes...waited hours before I touched the garments.....glue still moist...might be made from all natural ingredients, maybe it tastes good, but it won't mend and it isn't instant...I'd send it back, but it's not worth the $$ effort..."
"I had seen  this product on another website. The description was so impressive that I thought it would be able to repair many things I didn't want to throw away. I used it to cover some holes in a favorite t-shirt. The glue is messy, has a tendency to stain and has a sort of plasticky feel after it dries. The hold doesn't feel very strong either, although it did make it through one washing. I also tried using it to repair a bra that the wire was poking out. Even though the company recommended tear mender for this purpose, the glue did not hold, although it did leave an ugly brownish yellow stain.  It does not live up to the hype."
"Product worked well with no problems for dog except he did not like the smell. Applied tincture of benzoin to inner surface of tip of ear and to dog's forehead; when dry, then applied small amount of Tear Mender Liquid to each surface, and set dog's ear in correct position holding for a minute or two during drying. Ear stayed in training position for about 10 days and then released with residual glue naturally wearing off. Only needed to use it on one ear. Dog did not scratch or rub ear. Once ear released, inspected ear and cleaned under surface of ear with soap and water. Ear still remains in correct position after about three weeks; do not know yet if I will need to apply again."
"I am huge into arts and crafts and have to glue multiple surfaces together. Such cloth to wood, cloth to cloth, and ribbons to feathers. This product even glued my 100% cotton paper to wood and leather perfectly. With that  said, yes it is a liquid. For gluing sensitive things maybe try a brush to apply as the lid comes off. And as far as fabrics use sparingly and follow the directions and you should have no problem. I don't get the negative reviews. This has successfully glued and mended everything it has touched."
I absolutely LOVE this product!  I have 3 boys and a husband who works in the Carpentry trade. I am so glad for the day I discovered this product! Tear Mender makes it quick and easy to repair tears and holes in my husbands work jeans and my kids clothes. Start saving old pairs of jeans to use as patches.  That's what I do and it works great! Tear mender is a super adhesive that doesn't come off even after many washes! It stays supple and doesn't dry stiff and scratchy. It is easy to use and gets the job done.  I am recommending this product to everyone who has a house full of boys like I do!
I use this to patch jeans.  Cut a patch of denim a little bigger than rip/hole and glue it on! Stands up to repeated washing.
"used product to repair torn camper top canvas.  seems to have worked fine, will know this summer when I use it."
"I've used this product ever since it first came on the market...it really is amazing, and holds up forever!  I'm rarely out of this at home."
i sent it back because the first time i used it it did not work very well  as i thought it dried hard and  visible ..... but over al it was a GOOD  product
I buy this ear glue every time I raise a litter of pups and send some home with each puppy.  I'm not sure what we would do without it!
"i had bought this item because it had good ratings and not only did i have to wait weeks without knowing when will i receive it when i opened it, it was the wrong item (bish's tear mender) i paid $10.81 for this item and received an item that cost $6.77 that doesn't even work. i did not want to buy bish's tear mender because it had low ratings so i desided to pay more for something better and i got screwed"
"Although it's not its original intended use, this is a great alternative to water-based table tennis glue.  It's thicker than your average TT glue, like free chack, but dries quicker and peels much more easily with no damage to sponge (at least on chinese rubbers - which is what I use), usually in one piece.

Apply one layer to the sponge (using a foam brush or applicator) and one layer to the blade and let them dry until clear, then apply one more layer on the blade and stick the rubber when it's halfway dry (turning transparent, but not all the way), and you should get a good bond.  If the edges have trouble sticking, you may need to sand some of the wood sealant off the edge of the blade before gluing.

It's a very cost effective and readily available alternative to ITTF approved glues, and functions exactly the same if not better than VOC-free glues."
"Seem to work well in repairing leather.  Follow instructions carefully.  Though you can still see the glue in the tear, it is secure and will probably last a long time."
initially bought to pin the ears on our dog....that did not work :) but I have actually used it for whats its made for and that works well. come by my profile for a link to my blog
"The tear meander works good, it is best for work clothes or items that you don't expect to be pretty but fixed. watch out this is the 2 oz bottle, read the description before you buy. The 6 oz bottle is between 7 and 10 dollars."
We tried to repair some small tears on the side of our leather sofa and this did not work at all.  Very disappointed.  Would not recommend.
"it prevented tear on sofa from additonal fraying. when dry the texture was rubbery; upon drying it is not clear i.e. kind of dark
also used it on patch for some jeans, it has held up well"
Bought the product for a leather carseat tear. Applied the item it did absolutely nothing. A big waste of money.
"I had my doubts about glue on leather, but it works. I have repaired leather books and jackets and it bonded and held both."
We use it to glue our dogs ears down...(this is for the others who use for the same...). Works and is non-irritating to skin.
"I have used this product before and I am satisfied with it, and its many uses. Word word word word."
It saves me money  by repairing small tears in clothing. I wish it would longer in the bottle before drying out.
"I glued my old sneakers, fringe on a designer bag, my husband' s duffle bag and a small to on an accent pillow, bonds instantly with no mess. The glue turns rubbery as it dries so any drips are easily peeled off without doing any damage. I've tried many (I'm a wardrobe stylist), this glue is amazing!"
I would not recommend using this or any adhesive to mend torn clothing. It really cannot repair tears in material as well as needs to be for the article of clothing to be useful again.....throw away the clothes and buy new ones.
It worked great but there was a line of white residue I could not remove. I will use it again
This product did not adhere to any product that I tried to use it on so I returned it. :(
"This is a decent product, but didn't adhere plastic fabric to cloth the way I'd hoped. I was looking for something to hold the plastic as I stitched it to the fabric."
"I purchased a leather patch for my couch and the pouch stuck nicely to the couch for approx 1 year before coming off again. I bought this glue with a mind that i could just stick it down again. Well, i was wrong. It does stick, but not for very long. Disappointed."
"i used it to meant an insole to a shoe. it worked great, dried almost immediately and didn't really smell much."
"yes, the product does mend torn fabric.  be selective on where to use it , out of sight areas are best.  i used it to mend a pocket seam & it did seal the pocket but i was a bit messy on aplication  & the area looks unsightly.  if you cannot find a female to sew the pocket this product is better than lossing your wallet out of the pocket."
"MY husband tore my new caramel colored microfiber couch when bringing it in the house. Bought this kid and it was so liquidy it ran down my sofa and soaked through the fabric...once it is on it is on permantly!!! My couch not only looks ripped about 7 inches, but white glue all over it and I CANNOT get it off!!! SOOOO MAD and want to make this company buy me a new couch!!! They shouldn't sell something that stains!!! DON""T BUY THIS! I should of sewed it and it would of been better...THe white glue all over my couch is more noticable than the rip!!!"
"This stuff stinks, dries yellow, and is runny. It also has latex so watch out if you have an allergy. It was so runny that it ran straight through the cloth on two different types of fabric, luckily I had a paper towel underneath."
Follow the directions and this tear mender works.. Covered a cut in my leather jackat and once dry it is invisible.
"This stuff is great! It's easy to use and is effective. My only issue is that although it mostly dries clear, it can get kind of... globby? and the globs dry white. It might be my own fault though, I wasn't very careful with using it and it might go away after washing, who knows... But I used it on my not-really-leather leather jacket and I'm very pleased with the results."
It's quick drying and dries fairly clear on item. Used this item a couple years ago and liked it but couldn't find it locally.
I have used this to mend several pairs of pants. Results in high strength lasting bonds in all cases including mending highly stressed areas like the crotch. I can actually see rubberlike strands of the adhesive if i stretch the seem. It is however quite runny and soaks through the fabric in areas. Color is off white and noticeable on dark fabric.
this product is really good.  I had a leather jacket teared in two places.  I used the glue to fix the tears and you can hardly notice.  Really nice product.
"Worked just as expected, used it to post puppy ears as well as making a costume. Very versatile. Thank you!"
Works great.  Nearly invisible.  I applied it to small tears using a sewing needle.  Don't use too much and the tears practically disappear.
"The main uses I bought this for was to repair a rip in some vinyl I have running my poker table.  I cut a piece of cloth (old jeans) placed it inside the rip between the foam padding and the vinyl.  Used the ""Tear mender"" to secure the vinyl to the cut cloth, after a few minutes of drying, all that could be seen was a small seam in the vinyl.  Everything was secure, and was as close to new as could be gotten short of just replacing all of the vinyl.  Great overall product and would purchase it again, as well as recommend it to others."
"After carefully reading all the reviews, I determined that this product would be effective in mending a tear on a canvas carry bag. Not so. The actual product is a watery white liquid. I applied the product as instructed and let it dry. I might as well have applied milk to the tear. The product did not hold at all. The next day, the two sections I attempted to join together just pulled apart with little effort. I can't understand how other reviews claim that the repaired fabric is stronger than the original. Interesting note- on the bottle is the statement that the product should be used within 12 months of purchase. However, there is no date of any kind on the bottle to indicate date of manufacture. Duh! Another reason to look elsewhere- the label on the product warns that it may cause an allergic reaction."
"This seems to be a latex adhesive, somewhat similar to 'Copydex' which can be purchased
in the U.K. but can't be found in the U.S. It is as if the company which produces 'Tearmender' imports
Copydex, waters it down and sells it at twice the price. I used it to repair tears in a thin cotton shirt.
When I shook the bottle to mix the glue, with the top firmly screwed down (both parts), glue sprayed out.
It takes much longer than five minutes to dry: that wouldn't matter if it didn't claim to be speedy, and I had to
go over the finished job to glue down material which had not adhered. I am a craftsman, so I followed the directions,
which don't work. It can be used, but it is time-consuming, expensive and comes in a poorly designed
container. Not recommended."
"It says leather adhesive in the title, but this product has nothing for leather. I think this is not even an adhesive at all ... Do not waste your time & money ..."
"A friend recommended this glue and I've used it for attaching all sorts of patches, attaching accessories, and repairs on my nylon motorcycle gear and it is better than sewing."
If used as instructed the the product works for basic mending tasks  Could be slightly messy so don't use on fany items if area is exposed to others
"I really wanted this product to work. I need it.  However, so far I've had modest success with it.  Following the directions, I used it to attach a strip of matching vinyl taken from one of my car's headrests to cover an area of cracked leather on my car driver's seat.  The adhesive held the bottom half of the strip, but the top half wouldn't stay in place.  I reapplied it a few days later, but it didn't help.  I have a couple of other applications to try it on, but at this point I'm not particularly happy with the results."
"I am always needing to mend or patch jeans.  It is easily done with Tear Mender instead of a sewing maching.  I haven't used a sewing machine on a pair of jeans in years.<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Tear-Mender-Instant-Fabric-Leather-Adhesive-2-Ounces/dp/B001RQCTUU/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Tear Mender Instant Fabric & Leather Adhesive-2 Ounces</a>"
"My husband is always getting holes in his jeans at work, so I needed a glue, adhesive to patch them so we're not always buying new pants.  This stuff was recommended by another co worker and it works great!  it dries quickly and stays put.  Although if I do need to remove a patch, I can do so semi-easily. When I run low on this stuff, I""ll definitely be buying more!"
Used this to glue a new seat cover onto a foam motorcycle seat.  It worked really well to take the wrinkles off the sides of the seat.  The staples did the rest.
"I used this product to repair a tear in the bottom right corner of one of my favorite shirts (two ply, plaid, button-down-the-front), several tears in my two old leather sofas, and some somewhat structural tears in a chair with snap-on leather cushions.

In every case, the tear mender held its bond between the two sides of the tear being fixed, but there are some idiosyncrasies in each case that are worth mentioning.

In the case of the shirt, the product did eventually take on the color of the shirt, but there is a sort of haziness to it that is obvious if one looks for it.  That being said, since it's in a corner, nobody is going to notice in my case.

In the case of the old leather sofas, the tear mender held wonderfully.  I should mention, however, that these sofas are slightly off-white, but since they have seen so much use, the areas that are mended look far better than they would if they had not been mended.  There is still some visible discoloration, but it isn't too far from a baseline look that they have developed from years of use (though they have always been treated well).

In the case of the chair with snap-on leather cushions, I used the tear mender to repair the tears around the snaps.  The snaps were mounted to the fabric, which had torn, on the undersides of the cushions.  The tear mender performed spectacularly, and the snaps are back in action.  Since it was the undersides of the cushions that needed repair, I didn't really care about any color anomalies at all.

Overall, this stuff is pretty good for repairing leather and fabric tears.  The only way it could be better is if it matched colors exactly instead of casting a hazy, darkened hue over the repair site.  Then again, for the amount of effort required to use this product (i.e. knowing how to use glue), I think it was a win."
"Repaired 4 pairs of my husbands work jeans (crotch rip) and a pair of my daughters favorite jeans (butt rip) The repairs will outlast the jeans, I swear ...This stuff is amazing!"
"After over 4 years keeping the bottle closed, the fluid did not congeal, nor loose its mending capabilities. Today, I'm ordering a 2nd bottle to seal more canvas.

Glued on a patch to my university golf shirt.  4 years and 5 washings = good as new

Stitched then glued three patches to my RV awning.  4 years and 30+ windings = good as new

Recently I lined the edge of the patio with canvas drop clothes that immediately started to fray under the seam, and the seam broke in two places from wind ""wippage"".
Glued the edges.  As the fluid saturates the canvas, it keeps the edges from fraying and protects the
stitching."
I followed the instructions on the manufacturers site as others have suggested.  Once the glue was applied and let to dry it produced a white weblike residue on my leather.  It did not dry clean as advertised on their videos.  I've spent most of my time over the past two days removing the adhesive from my leather bag so I can do more research and find a better product.  Learn from my mistake and do not buy this product for use on leather.
"I use this Tear Mender, along with some benzoin compound tincture for skin protectant, for setting my Irish Terriers ears. (Don't worry it doesn't hurt the dog.)  The bottle is bigger than I expected, and since the gluing only occurs every couple weeks or so, it should last the duration of the ear setting process.  The liquid is quite tacky and will set within 30 seconds or so, which is good when working with squirmy little dogs.  Any left-over liquid on the item, or bottle rolls up easily in a tacky little ball that can be thrown away.  It is a little more difficult to clean up extra glue in dog hair, so I may invest in some Detachol adhesive remover. Cherrybrook Pet Supply also included some generic instructions for setting ears with the bottle, but I opted for instructions on the web that were specific to Irish Terriers.  There is also a good video on YouTube for setting Irish Terrier ears in which the person uses Tear Mender. The bottle has a spout that turns open and closed and it is easy to regulate the amount of glue which is squeezed out. The item shipped quickly from Cherrybrook Pet Supply via Amazon, came with some instructions, and was priced right."
"I have used this to repair slight tears in a jacket and my couch.  The bond has held relatively well.  So far so good, but time will tell if this product lives up to its billing."
"Bish's original tear mender.

Think a runnier Elmer's Glue that binds textile together, and you've got a good idea of what the product does. I've found it dries semi-opaque with a slight yellow tint to it. Has held up to several washes and has been used on a variety of fabric surfaces.

Follow the instructions well, and it'll do the trick."
"I like this stuff. It is my 2nd purchase of tear mender. I have mended quite a few pieces of clothing and purses and it works great. It does have to be used rather quickly, because the shelf life isn't very long. I had a large bottle of it before and had to throw it out because it went bad. Now, I will only buy small bottles at a time. But all in all very good item."
"This works.  It is more ""liquidy"" than i expected, so be careful applying it.  The fabric isn't as flexible as i thought it would be.  But so far it is holding.  I cut a small piece of the hem out, and glued it into the hole in my husband's pants (size of a pencil top).  It works.  Doesn't stand out as a patch, but you would notice it if you looked hard enough.  If i had to, i'd buy more."
"I've seen some conflicting reviews on this product, and I have decided to try it myself.  I'm very weary of glue type repair products ... as success with them is usually spotty.  The first time I tried to use this, I used a bottle that someone else bought.  The product on the inside, was kind of sluggish and clogged the applicator.  I thought I was using it wrong, so I checked the instructional videos on tear mender's website - and I'm glad I did.  I found out, if your tear mender is like this - it is past its usable life, and is expired - return it.  Tear mender should be liquid, very easy to apply.  To apply, it's very simple - use it exactly as directed.  Grab some scrap fabric that matches your repair, put tear mender on the garment and the scrap - and stick it together.  The hold is instant, it's strong in a few minutes.  I was impressed - this stuff is awesome.  It holds better than a sewn repair!  Why?  It bonds the frayed tear.  VERY GOOD PRODUCT, I can't stress that enough.  I'm seriously glad that I dug a little deeper with this product - as I just saved a couple of my favorite pairs of pants with it (they were un-sewable, and I was about to toss them.)  This was my last ditch effort on them, and it worked.  VERY happy with this great product - and believe me, if it's not working  for you - you're probably not using it right.  Check the videos on the manufacturer's site for proper use - you will not be disappointed.  :)"
"While somewhat skeptical at first, I have found Tear Mender to be a useful product for repairing fabric and, in some instances, leather. In one example, I had a relatively new comforter that experienced a 1.5 inch rip far from any seam (i.e. it was in the middle of the comforter).  The fabric was so thin it would be difficult to sew. With somewhat low expectations, I applied Tear Mender to the rip.  Somewhat surprisingly, it closed the tear and, even after several washes, the mend has not failed.  The downside, however, is now there is a visible yellow glob that contrasts with the dark fabric of the comforter.  On balance, this is an acceptable drawback that prevented my having to discard the comforter.

On two other occasions, I attempted to use Tear Mender on leather cross trainers.  In my first attempt, the leather was torn about a half an inch near the toe.  The Tear Mender repair held up only for a couple of days.  On the second attempt at repairing a [different] leather cross trainer, there was fabric underneath that served as a substrate. This fared much better and has not yet failed. However, it has been a relatively short time period since the repair was made so the jury is still out.

In total, Tear Mender is a useful product to have around the house.  It works best when the tear includes material that overlaps.  The adhesive on its own doesn't have the tensile strength to maintain closure of a tear that is under cyclic tension.

Pros
Useful for a variety of materials
Requires no skill or sewing materials

Cons
Somewhat unsightly yellow gobs will remain in some scenarios
Not strong enough for non-overlapping leather tears that are under tensile stresses"
"I used this product on a torn pants pocket.  It was messy to use and the it was hard to put the adhesive in the right places to repair the torn pocket.  The end result was not satisfactory.  The adhesive was not in the right position to close off the hole only so part of the untorn pocket got glued as well.  Also, the glue did not hold after it dried.  When I put my hand into the pocket and applied a little pressure the adhesive started to give.  I was very unsatisfied with this product.  Maybe it would work better with another type of tear."
"posted May-04-2011

I ordered Val-a Tear Mender thru Amazon.com. The order was processed thru Deerso.. I Received Bish's Tear Mender.... that is not what I ordered. If you don't have the Val-A Tear Mender as advertised in the photo you shouldn't advertise it.. I am very upset... I needed this fast for a project. And of course you can't get ahold of anyone to return a product and get your REFUND... Go Figure.."
Would not recommend this product.  Used it to repair a tear in my recliner and it did not hold at all.
"I can't believe I never heard of this product before a few months ago... since then, I keep finding new uses for it. (Case in point: Just the other night I did a quick repair of a couple of oven mitts that had their seams torn apart a bit when I washed them.) Tear Mender creates a bond that is actually stronger than the fabric itself, and it's really quick and easy to use.

The only caveats: 1) if you use this on thinner fabrics, it will stiffen them and probably discolor them, since the fabric soaks up the glue -- thus, it's best for either thicker fabric or if you are using it in a hidden seam; 2) it's easy when you're using it to get a drop or two on your pants or shirt -- this is to be avoided at all costs, however, since it will create a little rubbery stain on them that you will NEVER get out -- so either wear ""paint clothes"" or just be very careful when gluing. (It does come off your fingers very easily, though -- just rub it off -- and it's non-toxic.)

Overall, Tear Mender is an awesome product, and you will always want to have a bottle of it in your cupboard. It might even be as useful as the duct tape and WD-40! ;-)"
used item for everything from mending a torn rug to school projects  great for porous materials
"Concept is very good(that's the GOOD)...if it works. It was exactly what I was looking for to mend torn clothing that was difficult to mend. But I didn't have a fair chance to find out.  I ordered two tubes, one to use and one to give to my sister.  However, one bottle was so thick, it wouldn't come out and the other so watery, it did a fair job mending the tears(that's the BAD).  I believe it might have been poorly managed stock...I hope.  I have NOT yet notified the company to take action...(that's the TROUBLESOME).  So until I actually try out good stock, I couldn't tell you."
"Very easy to use, and it does the trick. I've mended several pairs of jeans with Tear Mender and it works great."
I have used this products several times on several different types of fabric. It works fast and well.
"I used this product for a small tear in white leather. It not only held the tear, there was no residue. It dried clear and looks great."
"Good product.  Works well with fabric, but not on plastic lining.  We have yet to try it on leather.  One problem: sometimes too much glue on the fabric will dry and turn into a gooey, sticky substance."
"The picture is misleading. It came in a different bottle which is 6 OZ. I was thinking that I/m buying the 16OZ bottle (which including shipping is about 2 more dollars).

The received bottle actually looks like this:
[...]

Be aware.

Sold by: Deerso

In part it was my fault.
Bought it to glue the rubber on my table tennis blade."
This is the product chosen by Shetland Sheepdog and Collie breeders to dip puppy's ears.  My puppy's breeder applied it a few weeks ago and it's held beautifully with no irritation to the dog.  It's a shame that this product is not available in pet stores.  I've had a difficult time finding it.
IT REALLY WORKS. BUT YOU HAVE TO TAKE CARE NOT TO SPILL IT OR SMEAR YOUR WORK.
"then this is what I'd suggest.  Unfortunately, I have a puppy who needed gluing.  Tear Mender was easy and quick - and worked like a dream.  No way I'd ever mess around with anything else if I needed to glue again - this product has my loyalty."
"I've always been skeptical of glue-based patch repairs on denim, as they never hold up for me.

I used Tear Mender with a scrap piece of denim to repair several places on two different pairs of jeans and they have held up great, even through multiple washes. I highly recommend!"
"Either I did something wrong, or it's just not that good.
I wanted to mend a spot on a faux leather chair and it did nothing.
I'll update if I use it on other fabrics with any success."
"Did not work on my leather ottoman, equivalent to Elmers glue, if even that."
Decent fabric glue...
This is crap! It was old and dried up and I couldn't use it
Good but dries light beige. Strong hold.
"I bought this to get some patches on my jeggings. This glue was difficult to use, very messy and stained the pants where it touched. It didn't even hold down the patch, had to use saftey pins. Also used on a t-shirt of my son's where a seam came open, worked ok on that but it's still difficult to apply without making a mess. Will not buy again."
Works great but I did have to mend again after about 10 washes.
good product
"Turns yellow.  Only lasts a few washings.  The best use I've found for it is to keep inside patches on.  Disappointed - boy, they sure know how to hype it - they did a good job on that at least."
Use this and it works great
