It took me a long time to find end-caps that fit my larger needles for afghan making. It seems counter intuitive since it takes so long to knit those and the stitches are large enough that they can slip off needles easily if you're not careful. They just seem a little pricey for what they are.
The knitting bobbins I ordered arrived in a very short time and I am very satisfied with them.  This saved me time and I did not have to go snooping at fabric stores for this product.
"These work great for making fast pom-poms, as long as you wind the yarn evenly!  Easy to use.  I bought all four sizes and love them all."
I'm new to crocheting and really like the comfort I find in these hook. The case and the hooks themselves are well constructed and I expect them to last a lifetime.
For the knitter who's just beginning this makes an ideal gift.  I gave two of these sets to novice knitter friends and I'm pleased to say that they both now carry them in their knit bags all the time!
It's so nice to never lose these needles or mix them up with my sewing stuff. The little case is sturdy and it's a great deal.
"I bought this because Lion Brand Yarn came out with a super cute pom-pom rug pattern ([...]I was disappointed by the rubbery plastic disks that are supposed to pass for pom-pom makers, and that you can buy just about anywhere, and decided to use the pom-pom maker Lion Brand suggested for this project.  I'll post pictures of the tool itself, but suffice to say, this thing rocks.  You need to add layer after layer of yarn (don't just do one layer, it will be lame).  It just works better if you cram as much yarn on there as possible.  Great product!"
Had to wait a long time for this to be shipped... However it was well worth the wait I used this item all the time
The best knitting register ever!
Works well.  Thank you.  Would buy from again.
Works great
"I heard rave reviews about these, so I wanted to try them.  They are pretty good, but I think I prefer the Clover Amour and the Tulip Ettimo over these.  Still they are pretty nice."
My favorite hooks! Good buy.
Awesome
This item is misrepresented by the description.  It is only a needle COVER and does not contain ANY needles.  I was sadly disappointed when I received it and returned it immediately.
It worked fine until I broke it
So easy to use. Im glad I bought this.
Works great for threading yarn through a tapestry needle.  Much sturdier than the ultra-thin little metal threaders.
"I wish I could give this set more than 5 stars. Such comfortable hooks and they work so smoothly. I am adding to them slowly with more sizes, but this set is perfectly adequate. The case is lovely and keeps my hooks organized and where I can find them without searching all over!"
"Works like a charm!  I'm so impressed!  I had made a homemade version awhile back, but it didn't work nearly so well as this, and wasn't durable.  These are very durable, easy to use, and consistent.  Definitely worth the investment!"
Makes threading a needle SO much easier
Well worth the money and makes the most beautiful constant Pom poms. Highly recommend if you sell items or am OCD.
"I love the light weight of the Clover Takumi Getaway Soft Touch Crochet Hooks. When I am crocheting for a long period of time, the muscles in my hand don't ache. I've used metal, wood, heavy and medium weight hooks and after a short while my muscles will ache."
I love this pom maker! It makes big beautiful pompoms with less of a fuss!
"Makes the BIGGEST pom-poms. Super easy to use (much better than making them by hand, which is what I always did). Wrap more than you think you need!"
"Arrived yesterday. Fast Service, These crochet hooks are the best."
did not receive the needles. the description and paperwork that arrived both said the package included the knitting needles but we only received the case. requested return/refund.
"Works fantastic! I made these chunky puff stitch beanies in 100% merino wool for the blue/grey/white and in acrylic in the pink/white kids. my finishing touch was the large pom at the end of them and these made my life so much more easier. Great! I also do crouching on my ""Girly Hobbies Channel"" will hav do do a how to do the clover pom video in my upcoming videos; check me out. Thank you!"
excellent for crafts
love it
Bought from seller What America Buys.. came in very good condition..
"love it, makes great pompoms and is easy to use."
"These little devices make it so easy to create consistent pompoms.  Yes, I know and have tried the other methods (the plastic bits you have to hold together, the home made card boards that have to be recreated after a few uses.  These work great!  I do wish there were more ideas included or a web site with details on best weights for yarns to use (learned the hard way -such a waste).  And, crafters, how about some ideas on how to attach the PomPoms with different methods?  Of course, none of this is relevant to the actual PomPom Maker.... just a suggestion for the manufacturer.
I have used these for some time and often have other crafter ask where I got them.  If you buy them, I recommend keeping them in the original packaging.  Easier to store and know the sizes that way."
Just what I needed and the little plastic case they come in is awesome you won't lose anything
"Heavy plastic, well made. The best!"
"Fun product.
Works great.
Use it daily for my project.  Yay!!"
I like this.  Easy to use.
This was a Christmas gift and was received enthusiastically.
too  complicated for  me
"These things make pom poms that are so much nicer than the old cardboard method. Much less yarn waste because you don't have to trim a lot. Easy to use, and so far they're holding up nicely."
"I bought this to make my cat Pom Pom toys. This is the only kind of balls she likes, I was buying them and they didn't last very long. Its very easy to use and only takes a few minutes to do."
They work great. Thanks.
Great product and arrived quickly. Would buy again.
Easy to use. Fun to make!
Absolutely perfect if you want a bigger Pom-pom for adult hats or a quick rug. Its bigger than I thought but I love it!!
"Not that soft, but well made and will be a good set to travel with, that way if I lose a hook it won't be a big deal."
"Made well,works great on all yarn."
"Haven't used this yet, but the smaller ones I have I like very much. I can't imagine I'd not like this one, too. Good design and reasonable price."
Just what I needed for my smaller needles
Very good Pom Pom makers.  Two sizes are included. Im very happy with this set
Couldn't live without it!!
Nice set of shaped flower looms but the directions leave a lot to be desired
Great been very busy so much easier with this
Like this a lot makes great Pom poms.
Its absolutely HUGE! And I love it!
I put them on my d p n I got two sets  when knitting in the round I use two of the same color on each needle  And one needle I use a different color  that is my first set of stitches and as I go around I do not loose stitches by placing the point protectors on excimer and the spare point protector I put one the fourth needle so it will not get lost and when I am done knitting for a while I place a protector back on and all stitches are safe
Youtube has a great video on these.  Easy to use.  Love it.
Bought as a gift.  She like it.  Helps her pass the time when sitting in waiting rooms.
"These are fantastic for making Pom poms for hats. They work really well, and are super easy to use."
It's a good loom.and I can do this.
"Pins are way, way too thick - they ruin the cross-stitch fabric!"
"my favorite hooks to use, keeps my carpal tunnel at bay longer than my susan bates hooks"
Arrived as promised. Work fine.
Very good
These have been great. I like the feel of the wood.
"The instructions weren't good, Went to utube to find out how to use"
"So much better than doing poms by hand. When it comes to tying knots to secure the poms, I can trust I'm getting as tight as possible."
The pom pom maker is great makes an extra large pom pom.
Make beautiful flowers
"Works well
Making Pom Pom snowballs for kids"
I really like it.
Best pompom makers ever!!! Fell in love when them the first time I made a Pom with them  I don't know how I survived making pompoms without these before!
"I've tried a few different pom pom makers, but clover is the best I've found. They're sturdy and very easy to use."
Love how it closes up small. It will be convenient to throw in my ourse without being bulky.
"Following the suggestions in other reviews l watched a how to video on YouTube & followed the instructions. The tool easily produced a full, fluffy pompom that is as close to perfect as one can be that is produced by hand. Sharp scissors & an eye for symmetry are strongly recommended for best results. The smaller of the 2 makers was the right scale for a womens small sized hat."
"Wife loved them so much we ordered a set for her Mom. Wish they came in other colors. After years of using straight aluminum, she was skeptical and is left handed. She really likes these."
"Yes, it's fun and easy to use. And yes it makes beautiful full pom poms BUT no matter how tight you tie the center the pom poms are still very easy to pull yarn out of and there is really no way to stitch in the center to hold it together for longer life of the pom pom.  It uses a lot of yarn so the large size for hats or booties makes the pom pom heavy. As pretty of a pom pom it makes I will not use them again but go back to the old DIY method so that I can run stitches through the center before I cut the yarn loops to have a pom pom that won't fall apart. After all the time you spend making something what good is it if the pom pom will fall apart after washing or children playing with them."
"They make beautiful pom poms, no matter how tight I tie in the center, yarn strands pull out pretty easily!"
"these things are AMAZING!!!! I thought it was ridiculous to BUY something like this but I did it anyway and I LOVE THEM!!!! SO easy to work with and THANK God there is a Video on HOW to use them b/c they LOOK complicated, and the directions, well they might be excellent but I just HATE reading directions so the tutorial was PERFECT!!!!  I'm going to get ALL the sizes so I can make Pom poms for EVERYTHING!!! including a rug or two they are so CUTE!!! and these pom makers will make the process LESS LABORIOUS!!!! so I can actually enjoy the craft portion."
Works great and low price.
"First off, the instructions on the packaging are not very clear. Do yourself a favor and look up reviews on YouTube. Please.

Second, this thing works exactly as it should. I have no complaints. People saying to use sharp scissors aren't saying that for their own benefit. You can get through it very carefully with duller scissors but sharp ones would be MUCH better!

All in all it's a good product and I have no cons!"
Great!
Making a Pom Pom with the Clover tools makes it easy! The Pom Pom's looks great too
I LOVE THESE CROCHET HOOKS.  I HAVE USED OTHERS AND THEY HURT MY HANDS.  I HAVE ARTHRITIS AND THESE SEEM TO BE THE BEST FOR MY HANDS.  I HAVE BOUGHT 4 SETS OF THESE AND I AM GLAD.
The Pom Pom maker is fun to use.  Look up YouTube videos to show you how to use it.  Very easy and fun.  Will be looking for a bigger one if available.
Works the best
Wonderful hooks..love them
"So much fun. Makes a pompom about 4 1/2-5"" around (I didn't measure, but they're BIG)."
Clover Takumi Getaway Soft Touch Crochet Hooks... Great item and package. Speed of delivery as well great!
Super easy to use and works great! I have these in several sizes and I love them!
"My wife loved these hooks after she picked a single one up at Michael's. She says she cannot go back to the old hooks, because these are so nice. I also tried them out and thought they felt a lot more comfortable and had a lot less snags because the hook is more smoother. Better to start out on the plain ones first before going straight to these though. Comes with a nice little case too."
"Great it does a great job, and save time"
"I did not like the feel of these hooks. They were extremely light and felt very cheap. I also thought the soft touch would mean that the frips were soft to the touch, but they were solid and hard. I sent these back almost immediately."
Loved this Pom Pom maker! Easy to used and it makes perfect Pom Poms ! Fast delivery too ! 
"My crochet hook arrived today and as usual Im pretty satisfied with all the process on Amazon.com
The feedback is very accurate step by step.
This set is all I was looking for. Best quality ever."
Super easy to use even for novices like myself!
Easy to use and works great
Hands down the best hooks ever! Yarn seems to just glide over and through these!  WONDERFUL!!!
I have not used them yet but they seem to fulfill my need.  They seem to be of good quality product..
Fun activity for kids and adults!
"Easy to use!  Made great, fluffy pom poms!  I already owned the smaller pom pom makers, and was delighted to have a wide variety of sizes.  Made lots of pom poms in a very short amount of time!"
"I have been crocheting for 60 years.  I have many different brands of crochet hooks and these are the best.  Yarn glides right through these, no splitting of the yarn, making it easier and quicker to use.  I bought the size c 2.75 mm to make snow flakes and was amazed at how easy it was to work with cotton thread.  Ordered the b size to get a smaller stitch from amazon.  Joanns had them on sales for $5.24 each with an additional 20% off so I bought all the rest of the sizes.  I also noted that the J hook is 6.0 mm and other brands are 5.75 mm."
Great tool!  Makes pom pom making easy.  It is still tricky to cut all the strings.  We may just need a sharper scissors.  The cats love when my daughter makes them pom poms on a long string!
Love these so much more than any other crochet hook sets Ive tried. And Ive tried them all.
This is truly the answer to making a perfect Pom Pom!  It was very easy to usd my 12yo made it for me.
I love this crochet hook set and the set price is much less expensive than buying the hooks individually!  I love clover hooks - I find them to be the most comfortable for crocheting.and they are the only ones I use.
"These are my new favorite hooks. All the yarn that I use glides over these hooks like butter. My only negative feedback is that I wish these hooks also came with 8mm, 9mm and 10mm sizes. These fit great in my hand."
They came to me during s rainstorm.  I am very happy to have them. Go Clover Marker Rings and Amazon.
"I never thought I'd give up my beloved Susan Bates hooks that I've been loyal to for years but I started to experience hand cramping and joint pain from crocheting for long periods of time and decided I needed to look into ergonomic hooks.  I tried putting an ergonomic handle on my Bates hooks but still found that my hand pain was not fully relieved.  Because I've seen so many glowing reviews of these hooks, I bought one at the craft store to test it out, extremely unsure whether it would work for me because I tend to crochet with a pretty tight gauge and these have a slightly larger hook head than the Bates inline hooks (these Clover ones are still smaller than Boye though, which I can't use at all).  Well as it turns out, not only are these so comfortable to hold that my hand pain seems fully cured, but I actually find these even easier to get into tight stitches than the Susan Bates hooks, despite the larger head.  I think it's because it has a slightly different finish so the hook glides through yarn more easily, especially acrylic yarn. They also don't split the yarn as easily as the pointier Bates hooks do.  I used the one from the craft store through a couple of large projects (a poncho and a blanket) and liked it so much I decided to spring for the full set and retire my old hooks for now."
"I love them, they are light and easy on the hand...Not recommended when you work long stitches that require long space on the crochet because the working part is quite short....That's what make them easy to maneuver...."
My favorite hooks! So smooth and comfortable over hours and hours.
Perfect for purpose I needed it for: to tie up window shade ropes so that cats don't eat them or get hung up in them!
This is the ideal needle holder with just the needles I needed!  Perfect product for my needs and perfect service from vendor!
Wonderfull
"Works well & it's sturdy. The directions on the package are fine, but it's worth it to check out youtube if you haven't used one of these before."
"All you need for thread crochet is assembled for you in this kit. The hooks are very comfortable and a joy to work with. They are very smooth and grab thread wonderfully. Even cluster stitches are a breeze with these.

The elastomer handles have good grip, allowing you to loosen up and abandon that painful death grip you have to use with traditional steel hooks. The hook itself extends through the handle; it is not just a hook tip glued into a handle, so no worries about the tip popping off. Each hook has a plastic cover to protect the hook tip while not in use.

The case is much higher quality than I was expecting, as are the darning needles and the scissors. Use caution with the scissors; they are scary sharp!

I would highly recommend this set to anyone who enjoys thread crochet. I would definitely purchase this kit again. The kit shipped much quicker than expected. Thank you."
Love it
quality items
Works super. Dont think Ill ever lose. Why don't more people make this
Love it. Perfect pompoms every time. Maybe just me but I needed to watch a you tube video to see how it actually worked aside from the directions given with package.
Love it!
Fantastic product for making Pom poms! Easy to use and had great results.
Seriously saved me so much time making a pom pom rug to accommodate one of my nursery lines! Would absolutely recommend over using toilet paper rolls !
Works great love them
These are great for making pom poms.  Very easy!
These work well.
Love it. Don't know how I ever lived without it. Pom Poms look really professional
Love it!
"Get these if you are a knitter or love a knitter! I got my friend the 9-inch needles, too. These are in the most used and common sizes."
"Really great to have a full set of smaller needles in the most common sizes, and those I use the most. Get both these and the longer ones. Sometimes you just need to have both sizes."
Didn't have the patience  for this.... great  price
It's not exactly what I expected.
Works the way it should. And durable
"Easy to use once you figure out all the moving parts and pieces. Be sure to watch the youtube instructional videos. Best tip: use dental floss to tie off the center. You can still use a yarn ""tail"" just tie it over the dental floss. Easy, fun, great finished product."
Like my other clover sewing products this is top of the line quality. This is the best large eye threader I  have ever used. I have been able to thread yards/thick thread that other threaders broke or could not thread.
Very easy to use.
"These Crochet hooks are the absolute best hooks I have ever owned, and the price for the whole set is a great deal."
They are very handy for knitting.
They work on the needles. They won't slip off if you put them on right size of needles.
Great product
Too Pricey for what it is  sorry.
Bought a 2nd set for my elderly Mom. We both love how comfortable they are.
I'm addicted to making pom poms now. Super easy to use and a lot better than the other pom pom makers I have tried in the past!
Makes threading yarn so easy. A must have for your bag.
"This is no kidding an extra large pom pom maker!  I knew it was going to be larger than the standard maker, but not this large!  Shipped fast!  Very please with my item."
"Works perfectly, I was looking for a threaded that worked specifically for yarn as I was crocheting stuffed animals and needed to thread a needle with the yarn to sew the pieces together and this was perfect. It works very well and I have used it often and highly recommend it."
I make Pompoms with my small kids. Great product. These ended up making much bigger pompoms than I expected. So take care to read for the size you want.
"Love, love, love these!!!! So much better than the ones I was using!!!  Love that they are all in a handy carrying case as well!!!!"
"This tool makes perfect pom poms. I had been using the cardboard circle technique for years and this gadget gives you a much neater and more consistent ball. That being said, the directions were inadequate and I had to watch a video to use it correctly."
"Very good hooks, I've been working with them for a while, totally recommend."
Haven't used these yet. But looks like they should work good for making the pom poms
Love these.  I make a lot of potato chip scarves and these let me use my shorter double pointed needles which are great for working the scarves and anything else with short rows..
Really easy once you figure this little thing out.  Watch a few you tube instructional videos and you're on your way to expert pom pom maker status.
Awesome! They work perfect! They provide hours of fun for the kiddos and they are great for hats and rugs. Will definitely buy again. (Pictures for fun)
Love the pom pom makers - came as ordered.  Easy to use.
Works just as described!
Love it!
Love it! Makes the best pom noms ever!
Great set of varied ring markers. Smooth so no snags.
great
Very useful
So comfy to use. I could crochet longer. Glide easily. Love the package as well. Definitely worth the money.
love them
Exactly as described - good value!
Great for making pom poms.
Couldn't wait for it to arrive an when it came early I was excited. Have had a great time making GIANT pom-poms. Very easy to use and a lot of fun.
Really amazing i love it
"This is the neatest little gizmo to make pom  poms with.  I like it much better than the cardboard pattern that so many of the ""Make a pom pom"" sites recommend.  It makes a perfect tight pom pom that I am using to make a rug for my new great grandson.  It is awesome!!!"
"Let's start with the obvious size difference between a 5.0 mm Boye ergo hook vs the Clover 5.0 mm hook,  there is roughly 3/4 inch more length in the handle of the Boye.  The hook portions are so close to the same length it is ridiculous to measure.  I have attached pictures to show.

The smoothness of stitch is AMAZING, both in the finish of the metal of the hook and in the light smooth feel in the hand.  I have small but chubby hands, sausage fingers if you want to get technical, so the chubbier end of the Boye hook bothers me a bit in the curl of my pinky finger, whereas the Clover handle is flatter.

Lastly, I enjoy some entrelac or Tunisan crochet, mainly C2C, so they are smaller and can be accomplished on an ergo hook, however, entrelac requires that you use the back or bump of a stitch rather than a loop.  If your hook tip is too blunt, it makes this difficult. The tip of the hook on these Clover hooks is blunt enough to not go through the strands but sharp enough to push between the bump and the loops much more easily.

A+++!!!"
I love how easy it is to make pom pom's on these makers. They make great pom's for hats.
Perfect pom-pom maker.  Very easy to use.
My favorite rings
"Best, most comfortable hooks I've used."
I've had a few different hooks. These are the best I think.
"Why I waited so long to give these hooks a try I don't know. I absolutely love these hooks! I literally crocheted for hours on end after receiving this set, which says a lot as I also suffer from repetitive wrist injury as many others do. These hooks are extremely lightweight, which is very nice. I delved into my yarn stash and tested these hooks on a wide variety of yarns ranging from heavy worsted acrylic to fingering-weight 100% wool and novelty yarns, and these hooks crocheted them all with ease. I experienced no yarn splitting, and the hooks grabbed the yarn excellently. The hook moves smoothly through the yarn yet is not too slippery. The point of the hooks enters into stitches effortlessly, including back ridges of long starting chain.

I found the hooks to be very comfortable with both pencil grip and knife grip. The kit is approximately the size of an eyeglass case when folded. As some others have stated, the C hook does have a tendency to escape as the flap covering the hooks is a tad short. I put that hook in upside down and it stays put that way, and I gave the kit a good shaking to test that. You can also arrange hooks in descending order from left to right to keep the pesky C hook from escaping, as all the hook slots are the same size.

I am extremely happy with this purchase, and I can see that I will grab for these hooks first when beginning a project. The price for this kit is awesome too. Crochet should be an enjoyable craft, not a cumbersome, dreaded ""chore."" Give these a try, I'm sure you will be glad you did."
ok
It has made pompoms tolerable to make!
"Works great and I would replace it if it broke.  Makes threading yarn needles much easier, including bulky yarns."
"I love my bamboo crochet hooks by Clover. They are light weight,  smooth (do NOT buy imitation brands!), and easy to work with. Especially good for  neuropathy hands. "
bought for a project works great well made
"Bought these for my mom.  Now i have a pair of my own.  These are light weight, wonderful, comfortable and it even has a pink pouch.  What more could you want?"
Much easier to use than the home made cardboard ones.  Perfect poms every time.
"FIVE STARS !!!  I love, love, love, love these hooks!  They are my new favorite and I have tried a lot !  They are comfortable to work with and I crochet longer with these.  The yarn glides effortlessly on the hook with no yarn splitting.  Such a reasonable price and a cute case to boot.  What a deal!"
I love this set and it is the only one I can use without my fingers and hand hurting while cricketing. The carrying case is perfect and is an added bonus! I couldn't be happier.
Perfect for making extra large poms.
Best hook
tulip is my go to brand. never disappoints
Exactly as listed. Arrived well. Great hooks.
These are not standard sizes but comfortable and have a great little roll up pouch.  It's fine if you need to fine tune your gauge.
Best little invention for making pom poms. I had the larger size but needed smaller ones for baby caps.
Works well easy to use big Pom Pom only fits a baby hat.
"They are almost perfect, I love them, but if they came in almost any other color, I would be sooo happy."
Bueno
Not as easy to use as you would think from instructions pictured. More time consuming as well. I will be making them using a piece a cardboard or my hand as I previously did.
I was supper excited to get these today and a hook is broken in half and all that was in the packaging was the handle. Very disappointed in this purchase.
Love this!  I can't stop making pom-poms and I'm running out of a need for them.  This brand is sturdier and better quality than some of the others I've owned.
These are so much fun to make and easy to do. My 9 year old and her friends are having a ball- pun intended- making these. We have used so many  different yarns- the variegated color yarns are so fun too- neat to see how they will turn out. In short- I highly recommend. It would be something fun to take on your travels too since you just needs some yarn and the little maker and good pair of scissors. Have fun!
It is not like the  soft rubber ones but works well on my size 15 circular needles..keeps the stitches from slipping off and holds fast to the needle tip!!
For business arts and crafts.
For business arts and crafts.
"Purchased as gift, she loves it."
"I am so impressed with this Pom Pom maker. I had been trying to make pom pom's via cardboard. And ended up getting tired. So I found this on Amazon, bought it, and I couldn't be happier. I've been using the largest, and it makes a decent sized pom pom."
Makes pom poms easily.
"Absolutely the very best crochet hooks ever invented in the last 20+ years that I have been crocheting! Slides through all types of yarn like a hot knife through butter! Believe me, I have tried and used literally, every brand out there. The grip is just perfect for my older hands. Firm, yet just a touch of soft in exactly the right place. Very easy on the hands and your yarn! Need I say more? Wish I had found these years ago! I'm sold!"
"My husband darns my socks! Sorry universe, he's taken. These simple needles do the trick just like they should and the handy case keeps us from losing them."
Product ok
Make great Pom poms and so easy to use!
Easy to use. Makes adorable poms
"These are an absolute dream. Don't think that just because these are wood they'll snag your yarn, because they won't. They're so smooth! I would liken the tip to the Susan Bates style, so if you prefer Boye you may not like these. I do wish they made more sizes, but it looks like Clover does not manufacture any other sizes at this time."
Container different than the picture but the needles are good.
I find Clover products are quality products.
Love
"Bought this from Stuff4Craft for my wife to use in the car while crocheting.  She loves it, it was this lowest price through stuff4craft as well.  Very pleased and it arrived promptly."
smallest hard to work with
Great help
Clover products are quality so you can't go wrong. Spend the money and save yourself some time and frustration. You will be pleased with the results.
"<div id=""video-block-R2HXGRO05AVELV"" class=""a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block""></div><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/A1enrHAdjRS.mp4"" class=""video-url""><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/A1rbAeJXJqS.png"" class=""video-slate-img-url"">&nbsp;Lov this Pom pom maker, so ez.  Especially on my fingers.  Quick too"
I thought the hooks were made of wood.. but it was plastic.. though I love them ..
I just love these Clover Crochet hooks! These hooks are the BEST!!!  <3
"I have used these items and it was very easy to make pom poms, I would definitely recommend this products to anyone"
"Love these crochet hooks.  They arrived exactly as described, work smoothly and are comfortable in your hands."
"Works great, and I love all the facets which make it easy to turn the dials while still holding both knitting needles."
"These work really great for making yarn poms. There's just a tiny learning curve. I googled how to do it because the instructions on the package aren't the best. If the instructions were better, this would have been a 5 star rating.

Before getting these, my poms were a little sad looking. Now I can make perfect, full, professional looking poms for my crochet projects."
Used often but these are thin and not easy to pick up if you loosely box them like I do.
Nice
"I have tried several electronic counters, but they haven't lasted  long.  This one seams sturdy, and will use it as a necklace while I knit.  I never use strait needles, so I put this on a cord.  So far I haven't lost it, and it works well."
They won't stay on my needles.
"Love this container for the needles!  So easy to access the yarn needles I use.  Also space for a couple of small items I also use often when I crochet.

However, this is the 2nd container I have owned and I hope this one does not break like the first one did."
gift
For a friend
just what I needed
"Awesome! So great that you're nor is three days of my good day is thks weekend butt off work toss in three years of my life.  **i had to add like 19 words so i just had auto select do it for me, but seriously this thing is great"
Love them. This is a must for any knitter. They are easy to use and keeps your yarn from getting tangled .
"This is a great quick way to make pompoms, especially when you are making alot.  My children love to use it too it is that easy."
"These are the highest quality pom pom makers.  I bought several styles by several manufacturers and these are the most sturdy and easy-to-use.  If you want to make a zillion pom poms, invest in this type!"
Great price. Good sizes. I have been a fan of circular markers for awhile now because you don't have to worry about them coming undone
"I have a few of these crochet hooks. This set was bought for my mother as she really loves the Clover Takumi soft touch hooks she has, but didn't have them in all the sizes. So this should cover most of the sizes she is looking for!"
By far the best hooks! I am in love with these hooks they are my go to hooks. I love them they are the only hooks I use anymore
The Tulip Etimo Steel crochet hooks are quality made and wonderful in hand.  Highly recommend these as well as the Etimo Tulip Pink collection.  Worth the price!
Bought this as part of a gift.  Exactly how described and shipped on time.
Great  product and fair price
reviewed :|
"SECOND ORDER FROM THIS SELLER, NOW I HAVE ALL THE SIZES FOR MY PROJECTS."
so easy to use! thank you for the fast shipping and product.
"I wish I could get a package of markers that are all for size 6 thru 9 needles.  That is what I use most often.  When I buy the rings, I have all of the tiny ones that I never use. I would also like to see more colors.  If I am making something with multiple patterns, I like to use a different colored marker for each pattern.  Otherwise, they are very useful."
Love these crochet hooks!  They come in a lovely pouch along with a pair of scissors and a ruler and needles.  Excellent quality.  I'm very pleased with my order.
Everything was ok !
added these to my other size pompom makers
I use this for threading cross stitch needles. Not for use with regular sewing thread. Seems pretty durable.
I am a pompom maker convert. I don't know why I didn't just give in sooner. These will save you from trimming your poms and making a huge mess (and wasting all that precious yarn). I honestly only need to snip 2 strands of yarn to trim it even. These are awesome.
sooooo good!!!
"Super easy to use once you get the hang of it! So fast and fun, and the pom pom projects are endless! Great way to use up cheap, scratchy yarn as well!"
Very quick way to make large pom poms.  Works well time after time.
I used this to tie a quilt.  Nice to have to worry about the yarn pulling apart when trying to thread a needle.  Very helpful.
Loooooove these! Wish they would offer in a different colored pouch but looooooove these!
"This makes a huge, dense pom. If you stretch the yarn tight while you wrap it, you can get a really tight pom. It takes almost half a skein of yarn.
Unlike the smaller models, it also has clips to hold the arms in. These are the best feature."
"This was by far one of the coolest items I've bought. It was super easy to wrap the yarn around, and it took about about 2 min each to make these Pom poms! So fun!"
"Easiest pom pom maker that I've used. Great quality and a must have for any crafter! I'm an avid crocheter and use this to make lovely pom poms for my beanies and such. Great accent to crocheted or knitted scarves and wraps. Excellent for kids, baby items. Love my clover pom pom maker!"
Wife it's happy
The metal is to short
Works great!
Muy bueno
Makes perfect pom poms for hats or crafts! Easy to use.
Making little pom pom chicks for Easter!
I love making Pom poms and thus made it so easy!
"I'm not sure how I haven't used one in 10 years of knitting/crocheting, but this stitch counter is the best. I'm not sure how it is on crochet hooks (haven't needed to use it yet), but it slides easily onto a knitting needle and stays in place easily. The numbers turn fairly easily, but not easily enough to move unintentionally."
"I saw this on a TV infomercial and it looked like a fun, easy way to make pom-pom items. I have not used it yet."
So relaxing to make while watching TV.
Nice !
Amazing
"Excellent product for making pom poms out of yarn.  Durable and very reliable.  Wish there was a size between small and large, though."
Excellent product for making pom poms out of yarn.  Very durable and reliable.
It is the easiest and best needle threader I have ever used.
This helped me make a very nice pom pom for my stocking hat!!  I made it easy and it looked great!!!  Love this handy little helper.
"I received these large Clover pom-pom makers in the mail yesterday and have already made 7 poms with the blue one. Super easy and fun! My only complaint is that the smooth plastic (where you cut the yarn) developed scratches from my scissors immediately. It hasn't been a real issue yet, but it's a bit of a bummer that it's already gotten rather beat up and jagged after only 7 uses. Tip: wrap the yarn far more times than you think necessary -- You'll end up with a much denser pom!

Since the makers did not come with any instruction, I found YouTube tutorials to be especially helpful."
Great Pom-Pom maker
love this kit.  all the items are useful and not just more stuff.
I totally love the needles in the case. It helps me identify which needles I am grabbing due to visual disturbances. So far I am lucky enough to still be able to see enough that I can do the mending and some crafts. The needles do not have any burrs so they travel through the fabric very smoothly. Recommend for anyone who is old school like me when it comes to repairing fabrics rather than toss them out.
"Love these.  Couldn't make a pom pom ""the regular way"", but with the Clover they are right from the get go."
Nice stitch holders that are easy to use.
Works great!! Fun to use!! It's a personal preference to use this or make a pom pom by hand. I'd much rather use this product. It was easier for me.
Very sturdy bought one for my daughter
So easy!!  I made 8 pom poms so fast!  I wish I had these as a kid making pom poms the hard way.  I used dental floss to tie so I could tighten it very tight.
By far my favorite hooks! Wish they made them in larger sizes.
Caps are a little harder than I expected but still a nice product.
Easy to use and seems to be holding up quite well.
Perfect for threading yarn.
"I used the Clover soft touch hooks in the past, I will order this set, these hooks are the most comfortable and soft, my two thumbs have arthritis, thank Godthe test of my fingers do not have it."
This makes the lovely huge Pom poms that you see on hats these days. Just what I needed to complete my set.
"Perfect. It's everything I'd hoped for. After 50 years of knitting, I finally found a gadget that makes full, fluffy pompoms."
It was like expected
LOVE this craft tool.  I am a new knitter and used this to make a large pom pom for a knitted hat that I made.  It made the hat look GREAT.  I can not wait to use it again to make more pom poms.  I did watch the tutorial on you tube which clearly explains how to use the maker.  Great fun and great product.  Can't wait to try the other sizes.  I did purchase mine at Joann Fabrics with a coupon.
"guess it would work well but I had mis read thought was for small needles, so no good for me now. Kept it might need it some day"
I enjoy this pom pom maker with all my crochet project and some quilt project that I have and it is a lot easier for me to make this pom pom with out the fuss of alignment.  Thank you
I'm enjoying this stuff and it help to become more creative with the project that I am working on
"Easy to use, saves time when making Pom poms."
"These make the cutest pom poms ever! Only tip, tie them with thread or dental floss, not yarn. You get a tighter pom pom that doesn't separate. The little one is perfect for infant hats."
Easy to use  --  beautiful pom-poms!
Easy to use.
Fun
Love this
"Love these crochet hooks, they are so smooth and don't snag your yarn. I love the larger handles as I'm getting older and arthritis is a problem and these hooks work just spiffy."
Love
Exactly what I hoped for and arrived fast!  Hooray!  Making a big yarn wreath and these make it so much easier!
Love the product!
"So, so. Not big enough."
Item is easy to use but large is smaller in size than I anticipated. Over all a good investment
These bobbins are awesome and sturdy. I love them
Absolutely love this! Makes great Pom poms although I had to watch a YouTube video to figure out how to work it! It said there were instructions enclosed but the were not
"My go to for stitch markers. Thin, good colors, several sizes, no snagging, good value. I've had fancier, more expensive markers but always come back to these simple ones."
My daughter loves this item
Everything I expected.
Fast shipping and these are by far my favorite hooks!!
I will never make another pompom without using a Pompom Maker! Very little waste and the pompoms come out Amazing!
"Adorable, color coded tools. Fun and easy to use. I can't stop littering the planet with fuzzy pom poms!"
The knitting needles are perfect and knit nicely with the yarn.
Great tool to have!
"Fun, and easy to use."
My daughter has pom poms all over her room now but that was the point! Great product!
Best pom pom maker ever! I love making all kinds of cute crafts using this tool.
"Got this for my wife.  She's happy,  I'm happy!"
"Got these for my wife.  She's happy, I'm  happy!"
"Now, these work really well regardless of the material the needles are made of, or the sizes I used (generally US4 to US11)."
Met expectations
"After spending too many years trying to make pom poms on my own, this device is a godsend! I love it, and highly recommend it to everyone!"
"best product, well made and easy  to use"
"I had previously bought a different brand for making Hair Pin Lace, and this tool is far superior.  I didn't realize at first that you are supposed to take the top off while you crochet.  It holds well and I was able to make hairpin lace using lace weight cotton yarn.  I don't use the third dowel, but I imagine some people might like it."
"Does a nice job, video instructions helped."
Really easy & FUN!
"Very comfortable hooks and I love the clutch! I seem to be dropping more stitches, I am not sure if the hook indent is smaller or more sharp and causing that or if it is just my style in relation to the hooks. I have found if I loosen up my grip on the yarn it works better. I have a tendency to crochet tight so it is more than likely that I am the culprit. :)  I like these hooks a lot."
"Yes, both of these do make pom poms.  However, the directions need a tech writer's assistance, as one step is entirely missing.  Additionally, one must somehow use a finger on the non-dominant hand to systain a space in the middle of the arc where absolutely no yarn can exist or the unit might break (?!?!)  Since the hat I made used 3 colors of yarn. I wound those 3 colors three times together on the large pom pom maker.  I don't think I could have wound a 4th time, but really wanted to.  These units are sufficient.  I've read reviews on other cheaply built chinese units with absolutely lousy instructions or no instructions and decided against those.  Why pay for trouble, when you know it's coming?  Just wish Clover, which tends to charge more than other companies for their sewing accessories, would add the step that's missing (think it should be where Step 3 or 4 should be)."
"these have always been my favorite hooks.  They are the best!!  I'm so glad I invested in this set.  they feel comfortable in my hand and they help me get an even tension when I crochet.  I highly recommend these, and this is a fantastic buy."
excellent
These don't stay on the needles at all! Very disappointed. Wish I could get the old kind which look more like a nipple and really worked.
Much better than the smaller ones/
Perfect set for home and travel.
Perfect gadget for someone who has to make pompoms. These little things are a god send! They work great and make very nice pompoms.
Add a few poms to an inexpensive knit hat! Menards had some $99 cent ones and some scrap yarn of various colors made a cheep hat for the quick give a ways!
hard to use not enough instructions
awesome!  thank you!
"Well mfg, sturdy, improvement over the usual more fragile styles, easy to use given the flat metal thread puller: all-in-all, Price/Qualityiot is a star."
This product makes perfectly sized large Pom Pom's.  They are all the rage now and I make them all the time!
Love them!
Amazing! Very light and do not hurt your hand while crocheting. Like the color too.
Poor instructions.
"This is the easiest way to make big fluffy perfect pom poms in seconds. You open up each of the sides and wrap the yarn around the arms. Close the arms and cut the yarn between them. Tie another piece of yarn around the center, knot it off and voila- open the maker and you have a pom pom. You do need to trim a few longer pieces but very little trimming is needed. I used it to make pom poms for all my christmas gifts this year. So Cute!!!

I have  different sets of the Clover Pom Pom makers so that I can all different sizes from 1"" to 4 1/2"".
I love how consistent the pom poms are and how easy it is to use."
Love them.
whoo hoo
It's a real life saver for the thicker yarns
"Thus far, I've only used the large maker, but it's easy to use, once you get the hang of it. It makes beautiful pom-poms!"
"I've used the Clover Pom Pom makers to make hundreds of poms in the last two years (I loom knit a lot of Jayne Cobb-style cunning hats for the @CSTS charity auctions). I used to be one of those hard-core types who wrapped yarn around a stick, or wrapped a pair of nails pounded into a 2x4. Then I treated myself to the right tool for the right job. Never looked back.
This purchase was actually a gift for my daughter, because she kept disappearing with *my* pom makers and skipping town. A loom-knitter's gotta do what a loom-knitter's gotta do, so now she has her own set and mine is safely hidden."
We really like this tool. It's a great way to use leftover yarn for wreaths or embellishments.
great product
"I like these hooks, although they could use come improvements.  I would like to see thicker ergonomic handles on these.  i still find they tire my hand as thin as they are, and they split threads more than other hooks I've used..."
"Wish the gauge was made of sturdier material. I  found it very flimsy. Everything seemed of better quality. I like clover and find them to be the best for knitting supplies, just surprised at the gauge."
"Love this Pom Pom maker, so easy to make!"
It arrived very quickly and is fun to use.
nice training tool when you want to learn how to.
I love these Clover pom pom makers and I wanted a large one to make super big pom poms....and these fit the bill!
Good quality product. More instruction on how to use it found on YouTube. Helps me create small pom poms easily.
"Love the product & quality. The backing provides instruction on how to use the product but you find more help on Youtube.
I have created several pom poms in different fashions and created an ""accidental"" pom that almost looks like a sesame character that lives in a garbage can :)"
I don't know what all of the features are for yet and there doesn't seem to be much in the way on instructions on the packaging. I do like it overall though and will continue to use it!
Use it all the time.
Received quickly and is as advertised.
I can see how these would make it easier to make pompous!!! Will be using soon for hats!!!
I LOVE this product. So easy and for others that are struggling with making pom poms.. please try this. It's saved me so much time and they look adorable! Now I enjoy making them rather than dreading it. You could make them as full as you want.
Super easy way to make pom noms. Much better than the old-style forms
This is my favorite brand for the twisting row counters. The others I'd bought all seem too fragile and cheaply made. I'm going to buy more for sure!
Great tool for making accents for crocheted work.
Works awesome! Should have ordered these a long time ago.
These hooks are fantastic! I read reviews of them but I didn't want to commit to an entire set. I bought a single one from the craft store and fell in love. I'm not sure what the coating on the metal is but yarn glides over it like butter. The handle is really comfortable which surprised me because it doesn't look like it would be. I have crocheted with one of these hooks for hours without getting hand cramps or fatigue. As other's have noted the hooks are shorter than some other ergonomic hooks. I have small hands so it doesn't bother me at all but I could see how it may take someone with larger hands some time to adjust. I decided to spring for the whole set over the holiday season when Amazon had a great deal on them. My only complaint is the color. I am not a fan of the vintage harvest gold color but the performance makes up for it.
Works like magic. This is the best. Easy step-by-step video directions available online. Thank you.
I absolutely love these hooks. The set is perfect. It has the sizes that you need for most projects and they are light and perfect for holding. The yarn just flies off these hooks. I have found that I am spoiled and this is the only brand I want to use now.
Great
Nice long pins for many knitting/blocking uses.
working at it !
"or years I have something similar to this tool for threading my tiny little cross stitch and embroidery needles.  Whenever I would go to weave in my yarn on my crochet and knit projects, I would wish for something similar to help thread my big eye needles.

When I recently ran across this tool, I thought it would be the answer to my weave-in woes  and I was right!  Not only does this thread work well for pulling in bulky yarns it also works well with finicky yarns that typically unravel when I am trying to thread a needle (example:  Premier Spangle) and especially when I am working with multiple thin to average (1 to 4 weight) yarns at one time.  Of course, the yarns must be able to fit in the hole so working with two bulky yarns at one time may not work well.

I especially like it for the last as I like to blend various yarns to give my projects my own look and style.  The project generally goes great until I am faced with trying to thread a needle with two or more yarns of varying weights.  I try to thread them one at a time and it takes forever and sometimes simply does not work.  In those instances, I end up weaving in separate yarns which is a true pain to do.  Not anymore!  I put the multiple yarns in the threader, choose the right big eye needle, thread it and weave the ends in.

I like and use this tool so often, it is definitely going on my gift list for others who work with yarn and that includes those who needlepoint as well as those who crochet and knit."
Love these!  They make awesome poms. So easy to use and very little cutting to make them cohesive
Its a great little tool. I use it all the time.
It made my pom-pom making much easier. Good tool to have around and simple to use.
Perfect. Exactly what I expected.
these work great for large quantities that I'm making for an event.
They worked well
I had to go to You Tube and follow the directions from there.  The directions included are as detailed as on the video.
Easy to use.  Great if you cant see very well!
Was a present.
bought 2 sets- my cousin and I just love the ease in using it and a perfect pom pom
bought a set for myself and my cousin -- it' is fantastic and has saved a lot of used yard and time
"High quality as I expected, at a great price. Arrived on time."
"Awesome! I never had a pompom maker before, but I am soooooo glad I decided to get one!"
I love my Pom Pom maker it is fab thank you.
I am beyond impressed with these pom pom makers. They made making pom poms a breeze. In the past I would dread making a pom pom. Not any more. Thank you Clover for manufacturing amazing products!!
I ordered this set because I had purchased a single unit at another retailer and loved the size and feel in my hands while working with it. These are my go to hooks now.
Makes super pom poms
Makes perfect pom poms.
"Shipped fast, great product."
nice
Christmas present for Grandma. Very nice set. She loved them!
Works great but the instructions are woefully inadequate. One needs to find a manufacturer's  video on-line for assistance.
"This is a great tool! Easy to use, but I recommend that you invest in super sharp scissors to make it easy on your hands to cut through the yarn once it's wrapped up."
Made great pom poms. The directions were not good for me. I had to go on utube to find out how to make them work.
great
Worked as expected.
Used for weaving in ends of knitting projects.
"Wish the spikes were longer, so when using thicker yarn, it wouldn't keep trying to pop off the loom. Otherwise, this makes some pretty cute flowers!!!"
I love this! You can make the fluffiest Pompoms ever. Just watch a You Tube video and you will be making one in minutes.
You can work a lot of loops following the instructions however I would go for a model with a longer overall needle so you don't have to do as much shifting!
Love this pom pom maker.  Easy to use and pom poms look great.
"This is the best combo for pomp poms. I use the smaller (green one) for bottom of flap ear hats and the larger (blue one) for all hats, even baby hats."
"Love this Pom maker, makes really nice and almost perfect round poms!"
"These were a gift that I've been wanting for literally two years. They were SO worth the wait!! The handles are the perfect size for my hands, the hook ends are so smooth they're flawless. Before soft touch, I had the Boye crochet master set and used them for years. They hurt my hands after less than an hour but I bought a glove and went on. All ergonomic hooks I've tried were too much handle not enough hook and rough quality. These are perfect! I'll never look back! I don't even have any interest in the Amour hooks, because I love these so much. My only complaint is they don't come in sizes bigger than J, and the larger Amour hooks are plastic - which I can't stand squeaking through my yarn. For my 6.5mm I bought a Tulip Etimo, but honestly I'd rather have a soft touch! If you haven't tried these you're truly missing out!"
Excellent
i like this
"Needs clearer instructions, but is wonderful"
Wonderful product.  Works real well.
"These tools are so helpful for pom pom making. Good sizes, easy instructions, and perfect pom poms every time."
"These crochet hooks are very comfortable and nice. Smooth, light, and have a good price."
"Bought these for an intarsia knitting project.  Fairly good at neatly holding the individual strands of yarn and easy to ""unlock"" yarn to let more out. I do  have to be careful to ensure yarn is locked in place or it does unwind.  Also, if I don't keep the individual strands very short, other strands of yarn want to wrap around alternate bobbins."
I have trouble getting the angle right and actually get the needle on correctly but my husband has no trouble
Wife loves it.
The wife injoys it.
"Easy to use, makes a nice looking pom pom."
"The large size works will on the larger needles, as well as moderately sized needles."
"This is easy to use, and makes excellent pompoms."
"conflicting reports from the page and the sellers and images about what sizes these needles work for.
my package has smaller purple triangles for US sizes 11-15 (8-10mm needles) and larger red triangles for US sizes 17-19 (12.75-15mm needles).
even though the article number from clover is the same the text info on the packaging is different, and maybe the sizes have changed and gotten smaller considering my colors are also swapped.  but since i can't use these on my 19mm/US35 needles, which is why i purchased them, they're hardly what i would consider jumbo - especially by CYC standards."
"Oh my gosh, I love this. I got this for me. I wanted to make pom poms and just couldn't do it myself. This has two different sizes and I love them both. I made the cutest pom pom garland with this. I will be making a wreath also. Very fun to use also and made very well. Love it***"
Well made.  Easy to use.  Love them.
Fabulous and well made.  Easy to use.
I'm doing some crocheting with lace thread and you kind of need this. All other blunt needle sets I've seen does not have this small of a needle. Clover has some of the best products. Great buy!
Love these. They make pom poms so much faster and any other method.
Great
It makes perfect pom pins but I'm still perfecting tieing it so they don't pull apart easily
Awesome!  Used these to make a pom-pom wreath.  Very easy to use!  I can't wait to use it for other projects.  Well worth buying these!
Love the case that you store the needles in. Itself is worth the price
this is amazing. i can't wait to pom my life away
"I am rather new at knitting, and am sometimes bothered by the feel of the knitting needles rubbing on my fingers for extended periods of time. The clover needles, though, are wonderful. They are easy to use, a good length, and do not bother my fingers at all. I feel so much more like a knitter with these needles, as I am able to work a bit more quickly, and without many dropped stitches.  I LOVE having so many sizes at my disposal. I think this is one of the nicest sets of tools that I have ever owned. The bag is very attractive, is very easy to open and close, and keeps my needles securely in place. I have asked my daughters for the set of Clover Crochet Hooks for Christmas."
"Just a little too small for what I needed. Other than that, they worked great. I was able to keep the yarn on the bobbin when not using that color and it was much easier to keep the yarn untangled than using the whole skein."
Very easy to use. Made both size of pom poms they are super cute.
Love using my Pom Pom maker to make the perfect Pom pom's
Love using these to make my Pom pom's.. easy to use and saves time...
Love this!
Easy to use.  Pom poms are pretty uniform.
So easy to use.
Looks cute. Not for bigger size of knitting needles.
Love this loom set! Flowers are beautiful and the sizes are wonderful. The possibilities are endless! I received my order quickly and had no trouble at all. Would order again
Purchased these as a gift for my wife. She absolutely loves them.
Thought they were smaller from the description but they work perfectly fine
"These are the best crochet hooks I've ever used. I'm very, very happy that I bought them for myself. The case is a nice addition and makes storing and transporting them a breeze."
"I like this very much but would have given 5 stars except for one thing. The larger size hooks are very comfortable, but the smaller size hooks have a narrower handle and it hits my hand wrong and after an hour or so my hand starts hurting. They could've and should've made the handle the same for all sizes and they would have all been comfortable. However, these are still much more comfortable than regular steel hooks."
"Very easy to use, and produces nice looking pom poms. However, I am having trouble figuring out how to tie off the pom poms tightly enough."
"I have somewhat numb hands, so having the larger shaft is essential for me."
"Literally the BEST crochet hooks. Slide so easilu yhrpugh the yarn but never uncontrolled. Your hands will thank you
 I never thought I'd be able to easily crochet with smaller sized yarn (2-3 weight)  but with these I am able to crochet with that weight without hand cramps amd without struggle."
A LITTLE DIFFICULT TO PUT BACK TOGETHER BUT THE PRODUCT WORKS GREAT
after i got o youtube for directio s it was easy love it
Very satisfied.
Tried these Clover tools for Pom Pom makers for the first time. There was easy to follow instructions and for the first time in doing Pom pins they came out excellent. I highly recommend them.
These are so simple to use and my 8 year old daughter is able to make poms as well! We have had fun together making a wreath with poms we've made! I would buy again and suggest to others!
WHY DID I WAIT SO LONG TO BUY THIS
Easy to use; color makes it easy to find among knitting supplies as I knit
Just the right size
"Works like charm, recommend to anyone who knit, make your project fun and easy"
I have ever size pom pom maker. This one is larger than expected. Works well. Arrived quickly.  #HappyCustomer
This item is excellent. I've had so much fun making pom poms. I plan to order more just to add to my collection of craft supplies
This tool makes pom pom making so easy! Clover makes good products.
"Very nice set, good quality."
Makes dense  fluffy pompoms and is easy to use.
Great!
These hooks are great.  Since I've started using them no more tingling in my fingers
"very nice quality ... just what I was hoping for, and the case is great as well."
Does what it's supposed to do so it work great.
"I did receive the 3 darning needles, but the set I received was a green tube not the blue and white. I already have the green set. I like the different color storage tube for easy recognition."
these work great!
"I love these crochet hooks! They feel so good and I can crochet for much longer periods of time. I had to get a complete set. The case is very nice, as well."
Love it! So easy to use and hasn't broken after making many pom poms!
These pom pom makers were very easy to use and make excellent pom poms. The quality seems to be very good and I am happy with my purchase.
Very easy to make Pom Poms now :) Happy me :)
I love it ! Finally making Pom-Poms is easy :)
Perfect
You have to be careful pulling the yarn through the needle. It's easier on my fingers pulling the ends in.
Work great my 9 year old can even make pompoms with this.
Easy way to make tons of sizes in flowers. My daughter loves using this. I bought it for me but my seven year old daughter couldn't wait to open it and make flowers!
Love this product
"This product is so easy to use, my 5 year old can make pom pom's on her own. Beats making them with a fork. Makes small and medium size pom pom's. Highly recommend."
very happy
Works great!
We had to make over a hundred pom poms. This worked perfect!
"I ordered what I thought was opaque blue and cream Chibi. Instead I received clear green. Works fine, just not as advertised."
My daughter is nine and wanted these.  These make making pom poms so easy.  She loves these little devices.
Can't figure out how to use it
"So happy I finally caved and bought these! I've been crocheting for years and have always made pom poms by hand for my beanies, so I couldn't justify spending money on something I could do for free. However, I finally got so frustrated at how much time and effort it took to make pom poms by hand, and they would still come out super floppy and uneven. THESE ARE LIFE SAVERS!! I watched a YouTube video for a better understanding of how to use them, and now making pom poms is a total breeze. The smaller size is perfect to put on top of baby beanies, and the larger is perfect for adult hats."
ok
Every year I learn a new craft or upgrade an existing craft...this was affordable and I love Loom Knitting.
Handles turned out to be a bit short for long use comfort.
I love to knit and this allows me to make Pom Pom's fast and easy!
Great crochet hooks!  I love them!
"This was a gift to myself, and it was a long time coming. I love Clover hooks because they don't make my hand cramp when I'm crocheting. I can Work for hours without a break and not even notice it. I would recommend these hooks to any one - experts and beginners alike. They're th top of the line, best on the market. You won't find a better hook out there!!"
These are the best crochet hooks ever. Great fir those with arthritic hands.
Love these crochet hooks. My favorite of lots of different brands I own. I ordered a second set
I just love these hooks they feel so comfortable thanks its great
"These are alot easier to use than, say, a cable needle.  Very handy."
I'm very pleased with this set of knitting needles. I wish Clover made a corresponding set of smaller sized needles as well.
"The set is nice and the case quality is high. However, the handles are sill a bit on the small side for the person I bought them for."
So easy to use and one of my favorite craft purchases to date!! Thank you!
Great product!
works great
I'm loving these hooks. They glide through the yarn -- no snagging or drag at all. They will speed up your crocheting and are easy on the wrists. I definitely recommend them!
I use this for cross stitching and love how sturdy it is compared to the flimsy ones I've used previously. It has saved me so much time threading the needles. I highly recommend.
Works great
trash
"Great kit for beginners. See through pouch fits a small pair of scissors and a crochet hook. Everything else needed is in there.. Very compact, good value"
"I had been looking for crochet hooks in varying sizes for some proposed projects, and it seemed like every store I went to did not carry the sizes I was looking for, so I decided to invest in this set.  I think it's a great value for the price and I like the carrying case.  It's small and fits inside a plastic box I have on my table, where I keep various items needed for knitting and crocheting.  It would also be great to carry in a project bag while traveling.

I like this brand very much; the hooks are extremely comfortable to use for hours at a time and I haven't had any cramping or flareups in my hands or wrists since I started using them (I used to crochet with all-metal hooks).

The sizes are the most common or popular ones that most crocheters would probably use.  So far I've used four of the hooks for various projects.  I would highly recommend this set to any crocheter who wants to have the most common sizes of hooks on hand.  It's really nice to be able to grab the hook and start working, rather than having to go out and search for the right size hook."
"This is a great set of quality bamboo knitting needles.  Now, when I find a pattern I like, I don't have to worry that I might not have the right size needles.  They come in a lovely space-saving case."
"Very happy with purchase.  The holders stay on the needles very well, especially like the two colors for easy marking."
Hooks were displaced and just a mess.  Nothing was broken tho so thats good. Just messy
"I have always loved to crochet, but in the past couple of years I have torn tendons in my arm and have tendinitis in my thumb.  I thought I wouldn't be able to crochet any more because the skinny regular hooks hurt me so bad to use. I figured I would try these.  I ordered this set and another cheaper set for my sister-in-law. When they arrived, I liked her cheaper set better.  The handles were actually soft.  These have a little thumb grip sopt that is soft but the entire handle is not soft.  So I returned these with no problem.  (by Hooks & Loops) is the one I liked the most.  There are other companies that sell the same product.  They are a little spongie and very comfortable to use."
Works Great
"I love these hooks!  They are light and soft, very easy on the hands and yarn.  I think I found my new go to hooks!  And I've got a set of all the brands, I've done the research ....  The bag is nice and compact.  this set is #1!  :-)"
Love them!
"I decided recently I wanted to learn to knit.  I have been a crocheter since a small child.  At first I purchased a learn to knit kit that included aluminum needles.  As a beginner I couldn't get my stitches to stay on aluminum and would become frustrated so I started researching online videos and blogs to find out as much as I could about knitting.  The one thing I found in most of the information is that wood or bamboo knit needles are best for beginners because the stitches don't move a quick as aluminum so they don't slide off the needle unexpectedly.

I ordered one pair of Clover needles to test and as a beginner I can say these are the best needles I've used so far.  I don't loose my stitches as easily.  The needles are smooth but not slick-no splinters snagging the yarn.  After knitting one beanie for my grandchild and two dish cloths I decided to order a set of these to continue learning this craft.  I highly recommend these needles, especially for beginners.  I don't get as frustrated using these needles as I did with aluminum.

The included case is nice as well.  All the needles stay in place. There is a flap at the top of the case that uses Velcro to attach to the inner case so that the needles don't slide out."
So easy to use
These are amazing. I could not for the life of me male a decent pom pom by hand no matter how hard I tried and this has saved me so much time and frustration. Its easy to use and the pom poms come out nice and full so not a lot of trimming is needed.
I absolutely love my Clover Takumi Getaway Soft Touch Crochet Hooks. The case is perfect to keep them together and I love how light they are in my hand.
Great product! Perfect for my needles.
"I have not used bamboo needles before so I wanted to try them, these are very smooth and I am looking forward to trying them."
This is the third one of these I ordered. Before I had them needles would get misplaced. This keeps them all together and very easy to take with me when I crochet on the go.
I will not use another crochet hook.  Even the cheap Red Heart yarn glides over these hooks.  I swore off RH because of the splitting it did with my Boye and Bates hooks.  Love these!
Making pom poms is a breeze using these makers.
I have to make over 140 pom poms for 2 rugs and these are such a time saver!
The wire insert broke the first time I used it.
Excellent!!!!!
I'm not serious enough to really need multiple darning needles but the case is great for keeping things organized and findable inside my sewing kit!
finally a different color
this is a great product and the case is perfect for on the go.
"AWESOME.

I'm crafty.  I do TONS of different things, but I had never tried making pom poms for some odd reason. Everyone told me they're so easy and you only need cardboard to make them.  Well.  I tried cardboard and another maker from a clearance rack and I couldn't believe what a PITA making pom poms was.  Didn't feel worth my time.  WELL.  I ordered some of these, and they are so easy to mindlessly make, like while on a road trip.  Added bonus, kids like watching the reveal of the pom pom.  I plan to have my 5 and 2 yr old try making some too.  I think they could handle it. I don't think they would have fared as well with a cardboard version as I felt like I needed extra hands when using a lesser version.  This style is easy, clear cut, and helps one make a quality pom pom."
Works great
Needed new crochet hooks.  Was still using my mom's 1970's Woolworth plastic hooks.  OMG the difference!  I love Takumi'a knitting needles.  They are my go to for double pointed and straight needles.  These hooks have take. My crocheting to another level.  They are so comfortable and the yarn slips so smoothly over the hooks.  I'm am so happy I invested in these babies.  I'll be doing a lot more crocheting now that I have them.
"I've had this threader for several months. It's for my yarn and easily threads most yarn needles. It might even help with a longer eyes sewing needle but I haven't had that need. It stays straight and doesn't bend. I've used it for 2 ply, #4 dk worsted and bulky. It makes threading the yarn needle smooth and trouble-free. I'm ready to by a second one to take on the road when I fly."
These are perfect for winding yarn for all sort of products.
Best hooks ever. I already knew it.
"Takes a little getting used to but once you do, it's so comfortable. And wow, can't beat the price. Great git idea for the yarn freak in the family."
Clover is THE best brand for yarn tools. I am terrible at making Pom Poms and this tool makes it so easy and quick ! (The Pom Pom in the pictures was used with the green medium sized one)
Loved the simple case and variety of needles! Great beginner set! I bought this primarily for beginner embroidering.
I like these so well that I donated all of old aluminum hooks and only use these now. Much better for my arthritis. I can hold onto these much better.
Love this Pompom maker!
Great variety pack in this hands' and fingers' best friend feeling crochet hooks.
Like
Easiest way to make a Pom Pom.
Love these crochet hooks. They are so much easier to hold for long periods of time than the traditional hooks.  Nice case too.
"I like these.  Still never quite can get the center knot tight enough to hold in all the strands, but it might just be me. :)"
"Pom pom makers by Clover are always phenomenal. This one is no exception. I kove how fast and simple it is, and the maker is incredibly durable.

Perfect for every crafter out there and also available in different sizes!!"
Best for thick nylon or yarn projects
I love the whole kit! Crochet hooks are great and I love the way it's so organized!
They work well.  I use them with single point needles to keep stitches from sliding off when I have to stop knitting.
My knitting teacher recommended this Pom Pom maker for the tennis socks I am making. I have not used it but I will be doing so in the near future.
This contraption is a dream.
These come in very handy and I find myself using them. The only problem is there are not enough in the package for a person like me who likes to work on multiple projects. Will order again.
Good product.
"This is a handy little item to have. Keeps the yarn needles in one, safe place. Bought it for me and one for my daughter. The lid does not pop off. The needles don't get lost. Love it."
I bought these to make pom-poms for the hats I was crocheting for a charity project. I've made many of them and it's held up great! The two different sizes give you options for different sizes of hats. Clear directions for using it. I also bought the smaller sizes and they are just as great!
ok
Great for holding your needles in a safe place.
"Cute, useful, great for keepin' your needles safe and out of the way!"
A good set of bobbins. They will hold a good amount of yarn.
easy to use
"I am loving this diffuser.
It is small but not too small. It has a very nice stream , very quiet and looks very attractive I'm going to buy another one so nice"
The posts are too short which makes manipulating the tool with the standard length of a crochet hook too cumbersome. Because of the short posts it doesn't hold that many loops so you have to unload frequently.
amazeballs!!!!!
LOVE LOVE LOVE so easy to use that my 5 year old make them
Handy tool and perfect for airline travel that prohibits scissors.
My wife is tickled pjnk with it. She says it is a great product
"I have been crocheting for 23 years... I picked one of these up at a group crocheter's club.  And well I had to have my own!!  LOVE, LOVE, LOVE them!!  Flow so much easier than anything I have ever used."
"Love these hooks, and to get them all in this lovely case is priceless.  The value is outstanding."
Perfect for threading yarn in a tapestry needle.
These work very well and make really nice pom-poms
Never have enough of these markers
Very very light and soft and my pain in hands when crocheting did not come back. I highly recommend this to my friends and to new crocheters. I love this hook. It just fits my small hands. :)
great buy
"I love them. They fold kinda funky but with use should settle down. Visible sizes in both standards. Very well crafted, no snags so far. "
Works like advertised
"I've been knitting a linen-stitch cowl in laceweight on size 6 circulars, with a cast-on of 500 stitches, so I REALLY didn't want any to slip off. The needles are stainless, and while the slipperiness is excellent for knitting fast, I definitely wanted to make sure everything was safe before putting the project away. These do the job!"
Awesome!
really good ordered another
"Sent quickly. Hooks are a delight to use. Case is terrific -- everything I its place, plus. Scissors, needles, ruler. Love this set."
Recommended
Exactly what I needed.
Love these crochet hooks. Great price on them
These are my new favorite hooks. They fit my grip style perfectly and I can use them for hours with any discomfort.
Worked just how I needed it to!
"This is a wonderful little contraption for carrying your darning needles in. I put a string through mine and keep it in the same bag as my knitting projects.  I love that I never use my darning needles and the name is fun to say, too."
Slippery
"This is a nice set for a beginner.  It has a little bit of everything you will need for knitting, aside from the yarn and needles. :)"
No more breaking cheap aluminum needle threaders for this crocheter!
Love them! Makes Pom-Pom making additive!
These are such a huge blessing when knitting socks in the round.  Finally my stitches are staying on the needles!
"This case ROCKS!!!
Great case and it fits the included needles well. My favorite part..... it fits up to 7additional darning needles as well. Niceeeeeee"
Great fit.
"I would give these hooks more stars if I could. I crochet Amigurumi animals 3 to 4 hours a day for gifts and our local craft fair. One of my pattern books recommended these hooks.  I bought one F hook to try and now have 2 full sets...one for home and one for my travel bag. I have given all my ""standard style"" hooks away!  These hooks are a bit more pointed, making tight amigurumi stitches easier to make. Many people ask how I get my stitches so even. It's the hooks!  The hooks! (OK, some practice as well!)  The yarn stops at the gold, raised cushion part of the hook and than makes everything nice and even. I don't have carpel tunnel or sore wrists even after a long day playing with yarn. Buy these and don't look back!!"
"These are my favorite crochet hooks ever!  I love the case,  the handles help keep my hands from cramping unlike others and they work very smoothly with all types of yarn.  They've never gotten snagged.  I've made many blankets,  hats and more with them."
Worked as expected
Awesome!
I Love it!
These are of a nice quality the bag is good there were no splinters
perfect
good product for needlepoint
I love these hooks! Very easy grip and the hook is deep enough to keep the yarn on it. They arrived before the date!
"I have a habit of losing my needles to this has been awesome at preventing this. I like the needles and use them to weave in my ends, on my crochet projects."
It just works!  What more can you say for a product like this?  It does the job it was meant to do.
It just works!  What more can you say for a product like this?  It does the job it was meant to do and does it well.
Pleased
As described
"Works OK on straight needles, doesn't work at all on circular needles but maybe the packaging said that & I didn't notice."
I have used this threader for years.  I just wish the darn things would quit growing legs and walking off.  Just kidding.  Buy one you will love it.  I give them as little surprise gifts when I see someone struggling with yarn and any other threader.
"Great product, great price"
Huge and impressive
"These are hard plastic and will not ""stretch"" over my loom pegs like other markers I've gotten. I gave them away to someone who does crochet."
Excellent value.  A complete set for the price of 3 hooks.  Can't beat it.
Just what I wanted!
excellent
Great once I got the hang of it.
Can't wait to try it ... had it recommended to me from a friend and was amazed to find it not available in NZ but pleased Amazon had them :)
Mostly just got this for the markers and the measuring tape (buying separate winds up being about the same price). The other stuff is just bonus but will come in handy if I decide to try knitting again (hooker here).
Love this little invention! Makes it so much easier to make Pom Pom's and they come out perfectly round with very little trimming needed.
"I HATE making pompoms.  Absolutely hate it.  However, I love the way they look.  I purchased these because a few friends said they were awesome.  I have to agree.  It doesn't take me long at all to make pompoms now.  They come out looking awesome and don't take me nearly as long as they did before.  I recommend these for anyone who hates making pompoms manually."
Easy to make Pom poms. I use this often with crochet projects.
"These are my favorite counters. Unlike other counters on the market, these knobs stay in place until you rotate them. I love them!"
Needles are good quality and the case is a bonus -- I use the case it for all my darning needles.
Love it!!
LOVE THESE POM POM MAKERS! GREAT BRAND.
I LOVE this brand of pom pom makers.....they are GREAT !
"Perfect Clover hooks that alleviated my hand and wrist pain while crocheting. Much cheaper than buying individually, and have the Clover case. These are the same quality as Clover hooks you buy individually, so there is no risk! I adore them so much that I just ordered another complete set for a friend!"
These are absolutely my go to hooks. They are light and comfortable to grip. The shape of the tip makes crocheting fast and snag free. I also love the case. Each hook has its own pocket. And the case secured with Velcro making it easy to carry and store.
"Work great, love it, fast shipping"
Love it!  I use nothing but clover bamboo needles.
"The only reason this isn't getting five stars is because, for a ""large"" pom pom, it isn't very big at all. The mechanism itself is a good design and the directions were enough, though."
This product was above and beyond what I expected. I would recommend this product to beginner and advanced knitters.
This set is the most fabulous set of crochet hooks I've ever found I have many sets wooden and otherwise but I love the way this crochet hook fits in my hand and says my hand since I have arthritis
"Used as gift for Grand Daughter, good product and service."
Very easy to use. Quick and simple.
Useful
"I really Love my crochet hooks one major problem, they were approximately $5.00 each. Even though this is a unique style I would like to see this product at a cheaper price. That would increase your sale to me. I can even consider wholesale. Thank You"
My mother loves her new hooks! This was the perfect gift!
"The best set of knitting needles I've ever used. I would buy this brand again. They are the most comfortable. To heck with medal knitting needles, just not the same. Love it."
They are awesome.  Wished I had tried much sooner.
"replaced one that i had used for years, and lost."
"There are 3 needles, the best"
"Bought these for my daughter. She said they are perfect,"
Love the holder and the sizes of needles that come with it are perfect!
"I purchased this for my mother who is 76, she loves it."
"Works perfect, easy to use and great quality!
Can't wait to use them on a daily basis."
"Easy to work with, I really like them"
Very nice set to have. It stores easily and keeps the needles together.  I would buy again.
works well
"A must have tool to make pom-poms.  I did have to go on Youtube to see how to actually use them, but once I learned they were a breeze to make.

I am able to make pompoms in 2 different small sizes.  I ended up purchasing the larger size set as well.  Its easy and makes perfectly formed pompoms :)"
"I was excited to get these circular knitting needles knowing that there was no size 10.5 as mentioned on the Amazon description. Unfortunately it took a while before I would start a project using circular needles. When checking for the needle size needed for my new project I realized there were two size 11 needles and no size 7 in the case. Disappointed.

Other than that, the needles appear to be made well. The needles are smooth and the nylon cord is securely attached to the bamboo."
"This is one of my new favorite tools to use! A must for any yarn crafter! As an avid knitter and crochetter, there comes a time when I would need to make a Pom Pom for one of my project. I used to do it the old fashion way, creating my own cardboard template. But the process was so daunting that I would sometime avoid the project all together. I have seen these Pom Pom makers in the stores before, but never thought about trying them. After all, can they really be all that different from my cardboard templates. Well, I am glad that I did try! It is such a breez to use these Pom Pom makers, that now I am actually looking forward to using them and making more projects with Pom poms. They are so easy to use that even my 7 year old daughter can use them now. The instructions on the package are a little confusing, but there are plenty of tutorials on YouTube that do excellent job of explaining how to use this product. If you like to craft with yarn and make a lot of Pom Poms, I would highly recommend purchasing this product.

The large size Pom Pom maker makes a nice large Pom Pom that can be used on a child's or adult's hat. And the smaller size great for baby size hats."
My granddaughter is delighted with this Pom Pom maker. She is putting pompoms on all her knitting projects!
"The tips on these needles are wonderful!  Smooth and slick I'm thrilled.  However the palm of my hand does cramp after a while and the handles are too thick to get a foam holder on.  If you hold hooks like a pen or a fork then you should have no problems, I learned to knit first so hold hooks the same way."
Good
Grear
"Very nice product, lots of options for making flowers.  I have found that it works better with a thin (2 ply) yarn. Several You Tube videos are out there on this product which are helpful as well."
"The pom pom maker is very good but I need a bigger madida , this use it for small projects, I recommend"
Great tool. Easy to use. Sturdy and durable.
Makes pom pom making super easy! Used the smaller one to make angels for a Christmas wreath.
"Use this to darn socks, I need to get out more."
This worked great.  I did watch a video of someone using it on Utube and it helped.  The instructions included were hard to understand.  But so much easier than the homemade cardboard method I've always used.
Easy peezy once I figured out how to use it :)
No more looking for my scissors when knitting to change colors.  Works great.
These are AMAZING! They make creating pom poms way easier.
Great product
"These work great and were much cheaper than buying them at Joanns.  I had a hard time finding markers for large needles, but these were perfect!"
Items as promised and shipped immediately!
"This is such a time saver! Like another reviewer said, 'no more cardboard.' Perfect addition to my crafting stash, and extremely easy to use. Gone are the days of waste, and tired fingers. I made three perfect pom poms in under 10 minutes - with an overly excited toddler in the background yelling at me."
this is a must have if you crochet or knit.
"I'm so glad they sell these without the hooks. I have so many Clover hooks, but not the cases. They just about fit the Amours, too, but a bit snugly on some of the larger sizes because of the round shape of the handles. The only downside is that they don't come in other colors."
"A little more difficult to use than I thought it would be. My first several attempts at making pom-poms completely fell apart, wasting yarn and making me upset."
WONDERFUL! I have bought 2.  I would keep a set in every room. Maybe I will someday!
This yarn threader arrived quickly and surpassed my expectations. Thank you!
"This item is great, it doesn't fit on my size 11 needles, but I just put a string through it. The color isn't a bright pink like shown (more like a faded red), but I'm still happy with it!"
"These work very well.  We made looms hats with my daughters school and we started out using a handmade Pom Pom maker out of cardboard, which was very difficult and our end product was a lop-sided Pom Pom that required a lot of trimming.  The Pom Poms we made using this tool turned out great every time.  Very easy to use. They were a lifesaver when making so many Pom Poms."
"Clover hooks are my absolute favorite.  These are my ""extra"" pair since I have a set already.  I throw these in my project bags and away I go.  The case makes for perfect travel and storage :)"
Nice compact case and needles are smooth. Beginner knitter so it is nice to have the size selection as I am experimenting.
These are  the best row counters that are made.  The dial is easy to spin but locks into place so you don't have to worry about the numbers moving if you throw your knitting into a bag.
Bought for a friend.  She loves the set.  Great product!
"Really love these hooks,my hands does not get cramps in them anymore. I would recommend these to anyone."
"Good product, does what it was bought for, fast shipping too!"
Glad I invested in the set! They are light weight and fits comfortably in my hand doesn't cause cramps or anything and doesn't get hot after hours of crocheting! Next is to get the Armour set! I think these will always be my favorite though! =)
"I do needlepoint and have had many different needle threaders. I've done needpoint with acrylic, cotton and wool yarn. Eventually all needle threaders break.  Not this one!! Rock solid, made well and lasting for a good long time."
great price fast delivery good quality
"It makes the pom pom okay. It is easy to use, but somehow it can still be pulled apart by my child... hmmm.. maybe I am not doing it quite right and needs more practice."
Works well
Works well
These stitch markers are the easiest markers to use. I am currently using size 11 knitting needles and the large fits them perfectly. They slide on and off with ease. I like that they are complete circles unlike my other ones that are teardrop shaped and get hung up on my yarn.
"Unless I simply must crochet with a hook other than the sizes here, I refuse to use any other type.  These hooks are a crochetier's dream!"
An amazing product to make easy and quick poms!  Bought these for my grandma and great aunt and they were amazed.
"I am a crochet designer and after trying all brand, and even custom hooks, this is always my favorite brand of hooks, soft to the touch with a wide handle, smooth crocheting... Love it."
This is green and see through. Not the old Chibi look. Not even labeled Chibi. Just says Clover.
Love my new crochet hooks with their carrying case.....keeps them all together!
The grips are awesome and very ergonomic. The metal has a very fine finish which makes crocheting a dream!  Other brands snag on the yarn but these are incredibly smooth.
These work very well in making nice and neat poms. I wish it had come with some instructions on the packaging. I had to look it up on my computer.
"Wonerful tool to have but does not turn easly and thin and flimsly, still usable but could be made much better quality"
very nice and easy to use
Great product! I've been knitting for years and wish I'd tried this long ago! So much easier than other methods.
"Very easy to use, great time saver, and perfect pom pom each time.  I could not be more pleased!!!!!"
"The Clover Takumi Getaway Soft Touch Crochet Hooks are my favorite set of hooks to date. I purchased ONE of these hooks when I was at the beach because I had lost the hook I was using to work on a blanket with, they are so expensive to buy individually so I've been on the hunt for a full set ever since. I finally stumbled across this one and snatched it up so quickly I barely blinked.

I hooks are slightly shorter than the regular hooks, but the yarns seems to glide through without pulling or snagging, and the best part is that it doesn't kill my hands (which I'm sure have developed corporal tunnel syndrome at this point). But I'm also constantly numb in my left arm and extremely weak in both arms for over a year due to a neck injury and haven't really been able to crotchet at all, this set has allowed me to be able to crochet a bit more that I've been able to in years. Best ergonomic brand out there.

As a mother, grandmother and business owner, I know and understand the true value of an honest review, I, myself, depend on reviews when making purchases and my business only exists thanks to testimonies and reviews from clients. I personally guarantee a fully unbiased review of this product.

DISCLAIMER: This was a PERSONAL PURCHASE. I did NOT receive a discount for the purchase of this product, I was NOT asked OR obligated TO LEAVE A REVIEW ON THIS PRODUCT, I AM IN NO WAY CONNECTED TO THIS SELLER AND HAVE LEFT THIS REVIEW OF MY OWN FREE WILL."
I was looking for something I could keep in my yarn bag without worrying about my grandkids hurting themselves on scissors.  This is absolutely perfect!
You can't go wrong with Clover products :)
I like them.  they are easy to see and to move from needle to needle.
These are not as secure as the long cone shaped options.
Easy to to use!
Work great
Fantastic for finishing...easy to thread serged thread so I can tuck it  into the seam.
"These are so cool! In the past I have always made my own pompom maker, but they never held up well.  The instructions that come with it aren't very clear so I had to watch a youtube video to figure out how to use it."
These make wonderful poms !
I absolutely love these!!! They are so smooth and comfortable to use!! And it's nice to have a case so I don't misplace any of these hooks!!
"Wife is very happy with them for scarves, but mentions they are not very long needles."
"Great case, good quality and holding up well"
"I like the way this works, but I can not seem to get the binding around the Pom Pom tight. I guess I will need another person to ""put a finger on this"" if you know what I mean. It's hard to tighten the know with just your own hands. Best thing tho, this price was 1/2 of what it was at my local craft supply store! I always look at Amazon first....."
Love this product!  Makes perfect Pom poms  and is very easy to use.
"These crochet hooks are very comfortable to use, and I love this little case."
Fast shipping. Everything was exactly the way it was described. Perfect
"I've seen reviews that say these don't work well on certain sizes. I have not had any issues with these, even on size 1 DPNs. As long as you push the needle in enough, they work great. The material is not slippery so it doesn't slide off of my needles.

I use these on both metal and wooden needles, they have worked great for every needle I've tested them on. I would definitely buy them again."
"Don't bother with this style of yarn bobbin. They don't hold much yarn, they unravel too easily, and they tangle up with each other far too often.  Better to get another type of bobbin (Dritz Loran or some such). Even cut-up pipe cleaners, which I ended up using, are better than this bobbin brand."
They wouldn't stay on my needles.
UMMMM WHY DID I WAIT SO LONG TO GET THESE!!!!!!  Now I keep looking for things to knit just so I can make more pom poms.  Super easy and really make a great pom pom for any project
I am excited to try this product but it did not come with instructions.
Love them...so easy to use perfect Pom poms every time!!
Perfect little kit for knitting bag. Much more expensive to buy items separately. Love the carry pouch.
Excelentes
They work great for holding your work when you take it off the needle.
easy to use and make perfect poms!
Got this to make poms for my cats and it works amazingly well! It's very easy to use and I love the large size.
"I bought this pom pom maker to make pom poms for the hats I crochet.  It's easy to use (especially if you look up a youtube tutorial first!) and I really like the tight yet fluffy pom poms I can make with it.  I tried other methods, but this one works.  It so easy to use, my 8 year old loves to make pom poms too.

Tip:  To tie your pom pom really well at the end of the process, use a length of dental floss (instead of yarn) and pull as hard as you can then knot it around the center of the yarn.  I like to make a second round with the floss, tying it off on the opposite side of the first knot. (This will make sense after you learn how to use the pom pom maker.)  I use yarn to finish these off and fasten these to the hats I make, but dental floss doesn't break and can be pulled really tight to hold all that yarn in place at the center of the pom pom.  If need be, wrap the dental floss around two wooden spoon handles or dowels, it will enable you to pull it extra tight without hurting your hands as much. :)"
These pom pom makers are fun and very easy to use.  Wrap the yarn very snug around them and the pom poms come out full and fluffy.  I've made many of them and attached them to babies' and children's crocheted hats.  So cute!
I always hated making pompoms but these make it easy.
Thanks
Great for making nice looking pom poms. Check this youtube video (or others) for more info on how to use it. I've attached to tops of crocheted hats  and the pom poms have come out unharmed in the washer & dryer. I do put my crocheted items in a small mesh laundry bag to launder. [...]
By far my favorite crochet hooks!
Ordered for my mom and she loves it. It works really well for her.  And it came very fast.
"That's what she said, right?

This case is the cutest. I got in on sale for about $24 on Amazon. Compact and well made.

Hooks are very comfortable, but my hands are a bit on the larger side so the end of the handle rests in a strange place on my hand.

Works wonderfully for your typical projects.
DOES NOT work well for complex patterns that require you to hold several loops on your hook. The comfort grip part of the handle limited space dramatically.

Other than those small issues, I've enjoyed using them. If you can hold/handle one in store first, that would be best."
I love using these needles to finish off my crochet projects. I can get in between the strands of yarn for a more secure finish. Much much better than the straight needles.
wife loves it
"dont like at all. not long enough hooks, will not buy again"
I really needed these and am happy with the purchase
Takumi Crochet Hooks are comfortable and move easily throughout yarn and your project. The case is great and folds up small and the hooks won't fall out. I Loves these crochet hooks!
This gadget makes it easy and fun to make pompous.  I couldn't find them locally so I was thrilled to find it here.  You get two sizes which makes it a good deal to me.  The directions are easy to follow and the results are consistent--always a good thing.
Not sure why I didn't buy these years ago. Makes pom pom making so much easier. Simple to use.
They are exactly what you expect an at a good price.
"I love these hooks, I have had so many surgeries on my hands and find it hard to hold a standard hook. These fit nicely in my hands and the shat isn't too short"
"Excellent quality, just as you would expect from Clover.  These are my favorite hooks, easy on the wrists and works the yarn very nicely."
My wife was super excited by these in her stocking. She now uses only these while crocheting.
"Love the feel of these. Less fatigue in my hand as I crochet due to the shape of the handle. Yarn slides easily along these and the hook glides through tight stitches too. I'd bought a couple of these as singles in the store, but liked them so much better than the old aluminum ones that I bought the whole set. If I start doing much with threads and thin yarns again, I'll probably spring for the steel hook set too."
Made perfect pom poms for my pom pom wreath.
"Love my needle set, the case is an excellent bonus!"
Completely unnecessary purchase and more complicated to use than not to use.
Very nice set. I really like the handles.
"Makes beautiful , perfect Pom proms every time! So easy to use too!"
My soon to be 80 year old mother loved these hooks! She does a lot of crochet and her fingers pay the price. These make it so much easier for her.
"These hooks took some getting used to because I have long hands and I am accustomed to using the pencil hold. When I use them using the knife hold, though, I can make quick work of most projects. I read somewhere that these work well for cotton yarn; I haven't found them to be any better, really, than other hooks in working with that material. I do like the finish, though, and I like using them. I switch back and forth between these and my&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Tulip-Etimo-hooks/dp/B0045QHTU4/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Tulip Etimo hooks,</a>&nbsp;which I still love above all the others I have tried (including aluminum hooks--Susan Bates and Boye, generic ergonomic hooks and Clover Amour). Clover Soft Touch crochet hooks are a close second to Tulip Etimo hooks in my book, and I'm glad to have them in my collection."
its okay
"I added this on to an order as an afterthought, thinking it would save me a specialized trip to the store for darning needles. Sadly, when I opened the package and took the needles out, they were rusty.  I'm not happy about that, but it is not worth the trouble of sending them back.  Disappointing.  I guess some things are just better bought locally."
I really like Clovers products--knitting needles and all other knitting notions made by clover.  These stitch holders are smooth and well made.  It is very easy to move the stitches on and off the needles from either end.  Plan to get the other sizes as well.  I recommend this product.
I bought these for my elderly aunt who loves to crochet. She reports they are comfortable in her hand and loves the set. The only thing she said negatively is that it is really too many sizes. They are not all necessary.
"Always losing these, was able to put it on a spare key chain, and hang it on the key board !!!  Yeah me !!!"
this is not at all what I was looking for.
So easy to handle and great quality
I purchased these to use on size 0 & 1 double pointed needles. They fit tight enough to prevent stitches from falling off bamboo needles but loose enough to easily remove to knit with that needle.
"Now that I've figured out how to use them (had to go on Ravelry to get instructions), I think they're okay, but the yarn slips out too easily. I actually like a cheaper set I bought--I think at Hobby Lobby--where the yarn is kept inside a clip so it can't unravel by accident. However, these Clover ones do hold more yarn."
"I've only had my loom a few days and have never done hairpin lace before but, I was super excited to try and I love Clover's products. The measurement markings along the clip edges for the peg holes are in centimeters so be prepared for that. When in use you are supposed to remove the top clip so you can flip your hook while working the strip, I thought that this might make it a little wobbly but was pleased it did not. You replace the top clip when you want to start sliding your work off when your loom gets too full, the holes in the peg bottoms make it really easy to have guideline in place. I occasionally have to untangle stuff a bit but usually that is after I have had to set down my work and chase my kids off to bed or cook dinner. I appreciate how compact this loom is as I am able to fit it in some of my smaller project bags and take it with me. I won't lie lace making is addicting and difficult to want to put down."
This was a gift but the feedback is they love the pouch of hooks
Cannot get to tie off tight enough.  Very hard to cut through as many layers that need to be wrapped.  POS.
"Love this, so easy to use, makes the process fast and all pompoms are the same size each time."
So easy to use and makes wonderful cat pompom toys.
"Such a simple little tool, but great for lessening the aggravation of getting yarn on a tapestry needle.  Love it!."
So easy to use and works great!
I love the extra large size of the poms poms easy to use.
"Easy to make, just wish I'd gotten the big one."
Bought for my niece as a Christmas present as she is really into crochet. She loves them and says wouldn't ever go back to anything else.
I had bought a diff brand in the stores because i was impatient. I am so happy that i haf ordered these.
"My husband bought these for me for Christmas. I love them. They are the quality I expect from Clover, smooth, lightweight, and sturdy. The length is nice to keep in the bag I take with me to doctor's appointments. The case is also very nice."
These needles felt a bit thin/flimsy which I think is related to their length more than anything else. Very smooth needles and a good value for a set with this many sizes included.
Very convenient to take these hooks wherever you may roam. They were a gift and the recipient loves them. Very smooth and a great value.
"Love the storage case that comes with the needles.  Well made & the price for this set of 7 pairs of 9 inch needles was much more reasonable than the price of the single pairs of larger knitting needles.  Too bad they don't offer a complete set of just the knitting needles with storage case in the 9 inch size.  What is offered is an incomplete set containing more sizes along with crochet needles, which I don't want because I don't crochet I do recommend this set, especially if it is ever offered at an even better price than $31.99 + Free Shipping with qualifying purchases totally over $35.00."
I will never know how to use this.
like
"Works great for making perfect, cute little Pom poms."
Favorite hooks ever!!  (Clover Amour hooks come in close second!)  Now I have them all in one holder. I've been wanting this set for a long time.  I have others I bought sepetately that are now kind of like spares. Just wish they made K and up in this style instead of stopping at J.
These are the best crochet hooks ever and I have been crocheting for 45 years and these are absolutely the best ever and I have many crochet hooks I have tried.  These are the best for tired Hands and ones that hurt from arthritis etc....I highly recommend these and it is a very nice plus that they come with a case and scissors and small ruler very nice all around set
Great - I used a sharpie to write the needle size on the end because it was hard to read on the needle itself.  I love it - what a great purchase price for the quality.  I'm a beginner and this will be what I need for quite some time. Would highly recommend.
All useful little goodies.
"The two halves spin around when they are connected, which is annoying, but it doesn't affect the result and it's really fun to use."
"These hooks are terrific. I love the ergonomic design, and find I can crochet longer with them  The case is handy and attractive.  My only disappointment is that there isn't a full set available that includes the steels."
"I use my double points as regular needles and these keep the work from sliding off the end.  Soft and flexable so they fit a variety of sizes.  I use bamboo needles, so I don't know how they work work on metal."
"These hooks are far superior than most hooks on the market. The flat handle is comfortable and ergonomic.

For my smaller hooks I bought some soft grips for around the handle because I usually hold the smaller hooks tighter.  Overall these were a great price for great hooks.

The case is cute and convent to have as well. I misplace my hooks often so it's nice to have a designated spot for them."
"The varied needle sizes in this pack are handy for different sewing and darning needs. I tend to buy one of these at least once a year, as they tend to get spread around to projects and friends."
"These are not as good as I expected.  They are smaller than I had wanted, but do the job."
I ordered because I really wanted the hooks the case was just an extra feature.  I would have loved to have all the order not just the case.
This pkg was satisfactory. Much better than the 4 size pack. Different manufacturer.
These are great for fingerling yarns and size 10 thread.  There are finger resting areas that keep the small hook in the correct position to catch the thread.  I don't have to twirl the hook to find the access for the yarn.  The cushion handle is soft and smooth and each hook is made of metal and is balances.  Great tools.
AWESOME hooks!  The handles are comfortable to hold and crochet with and the metal shank part crochets like a dream!
So happy I bought these. I have carpal tunnel syndrome but these hooks seem to work well for me. Lovely and really well made.
Ok
love these stoppers.  They work really well for what I need them to do.  Have been a very useful addition to my knitting arsenal.
"Good price, useable items."
"I ordered these to make Pom Pom snow balls for ""Indoor Snowball Fight Kits "" I made and sold for the holidays. These Pom Pom makers are made to last. They are easy to use and make awesome Pom Pom's. This size was perfect for the snowballs. I highly recommend these to anyone wanting to make quick easy great looking Pom Pom's"
Perfect. Thanks.
"Very helpful.  I would have liked scissors in kit as well,"
Perfect for thicker wool
"The Wife has been knitting for years. Since we have recently gone through a huge move and most of our stuff is in storage, she was constantly frustrated by not having access to the most basic (but essential) knitting tools. When I found this set, I figured it would be perfect for her and so I decided to get it and surprise her with it. She was pleasantly surprised and I think it meets most of her needs. She commented that the only thing she felt like it was missing was a good cable needle, but I have already seen her use at least half of the pieces on the intricate scarf she was working on, and she switched out her stitch markers as soon as it arrived.
From my wife: My only real complaints are the lack of a cable needle, but that is easily remedied. The stitch counter is a little clunky and not the nicest on the market, but it gets the job done, as long as I remember to log my rows. I like the diaper pin style markers, and like that I could take them off and move them without having to knit to their place in the row. That being said, they can make knitting a little more ""clunky"" and like to be in the way, but as I continue to knit with them, I am getting used to them and they are working fine for what I need them for. They have not come undone as of yet. The tape measure is nice, just make sure to look for the 0"" line as it is not the end of the tape. All in all it is a good set, and comes in a nice clear zip pouch to hold all of the supplies. I am happy with my surprise and plan to continue to use it as I keep knitting."
"Love these pom pom makers! After making my own for years, this is such a quick and easy solution. Highly recommend it."
"Works great, especially for needles with larger eyes. For smaller eyes you might have to find another. This one is also very sturdy-feeling."
These work wonderfully for creating pom poms for banners. I have one in every available size and appreciate that they do their job and don't take up much space in my craft room.
I like to make pom poms to users as spacers in handcrafted banners. These little tools work well and are great to use with yarn and tulle. I have one in every size.
"Works really well, good counter"
I have not used this item yet but is exactly as described.  I am looking forward to my upcoming project...I do not expect problems with this item.
The yarn threader is exactly what I needed to thread my wool into my needles. It's a perfect tool for a knitter like me. It doesn't bend when I am pulling the wool through the eye. I can use many types of wool in this yarn threader except the bulky wool. It just doesn't fit in the eye of the threader. It is a sturdy item which is easy to use.
Best tool ever! Quick and easy way to make pom poms without the mess...
Best tool ever! Quick and easy way to make pom poms without the mess...
Received days early! Was exactly what I was looking for. Easy to use!
"I love to crochet and knit. I wanted to start a project that called for a few dozen bobbins!!! That scared me a little. So I went to various craft stores and Walmart to purchase these. I couldn't believe that nobody carried any bobbins! You would think the craft stores would carry them. So, being the Amazon lover that I am, researched for the size and quality I would need. Of course, the cost is also a factor. Clover brand is highly regarded as having quality products. I knew that they wouldn't be flimsy, which I was correct. There are 3 different colors in the package: pink, blue and white. My project calls for 3 different colors so I put the white yarn with the white ones and the other two colors are always on either the blue or pink. I purchased 6 sets of these. The price was great because it was an ""add on"" purchase where you have to spend $25 or more to be able to purchase. If you didn't know, you can purchase enough of the ""add on"" purchase to make that minimum. So I got a great deal! I have used these for a while and absolutely love them. They hold a lot of yarn where you don't have to keep refilling them and having so many tails to weave it. The 2 sides have the slits to hold the end of your yarn, which I find that wrapping it like a crazy 8 holds it best. I have had no problem whatsoever with the yarn falling off the sides! I highly recommend these for your projects. They will last for years to come!!!"
Received quickly; products as described! Thanks!
Thanks
"love this product, this kit was a fab price, too.  This is the best crochet needle I""ve ever used."
This product makes it easier to get pomp poms done rather quickly while looking pretty professional.  My daughter and I had a pretty good time making pom poms.
"Very useful - would recommend to anyone who knits as it has all of the bits and pieces one often needs, but usually cannot find to hand."
A++++
Cheap product not what I expected. It was a gift
so much easier than the cardboard method....and faster.
It was hard to figure out at first but after fully taking apart the packaging I found the directions on the inside of the back cardboard (duh!)! Now I whipping out pompoms like a no one's business!
Love these pom pom makers!  Easy to use and affordable!
"I purchesd extra sizes so I can use them with friends 2 & 4 lol...

My friend showed me her set and I  know they will be used..."
Where have you been all my life? These are easy to use and make perfect pompoms. I have all of them that Clover makes.
Why did I not have these in my life sooner??? They are pretty easy to use and so fast! Barely need anytrimming after the fact too
A necessity. I keep it in my WIP kit. This is my second purchase over many years. No problems.
"Fun item, great seller!!"
"Amazed that i had never bought these hooks in the past.

My elbows do not hurt anymore. Maybe it's the glide of the hooks. Cause I've made polymer handles on my own personal hooks and have never experienced such comfort as I have with these hooks.

Amazing.

Thank you"
A much needed tool for really great pom-poms.
"I ONLY RECEIVED THE CASE, NO HOOKS!! NOT COOL. NOT COOL AT ALL......"
I used to make pom poms with cardboard and it would take me longer than 30 minutes. This takes 15 minutes or less and they come out easily and even.
Great Pompom maker. Easy directions. Lots of fun.
Great set of crochet hooks that are really comfortable to use.
Love theser hooks. So light and easy to hold. Great deal too. I couldn't be more happy with this purchase.
So easy to use! I bought more sizes!!
Works just as I expected it would!
"Ordered this on Prime and it took a week to get, then I only received the soft case- NO HOOKS."
"Easy to use! No much instructions, but I found it on YouTube. This item has saved time and my life for making pom poms! So much easier with this!"
Large picture knitting projects require several small bobbins.  I tried these but they keep tangling and unwinding.  Use the small Boye bobbins instead.
Yay! Tickled pink with my pom pom makers
"This instrument is nice and I am able to hang it on a silver chain around my neck, because if it wasn't around my neck I would misplace it. Works great with Tapestry yarn and any other needlepoint yarn or thread. It makes threading needles so much more simple. I really like to use it with Perle cotton doesn't shred the thread like you might when threading without a yarn threader. Has a nice look, the metal part of the treader is a little flimsy. it would be nice if it would fold up unto itself and also have a place where you can place it on a chain. I would have gotten the antique threader but I need to hang it around my neck when stitching and there was no pendant hole on the antique threader.  The hole for the chain is small but I was able to put it on my silver chain 30 inch with some effort, the hole could be a little wider."
"I got this when I first took up knitting, and a couple years later, I still use it with every project! The only thing I would add would be a pair of small scissors. The clear case is great when you need to find something tiny."
"I can't  believe how smooth and easy my crochet projects are to do now. The hooks don't pull or split the yarn. I have arthritis, and my hands don't tire while using these hooks like they used to do with others. They are so light, it feels like I'm holding nothing at all in my hands. I thought about buying these hooks for a while, but always put off my purchase. I wish I had bought them earlier. Great hooks!"
It actually works just have to figure out how to tie middle tarn tight enough so they don't slip out.
Function as expected
"I received the smaller versions of these as a gift and had to go and buy the larger ones. They are AMAZING! I had to watch a quick YouTube video to figure out how to use them but after one viewing, I had it and now my pom-poms turn out perfect! They are neat and clean. I absolutely LOVE this product!"
"Never made a pom pom but this made it super easy!! It really is idiot proof! I just watched a video on YouTube how to use it and made 2 poms in 10 min. Just make sure you have a smaller, very sharp pair of scissors to cut thru the yarn. Highly recommend."
IM GOING POM POM CRAZY. this makes it to fast an easy. it legit takes 5 minutes
"I have a knitting club in my fifth grade classroom.  We make hats for needy children in our county, and I bought these because trying to make pompoms the old fashioned way using cardboard was frustrating for the kids (and we were wasting a lot of yarn).  These have been a fantastic solution.  Once you get the hang of using them (and I had to have someone show me), they are easy and pretty much foolproof.  There's no need to trim the pompoms down once they are finished - they are symmetrical and the perfect shape.  Just make sure you tie the final knot really tightly, or the pompom will start shedding yarn.  I use the green one far more than the blue one, but that is my personal opinion.  I have bought a couple more sets as gifts."
They worked
easy to handle case and hooks
Fun Pom Pom Maker and easy to use! Just go to you tube to see how to use this amazing pom pom maker.
Made making pom pos super easy. I recommend this product
I can make these easier with cardboard.
Works great and very cute
great set
I like these as an alternative to the point protectors since some needles just don't want to keep their point protectors in place.  The only trick is getting the right fit on the needle.
I love this Pom Pom maker. It was a good price too.
Perfect
"These Pom Pom makers are very simple to use.  This package makes 2 different sizes..I ordered a couple different types of Pom Pom makers because I've never used these & I wasn't sure what would work the best.. Out of the 3 types I ordered, I like these!  They have very simple to follow instructions and I made a perfect Pom Pom my first try! I learned that you can do multiple wraps around (the instructions don't mention this) and make your pom poms even fuller! If you need to make Pom Poms for some project you are doing & the size is right, buy these, you won't be sorry!"
Now I can make perfect pom poms with barely any struggle and no wasting yarn trying to trim it correctly. Amazing tool.
Good product
"Before I got this pom pom maker I didn't have a clue how to make one. In less than 5 minutes after I took them out of the package I had a pom pom. I had to trim it a little,  but that was simple.  Some of the reviews suggest the how to video on YouTube.  I watched it once, and then immediately made one.  This is so easy! It is also so much fun!"
"i watched a video on you tube showing how to use it but it was much more difficult and time consuming when I actually had to do it. I feel like i wasted my money. I had a friend show me how to make a pompom simply by wrapping it around my hand, gathering it, tying it in the middle and then cutting the loops. Not only was it easier then the clover but just as good too!!!.  wish I would have know about that lil trick before buying this piece of crap."
Easy to use - very pleased with product
Useful beginner set.  Great price here.
I needed more sizes of pom poms and this product is wonderful and easy to use.
Wonderful easy way to make beautiful pom poms.
"Simple to use ... makes very nice and large pompoms.  The pompoms do need to be trimmed up after creating them (like trimming a poodle), but this gadget makes it all so much easier than the old ""piece of cardboard"" that I used in my youth!

I also got the small pompom makers and made about 30 pompoms with chunky green, red and white yarn to use for wrapping Christmas presents this year.  It was fun to try different styles - stripes, random mix of colors, half-n-half - I'm sure you could make some pretty cool designs if you want!"
Super easy to use and fun to make perfect pom poms!
"These are nice, high quality crochet hooks. They feel nice in my hand and don't irritate my nickel allergy. They are nice and smooth and come in a good range of sizes."
Keeps my needles together in one place
Never knew pompoms could be this easy.  I have tried many methods of making pompoms and they were always loose and hard to shape.  These are PERFECT round pompoms.  Easy to use too.  Took it to my crochet club and they all went out and got one.
"Great item, can't wait for my niece to open it on Christmas, it is super convenient that it all stores in one case."
"I love these. A lot of my crochet problems (splitting yarn) was solved with these hooks! They cost more than a lot of hooks, but you get what you pay for in this case. I plan on buying the larger hooks from this company as I need them."
Love these needles. They work smoothly with little noise.
Many much needed notions for crafts.
Great bobbins for crocheting graphghans!
"Good quality, classic stuff."
good
Can never have enough of these.
As advertised been enjoying new projects
Easy to use & makes perfect poms! I needed these to make 50 pompoms for a cosplay & I made them all really quickly with this tool
"Primary use: Sewing my knit pieces together

Pros:
Case - I tend to lose things if it doesn't come in a case. These are easy to spot in my knitting bag and I don't end up losing the needles!
Space - There is more space to add more needles in this if you wish.

Cons:
Wish it came with another size for bulky yarn. The largest needle can work for worsted yarn but not anything larger."
"AWESOME set! I am a beginner and this has everything I need, except needles! Love this!"
It's a lot of fun to use these! I really like my pom poms! It was so easy!
MAKE THE JOB BETTER
Very easy to use and I love how neat my pom poms turn out. I don't even have to give them haircuts afterwards. they come out so full and fluffy I love it.
Very good quality!!! Love them
love it
Works well. Easy to make Pom Poms
Works well. Easy to make Pom Poms
This works great. Super easy to use and the Pom poms come out great.
"These are great needles made of smooth metal.  I do not like the aluminum needles, so I was happy to see these needles available at a reasonable price."
Fun and quick way to make craft project awesome! Easy to use!
Wonderful
"Came as pictured, very happy with all the things. The little bag they come in is very good for storing them, could be put in a purse or tote to hold them."
Love it makes perfect Pom poms
"Love the set of crochet hooks, the realm nice case they all came in and fast delivery."
Works great
"They work very well for their actual purpose, which is not protecting points. Instead, they are meant to make double-pointed needles usable as single-points. They go over one pointed end of the needle and stop the yarn from sliding off as you knit. They might work as protectors, but the holes are so small, even in the set that's supposed to be for larger sized needles, that I don't think they'd fit anything bigger than maybe a sharp 6."
"I love anything that makes my life easier. Poms aren't complicated, but these things make making them super simple and fin! They also turn out more even than when I make them on my own, so there's less trimming/fixing needed to make em round. I will be getting a lot of use out of these."
"Great little device! I've used it a handful of times now to make pom poms for hats that I crochet. The included picture is a hat with a pom pom using the larger circle. There is just a little bit of a learning curve, but after one or two uses, you can certainly make perfect pom poms. My only gripe is that I wish there were one more (larger) sized circle. Still, I would certainly recommend this product to finish all of your craft projects."
"the padded handles are pefectly sized & balanced - i'm back to crocheting with thread, even with arthritis - yay!!"
"Doesn't cut my yarn easily, takes some work to get it to cut."
Loved it
Works great for smaller size needles (up to probably 7-8).
"Very nice product, my favorite point protectors."
Makes WONDERFUL pom poms. SO easy!
Not as pictured... I got a clear green Chibi tube with the described contents.  But I like it much more than the blue one in picture!  :)
Works very well... Having lots of fun. Use a thick yarn and good cutters.
Love these
"I bought this exact one at a craft store and at first you will think this will never work but try it!!! It's amazing I love it so fun way better then using hands and you won't turn out with the gap that is left when you tie it!!!!!!!!:):):):) heres how it works,, you open little hands ( flaps )  on the maker and then grab your yarn rap it around and around and around and around...... until you have a bulky like yarn thing then close it do other side then, hold together and cut on top where the yarn is on both sides after that, take some yarn tie around the thing then take it out and cut into pompom shape!!!!!:);) easy I have made a flower pompom, strawberry and pompoms with it!!!!!:) Just search on youtube how to make strawberry pompom or pom pom lol thanks for reading !!!!!!:):):):):):;)"
"Lightweight, glide beautifully. A crocheters must have"
just what I expected
"I bought this set at least a year ago; I was looking for stitch markers and decided to spend the few extra dollars to get the whole package.  I am surprised to say that I have since used every item, including those I never would have bought on their own.  It's a great mix of just about anything you could need, and I love that I can throw a few extra things into the clear pouch as well (small crochet hooks, extra darning needles, etc.) and take it with me from project to project."
"Changing the stitching on a knitting loom can be hard to remember, this product helps greatly with that by marking your stitch changes, but i would suggest buying more then one pack and in a wider variety of colors, as the looms are also colored."
"This was just as fun and easy as I recall it being when I was a kid! I needed ""coal buttons"" for a costume and none of the pom poms I found were bigger than 3"", and that was going to look silly on a person's costume. These are a great size and will work perfectly!"
Fabulous pom poms - they come out perfectly fluffy and round!  Love this product!
Its everything that I thought it would be. I've watched several Youtube videos that have helped me along the way. Very happy with it and would recommend buying one .
Very nice set.
So cute! And you can attach to your crochet or knitting needle case. Very functional with good quality needles
"Great gadget!  Directions were hard to find. It said look on reverse side, but you actually have to open the cardboard. Took
two of us a while to figure it out"
"I'm not sure how I knitted so long without using these. Makes circular knitting on 4 needles much easier when your work is almost too big for them. And just generally good if you have to keep putting your work away so you don't lose all your stitches off the ends. Very easy to put on and off, but they stay on."
Absolutely love these hooks!! The thread just glides across the hook. I look forward to using them whenever working with the finer threads/yarn. Well worth the money!
"Purchased these for my 10 year old daughter as an accessory for her knitting bag. She loves them. Easy to use, directions were good enough  that she has no problem getting her first Pom Poms made without assistance.

Just wish there were more sizes. Like maybe jumbo."
"I use this all the time.  The little pouch is perfect even after the ""zipper"" doesn't zip anymore you can still press it together.  The only thing it didn't have that I use is a plastic needle to sew knitting togther and a small paair of scissors.  Well worth the money."
The Clover bobbin set arrived as ordered.  The bobbins are the perfect size for knitting projects to carry yarn along back of piece.  I ran out of these for a Christmas stocking and tried to get by with DMC floss bobbins which do NOT work well with yarn!
"Love these tips, now i didn't even have to change to circular needles, just kept using my double pointed ones- so much easier, stay on great!!!!"
Exactly what I was hoping for. The grip of these hooks are really comfy to work with especially after I had developed rsi from my job!
Love these crochet hooks.  Very comfortable on my old fingers and wrist.
"Takes a bit of time, but works perfectly! Highly recommended."
great gadget
My package did not come with a darning needle like it said it would. Very disappointed.
Perfect size!
"Works well, easy to use."
Works great!  My 9 year old granddaughter and I love making the pom poms!
Bought this as a gift for a very creative knitter.  She was very pleased with the set - had everything she needed in it and was packaged nicely.
"GREAT FUN,EASY"
"I bought both large and small pompom makers, for sisters weekend. I had so much fun,making them,,, very easy. Great snowmen makers."
"my pom pom never be so easy to made, this is a great purchase!!"
"my pom pom never be so easy to made, this is a great purchase!!"
"When I purchased these crochet hooks I was so excited to get a good set of ergonomically designed hooks that would hurt my hands less than other ones do. These purport in the title to be ""soft, but sadly, there is nothing soft about them! There are several kinds of crochet hooks on Amazon that really are soft and ergonomic. These are neither, to my hands. However, I began to think about how often I use the case they came in and am revising my review.

I really dislike giving a product a down rating, but having eventually found ergonomically designed hooks that really ARE soft elsewhere, I can honestly say that these were not soft to me. However, I used several of them and decided it would be wrong to return them as I did get some use from them. And, also honestly, I love the holder they came in and am considering buying another one of those! I did NOT contact the seller as I chose not to return them nor to ask for a refund, so this is not a case of them not doing their part. The only thing I am disagreeing with is the description of soft. They are hard enough that they sound like I am tapping wood on a table when I drop them. It does come with a set of 7 hooks from C to I US designations (from 2.75 mm to 5.5mm).

If your hands are not arthritic, this may very well be a great product for you. There is a great selection of hooks in this set and they appeared to be well made. They come in a really cool case that I have used to store other hooks in for some time now.

PROS:
Well made
Really cute storage case that is also well made
Although I think $36.99 a bit pricey for this set, I will say that the case goes for around $10 separately and so this set DID meet my 1/$1 rule of craft purchases (that is one use for every one dollar spent on it). In fact, I've used just the case to store my hooks and carry them around in the car, on trips, to family events when we would be sitting around chatting (as I can crochet and talk... but not chew gum and walk). Seriously - I love the case!

CONS:
Not really soft enough to be comfortable for my hands

The bag is really cute, though."
love it thanks
thanks
thanks
thanks
"Love the size of the tool, especially for travel.  Still a little challenged in keeping count of stitches removed from tool as work progresses."
I love the !!
Love them
"Love how easy it is to make pompoms with the Clover pompom maker, even for a child.  I now own all five sizes because I use a variety of sizes of yarn to make pompoms for wall hangings and garlands.  Pompoms are more uniform than the old fashioned cardboard way I've used for many years.  Highly recommend these."
"This set came in the wrong color. I ordered the red case, but it came blue. Either way it was nice looking and the rosewood needles are beautiful."
"These are my favorite darning needles. I use these literally every day in my hand knit work, and choose them before other needles to finish my projects. The tips are bent to a perfect curve for sewing seams and weaving in yarn ends."
as described.  excellent product - bandnew.  thankyou
I can't say enough about these crochet hooks. Would recommend them to the people who get cramps from using regular hooks.
"Wonderful set, perfect to take on the airplane with me or traveling elsewhere. The hooks are strong and light, works well with all types of yarn and are well used now"
Not as great as armour ones but good.
"So far these are terrific, I have only been crocheting for a year. Have many needles, These are best so far :)"
It is so much easier to make pom poms with this than the old fashion way. This takes about three to four minutes to makes and all you do is wrap the yarn around the handles and then cut.
"I love it, use it a lot"
"I've had this set of hooks for a couple of years now, as well as several other sets of nice hooks.  For some reason, these are the ones I keep picking up and consistently using.  And, I'm not alone, as I see many tutorials and videos in which these hooks are being used professionally.

The handles are somewhat flat, and are a moderately hard tactile plastic, making the shape good for pencil and knife grip users.  The throat/head/shanks are not a shiny slick metal, they're matte finished, but still smoothly glide against the yarn, but with the very finest, tiniest almost imperceptible grip.  The shape of the head is slightly tapered, but not quite as tapered as Boye hooks.

The case is decent, and rolls up, securing to itself with a little patch of velcro.  The flap above the hook pockets folds over the hooks to keep them in place, and to keep them from getting scratched.  I wish they would have made the flap a teensy bit longer on the left side, as my C hook keeps escaping almost every time I stow my hooks.  It would have been nice to have an extra pocket for some little scissors. Sometimes I stick my tiny crane scissors in with my C hook to help keep it wedged in place.  I keep a yarn needle in the case by piercing the fabric through with it behind the inside velcro.  I've been doing this the whole time I've owned it, and the fabric is very sturdy and forgiving (no hole in the fabric yet).

I highly recommend this set.  It's a good deal, too, considering the price of individual hooks.  My granddaughter lost my J hook the the replacement at HL was almost $8.

Also, as a word of caution, don't lay your set on top of your yarn/work-in-progress, as the velcro will stick to and pull your yarn making a fuzzy spot."
"Love me some clover hooks.  I still prefer the Amour hooks, but the soft touch hooks are a great spare set."
Enjoy it
Really like it
Easy to use and sturdy! Made over 30 pom poms for a party using these and highly recommend.
Not good...won't let the yarn go through the needles  .it trys to bend when using it .so this product doesn't even deserve 1 star.  It is just a waste of money...big piece of crap!
great price
"Lightweight, love the bamboo needles."
"super easy to crochet with, comfortable to hold, and convenient to store."
Nice small kit. It has everything I needed.
wife love them she has some arthritis
"GREAT VALUE, FAST SERVICE."
Excellent.
Can't wait to start my crafting
Easy to use and keep organized!
"The only problem is that the picture shows different color case, and that is counted as wrong item description. The one you will get when you order this item is transparent green plastic case with the 3 needles showing in the picture. otherwise the product is good and useful."
Love it! Pom-poms are super easy.
"Just received these and am somewhat disappointed in the size of the grips. I assumed the grips would be as large as the grips on the larger crochet hooks which makes it easier to hold. Other than that, they seem well made although I haven't used them yet."
"These are great to help finish up my project, weaving in the loose ends,
The containers great to have to keep the needles from getting lost."
Just what I needed to quickly finish off crochet projects.
"some reviewers tells that this loom is too short, but there is a reason.
Traditional Japanese hairpin loom design is the shape of ""U"",
and  boxed set of 5 different sized looms is still available in Japan.

therefore, most crocheters are familiar with the ""open"" shape, some use
their loom like """" with knitting needle caps on the end(s) of the loom,
some use their loom like ""U"", two prongs upward.
When you have enough loops on the loom, you just remove (thread the loops for tidiness)
and leave several loops on the loom, continue to make loops.

so most people use this loom with only one warp (usually the top is removed) in Japan.
You  attach the top part only when you remove the loops downwards in middle of the work.
most of you cannot read Japanese, but you look the picture, and try the movie on this
Clover product site, you can figure out how this is used.
http://www.clover.co.jp/seihin/syugei_6.html

also the reason this loom has three prongs instead of two, you can make even loops on both
sides or uneven loops such as small loops on one side, big loops on the other side."
Very nice set.
Gave as gift. No further feedback available.
These point protectors work great with my double pointed knitting needles. I would buy them again
my moms favorite hooks
Cute and functional.
This worked great to make pom poms for a scarf that I knitted. I am very pleased with the results. I wanted really big pom poms and this made them.
Cute and sturdy. The three needles that came with it are actual metal. Which is much better than the usual plastic ones you get that break. Case has a little hole in the lid so you can thread it and have it hanging in your pack.
Very easy to transport this way . Useful.
Just as advertised.
I love these. They make great little pom poms...quick and easy.
quick shipping! as described! Thanks so much!
"Very happy with this kit. The needles are great, the quality you'd expect from Clover Takumi. The case is cute and not cheap. It's also large enough where I'm able to store my less than size 8 needles in there as well, a little smooshed but they all fit."
Great addition to my craft supplies.
Fast & fabulous transaction! Wonderful item & great price!
Fast & fabulous service! Easy to use with very clear instructions!
Great pom pom makers
Great pom pom makers
I have bought smaller versions of these Clover Pom Pom makers. So I bought this extra large version with confidence that it would be equally as good .
"This makes it so easy to make a pom pom! Wrap, cut, tie. That's it. I've never done it with any other tool, and I won't go looking either."
Great for treading yarn through craft hooks without splitting.
Love these needles.  Use in making amigurumi.  Works great.
I was very leary about the claim of making pom poms. I am now a believer! Works great and now I can make pom poms like they are meant to be.
These are a dream come true. Perfect for my thread projects!
Much sturdier than the ones I've had in the past.
I just received one of these crochet hooks as a gift and absolutely love crocheting with these hooks--no cramping!
worked perfect
cuts yarn nicely & don't have to search for scissors or worry about scissors near kids
So easy to keep needles together.
This is a great tool for embellishments for your knitting and crochet projects.  It can also be used to make projects such as scarfs.  I also like the fact that it comes with its own cover to keep it from getting mixed up in your craft carry all.  It is also very versatile because you get the six looms in one.  I'm glad I bought it and would recommend it to anyone.
"Perfect item and transaction, thank you"
"These are my favorite hooks.  Hate to use any other when my pattern calls for a larger hook.  Why isn't there a ""K"" hook included in this set?"
"This little kit has everything I need so far.  The row counter slides onto one needle, adapts to any size.  Rubber tips fit on the points, preventing stitches from falling off needle, stitch holder is soft & pliable....the only thing I'd suggest is a retractible tape measure instead of the loose 60 inch tape.  Otherwise, these accessories make my work a whole lot easier, even fun!"
"Wonderful. Just make sure to wrap enough yarn around the maker to ensure the biggest, roundest, fluffiest pom poms you could possibly hope make. If you can't figure it out just find a tutorial on Youtube. It's very easy to use once you get the hang of it, and for me pom pom making has turned into a nice and mindless while-you-watch-TV activity."
great little kit to throw into your travel bag or give as a 'starter' for a new knitter. I have used every piece of this on my current baby sweater knitting project!
This design works wonders.  The final trimming is kept to a bare minimum.  Consistent length to any pompom I've made so far.  Quick and easy to work with.  I purchased the large pom pom maker separately.  So impressed I bought this for my granddaughter.  Very pleased with this purchase.
This works extremely well for threading a yarn needle to finish a project!  Sturdy and just right for the job!
Works great!
"I love these pom pom makers, and have them in all sizes. They make great pom poms and are easy and fun to make."
Very good
"Where has this been all my crafty life?  WIth a 2 year old under foot, I didn't want to sit on the couch with scissors while I was crocheting or knitting.  This is nice in that it goes around my neck, so I won't lose them, and the blades are protected, so if my kids manage to get it, it would be near impossible for them to cut themselves with it."
"These hooks are so great. I am 94 years young, have crocheted for years, and tried these hooks and was sold on them immediately."
Thank you
Thank you
Thank you
what can I say I love them they are my fav go to hook
These hooks are awesome and Amazon provides them at a great price
Another tool I wish I had 20 years ago. I used to put off weaving in the yarn ends of crochet projects but not now. With this tool I can use a metal needle with a smaller eye than my chunky plastic needle to weave in the ends until they virtually disappear. I got one for a friend who knits. At first she didn't want me to go to the bother. But when she received it she raved about how easy it made the task.
"I crochet.  A lot.  So when my Mom got this for me a few years back, after watching me scramble to find my yarn needle over and over when we would spend time crocheting together, you could say it was the perfect gift.  I have used this literally every day since I received it...and I have lost exactly zero yarn needles since I started using it.  This is the perfect case to hold as many yarn needles as you're likely to need, no matter what type of project you're working on.  It is perfect to throw in your project bag, along with your yarn, hook, and scissors and be ready to pick up that hook and crochet the day away at a moment's notice.  I don't ever want to be without one of these again.  If you enjoy working with yarn, I highly suggest you buy one.  You won't be sorry you did, I am sure."
The bamboo makes for smooth knitting and the shorter lengths are perfect for the crafts that I do.
A++++
Love them.....now I need the smaller thread size set.
Excellent product. Works great.
It does the job
"Love these hooks! Don't use any others since I purchased these!! Love the thick handle, which makes gripping so much easier, but I especially love the texture of the hook itself. The yarn moves smoothly, but with the perfect amount of friction that I don't have it slipping off like on other hooks I've used in the past. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!"
Best thing since sliced bread! Look up a video on YouTube to learn how to use this and you'll be set!
"I got these as a gift, and like them very much. These are flatter in your hand than some of the other ergonomic handles; I wasn't sure how that would work out, but discovered I actually like them better! Having the soft-fold case is nice, too--it tucks into my bag and keeps the set together. All in all, a quality set."
Divinos
I love to crochet and these are by far my favorite crochet hook that I have tried.
Perfect for what I needed - a great buy
Love these needles better than any others I've bought! The carrying case is an added bonus!
"I have never loomed before, but absolutely love this little loom that has so many different looms in one for making flowers.  I haven't perfected it yet, but it is so much fun to do.  Love it!"
"I already had a few of these hooks, and love having this set so much."
I love this product.  It holds many needles of all sizes.
Bought this for my aunt and she loved. Good quality.
"Great set, I just wish they had a ""K"" crochet hook also. (it only goes to ""J"")"
Work like they are suppose to.
"I have arthritus, so the wider needle worked perfect for me.  So easy to crochet with these needles."
"These are my favorite point protectors to use. Not much to say about them, they do a great job at what they are designed for and they're colorful so they are easy to find and distinguish which needle for which hand. Highly recommended!"
Great gift for an 11 year old. She loves it!
"I just finished making a 2 1/2"" pom pom with this pom pom maker & it came out perfect!  Over the years I've used a few pom pom makers (even ones I made myself) and this is, by far, THE BEST!  My pom pom came out exactly the way I always wanted them to look, full & thick!  The best thing about it is, it's very easy to use and after your pom pom is done all you need to do is give it a trim.  If you're on the market for a pom pom maker don't hesitate.  I promise you will not be disappointed.  I also recommend you watch this how to video by Clover.  It will get you started in no time:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rGd0PUWY6m0&list=PLIXFhaKZ0tasqPl2Z-Yk2RxiInt_0SDfC&index=5"
Great item for knitting.
"I just received mine & changed hooks to one of these right away.  Very comfortable,light,easy to hold & hook is high quality.  The hook easily grabs the yarn & glides thru it.  All my other hooks of various brands are not as well engineered & I''m talking about the hook part. It is slim w/ a good indentation & very smooth.  You have to try it to really appreciate how much Clover stands out from other brands."
Easy to use and makes two small sizes of pom poms.
Awesome! Fast service!
LOVE it!!!
This makes the most beautiful and the easiest Pom Poms ever. So easy to use after I watched the video - directions on package a little more confusing. Highly recommend!
"Intriguing little gadget - haven't tried it yet but it is calling me loudly.  Purchased for a specific pattern, this was the recommended product and with the versatility of those flowers it creates, I can see why.  Eager to give it a try!"
"great product, works great."
awesome device.
Handles ARE SOOOO Comfortable
"I bought this because I  keep this threader in my small sewing box in the family room.  It's attractive appearance looks nice in my sewing nox on the side table.  I had to figure out how to use it so don't throught out the directions.  It is attractive as well as functional for thoses evenings when I need to sew on a button, fix a hem, or do other hand  work.  I would recomend this product. I plan on buying onother as a gift  for a sewing friend"
Love these stoppers!  They are great when knitting the heel of a sock to keep the stitches being held from slipping off the needle while working the the heel.  Nice tight fit on #1 or #2 needles.  Haven't tried them on any larger needles.
I saw a Pom Pom wreath on Pinterest that I wanted to make. I tried making the Pom poms the old fashion way but it was clearly going to take forever since I needed to make about 50 Pom poms. I saw this and decided to order it. It makes great Pom poms and it also makes them a lot faster. They also turn out looking better. So glad I found this.
items as described.  excellent product.  excellent packaging + service.
"Love these!  They glide through the yarn.  The only negative part is that I wish they were an inch longer, but I have adjusted to the short length."
I could not figure it this thing out to save my life. I was disappointed.
Everything was as I had hoped
Product was as described and arrived on time.
Love it!
not what i thought it was.
Great product!
"While they are just fine as markers if you like hard plastic markers.  My preference is for rubbery flexible ones that are easier to handle and tend to not fall off the needles so easily that you have to go looking for them all the time.  They are fine otherwise, just not my preference."
"LOVE THESE HOOKS, THEY ARE MY GO TO HOOKS OVER ANY OTHER HOOKS I HAVE, THEY SIT NICE IN MY LITTLE FINGERS, A NICE ROLL UP POUCH...A GREAT DEAL"
Love them
"Easiest way to make pom poms EVER!! I have been making lots of fun critters and creations, and do them in 1/10th the time of what it took me to make them with my homemade cardboard templates!! I now have a Pom Pom OBSESSION I can barely control!!! If you'd like to check out my craft blog, and the great pom pom critters and dolls I am making with this great product, you can check it out here: [...]"
As expected but price was far better than store.
I love these hooks! I hold my hook pinching with my thumb and my index finger so this is the perfect shape for it. The clover armour hooks were too think which made it harder to hold. And the metal part of it glides very well with the yarn.
Lovely set and I'm looking forward to using it.  I like the larger handles as health issues have made holding my older crochet hooks more difficult.  Thanks.
Excellent place for storing darning needles you can't have to many.
excellent
Awesome little gadget to own & very practical too
"This is the best product I have bought so far as crochet hooks are concerned. These are super light to use, very comfortable to hold and glide so beautifully through your wool, and my crochet tension has never looked better. Fantastic hooks - highly recommend these hooks"
"I like these they are my favorite to use, for all my knitting projects."
Works well for finer threads.
Was delivered fast and works as stated
It's easier than looping it around my fingers.  A deal for two size of pompoms.  You have to roll a lot of yarn to make a generously round pom pom.
"I have problems with wrist and elbow pain while crocheting with regular hooks.  I used to use Clover soft touch hooks to get ergonomic relief.  I tried the Tulip Etimo brand after reading that crochet artist Doris Chan recommended them.  While the Clover ones where good, these hooks are even better at keeping the pain away.

This is now my go to hook set for working with threads and thin yarns.  I love to make lace edges to put onto purchased items and I can do it relatively pain-free when I use these.

I also have purchased the gray and gold tone hooks and the larger set of pink crochet hooks for use with yarn. While the set is expensive, it is a real investment for the dedicated crocheter.  I recommend it highly."
These are very easy to use and make cute pom poms.
"This is a VERY fine needle threader which is just perfect for those infinitesimally small needle eyes, such as with beading needles or very fine quilting needles. It is not intended as a general needle threader.
It works very, very well."
Makes a very large pom pom. Easy to use.
Exactly as expected. I have others of this brand in different size.  This is a very easy to use pom pom maker.
This is a great tool for threading a needle.  I love it.
I like the little handle.  It makes keeping up with the needle threader easier.
"I would recommend this set of crochet hooks to anyone who spends a lot ot time on various projects at once. These hooks are shorter than the all purpose metal hooks, allowing for very even stitches & less wrist action. The hooks are smooth & glide through yarn with ease. It's nice that they come in the handy case to keep them like new & easy to travel with. These hooks would be a great gift to anyone who is just starting out in crochet as the set includes all of the popular sizes for many projects."
I enjoy using them.  My arthritic fingers could use them.
Excelent
pleased with this item.
"Great product...Clover has done it again...Use it a lot because I crochet a lot if baby booties...love  love love Clover products and love, love, love Amazon...they too are the BESTEST."
"It was easy, fast and I think it uses less yarn and makes fuller pom poms."
MAKE POMPOM SO MUCH BETTER LOVE IT!
will send back
Great tool for making consistent pom poms. Loojs confusing at first but it's easy (for an adult) after a few uses.
Works as expected. Bent point aids in stitch work.
Works great! No more trimming my pompom down to a nub trying to get it perfectly round! haha
Very nice set. Easy to grip and easy on the hands. I love the case and the scissors are very sharp. Great for crocheting doilies or lace work. Love them.
"This little tool is amazing, simple and fun. Go find a video on YouTube that shows someone using it, you'll get the hang of it right away."
Does the job! good pom pom maker and easy to use.
These are much easier to keep track of. Nice to have them always nearby.
Perfect for a tiny backup crochet kit.
"Work perfectly for what I need them for. Holds just the right amount of yarn, but aren't so big that they get in the way."
top quality as expected. My fourth set.
Just some nice needles in a handy container.
Good product.
Justd the right tool for arthritic hands.
Handy little accessory pack. I love this as do all my friends that I have given this to as a gift.
"This little capsule holds those little needles and keeps them handy.  On blease be aware that the pictured ones do not come with, some how I missed that part. Sorry friends they did come, I missed them."
Excellent n expensive
Very good
"These were fun to use, but takes practice"
A must for your knitting needles.
Love all of the goodies for knitting
Good
Loved them
These are super for keeping your work from sliding off needles and cable holders.
"This is a must-have for needleworkers. The ones that Walmart offer are flimsy and though they're cheap not worth the money. This one is substantial and will last a long, long time."
Highly recommended this set. Absolutely my favorite! I can crochet for a few hours without any pain in my fingers and wrists! Thank you!!
"Has two cutting slots, one cuts yarn fairly well but the other kinda chews it in half."
You cannot lose your needles with this!
"I just received my Clover crochet hooks and I can't put them down. It seems that every piece I crochet has more definition The hooks glide through the yarn effortlessly. .and the stitches have more definition. The fact that the hooks are shorter Boyle or Susan Bates, is a plus for me as I hold my hook like a pencil..I highly recommend these needles ."
So easy to use and worth every penny.
"Product was exactly as described!  I love this thing - I used to keep scissors in my project bag for the sole purpose of cutting yarn.  I found that the scissors would poke through the lining of my bag, and I didn't like the idea of reaching in and possibly hurting myself.  This yarn cutter eliminates that problem as the blade is protected.  It also takes up way less room than traditional scissors.  The lanyard is nice to have just because I sometimes knit things with lots of color changes and need to keep this nearby."
"You get great products at a fraction of retail price. Everything has come in handy with knitting and crocheting.
I bragged to friends lol"
"The set is great, and are ergonomic to fit your hand perfectly.  They are not tacky or sticky like some I have used.  Comes in a nice case with a nice pair of scissors, ruler, and weaving needles.  Would recommend this set."
Best darning needle holder!  No more dumping out all me needles to find the darning needle!
"Overall, this is a really good item to add to your knitting collection. I'm using it to make leg warmers that otherwise wouldn't have much stretch to them. It's surprisingly strong considering how thin it is, and it seems to disappear into your yarn pretty well. I think the only reason it would break is if you stretch it too tight while you're knitting it. It works really well for it's purpose, and it's definitely worth the $7."
These are awesome! Started using these for my amigurumi projects!
I bought this for my mom. It looks cute. It was kind of confusing to do.  The instructions are not user friendly. I even tried using the spanish instructions and that was a bit better but not sure if my mom has kept using it or if she gave up on it.
Great starter kit with good quality elements.
"Used on both smaller and larger needles and they stayed on well, keeping stitches in place.  It is convenient the way they plug into each other to keep them in pairs when storing."
I love these.  They are all the sizes that I need (so far) and they are comfortable to use.
Love it!  So easy to use.
"I love this case, and the hooks are my new favorites. I actually prefer them to my Furls hooks"
Perfect for making our up-cycled flowers!  Everyone has had a great time using it!  And what a great price compared to the craft stores!
Love these hooks!
All of the essential knitting accessories for an incredible price! This kit comes in a convenient clear pouch and is becoming my best friend. I saw the same exact item at my local craft store for twice as much. So happy I purchased it here!
Simple directions; easy to use --- better than others I've used in past!
This is super easy to  use and since you can put it on you key ring you can take it anywhere. Also it is much easier to find if dropped than the small metal ones.
Thanks :o)
"I received these as a Christmas present after reading other reviews and putting them on my Wishlist. I am an avid crocheter. There's hardly a day that goes by that I do not crochet for at least an hour. I always have at least 2 projects going...one large like an afghan and one more portable like a shawl or hat. I recently had my Clover Takumi G hook in with another project so I was using one of my standard, metal hooks. I had 2 standard G hooks available and I tried both and with both my yarn kept splitting and I had to keep taking out a stitch and redoing it. I switched over to my new Clover G hook and the yarn never split. I also love the feel of the hook in my hand as I'm crocheting. I crochet with ease even with my arthritis. I do not have to hold on tightly to the hook. Just perfect! So perfect that I am now on Amazon sending a set to a cousin of mine who I was just showing a crochet project to."
Great way to keep your needles in one place..
My friend really likes this gift.
Perfect!
I really like the smoothness of how I can move my yarn across the needles. They are in a handy pouch so they will stay dry in humid weather and they are very convenient. I really like them.
Great!
Great!
As expected.
ABSOLUTELY WONDERFUL
ABSOLUTELY WONDERFUL
This is a great product for the price.  It makes a nice gift too.
"these are perfect and fit nicely.  Some of the point protectors stick out and can get pulled off easily, these don't will be getting more :)"
Use these all the time.
"I bought these to help keep my sock stitches where they belonged when working the heel on DPNs.  They are super, and I didn't drop a single stitch, thanks to them!"
"High quality knitting needles. I love how long the needles are, and the carrying case makes it easy. They have nicely shaped tips on them too. Highly recommend!"
works perfectly & the case is awesome
Excellent !  A joy to use.
Love the sizes and durability of these stitch markers
Always my favorite brand but this little case helps me keep up with my needles!
Wow! Wish I had got these years ago! My daughter bought them for mr for Christmas and I love them. I crochet daily and these make it go smooth as butter. I guard them careful and hope to have a full set.
"I love the case, the needles are metal and exactly the sizes I wanted."
"Nice set, couldn't decide between it and Boye's so I purchased both. All in all I think I like the Boye's set best, but it depends on what tools you are looking for."
love how easy it works just great every time !!
"Wonderful set, even room to add a few other items."
very good !
So great!  Works much better that the ones I have had and used in the past.  I need to get something to connect it with my Chibi
I am very disappointed with this product.  These do not stay on.  Other point protectors by Clover have been great but these are very frustrating and have caused me extra work and headaches.
Works awesome
"I love this brand of needles as a new knitter. Beautiful, comfortable and smooth, yet grips the yarn comfortably. They feel great in the hands."
This is really nice its so simple with to make a pom pom . I could never make a pom pom with card board.
"Came right on time, was exactly as described and exactly what I needed.  Thank You A+ Seller."
i received my needles quickly and they were just what i expected
"It makes nice, dense pompoms."
I was looking to replace my plastic needles. I have a pair of double Clovers that are really light so I decided to buy these. I was impressed on how light and easy these needles are to use. The smooth bamboo feels very nice and I love the fact they don't make a loud noise when using them. The storage pouch is colorful and does the trick! I would highly recommend this brand of needles to anyone.
After years of using pom pom makers I made from cardboard myself i decided to get this and I love it!!  Super easy to use and makes beautiful pom poms.
Order arrived in a timely manner and was as advertised
I love this thing! Have it attached to my scissors so I have everything handy :)
Two needles?? Is that what I spent my dollars for??  Walmart has a better deal.
I have never done color changes in knitting before.  These were very helpful in keeping the different color yarns from getting tangled.
Great deal ! Sturdy needles in a nice case ! Can even put it in a chain around your neck for convenience . Came quickly which made me very happy ! Thank You so much !
adorable and useful
I used these to learn to use straight knitting needles to avoid dropped stitches.  Worked great.
very helpful.  Make double point needles safe to not drop stitches.  Also great for not loosing stitches when you set down a project :)
Not immediately obvious how this thing works.
decent product
Really liked this product.
Love this for holding all of my darning needles. It's super cute and very useful.
Use for applique very happy with product :)
Fast shipping and great product!
Fast shipping and great product!
Works good
"I love these hooks! The yarn glides so smoothly across these hooks, giving the yarn an almost elastic feel. I am slowly replacing all my old hooks with this brand."
"These are great. I've never used stitch markers before, and these far exceeded my expectations. They fit perfectly on the needle; the big ones and the small ones. I was worried that once I opened the package I would lose them, but they came in a neat little pouch that I can store them in!"
"very handy to have, and it fits the extra needles i already had."
Same as my review of the Small set. Buy them! Go to YouTube to learn quickly. Love them!
"This is a beautiful set of gadgets. Couldn't be easier and, though the instructions are a bit insufficient - what written instructions really work for a tool that needs to be turned and twisted and you don't yet understand the names for the parts? - there is a great YouTube vid available. I'm trying to resist the urge to put pom-poms on everything and the cat is overwhelmed."
"How easy can it be to make a pom pom.  All of these years I have been fighting to get a nice one made and here is this remarkable gadget that makes them so well....I thank the person who came up with this idea.  Bought the large and larger maker, also.  Have to have them all!!!"
"Saw a picture online of an infinity scarf with a video tutorial at b hooked made with hairpin lace and decided to go for it. No crochet experience so I had to invest in a few tools to get started. To make hairpin lace you need a loom and I like Clover needlework tools so I chose this one.

Why I like it: Strong, sturdy, very well made. Very easy to take the end pieces off, you just squeeze the center. Lots of holes to change the width for different size projects.

Caveat: the side poles are too short. Solution- I bought a Susan Bates loom and replaced the end pieces with the Clover ones. Now I have just what I need.
And yes, I made the scarf (if I can do it, you can do it) took only a couple of days and turned out great! Next project, wristers. My hands get too cold in the winter to practice guitar so the fingerless gloves called wristers should help.

I really enjoy working with the loom and my friends and family will probably all be gifted with scarves next Christmas. I'm investing in some nice Alpaca yarn to make another one for myself."
I am having trouble figuring out how to use it.  I need better directions.
awesome hooks very comfortable for my hands
Excelente
Excelente
A fork does the same thing
I purchased these as I need to use a needle to get yarn off my different knitting looms. They work perfectly for that and the different sizes are nice to have.
Easy to use and makes cute flowers. Easy enough even for kids.
"These are great if you hold your hooks like a knife, don't know about holding it like a pen. They are comfortable and fit the hand for long work projects. While they are ""flat"" it's easy to turn them to manipulate the hook. What I like is that you always know where the hook is pointed and control is always there The metal shaft isn't as long as a standard hook, so if you do projects where the warn is thick and you need to go deep, these may not be what you're looking for. BUT, I would still recommend having a set. I also have these in the smaller steel hooks and love them. The metal is smooth with no burrs or edges, so you can just go to work with them."
Love this needle threader.  Arrived very quickly.
Bought this as a gift and the recipient loved it!
Such a quick and easy way to do pom poms!  Highly recommend.
so easy!
"Does what I need it to do, but nothing special."
"Watched a YouTube video, and worked perfectly.  I suggest you tie with thread instead of yarn.  It will adhere better!"
works great
works great
works great
Various sizes for different size needles. Just what I needed
These work very well and make a nicely shaped pom pom.
I love clover on pom pom maker.
Was exactly what I expected.
Works well & seems like it will hold up great.
Item as described.  We have made over 100 pom poms in so far and have had no trouble with it.  Clever tool is easier than wrapping yarn around fingers.
excellent
These are great. Much better than fooling about with cardboard!
good product. I enjoy it.
Alwats had trouble making pom poms  with this its so easy
"This is fun and kid-friendly.  While I knit, my 8-year-old daughter makes pompoms without frustration.  It's a fun gadget to add to your craft bin."
A+
Using this is the first time it's easy to make pom poms. I'm very happy with this.
perfect!!!
"Love love love,a must for any crafter, easy to use & fun :)"
"Love love love these,a must for any crafter,easy to use & fun :)"
excellent
"They are too short for me.  They hurt the palms of my hands, instead of going past my palms like the standard Boye hooks do, these stop midways and are not comfortable for me.  I am going to try the other Clover hooks (i have saw reviews where they are longer than these)  I'm guessing you have to hold your hook a certain way to use these.  I won't change the way I hold my hook to keep these, instead I will find some that work best for my hold."
A great gadget for someone who knits many hats.  Highly recommend you take a look at UTube how -tos.  Gives you a great pom-pom.
Craft Product thank you for good service
Extremely easy to use. It makes Pom pom making fun!
I like them. They work very well.
Love it! so easy.
If you want to make a perfect pom pom easily use this. Love it!
was gift
I needed a Darning Needles holder and this was the opportunity to get me one. I complained to my husband that I needed one. I Crochet a lot and could use it when I am traveling. I am glad that I got it.
Love the needles and this holder for them. I use this for my crochet stuff. so worth the money.
"Simple and easy to use. The only problem is that after repeated use, it seems to loosen a bit and slide around on smaller needles. But it's inexpensive and the easiest solution I've found for tracking rows."
"Love them, love the little case they come in probably as much as the needles themselves!  I expected them to be a tiny bit longer; as my hands get older and stiffer, the short ones are a little hard to manage, but they are a lovely weight, and the three sizes I one case is a nice touch."
Not exactly what I expected
Same as the small one it works perfectly. A grear time saver.
Love it. Directions need to be in English though. I had to go to YouTube to watch a video on how to use it!
Love these. They are easy to use and really help make color changes easier. Just wish I'd bought more of them.
You never have too many needle threaders
Looking forward to using them!
Awesome!
"Never used these stretchy stitch holders before and I'm sorry I hadn't bought them before.  They're much nicer than the big paper-clip style metal ones.  I've used the row counter, the needle and the stitch markers many times.  This was a cost-effective way to purchase these tools - would recommend for beginner and intermediate knitters, even if you already own a few of the items."
"I was introduced to Clover bamboo knitting needles a year or two ago and loved them so much that I made up my mind to complete my set.  This gift set is a very good buy for the price - individually, these needle sets are $6-7.  I am so impressed with the attractiveness and quality of the cases that I am ordering empty ones in which to store the other Clover sizes that I own."
"I was introduced to Clover bamboo knitting needles a year or two ago and loved them so much that I made up my mind to complete my set.  This set has a wonderful selection of needles (7-8-9-10-11-13-15) and is a very good buy!  Individually, these needles are around $10 each at other places.  It does not contain the 10.5, as written in the description, but I also ordered the Getaway set of single-point needles and it DOES have the 10.5.  I am so impressed with the attractiveness and quality of the cases that I am ordering empty ones in which to store the other Clover sizes that I own."
"Very fast shipping. As everybody know, Clover Soft Touch crochet hooks are the best! Love them."
Great!!!!!  It is easy.
"I don't like buying little gadgets that take up space, but after using cardboard and now using these--the difference is noticeable and they are worth it."
These are the greatest.  I highly recommend them.
These are just wonderful.
Exactly as described.
The slight curve to the tip makes is so easy when sewing/weaving knitted items.  Highly recommend
I love and use every piece that is included in the package. It is so many useful tools in a small and convenient package!
"This is a basic kit that has just about all you need to get started knitting except the needles and yarn. The only thing I would add is a pair of small scissors. It comes in a pouch and is very handy to keep in your knitting bag to carry around with you. I'm in a knitting/crochet group and someone is always asking for a tape measure, needle, or scissors.

This would make a nice gift for someone learning to knit, or just so you can have all your basic accessories together (and you will need everything in this kit).

P.S. Another kit I would recommend is The Knit Kit."
Great variety of tools and items
These are my new favorite brand of hooks.  I wish I could get them in the larger sizes.  That's my only slightly negative comment.
These pom pom makers are very easy to use. Watch a tutorial video on YouTube because the instructions on the package aren't very detailed. I prefer Clover brand products better than other pom pom makers on the market because the contours and shape make cutting very easy.
"Yes, you do need them."
"I love them! And because they have its own container, you won't loose them."
Very handy!
Works
"I got this for my 11 year old who loves loom knitting (she just learned knitting with needles now too).  She's made a couple of really cute flowers with this, but it is a little difficult for her to use.  There are no little nubs (is that the word??) at the top of each peg, so the yarn wants to slip off, and quite often. That gets here a little frustrated. I'm hoping she'll get a better hang of it in time.  In the meantime I might get her a flower loom I saw at Walmart that does have the nubs on the ends of the pegs...the downside to that is you can only make one size flower."
Love this invention. Makes pom pom making easy and professional looking.
Best invention yet. Wish I would have had these when I was a teenager making pom poms for my roller and ice skates.
"I love making flowers with these looms,great fun thank you"
Love them
My daughter loves them she's making lots of scarfs
Fast and exactly as announced
I like it
I have 4sizes. I enjoy each of them. They are the beat
"Clover bamboo needles and all of their accessories are of excellent quality. They're all I use. This has some really useful tools for beginners. I got this for myself when I first started knitting and recently got one for my sister-in-law as a gift. It also comes with a nice plastic pouch. Very durable and I use it to carry any accessories I need for a project in my project bag. Great price on Amazon, especially if you get free shipping."
Love this brand and I find that I like bamboo better than aluminum for knitting since the yarn stays put
Best hooks I've ever bought. Makes crocheting even more comfortable.
"Wife loved them, makes making the pom pom balls way easier and simple. she would recommend looking at videos on youtube for different techniques as they will yield different expected results."
This tool comes in so handy! I ordered this one to replace the other one I had for years!
Love them. Great deal
Love these hooks!
Just tried these out and it made perfect pom poms! So much easier than the standard way. I love that it makes the pom poms uniform and very little trimming after you release them from the maker. Clover always has the coolest tools!
Very good stitch marker rings.
Top quality and fast shipping.
great
great
Love Them
Great hooks! Love them!
Nice to have these for my knitting adventures.
I love this post pom pom maker! It's very easy to use and much easier than the old style. I end up with perfect pom poms every time. I ended up buying a set for every size they are available in.
"im a spaz and i still was able to figure this out,though i did need some help from my husband, i couldn't figure out the tie part from the picture,should really have more extensive instructions for people who are not crafty:D"
Great so happy with the way the crochet hooks look and the case is good!
This was a Xmas gift for a friend and she loved it.
"This is a good set. They're much better than using cardboard and doing it old school. The puffs from this come out fluffy, round and perfect. Worth the buy."
Makes making yarn pom-pom's fast and easy. I think I made three or four dozen for a pom-pom garland only a few days after receving this. I will be ordering other sizes!
These are very comfortable to use. I tried them before I gave them to my daughter as a Christmas present.
"I am 68 years old and taught myself crochet at about age 7 and have been doing all sorts of yarn craft since then.  In that 60 years I am sure I probably made at least 100 pompoms. I tried all of the ways to make them but they always were the sorriest pompoms you ever saw.  This came up as a deal on my facebook page and I thought ""why not?"" and bought this one and the small size set.  I received them THE NEXT DAY!  Great service Amazon.  I took them to my craft room and tried the small one so I wouldn't waste yarn if they didn't work.  OMG!!!! It was magical.  In about 2 minutes I had the best looking pompom you ever saw.  I was jumping around like a little kid and showing everyone.  I had to call my friends who do yarn work and show them.  Now I have to find a lot of patterns to use all of these pompoms I have made."
so easy to use
great to have a storage container to help keep up with needles.
Really good product
"It was EMPTY! Not one needle I looked through the box and all the packing. I have a empty holder for needls. Maybe the needles. Maybe they are not included, but the invoice said there should be some."
Great product. The pom poms come out about the size of a ping pong ball for the small and a little smaller than a tennis ball for the larger one.
"Super easy to use and makes beautiful, full pom poms. They don't come out perfectly round and do require a bit of a ""haircut"" to round them out. Still the easiest pom pom maker I have used, great price. I do with they sold an extra small set."
"Works well, easy to use - didn't have a problem with the instructions. But if you want to make the Poms Poms into something, then you'll need to so some library or internet research."
My daughter bought this for her crafts. She loves it! :)
"Little cuties, work well."
just what i needed
Works nicely
Love it! We are now making fabulous pom-pom creatures by the dozen. My house is overrun but my kids are happily occupied...away from a screen. WIN!
I LOVE these crochet hooks and highly recommend them to anyone who is a crocheter.  I cannot believe how much it has improved my speed in crocheting not to mention the fact that my fingers & hands don't hurt quite so bad after a few hours of use.  And the case they are stored in is wonderful!
The best set of crochet hooks!
"I'm an idiot and had to watch a video on how to use these things, but once I saw it demonstrated, it wasn't hard at all. YouTube has several tutorials on it. The directions on the back were useless.
Make sure you wind it tightly and wind a LOT of times around, or else you'll have a floppy pompom."
"These are great little gadgets! I made Pom Poms for our Christmas tree so the baby couldn't break the ornaments- very easy to use, and just amazing how it works! Great quality- the plastic is smooth and durable and sturdy- comfortable to use, too - and I made a LOT of Pom poms this year! Fun project and they turn out looking very professional!!"
"Great product, fast shipping"
very nice for getting organized this year.  now i know where my needles are
"I bought this needle case to keep inside a portable embroidery case with bobbins of embroidery thread. For my purposes it works perfectly--I always lose needles if I don't have a specific place to put them while sewing, and I don't like having exposed needles/pins in pincushions.

This case holds a wide variety of needles, from my smaller sewing needles all the way up to the monster yarn needle it comes with, and the lid screws on securely, keeping everything safely inside. It's small enough to easily fit in a pocket or sewing case, and the little tab on the side allows you to attach a keychain ring or a lanyard if you want to hang it from something. Altogether a well-made, attractive, and very secure little needle case."
"Great little, easy-to-use device. Made countless pompoms to use as embellishments on my Christmas gifts. Darling look!"
My sister loved them..
great
Good product
"My opinion is that all needles are created alike. In fact, I've never preferred one needle over another on any other basis than size. So with all that said, my review of these needles is so positive for two reasons:

1. The needles are just fine, working for all kinds of darning and weaving-in-of-ends (a knitting thing)

2. The case is cool, keeping the needles in one place and not allowing them to scatter. Much better than se plastic bags that many needles come in!"
Work well and the holder has all my various Chibis in one spot now.
difficult to tie center thread if you make bulky pom pom I orignally thought it had a cutter on it I was mistaken so it just didnlt meet my expectation.  It is well crafted heavy duty should last long time.
I love the way the hooks grip the yarn and are also able to glide through the stitches. Makes working with smaller hook sizes much easier since the hand grip is still relatively the same. I was using some plastic hooks before and always breaking the smaller ones. Problem solved!
Like
The smallest size is perfect. Wish I could buy just that in quantity. They tend to stray.
I've seen and used better. yarn has to be pushed through opening.
Purchased as a gift for my wife. It is what she expected. Nice fabric holder.
the greatest thing and the projects i have made!
"These stitch holders are inexpensive and light and really work. I bought this set to expand the equipment I have on hand. The Medium size Clover Double-Ended Stitch Holders are 5-1/4"" (13.3cm) long and designed for needles of US5 to US11 (3.75 - 8.0mm). I have a set of Small and they are easy to use, but have a smaller needle (fits US2 to US7, or 2.75-4.5mm). While the smalls will work for larger, bulkier yarn, I thought it would be a good idea to have the larger diameter holders on hand.  I have used the center double-ended needle on occasion as a quickie knitting needle, too, when I need to pick up a dropped stitch or don't have another dpn handy."
I somehow misplaced or lost my darning needles. One can never have too many!
So glad I found this contraption! I love it. I made a bunch of Pom pom to double as snow for a winter snow ball fight. Great sizes for the kids to throw! Super easy to use!
They're needles. Not a lot to get excited about
Bought these for my wife and she loves them
"Love it!  This makes pretty a very nice, very large pom pom.  Wonderful for hats."
"Great hooks!  They feel great in the hand, and it didn't take any time of adjustment."
Love the grips...smooth hooks and nice carrying pouch. Only complaint is the velcro closure on pouch is not well sewn and has already torn off
"Greatest pompom maker, easy to use."
"Greatest pompom maker, easy to use."
Meh. These are okay.
These are great!
"The only problem with this is that the sizes listed on the Amazon page, are not the sizes you get.  The product page says you get sizes 8, 9, 10, 10.5, 11, 13 and 15.  The label on the product shows that you get 7, 8, 9, 10 (no 10.5), 11, 13 and 15."
Love all Clover Pom Pom makers!
Lovvvvve them. The feel is smooth and ergonomically. Prices them in the store separately and they were more. Thank you. I enjoy crocheting and find myself continuing because my fingers don't cramp.
"AWESOME!!!! Fantastic product, good quality needles, I've used many times already and is perfect. Very good for the price. The little case they come in is ingenious! LOVE IT!! Perfect to just pop into my crochet bag."
Nice needles. Case was smaller than I expected but was still nice to have. I actually prefer it to be this size now. I can put most of my darning needles in this and not have to worry about putting them into a 'case'. This is handier.
Perfect sizes for my projects and the case they come in is extremely helpful for keeping track of them and traveling with my projects!
A great go to set for the avid crocheter!
"Love them, they are so easy to use!"
"Love them, they are so easy to use!"
Perfect
"I do a lot of needle work projects, and I love this gadget. It has a screw top cap, to securely hold needles inside and a little loop that you can add a jump ring to and attach to a chain to prevent losing them. No more lost needles and it comes with (3) needles of varied size, all handy and will hold up to about 20-25 total, if needed. (Although, I can't think why you anyone would need that many) but there is a lot of room for extra needles inside. Great product and sturdy plastic, not flimsy."
Not near as awesome as the Clover darning needles that curve up but still work really well.
Works like a dream!!!!  I'm afraid I'm going to go Pom pom crazy!!!!!
"My only quibble with these is the handles are kind of short and occasionally dig into my hand.  That's why I'm not giving it five stars.  The grip on these is hard plastic and when I bought my first of the type nine years ago I expected to be disappointed.  However, it's a very comfortable grip after all, and does a lot to relieve hand fatigue.  This particular set is quite economical, even accounting for the fact that personally I've never in my life used a C-hook.  The pouch has held up well after a few months of steady use.  No stitches are popping; the hook and loop tape on the closure is still in good condition.  There are tiny little ""pockets"" created by the stitching that are too small for other crochet hooks but work perfectly for keeping my most-used set of DPNs nearby.  That's probably not something I'm supposed to be doing, but this sucker helps me not lose things better than just about anything else I've tried.  You do have to be quite careful to keep that flap down over the top of the hooks or they will slip out, though."
"well made, nice hooks - very handy for keeping your tools organized.  Quality of hooks was nice also.  Good purchase."
Very practical
good product
great daning needles
"These are really handy and I love that the pom poms I make are all uniform now. Very easy, just watch on YouTube for better instructions. Especially love making with LionBrand Thick n Quick yarn."
"I've tried a LOT of different hooks over the years, and these are my favorites.  I use the ""knife hold,"" and I've developed osteoarthritis in my hands as I've gotten older, and these are the most comfortable for my hands.

Not every hook will work well for everyone, though, so if in doubt, order *1* of these hooks and see if you like it before ordering the entire set.  I made several projects with a couple of these, and then decided to get the set - and I'm very happy with it.  I like the case -- it's brightly colored so it's easy to spot in my project bag.  I've had no problems with any of the hooks falling out of the case (mentioned in a couple of other reviews), so that may just be due to slight variations in case construction.

Bottom line: At the time I purchased this, I paid less than thirty-five dollars for this set, a good price for a complete set of these hooks with case."
I  have RA in fingers and these really help me alot. I got some for my daughter and me.
excellent quality
That's it...I love these hooks and I am so glad to have them now in an even broader range of sizes!
Easy to use and made wonderful pompoms.
Easy to use and made wonderful pompoms.
Perfect
Nice little gift item for friends and me!
Very nice to have for any crafty person. I love the secure carry case the needles come in.
This product is a genuine Clover product. The quality of the wood is very smooth and sturdy. I will be purchasing another set from them.
"Lots of fun, I bought it for some hats that I knit and it works really well!!"
"I have bought this brand of needles before and I like them a lot.  This set filled out all the needle sizes I was missing, and the case is very handy. It seems sturdy as well.  A bit too much pink, but that's okay.  It fits my smaller needles and yarn needles as well."
Love these
"Very nice set of hooks! High quality, nice case and all have covers over the ends of the hooks. These are well worth the pirce. This was a gift to me, and I am very pleased."
No real instructions are included. Get ready to spend some time in order to get what you want out of these.
hours of fun
Love it!  I don't lose my needles any more.
Love these for making sure my knitting does not slip off the needles! Great for traveling. Could  not fly without these!
"These are awesome!  I showed my 8 and 10 year olds how to make the pom poms with these helpers and let them to it.  They made pom poms for hours, and it was easy and fun for them!  I recomment buying all the sizes!"
Best crochet hooks I have used so far! I have been crocheting for over 30 years and i can't believe I just discovered these!
My wife Loves It!
Great quality and case. I simply strung yarn through the cap's cord hole and I was off and running. This is useful for not only knitters but also anyone doing fiber arts. I'm very fond of this little product and would recommend it to anyone.
"I had no idea how much fun it would be to make pom poms with this nifty pom pom maker! I used to make them with hand-made cardboard cut-outs, but found it tedious and the results were inconsistent. These are worth every penny. I bought both the small and medium sizes. There's also a YouTube video with some tips."
works great
como lo describieron
They are my very favorite crochet hooks.  They're very comfortable to use.  You won't regret purchasing them!
Not much call for me to make this large of a pompom but I have the other sizes so I know it will work great.
"Works great, very easy to use and makes perfect Pom Poms"
This sizes listed here are for the size of the actual product...NOT the size of the pom poms it makes. Not very clear. I don't think anyone would care what size the actual product is.
Works well for knitted socks.  I like it.
"The container is perfect for the product and a few extras that you want to  keep on hand. Unbelievable Fast shipping from Amazon, Thank'x for that. I definitely would recommend this to anyone in need of these for crafting or heavy duty sewing needs."
Hooks have no weight to them... like my hooks with some weight. Will be returning
"This is much nicer than my old needle holder, which isn't see-through. I'm happy to have an easy to spot yarn needle holder in my knitting/crochet bag."
Awesome! am so excited to try these!
For my mom she loves them
Love these.  I do not do pom poms very well and this product is a life saver.  So easy and  so fun to use.
Easty to use and store.
Fantastic hooks helpful holder.
love them wish they had a K hook though.
Easy to use! Makes a great pom-pom. I put a drop of fray check in the center to help prevent the pom pom from pulling apart.
Very handy to have in my crochet bag.
"I loom knit, and had childrens slippers to make for not only my family for Christmas, but for friends grandchildren, too. These small pom pom makers are just perfect for the size slippers. Fast shipping, and would definitely purchase from this vendor again."
These are great tools
Nice grip especially for big projects
"Great for marking a place on your knitting, but as a regular marker the pointy ends grab and snag your yarn and are very cumbersome."
I love the different sizes it comes with
nice
Absolutely as advertised!  Ready to knit with bamboo!  The needles are smooth and the yarn slices easily. Thank you for a great product.
LOVE IT!!!
I received this item. I like it. Thank you very much.
Awsome. Nice feeling
"It's a needle, could have a sharper tip."
This product makes making a lot of pom poms much less work. Definitely worth spending the money on if you plan on making more than a few poms. Everyone I've showed these to loves them. Great product.
All of the little things that you need while knitting in one compact case.  It's convenient to throw in my to-go knitting bag.
Excellent needles for crochet and/or knitting projects.  You can not go wrong.
"Love these, fast shipping, the best, thank."
Handy item.
bought this for the container ....may be i won't lose my big needles anymore ???? we will see
"Very useful point protectors.  I am using them on size 8 bamboo needles: they don't fall off, they don't catch my yarn, and they are bright colors so I don't lose them.  I wish they came 8 in a package (to cover all 8 ends of 4 dpns), but other than that, they are perfect.  Highly recommended."
Make super large pompoms with it
I use it all the time
"This is a really nice set of hooks. I was tired of having all mismatched hooks in a homemade case so this was a nice upgrade. They are comfortable to use, but the shaft is shorter than other hooks as some other reviews have mentioned. It took a little getting used to but they work fine. The case is not cheaply made as another review suggested, and it folds up really small which makes it convenient for carrying in my purse. I recommend these hooks to anyone."
They were all the same size. I thought they would be various sizes.
Love the different sizes and the little tube to keep them in
This makes pom pom making so easy!
These Clover Pom Pom Makers are wonderful!!  I am so happy with them.  Makes pom pom making even more fun and faster!
love it
Flexible rings that work as designed
Works like a charm!
;-)
Love them! My hand hasn't hurt since switching to these!
It's okay.
exactly what I needed for my knitting. love that either end opens
"Just what I needed, and product is as described. The little zipper pouch everything fits into is a handy addition."
works
works
My mom is an avid knitter and just bought one of these! She raves abt how she wish she had it years ago! It's easy to work and makes great Pom poms for hats!! It's a must buy no joke!
Exactly as described and arrived in a timely fashion.  Thank you.
"Great for someone who has arthritis like I do.  It's comfortable and lightweight.  I tend to 'drop' the aluminum crochet hooks because of my arthritis, and these ""Soft Touch Crochet Hooks"" are very comfortable.  Wish I could order the 'larger' hooks as these are the main ones used, however, some projects require a larger size hook which this set does not have."
Good  does what I need them to do. Thanks
"I have been convincing myself for years that I do not need a tool to make pom pom and decided to cave in finally.
If you wound the yarn neatly, you do not even need to trim your pom pom much if you are using this tool. You can easily gauge if there are sufficient yarn being winded by using the centre as a gauge, fill it up and you will be guaranteed a full pom pom. This tool has saved me yarn which would be otherwise wasted during the trimming or failed pom pom due to insufficient yarn used during the winding stage."
"Fast shipping, high quality, love having a case to store needles in."
"Have some already and am getting more.  The small tips fit  on all but the largest needles, and don't catch the yarn as much as the pointy triangle ones do."
"I purchased this because a reviewer said it didn't hurt their finger tips.  Mine are like very sharpened pencil tips.  It was very difficult to finish a row using these because the tips of my fingers were so sore.  If you use a finger tip protector, it would be great.  The quality is very nice for the price, but the tips are so sharp I can't use them."
"Great, fast, easy to mske"
I like the fact that I can make a pom pom but I don't like the fact u can pull the strings out of pom pom.
"A necessary part of knitting and/or crochet!  Good price, timely delivery and arrived packaged securely!"
Perfect little container.  Thanks!
Perfect container for my wandering needles!
Important tool for all my knitting work.
The case helps keep me from losing the needles.
Easy to use. Great pom poms
"I love rosewood needles. The nicest, smoothest terrific needles.

I soend so much time creating beautiful pieces. I deserve to have beautiful tools to do my crafts. A rave!"
"Very nice, I really like that the cap screws on, so it doesn't just pop off and send needles loose everywhere.  Good sizes on the needles and enough room to add a needle threader if you want one."
Fun to use!
"they fit the needles just right and now my knitting will not come off.
they are a little smaller than I expected but should work fine."
Love this! So handy. Just hang around  your neck and never search for something to cut yarn with.
Nicely put together. The crochet hook are smaller than I expected but nice assembly. I enjoying them. Thank you.
the case has a small plastic loop on side that has allowed me to attatch to my cases when traveling and camping with projects. It is plenty big for many needles and straight pins.
Once I figured out how to use it I loved it... (NO directions)
This is a nice assortment of needles and the case it quite sturdy. My only complaint is that the cap screws on and it can be a pain to unscrew if you only have one hand.
Bought both the large and small sizes - easy to use and work great!
Fun and easy to use!
Stores all my darnnig needles
good
Works great!!
Makes beautiful large pom POM's very easily. Wish I had bought more sizes.
beautiful set sizes most used easy to hold
Great needles and the case makes them so easy to find!  I am so glad that I ordered two of them!
Great.
love the carry tube
The best hooks I have ever used! I wish they came in bigger sizes!!
No problems!  Delivered as promised
It works so wonderfully for us at the qulting table.  We still tie quilts for Lutheran World Relief and needed a threader for our yarn ties.  I was so happy to find this threader.
These are completely worthless---they pop right off the needles.  Don't bother!
"As expected, second time I buy from them"
Love this set!! Best set ever. I have many crochet hooks but this is my go-to set. I received it quickly and Amazon was easy to order from.
"I was a bit skeptical about these before I bought them, but I was so tired of cutting out cardboard to use for making pom-poms that I thought I'd give these a try.  They make pom-pom making soooo easy and fast!!  I truly love them. Recommend to any crocheter (like me!) or crafter who uses pom-poms. They are totally worth it."
"Easy to use. Makes full, even pom poms. Very fair price"
Nice~~
Excellent
"Easiest possible tool to make TONS of pompoms. I was recommended this by a friend, and I couldn't imagine going back to the old wrapping & cutting around a circle method... I LOVE this thing. And all the other pompom makers I ordered on here.  (I have one in every size, now.  I love it that much.)"
"Easiest possible tool to make TONS of pompoms. I was recommended this by a friend, and I couldn't imagine going back to the old wrapping & cutting around a circle method... I LOVE this thing. And all the other pompom makers I ordered on here.  (I have one in every size, now.  I love it that much.)"
Fantastic
Great set of crochet hooks
As represented.
Always good to hv  as a beginner. ...
Very handy n good collection fr beginners. ..
Love it...such comfy handles. ..
Really like this set.  It is sturdy and the hook handles feels good in my hand when using them
"Love the organized case of bamboo hooks. I had picked up a bamboo hook recently and love crochet with it, so I decided to purchase a set to have on hand. Very well made, and fantastic construction. Handy to have a complete set, nicely organized and kept together in such a pretty case!"
Excellent product! Thank you very much. The ease of ordering and how quickly it arrived was amazing. The product itself is a sweet gadget.
ok
"I use them for everything! The three sizes mean that they are usable for so many different things. The big needle gets used the most, but the carrying container is the best part of this whole thing. Without the container, I'd lose them constantly."
"Great for yarn.  I have may threaders, this is my favorite"
Great quality and I also loved the carry case for it !
Perfecto exactly what was expected
Cool
"A little tricky to get used to how it works, but it is useful"
First time I have used the elastic yarn thread.  Very easy to use.
"It is wonderful having somewhere to put all of my needles, this little holder makes it easy and convenient to store your needles. I love it because in the past I never could find my needles. LOL!!!"
Great !!
"These are handy little point protectors that will keep your work on the needles when you set it down.  That will save dropped stitches, and spar you a lot of bother.  The colors are bright enough to make the point protectors easy to find in the bottom of your work bag or on the floor if you happen to drop one.  This would make a useful stocking stuffer for anyone who knits."
this holder keeps my needles away from my nosey cats
I love crocheting with these needles.
These accessories are very practical and useful.  I find these items helpful to track my knitting.
I love these crochet hooks. They are awesome! I would recommend them to anyone. I only wish they had included the 'K' hook as well.
pretty handy gadget ...you will get more uniform results using this tool over winding yarn on piece of cardboard!
Very cool! Only wish the company made the larger hooks as well.
These are the best needles ever.. but they don't have big sizes .. 
"Wow, very nice kit.  I was considering another kit, but this one had a counter in it.  I also love that:

- There's both a tapestry needle and a larger, bent dull-tip needle (metal!)
- the counter is not flimsy
- the bag is perfect for the contents

All in all, I'm glad I went for this over the competition I was considering.

Highly recommended."
Works great and you can make a tight cute pompon in maybe two minutes! Watch You tube video for clear instructions!
perfect
I like it thank you
These work great and I love the three different sizes
"Simply the best crochet hooks I've tried. Don't waste your time with any other type of hooks. These hooks are lightweight, perfectly ergonomic, and made in such a way so that yarn effortlessly slides on them. My only gripe would be that I with the case was bigger to fit more sizes."
"I do a lot of needlework, and go through a lot of needle threaders.  I love these because they are very sturdy and do not break when you pull thread through the needle. I bought two several months ago, and still using the first one.  If you do needlework, these are a definite must have."
was very pleased with this order arrived a few days early and i had to try it as soon as i got it. you do need to be careful with it though. it is a little flimsy and can brake easily.
"This is a very clever device. Super easy to use - no learning curve whatsoever. I've been using cardboard donuts forever to make pompons... never again! I ended up wasting so much yarn the old way - tediously trying to get my pompons consistent sizes and perfectly shaped and trimmed. The Clover eliminates that process entirely! Your pompons come out exactly the same size and perfectly round every time. Only a few snips required for a perfectly round ball with a velvety-smooth surface. No more tedious pom-pom haircuts! You can make them as plush as you like, and they're still a cinch to tie. I'm gonna buy a bunch more yarn and cover my house with fat, plush, colorful pompons! Wheee!!

If you like ultra-soft, plump, velvety pompons, I recommend&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Red-Heart-E728-4422-Soft-Yarn-Tangerine/dp/B000BY4Q5K/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Red Heart E728.4422 Soft Yarn, Tangerine</a>. Easy to work with!"
"Love love love this little set. I keep it in my crochet hook pouch so it's at hand when I need it. It's great for weaving in loose ends, and also for attaching appliqu pieces or even small parts for amigurumi. The larger needle has a nicely rounded tip so it's easier to go between rather than through yarn threads. I also love the little green case the needles come in. It's wide enough at the top that I can reach a finger in and grab the needle I want without having to tip it over to get them out. Yet, it's compact enough to fit in my small hook pouch. The color stands out nicely when I'm looking for it."
I was really looking forward to loving this but I like my good old Susan Bates hooks so much better. The crevice in the Susan Bates hooks are more defined than these Clover hooks so the yarn tends to catch and hold better for me at least. I don't mind using these for smaller projects but for the big ones I'll continue to use my Susan Bates.
"LOVE these, I have used all sizes so far and they really cut down on the fatigue of my wrist"
good
"Long, but useful.  It stores quite a bit, and it seems to be made well."
"Loved it, beginner friendly.  Very easy to use and hold in your hand.  I really like it and figured out how to use it right off the bat. It is small, hand sized.  Also, I learned how to use it off YouTube and not their directions but their picture diagram does look easy to follow, (I just prefer the more visual than reading version)."
"I bought these as a birthday present for my 10-year-old granddaughter who absolutely loved them.  Clover needles are a good quality needle and this set was very cost effective over buying them individually. Also,the price was much better than local stores or other Internet sites for the set.  The delivery was a bit longer than usual though."
This is a great little container to keep those needles handy. It is deep enough for my larger yarn needles. The lid screws on so it is a secure container. Definite item to have.
Love these little point protectors.  They are very useful when I don't want big ones in the way/
"These are ok but small. The description should have said "" for DPN'S"""
This product is excellent for us who work with knitting and crochet.  I already know the label clover since Brazil
Work good
NOT RECEIVED THIS ORDER WAITING TO SEE WHAT HAPPENS IT LOOKS GOOD SO I WOULD LIKE TO GET IT
"Keeps your hooks nice and neat, very nice crochet hooks.  Great value"
"They work great, exactly what I needed."
"I was always loosing my needles, I have not lost a needle since I got this."
Perfect for making my grand baby little pom pom toys and outfits...
"Love, love , love these. This is my answer to perfectly plump and round pom poms. I am now ordering the next size up."
Very nice to have
The needle sizes are perfect for working with crochet  I love the little case.  I don't lose the needles and I can easily keep themin my crochet case
Thanks to the comment that clarified that it DOES NOT contain a 10.5 needle size I was very pleased with the quality and the price of this product.
a life saver-so frustrated with those little wire things
Works great for protecting the knitting needles while not in use and for stopping those stitches to head to bed.
Love it
At first i was kinda not like it because there's roughness when i crochet or maybe i was used to silvalume .. But as i go on it becomes smooth and uts very light and handy..
Love them. good idea to have them work with both ends like that
Still can't use it very good. I have trouble using it. No instructions came with it.
thanks
"I  LOVE THESE HOOKS! they are absolutely lovely to work with, my hands never ache any more, and I fly through projects. My gauge is much better with these too, I carry less tension in my yarn working with these hooks so my projects actually come out the correct size. Cute travel case too"
Very handy product.
Great for aching hands and hand arthritis.  Makes crocheting a pleasure again.
I love it
Good
Good item. Makes a nice PomPom
Makes a good Pom Pom.
"Product came as advertised.  It works well as far as I can tell, my wife is the user here.  We have bought other Takumi products."
Great bargain - best crochet hooks I have ever used!
Have had a hard time figuring out how to use this.
A great little container for those special needles we crafters use frequently
I have trouble with the skinny little hooks so bought these and love them.  I can crochet much longer before stretching my fingers!! I even bought some for my daughter and she loves them.
Great quality
"Love these, love these- did I say I love these.  Great for sweater snags, too.  Nice little containers to keep them in."
Greatest pom pom maker made.  easy to use. Highly reccomend
"Wonderful set and made from light, cool bamboo. I love the fact that it comes in a pouch which has a funky design. It keeps everything in one place and I can also add my stitch counter, markers and small scissors into the pouch as it has a few mini compartments. The needles cover a nice range in sizes and are great quality. Really happy. They didn't include US 7 but I purchased that separately and there was space to add them. As they were also Clover they look like they were part of the original set."
Keeps pokey edges away from little hands that don't listen to Momma saying no.
"I haven't used yet all the accessories in the entire year, but had to buy additional point stoppers. The zip-lick pouch is not durable: the slide falls off easily. The stitch holders are not strong enough even for worsted yarn."
An absolute necessity!
They're great!
These are nice needles and the case is cute too. They are smooth with somewhat blunted tips I've always liked the Takumi needles. Getting half a set for this price was fantastic.
I like this so much I bought 2 of them!  My needles are easy to find now.
Great quality at a great price. Buying the needles separately would've cost a ton.
I had been looking for a container for my needles and this one is perfect.  It's strong and easy to find even if it slips down into my bag.
"Love these yarn bobbins...I use them for lettering in my crochet...instead of a ball, hank, or skein of yarn, you can use a bit of yarn on each bobbin for each letter so you don't have to carry over that much yarn...per letter!  Much easier and neater, too."
"I really don't like this threader. There is only one circumstance where it is the one that I grab. That is really small needles. The wire is so fine you can hardly see it and that makes it very limp. The weight of a needle alone is enough to bend it and have it fall over, dropping your needle if you don't hold both at same time. The opening is also much smaller than other threaders... and if you look at my history. You will see that I've pretty much bought most of the threader options here on Amazon. This is probably my least favorite."
Ripoff
"I am not an experienced sewer but I crochet and needed needles for small sewing needs. I have been very pleased with this product, from the quality of the needles themselves to the convenience of the case they are kept in. The case helps avoid misplacing them while working on your projects. Other needles I have used, such as in sewing kits, have been light and flimsy, these needles are heavier and durable. The three sizes that are included are all I have needed for my sewing needs. I would purchase this brand again in the future if I needed additional needles."
im learning how to knit thats y i ordered them but i found out they are to long for me totally my mistake i didn't realize how big are they but they look nice good quality and arrived as fast and as described
"Directions were quite minimal - good thing I had the evening to figure it out!  It's not rocket science, but a few more visuals would have been helpful."
wish the directions on the box were a bit clearer - i suggest one youtube search and you'll be good to go
Product is good.....way better than the plastic one that I was using.  Next time I will be ordering the curved needles.
love it
"Excellent product - works like a charm and creates nice and full pom poms.
Much easier than any other way I've tried make em!

Thanks!"
"Fork method not working for you? Get this, it works!"
I love these needles.  They're smooth; but not slippery.  Just the right length for a small dog sweater.  I like comfort in my knitting tools. These are comfortable to use.  No stitches scooting off the needles; no clacking noise while working; and they are light as feathers.  Clover Takumi products have a lifetime buyer.
"I have used this for cuff less socks. I use it both around the very top and then around the ankle. It is very thin thread, so does not interfere as far as bulk. It is tricky because it will twist and get tangled but that is the trade-off for it being so thin. I highly recommend this."
"Product arrived very quickly, was as described and great price A++++"
This item was exactly what my child wanted and needed for his amigurumi crafts.
Though I wish these were a little flexible they do still do the job when knitting
"I am always losing these and the ones I find are never the right size.  These are perfect, great sizes - I can't imagine needing another one and I won't lose them with the cool case."
"I've tried so many kinds of hooks, and Clover Soft Touch is my favorite! The price is very reasonable and affordable.

Update - 12/16/15
I bought this because Amazon had this on promotion (lightning deal), This is my second set already, love it!"
"These argentine best crochet hooks ever! They are so kind to your hands and so,easy to grip and use. They really reduce hand fatigue. Love them!"
The best pom pom maker ever!
I love these- no more slipped stitches when knitting in the round & when I use shorter needles I use them to protect my wrist.
"These are a disappointment in that they do not fit snugly on even size 3 needles, although they are advertised as working well for needles as fine a 0 (they slipped off even when they were pushed on as much as possible). They will, however, probably be OK for larger size needles."
I love these hooks. Good price and so nice to use with arthritic hands and normal hands.
Good
"Little small then what i was expecting, we had a kk round knitting kit but compare to that these pegs are not strong"
Great place to store needles. I tied some yarn through the hole so that I don't lose it
have never used these hooks before.  easier to handle than the all metal ones.
I'll admit that I bought this mostly for the container.  It is so hard to find containers for needles outside of a pin cushion.  I love how it looks and that I can stuff a ton of needles in there without having to worry about pricking myself when I need to get one out.  Oh and the needles that arrived with the container were also very good.  I wish I could just buy the container itself in a variety of colors.
"prompt delivery, was able to use a credit card on behalf of the purchaser, and the quality is good."
Perfect.
great needle tips.
These are very handy when threading yarn through a needle eye.
"These hooks are nice and easy to use. I enjoy the carrying case for easy storage and travel. If you normally use Susan Bates hooks these will take a little getting use to using, since the actually hook is a little rounder underneath. (the hook itself is not as flat and wide as the Bates hooks) With a little time and patience you will learn to love these. The handle is comfortable and very lightweight. Keep on hooking. :)"
"These are fine, I just find they are not as snug fitting as some and they tend to fall off the needles if you aren't careful."
Even pompoms :)
this worked great for threading the yarn through the needles! Would definitely purchase again!
These things really work. They are easy to use and make much better-looking pompoms than the old cardboard card method. I will probably add the smaller sizes to my collection as well. Very good price.
Works great.
Best pomp mom makers ever!
Best pom pom maker!
Perfect for keeping your needles in one place and it's big enough so you don't loose it.  Also the screw top is fantastic
Kinda useless.  They don't fit well on any size needle.  Save your money and buy regular ones
"This set is a great value.  Minimized hand fatigue,  much preferred to metal straight hooks,  worth the investment"
"Perfect pom poms! I won't lie, the instructions stink...I had a heck of a time figuring out how these work. And by the looks of them you think you are looking at something that could not possibly make a ball of yarn into anything. You really DO have to faith in the instructions and do what it says even though it seems to make NO sense at all. Whoever thought of this must have been an Engineer!! They look crazy, have two pieces to each puff maker that come apart from each other, in the end, it all works out. I bought this set and another that makes four sizes, one of which is huge, but perfect every time. I make them for my cats. I've bought every toy in the world for my cats and all four of them come back to these and only these in the end, so I am forever making puff balls that disappear under stairs and furniture. Occasionally we have to dig them all out and put them back into the toy box. I have no idea what other thing anyone would DO with puff balls but I am glad I no longer have to wrap yarn around three fingers and try to tie them off, these are genius!"
"This very conveniently holds not just the needles that it comes with but all the large needles I already have. It can fit quite a lot. Right now including the ones it comes with, I have eight total. I could probably fit 2 or 3 more."
I make pom poms for the shoes of all of our Team Little Grandma in the Race for the Cure.  We get comments every year about how cute they are.  This maker has made my job so much easier and the pom poms last the whole 5k without falling apart.  Excellent product!
"I would give this a 5-star rating if the product description had been correct. I *love* Takumi needles. But this product was described as containing ""circular 29 inch sizes 8, 9, 10, 10.5, 11, 13 & 15"". I ordered this set specifically because I needed a 10.5 needle. This set does not contain a 10.5 needle. It contains circular 29 inch needles in sizes 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 13 & 15, just like my other identical set of Takumi 29-inch circular needles. No 10.5. I cry. I won't return them because I know there will be times I have more than one UFO needing the same needle size, and they were a good deal (about half of what they cost from other vendors). If that weren't the case, I'd return them to the seller and give the seller a frowny face for their product description fail.
But caveat emptor: if you need a US 10.5 needle, this set does not have it."
Several items that I needed were in this set.  It was a good deal considering all that was included.  Good product and great price.
Reasonably priced and fast ship.
Organized yeah
"Haven't used it yet. I bought this to keep it in my Bugout bag.
I figured having little more durable needles can come in handy for fixing tents or something. Who knows. Like I said, it's for a bugout bag. Love that it comes in this handy case where I can add other size needles if need be."
Love these for all my needles
Love these. They have a small tip which means the yarn can  slip off easily but you get used to maneuvering these super comfy needles. They are smooth so they slide against the yarn which speeds up my work a lot. Worth the price.
Good product
This was exactly what I needed
"Best needles I have ever had.  I love the sweet little carrying case, so I am not forever searching for my needles to finish a project.  The three different sizes are perfect as well.  And there is enough room in the little case that I could throw in a few other needles (that I found)."
"Makes great looking flowers.  The directions are just ""okay.""  However, I found some great videos on You Tube and they really helped.  Love the way it all fits together in the case."
Great deal for everything included/  I use it all of the time.
my wife love it
"I purchased a single soft touch crochet hook at the store, and it quickly became my favorite. I was thrilled to find the Soft Touch set. The case is attractive, small, and keeps my favorite crochet hooks organized. Great purchase!"
"My sister just called and opened this up and said WOW.  First time She ever had a thread that wasn't cheaply made
She lives in Nashville and tries so hard to find quality items. So She says give this a #10+"
Totally Good !!! :D
Rubber bands are more efficient. These really don't work very well. Fall off the needles no matter how I adjust them.
A simple little product that makes pom-pom-making so much easier!  Full poms.  Easy to use.  I use the smaller size in this pack more often.  The larger one is really large and would be best used for a big pom garland or anything large scale.
"I like these hooks very much, they are smooth, with ergonomic handles and clearly printed sizes. But I hate pink color and there is no other case available.  Also, for sturdier, tight crocheted fabric, like sun hats or baskets, these may be tiring to work with, as they are shorter than the standard hooks. Perhaps they were designed for Japanese petites. Don't use them with harsh nylon tapes, since you may damage the smooth finish."
I bought these to go with a set of crochet hooks for a present.  Then got a set for me.  Holds those big eye needles that I like to use to weave in yarn ends.  Very happy with my purchase
"These are a 5 star for the price,  packaging, and the hooks which are so easy on the hand.  It is so nice to have them all in one package, easy  to find the one you need.  I have recommended them to my friends and several have already order."
"Very clever method for making pompoms. Make bushy thick poms, or thin poms. They turn out perfect! Very little trimming necessary."
"This is a handy case for yarn needles, with 3 needles included.  While i like the case, and have one in each of my knitting bags, it does seem a bit expensive for the function it provides.  I usually augment with additional less expensive needles."
Very nice and i am happy with it because it is nice way to keep needle safe ..i advice you to buy it.
"These are just what I wanted for my yarn projects. Loved that the case can hold other needles, I have quite a few in there now and I can pop this right into my stash bag and not worry about the needles coming out."
"What can I say about soft jumbo stitch ring markers?  They work.  I like the fact that they are not rigid, as most stitch markers are.  When I come to the end of the round, the soft stitch marker easily slips along as I continue knitting the round.
I like these Clover soft jumbo stitch ring markers."
I am a very organized person and love the fact that you can put all of your darning needles in this case and not have to search your crochet bag to find them.
Does it's job great and is exactly as it is described. Made lots of pom poms for a party and it was easy.
Does it's job great and is exactly as it is described. Made lots of pom poms for a party and it was easy.
How did I ever knit without this handy chibi to keep my darning needles in is beyond me. A MUST HAVE for any fiber artist.
"I've always had difficulties making round pom poms and have avoided using them.
Not any more. I get perfectly rounded pom poms every time, without having to trim them smaller to make them round.
I liked these so much, I bought all the sizes Clover makes."
"I've always had difficulties making round pom poms and have avoided using them.
Not any more. I get perfectly rounded pom poms every time, without having to trim them smaller to make them round.
I liked these so much, I bought all the sizes Clover makes."
I had lost my knit mate that I had for years so i was really glad to get this one.
"These needles are excellent quality, strong, and have a smooth finish that won't snag yarn. I love the smaller darning needles for grafting toes on socks and weaving in ends on small projects. The largest needle is great for worsted weight yarn. The case is adorable, and I love that I can attach it to a keyring so I don't lose it."
works great and is very sturdy.  Clover brand seems to be really great with lots of selection. Would buy again.
"Why did I choose this rating???Because I love the yarn threader!  I put a length of yarn thru the hole and now I can
keep up with it easier...it is so helpful when trying to thread yarn thru a needle eye."
"Doesn't cramp my hands.  Bought one for my mom so she could continue with crocheting in her 90's, after she passed away I used it, loved it so much I bought the whole set.  Hard to go back to the other kind after using these, they are so easy to use."
"This is an absolutely essential tool for knitters.  There are two styles of needles that can be ordered - one is straight, and one has a slight bend near the tip of the needle, which is most helpful in weaving ends of yarn into a project.  The little screw-top case keeps one from losing the needles in a small bag.  I am very happy with this purchase.  Prompt delivery, reasonable price."
"I was always misplacing needles. Now I know where they all are  at all times, that is providing I put them back in when finnished.,  Jusy Great"
I love using this thing. I'm making hats to donate and the pompoms add a nice touch. Glad I bought it and would recommend for sure.
"The perfect tool for learning to hair pin lace, most youtube how-to videos show this loom. It arrived quickly and was super easy to put together and it is well made."
"What is there to say, i love these.  I use them so often that they look a little discoloured but the grip remains good.  I tend to lose them and hope the cats do not get to them.  It will be great if they come in brighter colours - easy to locate under the bed."
They are my fave hooks so comfy on my thumb there perfect for crocheters lol I would recommend them to everyone
"Looked like a infighting to make room poms until I tried using it while following the so
So called Directions.  Wasted enough yarn and time.  Won't mess with it again.  Would
give it zero stars if I could.  And yes, I realize it is  probably just my thickheadedness to blame."
I love my Clover Chibi. I've tried many other methods of storing my needles and this is the best option by far.
Made the job of making over 120 poms for a rug an easy task.  Pom rugs are extremely expensive but with this little jewel I was able to make 2 rugs for my granddaughters bedrooms.
"LOVE IT! I've always hated making pom poms because they always turned out lopsided or skimpy looking, no matter how much yarn I used. And to make matters worse, after trimming, they were smaller than intended.

From the very first pom pom I made with this tool, they were PERFECT. I liked this pom pom maker I went back and ordered all the other sizes and am no longer intimidated by making pom poms.

I used the Extra-Large Pom pom maker to make a pom pom scarf that looks FABULOUS.

I highly recommend this style pom pom maker over the old fashioned snail looking pom pom makers."
These pom pom makers work perfectly. It includes both sizes shown and are simple enough to make by our schoolage class of children.
"I wouldn't recommend this product.  And I paid too much for it.  Not much room for additional needles (although the needles are nice quality), and the lid won't stay on.  plus the ""ring "" through which you'd thread something to tie the Chibi onto your basket/bag is on the lid, and helps the lid to pop off unexpectedly.  Look for a container in another line.  I found a bigger, tight closing/stay closed container at Walmart yesterday.  Half the price, too."
"I adore these darning needles. I use them to sew together my crocheted pieces, to add buttons, etc. These are by far the very best darning needles I have ever used. I love them so much, that they are my special needles -- meaning, I don't share them with others!"
"Clover has very good tools to knit and to crochet, but this hair pin is one of the best ones.
Totally recommended!"
This is a must have little case for your needles. It's easy to see in my knitting bag when I need it. The top screws on and off which I like better than if it had snapped on and off.
I crochet and the Tulip hooks are great.  You do not get tired. I use them all the time.  Love them.
I bought one for myself and I loved it.  My mom wanted one as well and I got it for her for Christmas.  IT is great for people with arthritis in their fingers.
Nice for keeping needles all together. Great for keeping sewing needles together with projects. Don't have to worry about pricking your fingers when you reach for your needlework.
I love these hooks! Much more comfortable in my hand than the last brand I was using. I'm not a huge fan of the hot pink color of the case but I can deal with it. :)
"Love the little container to keep everything in, there is plenty of room for me to add my other needles. Works as expected."
"Great, received as stated. Thanks, I have not had a chance to use my hooks, but plan to as soon as my yarn arrives."
"Without this device I would be at a loss in knitting elaborate cable patterns, where every row matters and every stitch counts."
"These are small scale knitting tools that can be quite useful.  They are just the basics, inexpensive but handy items.  The plastic pouch is small enough to fit in a purse or work bag.  I keep them in my knitting bag, so I always have what I need when knitting away from home.  It would also make a nice gift for someone you are teaching to knit, especially a child.  Children like to have their very own tools."
"These are the best crochet hooks I've tried. They are a nice length, have a nice grip and slide very easily. The storage bag is a nice plus. I took a sharpie and wrote the size of each hook on its corresponding little pocket so I could easily locate and store each hook."
"After knitting more than 20 hats this spring, the pom pom makers helped me put on the finishing touches...thanks!

The only thing I would tell a newbie would be to tie the center of the pom poms with a stronger thread instead of the thicker yarn...I used a quilting thread and it truly made of difference. :)"
"The case is lovely, the hooks are quality crafted and comfortable....until.....you have been crocheting for 15-20 minutes or more. That's when I noticed that the hook was short enough to be poking into my hand painfully. I have smallish hands, only 5'3"" and not heavy-set through the bones, and yet, this set of hooks are all too short.  I don't understand why anyone would pay more money so you can suffer while crochet?
Clover makes another set of comfort hooks that are longer. I have two of those. But now I have wasted considerable amount of money on this set.
If you crochet fairly seriously, please buy only one of these soft touch hooks before buying the set. Your hand may be small enough to fit the hook comfortably for long periods at a time.  I wish I had done what I am suggesting.  :-(
Does anyone have any ideas on how I might extend them a bit? I may try a rubber pencil grip on the end. Hope thus review helps you. Happy crocheting!"
Wish these were a little cheaper and that the sizes & printing was easier to read on the needles.  They are good needles that don't catch on wool.  I was surprised that they don't have a divot - but I found that I really didn't miss it at all.
"I actually already had one, but purchased another one, so as to put the darning needles for my loom knitting."
I have always in the past cut a piece of cardboard to use in making pom poms.  So glad to have found these for you will have consistent sized pom poms. I would recommend these to anyone who makes pom poms.
"I really needed this item with old eyes and hands! I wish it would fold in to protect the threader, like the yarn one that I bought earlier! It folds in but, I can't hang it around my neck like this one!"
I do craft a lot and couldn't find one in the store they was always gone. so I got on line and it was there. I love it makes making pompoms easy. and fun thank you
I love this gadget to make crafts. I use it and it is cheaper than buying pom poms at craft store.
What a WONDEERFUL product!!  I received mine yesterday and couldn't wait to start a project that I had in mind. I like that I can remove the top clip when working because it makes it so much easier to move my crochet hook to the back and turn for the next stitch. My only concern was that the metal pegs were so short that it would be a pain because I would have to remove stitches so often.  I realized that the metal pegs from the Susaan Bates brand loom were interchangeable with the pegs from this loom. Problem solved!!  Now I have the choice of using a short hairpin tool if I'm out and about or a longer hairpin tool for those bigger projects at home.
These are things for my double pointed needles because I am always loosing stitches since I have over 20 on each needle. They stay on the needles and fit the sizes that they were made for. I would recommend these for anyone who knits or crochets.
I like these pins for knitting snd quiting.  These are a great head on them so you can handle with any type if project you are going to do.
"I keep my darning and crochet/knitting needles separate from my sewing needles. I always lose track of the few little needles I need for finishing my crochet and knitting projects. Alone, they get lost in even organized storage from those crafts. So I love this little container for them. It is easy to open and close and closes completely, doesn't pop open, wasn't made cheap. You can run string through the little side hole if you want to attach this to something or wear around your neck. You could make a necklace with one of these and one of those little collapsible pairs of scissors that has a hole for tying onto string, so that you're always ready to go with yarn crafts. I just find it makes it easy to toss the needles in with a few skeins of yarn and carry a project around easier. The color stands out too, so although I'm usually a fan of neutral looking things, I'm glad this came in an easily identifiable green. This would make a great gift for a craft person, because even after working in a craft store and teaching, I had never seen this, so it's something a crafter wouldn't necessarily already have."
This was a big disappointment! The directions are not very good at all. They have different languages that is nice but should be easier to read. Should have made a booklet of the different flowers one can make and how to do it.
"would buy again and prob will have too lol
i lost most my needles but this really does keep them safe and
not in the floor
:) would suggest. good quality"
Fits description just as I thought it would. Works for what I was intending to use it for. Very happy.
"I love this thing because all the pieces are contained within the unit.  There aren't six tiny hoops floating around - it's brilliantly designed in that way.  The end results are quite nice - a flower with the same size petals, which is actually quite difficult to do without tools.

I wish the instructions were clearer.  I was not able to read the instructions and get a general idea of how it worked.  I had to actually do the actions as I read to see what I was doing.  Some of that is the size of the pictures included (quite small).  But there are online tutorials available."
I have pain in my joints and hands. This product is amazing and I can now crochet for hours a day with minimal discomfort if any.
"I use this to make pom poms for my hats but i also found my cats love playing with the pom poms so i just made one, tied a string to it and dangle it about so my cats can play with it. Another use for the pom pom maker!"
"I love these crochet hooks! Traditional hooks are round and cause pain for me when working even the most as simple projects. The handle on these reminds one of a toothbrush with just enough ""give"" to allow you flexibility and room to work. I really enjoy the fact that you can use these underhand or overhand, depending on your crocheting style or comfort. I need to switch back and forth due to carpal tunnel & arthritis and these allow me to find the most comfortable position. 5 stars!"
"I ordered a 2nd one for my daughter. I know she will love it too.  Get yours today, you will love it too."
"These little gadgets make pom pom making so easy! After trying the ""donut"" method and the fork method, my 7-year-old wasn't sure he wanted to try another way, but he was able to pick this up quickly and enjoyed finishing his craft that we needed pom poms for."
"The wire in the threader broke after less than 10 uses. It was just too fine for my needs, which were only quilting thread and regular sewing thread. I'm going to go back to the cheap little red plastic threader I used before I got this. What a waste of money."
this is so wonderful to carry my needle point needle with me to work or to doc office and not get poked
"I love making pom poms!  I always hated making pom poms. I used cardboard circles and it was always a pain.  I didn't realize how much of a pain it was until I bought these.  These make pom poms a MILLION times easier.  And my pom poms look great, almost no trimming required.  I would recommend these to anyone looking to make pom poms in a heartbeat.  BUY THIS!"
The construction of this was very nice but the huge drawback for me & why I returned it is that it is EXTREMELY short.  I struggled to get the crochet hook thru & that was at the beginning-I can't see how you could get it thru by the time you get towards the top :-/
I highly recommend buying these.  It is the easiest way to make pompoms.  I plan purchase the small pompom maker as well.
"Needles, case, etc. all as described and so neatly packaged.  The bamboo is perfectly smooth and does not tend to catch on yarn."
"Absolutely love these light weight knitting needles, that come in a handy carrying case. These are well made, and the pointed ends get smoother over time. Pleased with my purchase."
i recommend any one staring to crochet to buy this set it is worth it. you'll have the same collection and you never have to worry about buying separately for different yarn. It's happened to me that I'm crocheting and didn't realize the yarn required a much bigger crochet hook.
I use this all the time for baby hat pom poms.  They come out great.  Great quality product.  Open the arms on one side.  Twit the yarn until full.  cut the yarn  close hands.  then do the other side.  Cut the yarn on the guide.  tie with string tight.  open up.  You have a beautiful pom pom.  LOVE this product.  Clover you are great!!!
"Clover point protectors are the only stoppers I like.  They are just the right size and do not drop off like the ""cutesy"" one do"
"these are fine..nothing special, other than being cute.  they do the job.  I'd order more.  The colours make them easier to keep up with than the white ones I usually use."
"Its cute and functional, but not worth $6.  This should be a $2.99 product.  The needles included are too small for what I need anyway."
"I prefer these to the metal knitting needles that I use to use, and made me hate knitting because of the feel of the metal against metal when knitting.  Now I hope to do more knitting."
This set is perfect for beginners. I bought it when I had just started to get back into knitting and everything in it works great! The price is way cheaper than if you had bought everything separately. The row counter doesn't fit on the larger knitting needles but is really helpful none the less.
"This is a great device to keep all of your tapestry/darning needles in.  When I would put the needles in my crochet holder, they'd fall out, they would get lost, etc.  This device keeps all of them in ONE place and even has a little eyelet so you can wear it around your neck!"
"I bought thee immediately after attending a craft party where I discovered these gems. I'm not great with gadgets so I was hesitant to use them, but they're really simple to use. And pom poms are cute and need to be on everything I own."
It is nice having all accessories in one pouch and receiving as a unit so I don't forget to get one
Works simply and great.  Would definitely recommend it for sewing especially if you can't always fine the hole in the needle like me.
Not used it yet but looking forward to making some Mini Pom Pom's for my great grandaughters hair!!  She'll LOVE IT!!
"I love my bamboo knitting needles.  This is a good variety of sizes and I like the case they come in.  Very handy and folds up nice and ""compact"" for my knitting bag."
"Arrived quickly (of course 2day shipping with Prime), well packaged, and exactly as described!  I fell in love with these hooks after buying one at a local craft store.  Normallly the 8pc set sells for $70+, and finding this one for $35 was a steal!  Thank you Clover for making such a superior product, I don't think i can go back to a solid metal hook ever again!"
"Just what I was looking, easy to use and cheaper then others around the system. recommend this to all crochet person,  easy on the hands and the yarn doesn't go beyond the handle. Love the hooks"
The needles work great.  I needed something smaller to weave in my ends on some smaller yarn knitting projects.  And the container is great with lots of room for more needles to be added.  Very happy with this.
I love my new needle set.  It works well for my knitting projects.  I think I prefer the metal ones but these are a great alternative for when I want a change in needles.
I love that these needles came in a little plastic case. It makes it so easy to find it when you need it. I've only used the largest needle so far and it gets the job done.
I like most of the accessories in this pack.  The paper needle gage is my least favorite accessory....  They could also put in a nicer tape measure.  But I do love the size of the stitch holders and the markers!
A little difficult to make the pom poms.  Hard to get apart when finished winding. I Would not recommend this product.
These point protectors and stoppers are great for keeping your stitches on the needle.  After getting these they kept my needles from slipping off the needles. Great item.
"Handy little screw-top container with nice needle sizes included in the package. Very cute packaging design. I suppose if you were so inclined you could, along with the Clover thread-cutter pendant, wear this around your neck as well by putting a little jump ring through the top hole - then you'd be set and all you need is your yarn and hook (and maybe even possibly a yarn threader)."
These work perfect to keep your knitting from sliding off the needles. Now I can lay my work down just about anywhere and not have to worrry it will slide off.
"Love these, too!  They neef miles of yarn.  Furry & eyelash yarns won't hold upright, in my experience.  But it works as an accent."
Great Crochet  Hooks.  I have enjoyed using these hooks since I have severe cramps in my hands.  I am sure I will enjoy using  these hooks
I love the different sized needles and the carrying case. Excellent for storing and carrying needles! Reasonably priced. Highly recommend.
The case makes it nice to keep the Darning needles from getting lost.  There is plenty of room in the container to add more needles.
"They work great, and I love the case they come with. It makes it easy to find, and it will hold more!

Love it!"
I love this!  It holds many more needles that just the three and it makes it so much easier to find my needles when crocheting!
Too small. too wobbly.  fall of needle too easily.  they slip through the loops too easily.  bad bad d esign.  glad I didn't pay very much.  think they were part of an add on
love these needles and the holder is perfect! The three sizes are perfect for most crochet projects. Definitely recommend this product!
"I  was a little disappointed in this as I thought it would make a much larger pom pom.  However, I am using it and am glad I have it. as I make pom poms for the hats I knit."
Loved the needles and the container... Both are very sturdy and needles didn't rust as I expected. The quality is very good and the sizes are very convenient also.
I didn't have any idea of what I was missing by not using bamboo needles.  They make a nicer finished project and I love them.  Just wish they had every size.
Sturdy needles of varying sizes. The case that it comes with can easily hold many more needles if needed and makes it super easy to transport.
"I love these and like other crocheters, I have Plenty. But these have been the most comfortable for my hands. I don't want to use any others."
"Haven't tried this yet but saw the video.  Should come in handy and make the job easier for adding a pom pom to a knitted cap.  Did not realize, until later, I could have bought this locally at a better price (with a coupon)."
I make chemo hats and like to use cotton or cotton blends for summer wear.  Cotton does not have good elasticity.  I have found that holding a strand of this elastic yarn along with the other yarn while knitting the first inch or so of the lower edge gives it a gentle bounce-back that keeps it from stretching out during wear.  I also think it would give a better fit to the upper edge of socks to keep them in place.  Choose black or white to most closely blend with your yarn color and it is virtually invisible.
They worked just like designed and I highly recommend them for anyone who is in need of a protector or stopper!  A good product!
I love these Crochet Hooks! They're just what I expected. They are so easy to work with and my hands don't hurt from them. I just started crocheting and it's hard to stop. These are a great set if you're a beginner or if you have been crocheting for a while. I would recommend them to anyone. I'm definitely satisfied 100%!
"I saw a crochet hat project, where someone had made flowers using the Hana-Ami flower loom.  I'm not normally a flower-type person, but I had to pick one up for myself.  Ordered via Amazon, and I was using it almost as soon as it showed up.  I LOVE the results.  The flowers are cute, and they make precious additions to hats, scarves, or baby headbands."
This is too large and too stiff to use on anything but the largest needle. It has not been very helpful
This stitch holder is so great because it can be knitted from either end and it acts just like a double pointed needle when you take the ends off.  Much nicer for knitting off of than the stitch holders that close like a safety pin.  They come in larger sizes for larger projects.
"I always seem to lose my darning needles, so having this case is the perfect way to ensure that doesn't happen anymore. It's the perfect size for all its intended purposes and is a unique enough color that it doesn't get lost in the knitting pile. If I had known any better, I probably would've gotten the darning needles with the bent tips since those make it easier to guide the yarn the way you want it to go, but the straight tips still do their job well. The variety of sizes also allow you to work with various yarn weights, which I appreciate."
"I was looking to buy one of these kits at the closest Michael's and they were double the price!

I am a beginner knitter and I have used most of what's inside.

My only gripe is the counter is very tough to turn."
I love having something to store my needles in. I didn't have any larger darning needles either so I'm quite pleased.
I love this! I use this in some fashion every day. Easy to carry with your other supplies & packaged nice.
These are perfect and easy to use.  I bought this for my 6th grader and she loves making the pom poms with them.
These are perfect and easy to use.  I bought this for my 6th grader and she loves making the pom poms with them.
These are perfect and easy to use.  I bought this for my 6th grader and she loves making the pom poms with them.
"These little gadgets make it incredibly easy to create pompoms to embellish your knit or crochet hats, scarves, etc.  I struggled for yrs trying to make them, only to have them never come out even and impossible to make 2 just alike. I found price to be abt the same everywhere, but with Amazon.com I can trust my orders to arrive quickly, accurately  and with my disability it's great not to have to leave home each time I need something."
"I used it the evening I got it and made a heart shaped wreath...It worked like a charm.  Anyone who is into crafting who makes poms, this is a great tool."
The needles finish is rough and the large is to large and the smallish to small and sharp for knitting.
"The Knit Picks tutorial was a great help.  However, it repeatedly refers to the sections snapping closed and they don't.  Found myself trying to hold them closed between my knees while securing final tie.  Awkward and not always successful.  Still, the technology is a vast improvement over the old ""cut-two-cardboard-circles"" approach.  Demonstrated for my knitting group and probably made two or three sales!!"
"I have been crocheting for over 50 yrs and in the winter my hands ache but with the cushioned handle you can keep on crocheting. Bought 2 sets in case I misplace 1 set and I also plan to buy the Steel Crochet set to use on doilys, sweaters, etc."
"I have enjoyed using my Clover small Pom Pom maker!  It is easy to use and makes pretty pom poms!  The only complaint I have is that you can't use shabby scissors to cut the yarn, but need some sturdy one.  Other than that, this is a great product!"
"I've just started knitting and I really was not sure what I would need.  Scoping out amazon knitting section is a little overwhelming.  I came across the Clover Knit Mate Knitting Accessories Set, purchased it, I'm so happy I did.  I've used almost all of the tools in this set.  I would recommend this set!"
"I love the case for these needles, they are high quality needles and work well. I would recommend them to the knitter."
"The packaging clearly states that these work for size 35 needles, which was why I bought them. They just barely fit onto the needle but don't slide at all well on them so that the yarn slides around the marker. Totally useless for that size needle. I ended up using wine markers as stitch markers. Probably fine for smaller needles but don't waste your money if you need markers for Size 35 needles."
"I didn't do a lot with darning needles in the past because I always lost mine, but now I have a case!  It also gave the brilliant idea if you have to undo some rows in knitting to take a darning needle and a piece of marker yarn and thread it through a row so you don't have to undo all of it.  A fantastic idea!"
This is easy to use and makes the perfect pom pom! Make sure to keep the instructions that are part of the package.
I would recommend them to anyone they are great and so quick to make a pom pom and so easy
Very versitlie to use for all kinds of my crafting needs. I use this for making plarn flowers and raffia flowers.
These are good needles. Love that it comes in it's own container - helps me to not loose track of it!
"I found these very, very, very easy to use. The directions are confusing however. I went on uTube and watched a video. Then I 'got it'. I make pom poms for my cats to play with. After each layer of yarn I add a row of craft glue. After completed I let it set overnight for the glue to dry or pop it into an old sock and put in the dryer. The pom poms stay together. I thought of adding the glue after the first pom pom I made was shredded in less than 2 mins by my devil kitten."
Do not buy this ridiculous thing.  At Walmart I bought immune system booster tablets that fizz in water.  When they finished I used the round tube that the tablets came in.  Much sturdier and more volume than this ridiculous thing.
"This is I was looking for all my needles, it's a must have set to keep needle in it! Nice"
I am passing down the love of knitting to my daughter and this accessories gift made it much easier !!!!!
"Love this product, very easy to use, makes pompoms so fast and effortless, the best investment I made, affordable and can't say enough about it! If you are a crafter you HAVE to have these!"
"How did I ever live without it?!?
Love it! No regrets here, very satisfied.
PomPom maker very easy to use."
I use this little kit so much when knitting! I would not survive without it!  I love it! The. End.
"I really love these hooks.  I have a set of Bates, but I like the Clover much better.  They enable my old hands to crochet for hours without cramping up.  I have used them gripping from both beneath and over the hook, and they worked great for me using either hold.  The case is very handy for keeping them all together.  The bright colors on the case makes it easy to find it.  I highly recommend these."
For years I have made pom poms by folding cardboard sometimes they turned out very well sometimes not.  With the pom pom maker they turn out perfect every time and I found myself making pom poms just because I enjoyed it
As I get older I find I do not have the flexibility in my hands that I did when I was younger. These needles are a good size for that and I love the.  Only wish there were more sizes in the kit.
"These are nice and sturdy -- no rough edges, nice thickness.  I also really like the colors.  Just what I expect from a Clover product."
"I got the Clover Chibi because I was looking for a metal tapestry needle to replace the cheap plastic ones that come for free with many knitting and crochet supply kits. I realized I didn't have anything good to keep a tapestry needle in, so the Clover Chibi was a way to fulfill both wishes.

I was surprised at how much nicer it was to use a metal needle when I got this set. Weaving in my yarn ends or joining two pieces of knit or crochet work with this needle is *so* much easier and more precise when using a metal needle!

The case is absolutely adorable. It's small enough to fit into the palm of your hand, yet spacious enough to easily hold the 3 needles it comes with. There's room to spare, so you could put some additional needles into it if you like. It's solidly constructed and has a tight-fitting lid, and although I haven't tested it, I'll bet it would float. It has a little plastic protruding ring off of the lid that you could attach a keyring or chain to.

I toss my little Chibi in with my other knitting and crochet supplies and fish around for it when needed. Love it, love it, love it!"
"what a fantastic device this is, all kinds of uses from cat toys to tassles. no home should be without one."
I purchased this set with a Christmas Gift Card and II am so pleased with the Clover set of hooks. I find that I crochet faster for the hook just slides with such ease. I have wanted to get better hooks for a long time so when I received a Gift Card I knew  what I was going to get.  I went to Amazon and I found this set of Hooks. They are amazing. Happy Crocheting Everyone!
Exactly as pictured & better than I expected.  Very clear instructions included to create several different kinds of flowers.  I am very pleased. I learned more about how to use this with you tube videos.  Cute little set with the flower loom & makes really nice flowers easily.
"Very comfortable to use, easy to hold, not cumbersome. Very good product. And the carrying case is great, easy to pack away"
"I am an avid knitter and must admit that I was constantly losing my yarn needles until I got my Chibi sets.  These lovely little cases are wonderful and I can carry every size I need right in the zipper case I use for my interchangeable knitting needles.  I no longer have to search for misplaced needles, or worse, find them only when someone sits on one.  Ooops!!

I'll never have to worry about puncturing myself, or my friends, again.  I am all set now that I have my perfect case and the right size needle for any project."
The pom pom makers are so easy compared to trying to wind the yarn around cardboard and sometimes not getting the ends even when having to cut the yarn.
Love having all my crochet hooks in one place - the only thing is the end one falls out because the cover isn't long enough - however I just put two together in the next space and it works great!
"I have been crocheting for some time now and I have arthritic hands. I have tried several other hooks designed to help your hands not hurt. These have been great. I received them as a gift and wasn't sure at the touch of them how they would be, but after using them the projects went quickly and I noticed I did not have to stop as often or at all depending on the project to give my hands a break from cramping up. The case is fantastic as well. The little kit here travels really nicely, slides into any bag and you don't lose anything. Sometimes I even stow some extra supplies within the case. The velcro is strong enough to hold on."
"Love these handy needles that can be used for so many things. At least, they don't break like plastic ones do."
"This is a neat item.  I am going to enjoy using it & have plans, already, of items to make involving the flowers."
"love the holder and all the needles that came with it....2 issues: the first is my size 6 US which I use all the time one of the needles is bowed and it frustrates me when I'm casting on...the second is the little pockets don't close so when you put cable needles in, they fall out.....but other then that love my knitting set in it's case."
Did not like the clover pom pom maker at all....the winding part is easy enough.....but its difficult to tie it off tight enough to hold it together nicely.  And its difficult to cut it thru if your scissors are not very sharp.
I am new to crochet world.  I love these.  Created alot of things using these.  Great Price. .. has all of the sizes I need.  Recommend these to everyone.
"Simple but seem to do everything needed.  They are made from cheaper looking plastic, but what the heck. If it works that's great."
So much better than a handmade pom pom. simple enough to use and makes uniform poms. must have for crocheters.
It's good price for shipping and the item. Also it's made in japan that's make me happier. that it its must be 5 star
Works exactly as expected. The directions are easy to understand and follow. Makes very nice pom poms big and and small.
"This is the only thing I have purchased thru Amazon that I have ever been disappointed in. It didn't last more than a day before it broke. It doesn't fit on all sizes of needles which I found out the hard way when I switched from a smaller size to a larger size .  Only talking about a size 6! I can see how a much bigger needle would be a problem. But a 6?
It only fits on the back end of one needle so when I finished ea. row I was constantly having to remember to manually change the number of row I was on . That's another thing... Having to turn the darn thing and having it roll around on the needle.. ... And forget about using it with circular needles.... For something that was supposed to help me keep track of rows.. I found it cumbersome and actually slowed me down. As I make items to sell this  becomes  a problem when time is money and you are on a deadline . Don't know if there is anything out there like this but what I would like is a counter that fits over your index finger. It would be extremely handy as you wouldnt have to search for the counter at the end of your needle the way you do now. So for now until I find a index finger counter .. Lol. ... I keep use paper and pen to keep track of rows ..very low tech but much faster ."
"Before these, I've only really used the metal crochet hooks, except for another ergonomic set that didn't work well at all and I returned.  I am very happy with these; they are much more comfortable than the metal hooks.  I can crochet longer before my hands cramp up, and the hooks themselves are very pretty.  I suffer chronic pain and my hands are affected, and these hooks are great for that.  I'm still a beginner, so I don't do any stitches with a bunch of loops on the crochet hook, but if you do, you may have a problem with these hooks, as the hook part is very short.  For me, these work great."
My granddaughter is learning to crochet and asked for bamboo hooks for Christmas and I was delighted to find this gift set because I have never seen them in the yarn store!
"Quick and easy. My family decided to make pom poms for the Xmas tree. This was easy and fun. Pom poms come out nice, consistent size, big and fluffy. Kids and I enjoyed it. Get some sharp scissors to cut the fabric - this bit is better for grown up."
"I am a big fan of bamboo for knitting.  This is a great set of needles, and I really like the carrying case!"
"WOW....Pom Poms are now SO easy to make.  Every one comes out perfect!  It's amazing how well these work!  It was a bit confusing to read the directions but, I found a You Tube video that goes through the making process.  I can now make Pom Poms so fast and so perfect.  I'll never use anything else to make them!  I would buy this again because it works so well."
I got exactly what I ordered in a timely manner - basically a set of good quality crochet hooks. My wife was happy :)
"I bought these for my own stocking at Christmas this past year.  Had no issues with them, and didn't need to look up any additional videos to figure out how to use.  Love them."
"I just wish the cap would stay on better, but other than that, really handy little tool.  Would buy it again."
Nice to have these essentials in a handy pouch - easy to find and always together - I don't lose these essentials in the bottom of the bag any more.
"I've been using the cardboard cutouts for years now, and they always piss me off. I just got my package of these in today, and I whipped out 5 pom poms within minutes, no fuss. My hands didn't even hurt afterward, and I love that I can do multi-color, block color, pretty much anything I can think of. I've also used different decorative yarns to see what I come up with. This is just fun to use, and I will never go back to cardboard cutouts again."
"I actually have never darned anything but I am so excited to try it out.  I bought both these straight needles and the curved tip ones and I have plenty of socks to practice on!  My hubby goes through socks but wears them with the holds men, huh?  :-)"
This just what I need to created great looking pom poms for my handmade children's clothing!.  I actually order a second set after receiving the first one.  Great tool to own!
"I have made pom poms wrapping yarn aroun cardboard , sometime they turned out just fine other times I didn't tighten the centre very well with the pom pom maker it turned great first time I used it. It was such a pleasure I made more than were needed"
A friend makes a lot of Pom Poms and says that there is a lot less trimming to be done using this device
Purchased for my 15 year-old daughter. Just what she wanted. She said it is just what she needed. good quality.
"Yes, you can do the same thing with a couple pieces of cardboard, but with this I don't have to futz around with threading yarn through a hole in the middle.  Just wrap, swing the arm back, tie a piece around the middle, cut, and fluff.  BOOM, pompom made in about 60 seconds.  I love these little gadgets.  Pretty nicely made too, not super el cheapo plastic.  I think this will last me pretty much forever."
"Granted, you can do the same thing with a couple cardboard circles, but this is so much quicker because you don't have to pull yarn through the hole in the center.  With this I can make a pompom in about 60 seconds, and they come out fluffy and perfect each time.  Not... this is and Extra Large... check the measurements... it makes pretty enormous pompoms!"
"I bought this particular item because of the case. The lid screws on and off, so you don't have to worry about it falling off and losing the needles."
"The needles are good, and the capsule case is handy (and keeps me from losing needles all the time).  Wish they offered a larger assortment of needles, though."
I purchased these point protectors for double point needles so I wouldn't lose stitches as I knitted. They worked fine. I wish they were a bit bigger but they did the job. They were the first ones I saw online and purchased. They worked for the purpose I had purchased them.
"I have been knitting for over 50 years and have accumulated many different kinds of helpful, and not so helpful, knitting accessories, so I consider myself an expert on accessories.  I can honestly say that this particular row counter is the best on the market and, unfortunately, hard to find.  All the other row counters that fit on the needles either come with the little wheels to change row number loose or loosen up over time, and the little ""flaps"" on the inside to hold them on the needles break off and they slide off when you finish a row.  These are the only ones I've found that the wheels stay tight, the little flaps keep them in place on your needle, and keep your row count accurately.  Having a few of these for each of your projects is a good investment."
"I know nothing of crocheting but my daughter loves it and does a great job.  This hooks were on her wish list and she was excited to receive, exclaiming ""These are some of the greatest hooks"".  I love the idea of the Amazon wishlist.  I made shopping this year a breeze."
The directions aren't very clear and I wouldn't purchase this again.  Does not work easily and I would go back to making the pom pom's with cardboard instead.
"I loved the three different sizes, allows for great versatility. Clover is always great quality too. Used for several projects and no sign of wear."
I like the container they come in. It's really easy to keep track of them and not lose them  Great buy.
"Love the needles and the carry case.  Love being able to put my hands on them without having to look for them and very portable, as I often do my work on the go."
"It was easy to learn how to use this to make Pom poms. I used white sparkly yarn to make ""indoor snowballs"" a great gift for someone in the south."
"Just Perfect! A lot of shapes and dimensions, usefull for every work. Maybe the pegs are too thin but you can easily use it."
"Oh, I wrapped yarn around my fingers, made a cardboard tool, etc etc .... However, I trimmed off less yarn with this one (saving expensive yarn = saving money), was free to set it down and do something else halfway through (unlike with fingers), and ended up with beautiful pom poms. This is a product for everyone. There's nothing I don't like about it."
i love these! I use them all the time. its also nifty to keep my darning needles and stitch holders in :) Keeps my needles organized and together!
I have bad arthritis and thanks to theese hooks I can still crochet to my hearts content and loving it
"This was a great purchase and great price, I love to crochet and have used many different hooks.  I have arthritis and these hooks help me when I want to crochet.  This set is awesome and I would highly recommend the to anyone"
"These are great for when I'm using my yarns. Big holes to put the bigger yarns in to cut, and it's really sharp so it cuts amazing! Would definitely recommend. Also comes with a necklace you can attach."
"I started out crocheting last year using Bates, bought this set as a late Christmas present to myself, and have used these 80% of the time since.  I have found that sometimes the smallest hook will fall out of the case and there is no US 7/4.5mm hook included (it is available to purchase separately), but those are the only flaws."
"I have always made pompoms using a piece of cardboard, and they always came out 'cascading' not poofy & full. This product is easy to use (once you watch a video on youtube), and makes beautiful pompoms. The instructions on the package are worthless, and the video is easy to find and simple to follow."
"This really speeds up my crewelwork.  I'm so glad I tried it.  Thanks, Clover for a really useful product. Keep up the good work!"
Nice little container for needles. I can fit a few extras in as well. I attached a cord so I can hang it from a bag.
"I love this, comes with a lot of shapes to work with a nice needle, and packs up tight! Thank you."
LOVE LOVE LOVE this!  Uses far less yarn for a very nice full pom pom than most pom pom makers.  Fast easy and beautiful pom poms in just the right sizes. Far less trimming needed therefore less yarn waste.
Excellant option for arthritic crocheters. I only wish they came color coded by size like the regular aluminum hooks do.
"I love this little thing. It keeps my needles in one place that I can actually find, which is nice."
The elastic yarn thread constantly knots while I'm using it in my knitted projects. I will not buy this again.
Makes a perfect pom-pom every time.  these are easy to use and the pom-poms turn out great.  I like having 2 sizes in the package.
this is one of the easiest ways to make a perfect pom-pom.  Anyone can do it.  It is nice to have 2 sizes in one package.
"Easy to use, fun craft.  Make sure to double up the yarn a few times when wrapping so you get nice full Pom-poms, otherwise they just aren't the same.  Great for decorations, parties, or like what I bought it for, making snowballs for an indoor snowball fight!"
"This is the answer to a prayer - I knit a lot, and this design allows easy access to both ends of the holder.  Great timesaver as opposed to the usual safety pin design.

I would like to see them in more lengths and diameters."
LOVE LOVE LOVE! This set is perfect cor taking my hooks with my anywhere. The hooks are nice and light. Comfy to use and have helped lots with sore wrists. A great buy!
Using this register for my crocheting. Helps a lot to keep track of the row I'm on and works great for a good price.
"I love crocheting with these hooks, I can crochet for hours without my hands hurting. I didn't really notice the difference until I had to go back to using a different hook & then my fingers & hand started to hurt. The Clover hooks are soft & easy to work with, I love them."
"This tool is great for making pom poms, now I don't have to buy the ones at the store. I can make my own, the sizes are perfect for what I am doing."
These are really easy to use and makes great pom poms!  The only thing I'd mention is that the two sizes are very close in scope.  You can hardly tell the difference from one to another.
"I got this set last year for Christmas, and I haven't used any other hooks since then (unless I needed a larger/smaller hook which rarely happened).  They do take a little getting used to since they are shaped different from the standard aluminum hooks.  Once you get past that they are smooth sailing.  I have minimal if any problem with splitting threads when using value yarn which happened very often with my standard hooks.  Great for the beginner or the experience crocheter, I highly recommend these hooks to anyone looking for a great tool.  Happy Hooking!!!"
"Great Pom Pom maker. I have used many of the other pom pom makers in my past, but this design is by far the best. I bought many of the other sizes too.  Very easy to use."
This pom pom maker is one of the best I've ever used.  I also bought the other sizes too & they work well also.  Very easy to use.
"The one problem with this is how wide it is.  Once the yarn is cut and you tie it off, there is a lot of room for it to shift and the pom pom often comes out wonky.  I don't have this problem with the smaller ones.  Still, I needed this size and this is better than trying to make one out of cardboard or plastic."
"Darned a few socks with the medium needle and blanket stitched a rug with the large needle. Both work great! Very sturdy, quality tapestry needles."
"The hook is very smooth: yarn slips on and off very easily. The handle is very comfortable. All in all, a great purchase!"
"I bought nearly all the sizes for the Pom Pom makers - several of the large sets for my daughters birthday party. The girls were given a set each as a party favour, but the party centered around me teaching the girls how to use them. The girls were aged between 4-8 and everyone coped well. They were easy to use and so much better than having to cut cardboard circles!"
"I bought nearly all the sizes for the Pom Pom makers - several of the large sets for my daughters birthday party. The girls were given a set each as a party favour, but the party centered around me teaching the girls how to use them. The girls were aged between 4-8 and everyone coped well. They were easy to use and so much better than having to cut cardboard circles!"
"I bought nearly all the sizes for the Pom Pom makers - several of the large sets for my daughters birthday party. The girls were given a set each as a party favour, but the party centered around me teaching the girls how to use them. The girls were aged between 4-8 and everyone coped well. They were easy to use and so much better than having to cut cardboard circles!"
"These hooks are Wonderful to work with, I have arthritis in my hands and fingers!  I can crochet for hours without pain."
"I've been looking for something like this for a while, guess I just didn't look in the right place:)  Got one with an 'open' eye for yarns??"
"I am so angry at this stupid pom pom maker right now!! It doesn't stay still, it just wobbles all over.  My poms keep falling apart because the middle pin does not allow for a tight tie around the middle.  I hate it."
I bought these to make yarn and/or paper raffia ribbon toys for my cats.  They LOVE them.  So much more inexpensive than buying cat toys.  These pom pom makers are worth their weight in gold. So easy!!!
Very handy little tool for crafts and the storage design is wonderful for utilizing minimum space.  Not a tool I use often but when I need it it is very handy to have available.
"Why spend hours trying to get pom poms the old fashioned way when you can buy these inexpensive gadgets and have them made in a fraction of the time? I love these, and although they seemed a bit shaky in terms of the way they are made, they have held together nicely. I would never go back to the old fashioned way of making pom poms."
"These are brilliant. If you've ever tried to make pom poms the old fashioned way, you'll be in awe of this easy and quick method to perfect pom poms. I'm so glad I bought this and I will keep using it for a long time. It seems like the construction is a bit iffy, but it all works swimmingly and so far I've not had any issues with it."
My little girl has taken up knitting and she borrowed one of these from a friend and got hooked.  She loved them so much I bought these for Christmas.
"Three straight tip (not bent tip) needles, nice to have. Three different sizes for different weight yarns. I have trouble finding the straight needles in metal so I was glad to find these."
"A good variety of knitting tools.  The gauge is a bit flimsy and there is no case for the needles, but there is a nice case to put all the tools in. Gives you what you need to start out or what you want to carry with you all in one place."
"I purchased this after reading the reviews which I don't understand. I tried this as soon as they arrived in the mail and started a new project. The hooks won't catch thr yarn at all!! I tried smaller hooks, bigger hooks and none in the pack work. Returned immediately."
"This is by far the best yarn threader that I have ever purchased - and trust me I buy them all the time because the little buggers are always getting lost or breaking - I do a lot of plastic canvas projects and my threaders never seem to hold up - this one has been awesome! It's sturdy, doesn't bend when I use it and is easily stored. Couldn't ask for more in a yarn threader - I will never by the ones in the hobby stores again."
This was a great buy! Im so glad I got all the sizes together when I first learned to crochet. Nothing is more annoying than wanting to start a project and not having the right sized hook. They are easy to handle and have a soft grip.
I put these hooks on my Christmas list last year and my parents were kind enough to get them for me. The shape of the handle and the slight difference in texture are really nice to work with. The only downside with this set is some of the smaller hooks tend to wanna slide out of the case. But really its not that big of a problem.
"This is a perfect place to store all my yarn and darning needles.  There is room for several more, and the top screws on nice and tight.  It fits in a pocket in my knitting needle case and is always handy."
"These hooks are lightweight, nice and smooth, perfect for picking up stitches along a knitted edge and transferring the picked up stitches to your knitting needles, as well as very nice to work with while crocheting projects.  The light weight bamboo is warm and easy on your hands, much more comfortable than the cheaper aluminum crochet hooks, though these are not what I consider expensive.  They are much smoother and easier to work with than cheap plastic hooks also."
"I had heard really good things about these Crochet hooks so I decided to take the plunge and purchase them. I ordered my first set on January 15, 2013. I have been using them religiously ever since. I love how the yarn slides so smoothly with them. I am a knife holder and I do not have any problems with them (I do have small hands). I loved them so much that I decided to buy a set for my Grandmother who is 94. She has been crocheting for most of her life. When I delivered her the hook set, she thought I was silly for purchasing them for her  after all because a crochet hook is just a crochet hook. I met up with her about a month or two after I gave them to her. I asked her what she thought about them and her eyes lit up. She absolutely loves them. She uses the pencil hold, and she also has small hands.

The only bad thing I can say about them is: Last weekend, I crocheted about 16 hours (in 2 days) and I noticed that they were rubbing on my palm below my little finger. That being said  doing anything repetitively for that long will cause some friction."
"No more messing around with cutting cardboard circles.  So easy to use, I can whip out pom poms in record time."
"No more messing around with cutting cardboard circles.  So easy to use, I can whip out pom poms in record time."
"Fantastic product.  The container is amazing, I use it to store all of my darning needles now.  I used to use plastic needles and bought this purely for the case.  But now, I realize that the metal needles are so nice!! I wish I'd bought this when I first started crocheting.  I highly recommend."
These stitch holders with double points are really helpful. Ends issues of accidentally twisting stitches when moving them from the holder back onto the main piece of work. Will definitely be getting more of these.
"I love this set.  There is a good range of hook sizes and they more comfortable to hold than the traditional crochet hooks.  I had read online that these are better for knife holders (which I am, I hold my hook like I hold my dinner knife).  The only thing I don't like is how the flap does not cover the hook in the first pocket.  It is constantly falling out!"
"This is a very reliable product. It is safe and easy to use. I just wish I didn't have to buy all of them in seperate sets. I wish they offered all them in one set, but that is a minor detail."
"I love this set! I use basically everything in it on a consistent basis (other than the needle sizer, but that's only because my needles have the sizes written on them already).
The case is perfect and fits everything in it nicely.

The only issue I had was with the case closer, after a few months, it broke and now I have to close the top like a ziploc instead of being able to use the zipper.

It's a small issue and could have been a user error so don't take it as a reason not to buy this!"
This device has made pom pom making easy as pie!!!  I can now make them whenever I want and they turn out perfect each and every time
These needles was easy to use. I am new at knitting and other crocheting. these needles I could even use. I love the case it comes with.
Very happy with this purchase!  Comfortable to use and works great!  Wish I had found this deal long before I started buying crochet hooks at all.  = )
"my wife start knitting a while ago. she has been complaining about her wrists. i did some research and bought these. she was all like ""wtf"" when she first saw them, then she started using them and was happily surprised. her wrists are much better now and she had no idea that needles like were available."
These work great for making Pom pome but it was a little confusing on how to use them at first.  I had to go find a tutorial on YouTube first.
"perfect for knitted of diferent clothes, good material, perfect sizes, excelent for your knitted accessories box.good price and easy shop."
Another product the right size to put with my crochet needles and yarn. I could place some small needles in the container.
I found this product by accident.  I ended up ordering it and am glad I did.  It makes cute flowers with lots of options.  I think its safe to say I have put flowers on everything now.
"Very smooth needles, the carrying pouch looks cheap but is actually pretty sturdy the only thing I don't like is the colors of the pouch look a little dead/dull but that doesn't affect how the needles work so I didn't let it influence my review. Overall the price is amazing and much better than going out and buying each individual needle. Very smooth no splinters."
They are great value.  They are so smooth that really is important for knitting all kids of yarn. You get all sizes.
Keeps everything in one place....at least all the tiny and sharp things!  It is a constant in my knitting box.
"All I ever used for pom-poms was cardboard circles that I had cut out.  Then I found those plastic rings; which are cool.  Then my daughter told me to get these and I love them.  I just wish I didn't feel so clumsy trying to use it.  But then again, I was clumsy with the cardboard. :)"
"What can I say? It stores darning needles safely so that they don't get lost in my crochet bag, and it does the job well."
"It makes threading large eyed yarn needles much easier. The finger and thumb grips provide a solid grip. Nice and sturdy, as well."
"Not sure if I'll ever use the flowers made with this on my cards or scrapbook pages.  Starting and ending the process doesn't seem to be ""clean"".  Normally I don't read instructions, but with this I did.  Still wasn't clear on how to tie off when finishing up a flower.  I'd keep looking . . ."
High quality darning needles - but what I love best is the case they came in.  It's easy to move around or set my crochet stuff aside and my darning needles remain safe and yet easy to find.
I recommend watching the YouTube video for the full instructions. This pom pom maker is easy and it's quick to make the pom poms.
"Did not work as represented and harder to use than standard threader.
Would not recommend to anyone.  I asked fellow quilters to try it and they agreed with me."
"The bamboo needles are so enjoyable to knit with, the yarn slides easy but not loosely. I will most likely purchase the longer set of these also. :)"
Makes making pom-poms really easy. I made over 100 for a rug and it was pretty smooth. Definitely recommend for interesting projects!
"It is much cheaper to buy this set than to buy all these Clover crochet hooks individually. They are very comfortable on the hand and I can crochet longer with these than with the old fashioned crochet hooks. The carrying case is very nice and when closed up, it is very compact."
"I ordered this for my mom and she just absolutely loves it, she made flowers everyday for like a week until she got bored. She gets bored really quick but that's her."
"I like the design and soft texture of the material, but the blades give a somewhat ragged cut to my yarn.  I guess this would be good for traveling, but for now I'll stick with my scissors."
I've been happy with this purchase of darning needles. The carrying case is very helpful to not only contain but find the needles. Quality construction. I would recommend to other knitters without reservation.
"much nicer than Boye markers, for example: thin, flexible, unobtrusive, easy to pass from one needle to the other. Colors help to mark different sections effectively. A wonderful aid in pattern knitting."
I'm pleased with the quality of clover products and it come with a nice casing. It's a good investment. I don't have to purchase separately for the needles and it cost more. Value for money set.
"I love this set, and it's a very good price.  I've tried several yarns and they all slide very nicely on these hooks' surface.  I have small hands, and the handles are a good fit.  Just check the size before continuing your project.  The hooks are all the same color. (And can I add here that I love Mikey's Crochet!)"
Love it. Wish I'd known about these type of hooks 10 years ago. A must have for every body that loves to crochet.
I love this thread to knit along with the regular yarn for extra-firmness and elasticity. I have used it in a lot of projects already and it is really invisible once you knit it.  Love it!
These arrived quickly and were everything promised. I really appreciate the case It holds them secure and makes for an easy find when needed. Great sizes too!
These are so comfortable to use and I love the carry case they come in. By far best buy for your dollar.
"I like having the set it is easy to handle, but still can not hold the needles very long when making my projects."
I always throw this in my bag just in case I decide to start a new project and don't know what size hook I will need.  It doesn't take up much space and I love the style of hook -- easy on the hand!
"Nice, easy to use on a multitude of projects, I actually ordered more for the project I am using instead of so many dangling yarn balls.  The little side slits hold the yarn in secure.  I wish I would have discovered these little holders years ago."
"Well-built, doesn't snag fiber, reasonably easy to learn to use, and very fast in regular use.  It has good clear directions on the packaging. Arrived timely and well-packed."
"I love my pom pom maker! I use it all the time! It's easy to use, comes with helpful instructions."
"I chose these hooks after reading many positive reviews. I have arthritis in my hands and holding the smaller aluminum hooks makes my hand ache. I've only worked with the G hook in this set so far, but I love it. Very lightweight and smooth. The yarn glides so smoothly over the hook and my hand doesn't get tired. For comparison purposes, I crochet holding the hook like a pencil.

A couple of things for people to consider are 1) these are shorter than the plain Bates or Boyle aluminum hooks (not a problem for me as I have small hands), and 2) they are not cushioned as I thought when I ordered them. I was sure the lack of cushioning would be a problem but it's not. The hooks are so soft, smooth and comfortable that I don't feel they need padding.

All in all, I'm very happy with these and glad i ordered them."
"I love the Hana-Ami flower loom. You can do so much with it! I've only tried it so far with yarn, but I'm sure it would work well with ribbon or raffia. I found some of the instructions a little confusing and had luck finding some tutorials online to help get started. Great for add ons to other items or to make headbands, jewelry, or barrettes."
Used by my wife for making craft projects . She was satisfied with these and they are inexpensive to buy .
I purchased this after watching a you tube video and reading other reviews. It seems to be the best one.
"I got my first Clover hook and fell head over heels for it.  When I got the set for Christmas, I was ecstatic, and I love it so much, I just ordered a set for my mother as well.  I crochet every single day for love and money, these hooks really take some of the strain off of my fingers.  They are not perfect for every project, such as a project with very tight stitches, or a project which may require having to yarn through several stitch, but for my ami projects, this is a brilliant set."
These r great easy on your hand  espeically since i have some issues with my hands  thanks for carrying these
"What's not to love.  You love bamboo versus metal, you can't beat this price.  I would buy this again as a gift."
This is a lightweight hook that stopped my hand pain when working for long periods of on a project. The hooks are shorter then other hooks but feel great to use. I wish they had hooks in this set larger than J.
"I bought these when I started to do felt crafts for my daughter and needed something that I could thread thicker thread through (wow, that was a mouthful). They really are great and I love the wee storage container they came in, makes for safe keeping and helps me to not lose them. They are easy to thread with the large eye's."
"Easy and fun craft to do. My 8 year old loves making them and collecting them. Have used them to decorate gifts, make garland and other decorations. Nice to have in your craft box."
"2 sided needles and the locking part stretches easily over both ends.  Same product that they sell at the knitting store, but a little cheaper."
"Daughters and I are learning how to knit.  I have too many things to keep track of and love this container.  I can't remember if these needles were sharp or blunted, but I picked up about 4 more needles of different sizes so I'd have a variety.  You will want both the blunt and sharp sizes."
I enjoy making all kinds of flowers. These looms give you a choice of sizes and shapes. I did have a slightly hard time holding it together for some of the combinations suggested. This one is for more advanced designs. I use my Bloom Loom more..  Birdie Gee
"Easy to use.  Had the old 'donut' style pom-pom maker which after many years of use broke.  I purchased another brand which was also a donut style & did not care for it as it was difficult to use.  The way the Clover maker is constructed, it is much easier to wind & cut the yarn making a perfect pom-pom."
"Looks a bit complicated at first glance but if you follow the instructions for getting started, it's not unlike using the larger circular looms available.  Haven't worked with it long enough to make marvelous creations but it's fun anyway!"
They are best hooks for the $. It helps if you suffer from joint pain. The price value is amazing...vs buying it individually!!
"Sturdy - holds several needles!  Lid is secure!  It has a nice  variety of needles with it, I used in knitting."
I hope she likes to make BIG pom poms - a good knitter needs good tools. This works very well.
Bought these for my own use and then my sister borrowed one and loved them so I just bought her a set!
This is the easiest way to make a Pom Pom that I have ever experienced. I have several sizes and love them all.
"This takes all the frustration and guesswork out of making yarn pom poms. Every one I make comes out exactly like it is supposed too no matter what type of yarn i am using. Very simple, just wind yarn on each half, snap together, cut ends, tie the middle and pull apart the middle of the tool."
"My daughter is a knitter, she loves these and i do too!  No needles left lying around.  She tells me they are easy to thread and do not fray her yarn."
"To be honest, I bought this for the container. The needles work perfectly well but I am most pleased with the container. All of my yarn needles fit in it, and I have quite a few of those."
"Real easy and fun to use. Removing the pom pom is simple, you don't feel like you are all thumbs. Makes a perfect large pom pom."
It's always great to have these point protectors when I have to stop knitting - they keep the yarn from slipping off the needles.  Thanks!
"I guess the item description was not clear enough for me to fully understand what these were like. They did not serve the purpose I needed. I haven't been able to use them. I wanted makers for crochet, and bought a knitting supply item that will not convert to crochet.

If I knitted I guess they might work, but I don't so I have no idea. ;)"
Stitch markers - what is there to say about them?  They work.  They do the job I need doing.  I like that there are two sizes and two colors of each.
"I think this is a great set.  I don't really like the padlock like stitch markers, but all the rest of the items are great!  I love the knitting needle pointers, I had never used those before.  When I'm working on my knitting and I want to make sure the knitting doesn't fall off the needles during movement, I put the pointers on.  The yarn needle that is curved is really helpful when I'm trying to weave in ends.  I use the stitch holders to help me untangle my socks when I'm knitting them. I am using two circular sets to knit in the round, and I sometimes grab the wrong needle to knit and get three sides on one set (oops).  I enjoy this set, and it's very nice to have all the items together in one pouch."
"I got the these and the large size and tried to use both following the very meager instructions given on the back.  I wasn't able to cut the yarn evenly and the pieces wouldn't stay in the device.  When I tried to tie some thread around them, the tops were caught in the crack and didn't stay put long enough to tie them correctly.  Of course, this could all be due to ""operator error"" and not the fault of the devices, but I wish the instructions were more complete and offered some tips on how best to use them.  I would send them back but the postage would probably be almost as much as I paid for them.  Hope someone at Goodwill will enjoy them."
These are so great.  The work well.  The sizes was exactly what I needed and the little tube container works well in keeping them safe and together and easy to find.
I like these much better than the old flat ones; these don't scratch my fingers.  And they still move easily on needle.
"it was quite large, bigger than expected so I had to get another one in L size. Otherwise, it is a handy pom pom tool, my favourite one by far!"
"My brother bought these hooks for me for my birthday, and I am really enjoying them.  They slide through the yarn easily and are very comfortable in the hand.  The handles are not ""squooshy"" soft, so I can maintain good control of the hook while crocheting.  I haven't had these hooks snag or drag on yarn yet. And the case is a nice little bonus for keeping them all together.

I will mention that they are all in fact the same color, so I do occasionally have to check twice I have the right hook.  I'm used to doing this, as I have another set (different brand) that is the same way, but I can see how that could be annoying to some.  These are also fairly short hooks.  Like so many handled hooks, the neck of the hook is fairly short, so depending how many loops you need to hold on there, these may or may not work if you have a project with a lot of decreases.

Other note:  this set only includes the ""traditional"" lettered sizes (C, D, E, F, G, H, I, and J), so if you are looking for the #7 4.5 mm hook, it won't be in there.  I haven't found this to be an issue, but thought I would mention that."
I bought these crochethooks to use on long flights but they are much inferior to Clover soft toutch hooks with aluminium hook ends.
"Really did not like it, hard to use and really have not used it since I bought it so gave it to my 11 year old niece"
"love this uses this for my looming, it arrived in time packaging was good, really appreciate item and have shred it with family, friends and co-workers"
This is big enough to hold all of my needles no matter how big it is. Keeps all of them in one safe place.
"There are many cute stitch holders on the market but they often become tangled in my knitting. These are just right, slide along the needle easily and do not create any added work to my knitting."
"Before these, I was just using the largest needle I could find, and let me tell you it is HARD to thread a needle with yarn! Best buy all year!"
This works so easy. So much better than the old design and faster. But this and you will like how easy it is to work with
THESE HOOKS ARE EASY TO HOLD AND DON'T SIDE IN YOUR HAND.  THEIR SLICK AND SLIGHTLY POINTED SO THEY SLIDE INTO YOUR STITCHES EASILY.  A LITTLE PRICY IS THE ONLY BAD THING I CAN SAY ABOUT THEM.
Love the variety of needles and I absolutely LOVE the container no more lost needles! Very happy with this purchase!
"SOOOOO much fun!!!!
all sizes!
the pom poms are cute and really perfect.  takes not time and no STUPID cardboard cut outs!!!
great tutorials on youtube if curious"
"SOOOOO much fun!!!!
all sizes!
the pom poms are cute and really perfect.  takes not time and no STUPID cardboard cut outs!!!
great tutorials on youtube if curious"
"SOOOOO much fun!!!!
all sizes!
the pom poms are cute and really perfect.  takes not time and no STUPID cardboard cut outs!!!
great tutorials on youtube if curious"
"I just started knitting and had purchased a few things separately before purchasing this kit. I wish I bought this to begin with. I use the point protectors, darning needle, and row markers all the time. All of my needles have their gauge written on them so the gauge chart isn't really useful but the three things I use regularly more than make up the price of this kit. I love the little clear baggie that everything comes in too. It is convenient and you can see what is in it without opening it up."
Nice little kit to keep in your knitting bag. Some of the things are a bit flimsy but it's cheap and handy.
"Amongst Our Families and Friends are included those who are talented with the arts utilizing Knitting Needles for not only their relaxed enjoyment of producing nicely designed durable items for gift giving and their personal use but also for gift-giving, and they have found it nicely supporting to use thee Point Protectors for protection of their prized Needles and that of the other household members, and also the Stoppers to assist them when they need to be dstracted by needed multi-tasking which many of us have to do in our various lives, and this package nicely takes care of both multi-needs, with good pricing, shipping and customer support by Amazon. Thank you, Amazon. Blessings."
This set has a good selection of handy tools to help whenever you are knitting.  I like the handy pouch container
"Description says it's supposed to fit 0 to 10.5 needles, but it doesn't even fit a size 8 needle (Boye), so I cannot imagine how it'll fit sizes larger than 8. You can put it on the needle, but it pops right off if anything touches it. I pushed it in really tight, but it still came off when I put it in my basket and just occasionally open it to take other stuff out - it's not like I'm putting it to hard use.

Would not recommend. It's small and didn't cost that much, otherwise I would return it."
This is great for keeping and transporting my darning needles. I make prayer shawls so I am always carrying them to different prayer shawl meetings and never know when I will need a needle.
Gave this a 4 rating because it was a little bit difficult for me to make into a pom pom after I  had the yarn all wound. Believe it is more me than the product because I do have arthritis.  It is a good invention to make pom pom easier.
"In spite of the fact I keep swearing I will get a little case for my crochet hooks and notions, I never seem to get around to it, as I don't want to add another lumpy object to the bag I keep my projects in.  So I tend to end up with a Ziploc baggie with extra hooks and bits and scraps in it.

As you can imagine, that doesn't work out well with yarn needles unless you keep the original packaging envelope they came with, which is a pain to deal with.

I liked the needles that came with this for finishing off my projects, but even better was the little case for the needles.  Easy to find and fish out of the bottom of my bag, too big to be easily lost, but compact enough to not get in the way in there.  Even more important, no rough edges that snag on my projects.  Additionally, you could fit several more needles or even some small notions like buttons in that case.

This was a great little purchase that I am very happy with."
"Clover is a great brand. This product is no exception. Nice durable plastic and it gets the job done.

I wrote a post on my blog about 6 different ways to make pom-poms. You can make them with card board, paint swatches, your hands and more but this is a sure shot every time. You know what size your pom pom is going to be without any guess work. Love that.

I have had my Clover pom pom maker for over 3 years. I teach loom knitting and I make hats for charity. I've gotten a lot of good out of an investment under $10.

I have also used the small size pom pom maker for a few baby projects:&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Clover-Small-Pom-Pom-Maker/dp/B0019KACTE/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Clover Small Pom Pom Maker</a>&nbsp;... LoomaHat"
Perfect is all you can say about this product. Great quality I have used them almost every day. You won't regret the purchase.
These are the best hooks I have ever bought.  I wasn't sure at first but once I got to hookin' with them I won't use my old hooks anymore :)
"I purchased this as an add-on item. I was quite familiar with the product, but it's not something I would have normally I purchased. However, it's a convenient item.  A great way to store my yarn needles so I don't have to be looking around for them."
This elastic yarn was easy to use and worked great in the ribbed baby leggings I was making. It's amazing how a little of this stuff goes a long way!
"I bought the Pom Pom Makers as a gift for my sister who knits. She immediately started making Pom Poms upon opening the package. She said the directions are a little confusing on the back, but a quick YouTube search fixed that. The product was easy to use, and the device functioned as advertised.

The Poms came out nice and secure and they didn't come apart even when we threw them around the room. The larger device creates Poms about the size of a tennis ball and they do require a decent amount of yarn to create.

Overall, very happy with the speed of delivery and the Poms are super fun. I would buy the smaller Pom Pom Makers for her as well."
The little screw-top container is very handy and holds more needles than the three that come with it.  I love the big darning needle for putting knitted pieces together!
"Highly recommended, this tool makes beautiful Pom Poms. They are so quick and easy to make. I enjoy this tool."
These are great... there is no unhooking of the ring markers on you like so many of the other ones these are great...
then again i knew it would hence the reason i ordered it and this needs 8 more words so here
I think this little kit is great. It has all the things I need for knitting or crocheting. I keep it with my yarn all the time.
"It is a perfect little accessory kit for the knitter who puts different things all over and has to hunt them down.
I would have like a slightly larger ziplock  bag so that I could add a scissor."
I purchased this set of needles thinking the case would be really handy and it has turned out great! They stay in my little knitting bag conveniently ready for next use.
Has what you need to do the deed. Compact and  see-thru so you know whats inside at a glance it really is a great tool to add to your yarn bag.
"I like these simply because you can use the color difference to decide which is your working needle when you have to stop in the middle of your work with half work on each needle.  When you do the knit and purl stitches in the same pattern, or other fancy stitches sometimes its hard to tell which way you're going.  Suggestion - use the red protector for the 'work from' needle and the blue/green for the 'work to' needle.  Other than that, it's good to always put protectors on whenever you have to lay the knitting down or you risk your work sliding off the needle."
I got these for my MIL and she loves them as her hands were getting tired w/the regular hooks and these are so much better than using grip tubes!  I just had to get a set for my SIL as well!
"VERY EASY TO CROCHET WITH, SAVES MY HANDS FROM HURTING SO MUCH.
A MUST HAVE PRODUCT FOR PEOPLE WITH ARTHRITIS IN THIER HANDS."
"These point protectors are different from the classic cone-shaped ones typically sold in stores. So if you're bored with your knitting tools, buy these."
"According to my mommy, this is the best crochet hooks she ever used! I just bought some more hooks to her from other sizes. The case is very nice to keep the hooks safe."
I bought this kit for my daughter for Christmas.  She's recently gotten into knitting and she uses all the products in the set. Very good value.
"This loom is basically exactly what it looks like / claims it is.
There is the base where the loom pieces fit into so that you have a steady piece to hold onto and work with (also makes it handy for when you want to use two sizes together as you can attach one of the larger pieces and smaller ones at the same time).

The directions for a basic flower are easy to follow, though this loom has plenty of uses beyond that.  I provided a picture showing how I made two different flowers.  Once was made looping wire around the loom and then wrapping the center with yarn,  the other is just yarn woven on the loom.  You could knit on it though there are no notches on the pegs to hold the yarn so it'd not be the ideal loom for that.  Searching online will find you much better directions than the simple short ones than come with it.

If there is a negative to this, it's that the plastic needle seems a bit flimsy.  It has taken my abuse so far, but I do keep worrying that I am going to break it.  I'll likely replace it with a metal one.

The plastic dome cover keeps everything together nicely.  I'm definitely not sorry that I bought it."
I got it for my 9 year old grand daughter and she loved it!!  It was a Christmas present and she was very happy to receive it. :>)
I wrote a review for the small pom pom maker and the same goes for this one.  Very easy to do - even for a klutz like me.  And the pom poms actually look like pom poms.  Very fun and my Grandchildren enjoyed helping me make them.
At last - a decent looking pom pom.  I was trying to make a pom pom for the end of a sock hat that I knitted.  I kept losing my wrapped thread and would end up with little bits of yarn all over.  The pom pom maker make it a breeze and the pom pom was very cute.
"I spend at least 15-20 minutes trying to thread yarn into needles for quilting....this yard threader is my life saver!  I
am so pleased, I can thread my needles in seconds, and I experience zero frustration now!  So glad I found this to order.  Great product and a must have for every quilter!"
"I plan to use these for lace and beading - hook sizes are: 0/1.75mm, 2/1.50mm, 4/1.25mm, 6/1.00mm, 8/0.90mm, 10/0.75mm, 12/0.60mm & 14/0.50mm which easily fits right through a size 11 seed bead (perfect for adding tiny beads to cobweb weight knitting).

The hooks are perfectly smooth, the handles are soft with clearly marked sizes.  Most impressive are the caps - they're not just tubes of plastic, they fit firmly and have a solid end so if you bump them, it won't collapse or crack.  These are proper protection for your fine hooks. (I'll try to add a photo but I'm new to this so we'll see....)

The case is a pleasant surprise - the stitching and binding are high quality, and overall the size is smaller than I'd anticipated (a good thing if you like to take projects on travels).  The case fastens quickly with a metal fastener and the fabric is a sturdy canvas.  There's also a sharp pair of scissors, a couple of darning needles, and space in the zippered pocket for a few more notions. Overall this is an impeccable tool set.

I didn't crochet when I visited the Tulip needle factory in Japan (where these hooks are made) but I was impressed with how open they were and how proud the employees were to make quality needles.  I'm very happy that I can buy these in the US and already saving up for the set of larger size hooks."
I cannot saying enough good about these awesome crochet fine hooks!!! They are the most comfortable hooks I've ever crocheted with!! So smooth a must for anyone that crotchets dollies! I will never use another hook again but these n comes in an great n handy case!!! ;0)
"These hooks are wonderful! I had been using the Boye hooks from walmart because I am a beginner. Let me tell you, these things rock! I could not imagine the hook could make such a difference! I like to make dishcloths and these are fabulous with cotton yard. I only gave it 4 stars because the hook could be a tad longer. I have a hard time with puff stitches and similar stitches fitting on the hook. Otherwise, get these babies, you won't be disappointed! OH one more drawback is the case. The C hook always falls out because it isn't covered with the flap, so be sure you don't lose it somewhere!"
I haven't used this set yet but I'm pretty sure I'll love the results. I bought the smaller ones with the large and they are very easy to use. They are also storage friendly.
This item is easy to use and very storage friendly. I just wish I learned of it earlier before I bought my wooden pom pom maker.
"Love, love, love these hooks.  The are smooth and the tips are just right for delicate crochet patterns.  The handle portion is very comfortable to crochet with and no problems with arthritis when using these hooks. . . even the smallest one!"
"I have not used these yet, but they arrived in a timely fashion. And I trust anything market under the Clover label. And I am certain that I will not be disappointed with this order.
Hannah Lynn White"
"I have not used these yet , but anything from Clover goes to the top of my list. They make wonderful products for the knitter or crocheter.
Hannah Lynn White"
"I haven't had the chance to use the needles as yet, but they appear to be just what I wanted, so are probably extremely capable and great to work with I'm sure--I love the little container since it keeps them safely together and easy to locate--I have a ton of crafting and sewing supplies so having a way to keep any of them neatly and safely organized is such a blessing--and, the little container for the darning needles is perfect!"
I am SO happy with this product. I literally got it for half the price when compared to i t being sold at JoAnns. I love JoAnns but i almost don't ever go there to buy stuff unless I have a coupon. I also love Clover products but definitely out of my price range without the coupon. I'm glad I was able to get it on amazon and it came in fast!
"I started out doing Pom-poms the old fashioned way.  I had to make 40 so I bought this tool. It went much faster. Just a tip, the more yarn you wind, the bigger the Pom-Pom."
"I had a difficult time figuring out how to use this for a crocheted item and ended up wasting a lot of it in the attempt.  I now understand that I have to tie the card that the spool comes on to something about 4 feet away from me so that it is stretched out as I use it.  I found it difficult to maintain an even tension, but my item did come out feeling like it had some elasticiity."
As a knitter you need to have all your tools together and easy to access at a moments notice.  This is one of the best ways to have everything in one spot.
"This is a nice little set of hooks, a tad short in length but generally comfortable. They are very light in feel thus making them feel ""cheap""."
"I love how this tool is very versatile and adjustable. It is plastic but solid, the bars are a tad flimsy but I believe they will hold up very well under use."
"i've never made poms before i discovered this! Its very easy to use. thinking several reasons to make them, lol."
This is a great item.  Works wonderfully.  It arrived quickly and was in great shape.  Couldn't be more pleased with my purchase.
This is a great item.  Works wonderfully.  It arrived quickly and was in great shape.  Couldn't be more pleased with my purchase.
"Size was great for my project on size 11 needles, however, they didn't slide along needle quite as easily as my hard plastic rings.  Just a bit of inconvenience."
"I put it in all of my travelling craft bags.  It has everything you'll need except for something to cut yarn.  I have purchased many many of these.  The tapestry needle they use is no Bryson bent-tip, but it is good enough to use without going crazy.  It is my backup when I can't find my Bryson"
"It takes a little skill to figure out how to make pom poms with this item, but with some practice, the pom poms come out really well.  Crafters, knitters, sewers will all appreciate this item.  Well worth the money."
"I am SO impressed with this item, I can't think of enough superlatives.  The instructions are not great, but it's an easy item to use and I have been able to make a dizzying variety of flowers, leaves and other shapes.  Wonderful tool for the crafter or knitter."
I love to crochet doilies and this is a great crochet hook set for that. I hook glides very nicely through yarn. The scissors with the set are very sharp so it cuts yarn great and the ruler is very sturdy. Not to mention that all the hooks have plastic protectors. If you are looking for small sized crochet hooks and are on the eager I would say go for it!
"When I finish a piece of knitting, I always need to weave the loose ends into the stitches.  Formerly, I have used plastic needles, which often snagged the wool.  Now, I have found the perfect finishing needles for my knitting - these Clover Darning Needles in the Chibi tube.  Thus, I always have my darning needles for whatever thread thickness I'm using, and the tube allows me to take my needles with me when I travel.  Wonderful tools!"
"Have wanted one of these for many years, finally found one to purchase.  Love it, ""flowers"" work up very fast."
Nice little place to keep all knitting/crocheting needles.  It has enough room to hold your entire collection of finishing needles
"I gave this set to an excellent knitter/crocheter and she was quite happy with it. I think a larger set with more pieces would be nice, especially for the seasoned craft person, but this set was nice and ""as advertised""."
A handy little kit at a nice price. It has all the things that a knitter needs to start out with & comes in a convenient pouch so it all stays together in my knitting basket.
"Never used bamboo needles before, but heard they were the best type to use for the new ruffled scarves.  This set makes each pair of needles less expensive, and the case provides attractive, organized storage.  I'm really enjoying these bamboo needles."
too tiny couldn't think of what you could possibly use those for so I returned them and had no problems
"This is a very nice set of crochet hooks that are quite comfortable to use. The price seems high, however."
These needles are very smooth and glide through the fabrics very well.  I would recommend them.  The case is great too.
"OK, this is pretty basic, but it's very useful.  I was always losing my tapestry needles, but with this, I don't lose them.  It holds several additional needles, which is great because I have some of the large plastic needles that I like to keep in my knitting bag.  I just attached the chibi to my accessory bag so it's easy to find."
The instructions are not very good on this product.  The print is so small and they try to put  so many different languages on the instructions sheet it makes the pictures real small.
"I am fairly new to knitting.  I have always used the aluminum needles found at local discount stores.  That was until I enrolled in a knitting class and used the instructors bamboo needles.  Oh my!  I always had trouble with my stitches slipping off the needle when I used the aluminum ones.  These bamboo needles stopped that and offered me control of my yarn, but still had a slick surface in which my yarn moved easily.  Because I am a new knitter, I am not very fast, so these needles work for me.  I can say that if you are an experienced knitted that moves quickly, these may note be your needle of choice.  BUt for a beginner, I think these are must haves.  And to have all of the larger size needles in one kit is a plus.  (I actually have started collecting he smaller ones individually as patterns require them, and will get the empty storage case to put them in as they accumulate."
"This tool is simple to use and makes beautiful pom poms!  As another reviewer suggested, I watched the Youtube video and never even read the directions.  Make sure you use really sharp scissors for a symmetrical result.  My first one turned out even better than the one in the video!  Great product, great price, and it arrived in two days with super saver shipping!"
I must say this tool is really great. It surley beats the old fashion cardboard way of doing it. Made a full pom pom in less then 2 minutes. A + that it also comes with 2 sizes.
"If I were reveiwing the hooks only, I'd give them a 4 - with the note that I wish they were a little longer.  It's the first time I've used this type of hook and it does feel good in my hand.

The case however, is a bit of a disappointment - the flap that covers the hooks to keep them from falling out doesn't cover the smallest hook (C I think) and I've already lost it twice in my crochet bag."
I love this pom pom maker! These are the perfect size! Easy to do and useful for a lot of projects. Also generally cheaper than they are in craft stores!
I love this color .Will be easy to see in my bag. it is easy to get the needles out of.
These are the best hooks on the market as far as I am concerned....these are great if you have arthritis or get hand fatigue easily. The bonus is the organizer storage soft case. I purchased these for a friend as I have had them for years and love them.
"The included directions SUCK.  Watch a youtube video on how to use this pom pom maker.  Once you start making pom poms with this gadget, you easily become addicted.  Mixing colors and orientation of the colors as you spin the yarn is super fun and super easy.  I'm glad I bought this and I have already recommended it to other teachers, friends and family.  Well worth the money."
"I like the thinness of these markers. I have tried others and the newer ""split"" markers.  They either left a mark between my stitches or kept getting caught on the yarn."
come as it says it will and works great with everything I have been working on. love it love it and yes if u need it get this one!
"this is a very useful and excellent starter kit, go it and been using it since. I can only say I really love it!"
"This Clover Chibi needle case comes with three darning needles (great for tapestry and cross stitch as well as darning) and has room for plenty more.

The screw top doesn't come open in my needlework kit or in my pocket, and it doesn't take up a lot of room. I'm really happy with it."
I recently got into knitting and I bought this kit mainly for the needle tips/stoppers. I've now made use of all but one of the items in this kit! (The one I haven't used yet are stitch markers but I haven't gotten to anything complicated enough to need them.) Super useful and now I can't imagine knitting without it!
I love these pom pom makers! So much easier than making pom poms by hand!! Wish I would have bought this years ago. Very easy to use!
"Needed some stitch holders for a sweater I'm working on, and these did the job well. Kept it together through repeated trips being tossed in the purse, and are a super cute color to boot."
I really like these crochet hooks. Use them with all my projects. Since i have become a senior i have trouble using regular hooks because my thumbs go to sleep but don't have the same problem when using hese.
i bought all the sizes offered by Clover these work awesome and make nice puffy pom poms!  definately a good craft investment
i bought all the sizes Clover makes for these pom pom makers.  they are the easiest pom pom makers i have found so far!
"these make perfect pom poms and are super easy to use!
i bought all the sizes so i have the options to have the right sized pom pom on any given project"
"I am returning to knitting after a 40-year hiatus (as a beginner) so I decided to start with scarves.  I have my late mother's set of plastic circular needles but I wasn't crazy about them.  I saw a similar set by Boye on Amazon so I used that for awhile. I've recently become interested in ribbon yarn but couldn't keep it on the plastic or aluminum needles.  I happened to see this Clover set on Amazon and decided to order it since bamboo needles seem so popular.  WHAT A DIFFERENCE!!!  These needles are so smooth and I love that the size is carved into the needle.  I have used several of the sizes in this handy compact travel kit and really find the quality is superb.  I did have to buy a separate pair of #7's but that's no problem because I saved so much money buying this set.  Very well made; comfortable in my hands.  The pink velcro case is a plus! Thanks, Clover and Amazon!"
on a scale of 1-10 its a 9 1/2. really beats doing it by hand. they all come out even/ same size
"Due to my age my hands, and above all my fingers, get tired using common hooks. These are soft and the proper size to my hands. I love them. I am intending buy another one in different sizes of hooks."
"Very useful tool, I wanted to make a dolls hair, I think I going to be perfect, I have not try it yet."
"The flat shaft has been somewhat difficult to get used to.  I do like the weight and length of the hook.  The roll-up design for storage is really good, fits nicely in  both my yarn box and in my travel case."
This kit is everything a new knitter needs. The stitch markers alone are worth the purchase. I love having everything together and organized. Small enough to tuck away under my coffee table and not be an eye sore. Well worth every penny which weren't many.
"I have always threaded my tapestry needles by hand when I crochet, but I saw this threader and decided to try it.  It met my expectations and makes threading the needle a snap.  I was afraid that this would not be very sturdy, but it has held up well so far.  I only gave this 4 stars, because it is more difficult to use with bulkier yarn or when crocheting with two strands of yarn.  I keep this one for worsted weight or lighter yarn, and it is a great tool!"
"I love the case, but I thought the grips would be softer for the price. They are just hard plastic with a small rubber grip in the center. But overall, I give it 4 out of 5 because they are more comfortable than regular hooks."
"I bought it for my mother mostly for the handy container it comes in. It was cute and cheap, but definitely gets the job done."
"If you are a 1st timer crocheting or an expert then you will find that these crochet hooks were so  well worth the money.  If you had to buy them at a craft store thsy can cost aleast double.  They are light in weight and the grip is soft .  they slide when crocheting and if I had to buy a gift for another chocheter I would buy them a set of these hooks.  The case could have been a liitl wider on top , otherwise they are great."
"These tools take some getting used to, but once you get the hang of it, it helps you make multiple matching pompoms relatively quickly."
"These hooks are nice, The yarn glides off easy so, you have nice smooth stitches . the hook is a little short cause of the handle.
the case i don't like cause the end hooks slide out if your not careful . But all in all i say these are nice hooks to purchase cause of the grip handle."
"There is nothing more frustrating than having the point protector slip off the needle resulting in several rows of knitting lost.  These point protectors stay secure, fit easily in the pocket of the kinitting bag, and are easy to spot in the bright colors.  Love them."
"All I had before this were some cheap plastic needles that came with kits. I decided I needed some actual metal needles, and these fit the bill perfectly. You get three different sizes, so you should be pretty much covered for different projects and yarns. And the case is fantastic for keeping them from getting lost and just being hard to find. And there is room in it for additional needles as well. I put my cheapo plastics in there and they all fit comfortably."
"After using the regular crochet hooks for so many years, I was happy to come accross these. They are very comfortable to hold and glide through the stitches. I recommend these to anyone who crochets and especially those who have Arthritis which ease the tension of grasping on to regular hooks. Love the Clover Getaway and, I just may buy an additional set for back-up."
I kept losing my needles because they would fall out of my bag or slide into a seam I was so relieved to find a small container that they fit in and not get lost for my crocheting and the needles are great too.
I LIKE THIS KIT BECAUSE I AM A LOVER OF THE CROCHET NEEDLES.  FILL ALL MY EXPECTATIONS AND I SHARE IT WITH OTHERS.
I AM A LOVER OF THE KNITTING AND ALL THE ACCESORIES NEEDED TO WORK .  FILL ALL MY EXPECTATION. I SHARE IT WITH OTHERS.
I AM VERY HAPPY WITH THIS PRODUCT.  I DOT KNOW HOW TO MAKE A POM POM AND WITH THIS PIECE I DO VERY FAST AND BEAUTIFUL POM POM.  I SHARE IT WITH OTHERS
"Would not recommend it to anyone, the yarn will not stay on the pegs....no knobs...instruction  not good either. Stick with the other looms that are sturdier and easier to use."
With the shaped handel it is much easier to crochet and my hand does not cramp. I have artheritis so these are wonderful!
"Do you need this contraption? Probably not. Will you love it? Totally!
It's quick, fun, and makes beautiful, fat, fluffy pom-poms.

After reading the instructions, I was still a little confused, because I had never seen one of these before. So I looked it up on YouTube, and instantly ""got it"". Easy and fun."
"While I'm not really a fan of the color/decoration of the case, I really like having all these hooks together in one place (provided I remember to put them back!). After buying several Clover Soft Touch Crochet Hooks as singles, I decided to get this set to replace/supplement my other hooks. The Soft Touch Crochet Hooks are very nice to work with. Metal hooks (without the Soft Touch handle) can be hard on the hands, and plastic hooks, while having a little flex that is better for hands, can also be less sturdy -- while teaching a friend to crochet, he snapped a plastic one in half! (We replaced his hook with a single Soft Touch hook).

I have had no problems with the Soft Touch hooks; they are my favorite to work with (I haven't used any of my other hooks since!) It's really nice they come as a set (and I think it is even cheaper to buy them this way). Despite not really liking the appearance of the case, it does it's job keeping the hooks together, with a flap to prevent them from sliding out the top. I highly recommend!"
"I have rheumatoid arthritis and these hooks are amazing! I find that I can crochet not only faster, but for longer periods of time with these hooks.
In addition, the hook, neck and shank are super smooth and my stitches come out very neat and uniform.
Wonderful product!"
It's a nice little beginners set. The stich counter is a nice weight but the stich holders seem quite light.
I am just learning how to knit and am really happy I bought this set! The point protectors are great because I can stop and take a break without losing my progress and I like the needle gauge because it has the US sizes as well as the metric sizes so I can make sure I am using the right needle for a project. The price was great and it came right on time. I would definately recommend this set to beginners and people who have been knitting for a while!
These Crochet hooks are very comfortable to work with. I would say these are definitely my favorite crochet hooks. I would like to get another set but in a larger size not sure if they're available.  I would highly recommend these crochet hooks.
"The quality, variety of sizes, and packaging are an A plus

Very pleased with this purchase.

I forgot to mention the GREAT price."
"This is bright and made of durable plastic which makes it easy to find in a bag full of knitting supplies. It has a screw on/off top so that it will not come undone if jostled in a bag. It also has room for extra needles.

The large tapestry needle is easy to work with and has threaded even my fattest yarns so far (lion brand homespun). Really glad that I purchased this product as it keeps my needles in order and I haven't lost one yet!"
I am very pleased with  these crochet hooks.  The case is a good way to keep the hooks all in 1 place.
I needed a container for needles in my knitting bag.  This isn't art - and there is art available for this purpose - but it works.
This was a great buy. I always had pain when crocheting with my older hooks. These have elevated much of that problem. The yarn slides easily on the hook making it much easier to work the stitches.
"The thing it comes in is great, and the needles themselves are high quality. The biggest one has a nice weight to it."
"Just received this set yesterday, but I am pleased with the purchase.  As has been noted in the reviews, the hooks have a nice finish which allows them to glide smoothly through the yarn.  Others had also commented that they use a larger hook because they crochet tightly.  With that in mind, last night I used the H hook from this set to finish a blanket that was 90% completed with a Boye I hook. The Clover H worked just fine; no difference in the stitches.

I have large hands, and noticed that some reviewers complained that if they use the ""knife"" hold these hooks feel short, with the end pressing into the palm of the hand. Others said the hooks work better if you use the ""pencil"" hold.  I'm a knife holder, but noticed that I just hold the hook with my thumb and first two fingers, so the length was no problem for me.  I tried the pencil hold, and that worked well also, but was awkward just because I don't normally crochet that way.  Hey, I'm learning a new skill...bonus!

If I had one concern about this product, it would be about the case.  The flap on the inside of the case does not cover the smallest hook on the end at all.  Also, with the curvature of the case around the bottom of the hook at that corner, I don't feel this smallest hook is seated as tightly in the pocket either.  Since this complaint is about the case - not the hooks - isn't worth dropping the rating by a star, but I will be careful to close the case tightly to prevent that last hook from slipping out and getting lost. The fabric of the case is sturdy, bright and pretty."
An easy to use and super quick pom pom maker that delivers beautiful poms poms each and every time. Highly recommended for those who love to make pom poms for seemingly no reason other than because it's fun to have little fluffy balls of yarn.
"This elastic thread was supposed to be knitted along with your yarn, so before I review it, I'd like to clarify that I used the thread AFTER I already knitted.  I knitted some socks and hoped the ribbing would hold the socks up, and when that failed, an experienced knitter recommended that I weave this thread into the socks with a tapestry needle.  Perhaps it's because I didn't use it the proper way (knitting the thread into the socks initially), but I felt like this thread wasn't strong enough, and though it made my socks more elastic, I could hear the thread breaking when the socks were stretched.  I'm a little worried about washing these socks in the washer now, might try hand washing due to the thread's delicate condition. Maybe I misused this product, generally this brand (clover) offers high quality items."
"These hooks are smooth, light and using and fit well in the hand,  I don't know how I ever lived without them"
"I ordered this in hopes of learning how to make pom poms for the hats I knit, I have made several and it seems I cain't get the join tight enough for the pom pom to stay together, will have to try something else"
Fast service.  The product was all new and gave me more items for the money than if I had ordered them seperately.
This is exaclty what I needed. It shipped quickly and arrived well packaged. Will use it for a long time to come.
"The instructions are a little unclear, but it didn't take long to figure it out and to start making pom poms.  I used the large one to make the ""ears"" for a bear hat that I had made for my grandson.  Really cute!  Recommend."
I bought these for my daughter and they are wonderful and very well made.  I would recommend these to anyone!  Nice case also!
I have one in each craft/kitting bag.  I add scissors and waste yarn for a complete tool kit.  Highly recommend.
I love the ergo handles - much easier on arthritus with larger handles than standard crochet needles. i gave it a 4 star becasue the pouch flap on the left side doesn't cover the smallest needle so potential for it to fall out but still very nice set and I love it!  The price was very good too for the set plus pouch.
I don't use this anymore because it has gotten really tiring I will never buy these again becuse I really have no use for them anymore.
Very happy with these no more sore hands and are just great to use and give a perfect finished product
"I really enjoy this, it keeps all of my needles in a nice safe spot, no longer are they lost & shuffled about inside my notions box."
"I work with sequins and small bead work and the thread is
really thin.  This is the only threader that lasted over a years
time threading 4 needles a day."
"This is the first time I tried the store-bought hooks with handles. This definitely works better than my homemade version. I love that all the hooks I need are in one purse-size, folding pouch. My oversize purse was a black hole for crochet hooks. Now I just look for the bright colors and, voila, I have my hooks at hand."
"I guess I was expecting something else, The design is good but the metal sticks are too short. I flip my crochet hook through to the back before I turn and it hits the plastic at the top."
"I love these, and especially love the case they come in.  Sometimes I forget it's a twist off cap and try to pop it off.  But nothing's wrong with that.  Actually, I think that would mean they're even more secure inside and not likely to get lost."
"This is the best deal on one of my favorite nerdy crafty tools - these things have got me addicted to making pom poms! They're easy and fun to use once you get the hang of it and were the highlight of my 2012 Christmas DIY throwdown. Seriously, there is something oddly satisfying and addicting about the feeling of unfolding the plastic halves and popping out a fluffy ball of funness.

I brought them with me while visiting my family for the holidays and my siblings were equally ecstatic. I have nine younger brothers and sisters and even the 6 y/o was able to make one. (She needed help cutting sometimes, but enjoyed wrapping the yarn.) We ended up ordering more and used them as part of the crafting at the kids' annual Christmas parties. For being made of (mostly) plastic, these have held up exceptionally well - haven't had any break on us!

Highly recommend! (Be sure to experiment with different yarns - solid, multicolored, different textures - the really soft, fluffy stuff produced some of our faves! Fun, fun.)"
"I like the fact that they come in several sizes in one container. I don't know what I'm doing wrong, but the needles rust. Like around the hole. I had to sand it with the sandpaper. It is now better but I've used other needles that didn't do that.... Weird"
"I have been crocheting for many years and bought an 'H' Clover hook about a year ago and loved it so much that I found myself purposely finding projects that required an 'H' hook. I have small hands, use the knife hold, and it works perfectly for me. (I have used a bamboo hook and don't like it because it feels too big and lengthy but it would be great for someone with large hands.) I was given a gift card for my birthday so I just placed an order for this set and can't wait to get it!"
"I bought this Clover Small Pom Pom Maker and have tried and tried to make poms. Maybe I am still doing it wrong, but this little thing is not helping me."
"So far, these hooks have worked out great for my carpal tunnel. I use the ""dainty grip,"" and have had some issues from over gripping. The shape of these hooks makes it so much easier to grip. The shaft is shorter than I'm used to, but I haven't had any problems. I do have pretty small hands though."
Ordered it to have somewhat of a starting kit to learn crochet. This offered a compact group of items. Great so far.
"These kept slipping off my needle and didn't fit well, unlike the coil holders that conformed to the needle.  I wouldn't buy them again."
FANTASTIC product.  The hooks have eased the strain on my hands.  Pocket keeps hooks organized and makes it easy to find the tools whenever needed.
I really like these crochet hooks.  They are very comfortable to crochet with.  The holder is very nice and keeps your hooks organized.  If you crochet alot I highly reccomend these.
This is a very handy tool.  I have the smaller sizes and needed a larger size for adult hats. I would definitely recommend this product.
"I love these hooks! I like them for a number of reason... but i think that the best one is beacuse i can use the smaller hooks, c-g, and it still feels like i am using a large hook.

I recommend these hooks!"
"I have arthritis, and these crochet hooks help me a lot with a hobby I really do not want to give up."
Love it! Makes creating Pom Poms SOooo much easier and fuller than my other gadget I have. It is very easy to use!
I bought these without really knowing what I needed for my project and as I tried to use them I realized they wouldn't work to hold a lot of stitches.  These would be great for cable work; you can leave the stitches on the holders and they have safety ends so they won't fall off.
"These were meant to add stretch and reinforce a crochet swimsuit being made by my girlfriend. Based on her comments, the thread worked very, very well for the purpose when woven in with the other, coloured thread (which was nylon). Although it's thin, and you'll doubt it would work, it actually does! But the catch is that if you ever make a mistake and need to undo part of your piece, you'll have a very real risk of hopeless tangles. Such is elastic.

Take your time, measure and plan carefully, and pray for good luck, and things should work out fine."
"Purchased for my Mom, she is 89, still crocheting, now everyone wants a set.  Very comfortable to work with very reasonable price"
"For anyone who knits or crochets, the challenge is trying to keep things organized. This holder and hooks is the perfect size and assortment.
Clover makes the best tools."
This is a great set and a wonderful price.  Easy to use.  Not so keen on the pink case but the crochet hooks are fantastic.
"Love this device. I watched a YouTube video, since it comes with NO instructions. Be sure and use a very tight end loop or everything will fall apart."
Fair price - great product.  The only stictch markers that I could find for larger needles.  Come in their own reusable pouch - which is very useful and enough to use for several projects at once.
"The hooks and the case are beautifull. I love this set.
The set is very nice and well worked.  I say to people need try."
My grown daughter & I both took beginning crochet classes and she really took off! She wanted these for her birthday and was very happy with them.
"My first time making pom poms was about a week ago.  I found a project I had to do - DIY pom pom rug.  I made about 50 using cardstock/cardboard, and found I was wasting so much yarn during trimming in order to get a perfect, fluffy ball.  As a crazy-cheap gal, I had to force myself to shell out the $5 to buy these doodads, but now that I have I AM SO GLAD!  I would say ease of use is about the same as the cardboard method, but what really has me psyched is that the pom pom's come out looking almost perfect this way and I'm wasting less yarn while trimming, which saves me time and moolah.  Totally worth it - especially since I have about a 1000 to make.  Recommend for sure."
The pouch is sturdy and all the enclosed items are quite useful.  It's nice to have everything in the pouch and there is room for a few additional items as well.  Good value.
"so much easier. My youngest son loves to watch me make them, and both my kids like that they have ""poofs"" on their hats and such."
I bought these to go with the Laurel Burch bag to store yarn in. It is all in a handy case and easy to access.
I have such a hard time making pom poms without these.  I tried using cardboard and the whole thing fell apart.  I now have these in multiple sizes.
I have such a hard time making pom poms without these.  I tried using cardboard and the whole thing fell apart.  I now have these in multiple sizes.
I have such a hard time making pom poms without these.  I tried using cardboard and the whole thing fell apart.  I now have these in multiple sizes.
It worked really well makes all my pom poms really nice big and  fluffy really just perfect.. ! Love it..
"To get each individual item in this kit, it costs much more. So to have all of these excellent items in one for such a great price, I couldn't pass it up. I do not regret my decision at all. Everything is excellent and comes in a handy pouch to keep it all together. The needle gauge is very accurate and everything has come in handy with all of my knitting needs. I would highly recommend this for any beginner knitter and beyond."
So glad to have these. Glad they will help me with many future projects. Online is the best way to get stuff.
"These are smaller than the other point protectors I have, but I like them very much when I'm using smaller needles."
son muy comodas de usar y duraderas. yo me las llevo para todos lados y las uso para todos los proyectos que yo hago... y yo hago muchos.
Work great when doing lots of crochet work!  Helps to minimize hand pain.  Easy to work with.  Nice to have in all sizes.
Quality crochet hooks. Nice finish adds to your comfort when crocheting. Comes in a handy carrying case. This set is a keeper.
This item was a gift. Haven't heard any complaints as of yet. . . I will update if any issues arise
This is a perfect way to have your needles ready to use and never lose.  The size of the needles are great for many projects.
"I wanted to try the hooks with the ergonomic handles for a very long time, and just decided now was the time.  They feel wonderful to use and am sure I will get years of use out of them.  Will come back for more at some point if needed!!"
"I knit socks... a lot of socks. I used these to finish off the toes. Smooth, clean with eyes large enough to accept the yarn."
"Love the Clover Chibi with Darning Needles that I added to my crochet collection.  They are handy to have and with the Chibi, I never seem to lose them any more!  Great buy and a very useful product."
"I like the accessories set.
I prefer to crochet, but I am thinking in learning how to knitt better.
I can use several things from the set also to crochet or at least adapt them.
Another good thing is that it is also cheap!"
This is my second set of tools from Tulip and I am really impressed with the brand. The hooks are well made and the other tools included in the little case are very good quality.
"I like the Clover hooks (but I love my Etimos) so the hooks in the case are fine. The case, however, is just a tad short for the hooks, and if you observe the upper left corner of the photo of the product you can see that the flap is turned back to show the hooks. The flap is actually too short, so the smallest hook falls out constantly. This is not the end of the world by any means, but it is inconvenient. The devil is in the details. So the hooks are fine, the case...not so much."
"Comes with 3 different sizes and a nice little storage case. Looks exactly like the picture!

Would recommend for anyone who needs this."
These are the most comfortable crochet hooks I have every used.  The padded handle sits comfortably in your hand and no more blisters
I definitely would recommend this to any knitter. I've been knitting 2 months ( though it feels like ages) and this is  a great starter kit with some very effective accessories. Once you get it you will realize why you really needed it.
"Yup, all in one cute sturdy zip bag! Product made in Japan - great quality and came just as described! Awesome :)"
"This loom is easy to use, easy to learn, which is not difficult at all.  If you know how to crochet, you can use this loom.  I already made two scarfs and going to make a nice shawl soon  (I got this for Christmas) as I just got the yarns. If you go to the red heart site, you can find some patterns there, one is the shawl I will make soon.  This tool is amazing and produces some really beautiful projects easy."
"These hooks are easy to hold and use.  It's a great case for keeping them sorted.
The price was also excellent."
This makes good-sized poms for hats or a snowball garland. Easy to use. Just wind evenly to get a full pom.
I love the needles and the cute carrying case fits perfectly in my small notions case. Would recommend this to my knitting friends.
These are so fun! My students greatly enjoyed using these. The effect of opening the maker and popping out your very own pom pom is quite satisfying.
"I was hoping this would work on the end of my crochet needle, and it does! This is much better than writing each row on a scrap of paper. Thank you for the excellent service."
"These are perfect point protectors. Having a ""left"" and ""right"" designation isn't terribly important to me - but having them STAY PUT even in my knitting bag is crucial. I'm using this set on size 0 needles and they fit snugly. I've already got a set for larger needles and have thrown away all other ones. These are absolutely the best."
"The notions contained in the pouch are great, but the zippered pouch broke and will not close now. The products inside the pouch are great."
"Bought these for my mom for Christmas. She is a beginning knitter and loved the little gadgets, especially the stich counter because she always forgets if she is purling or knitting :)"
"For $5 how can you go wrong?  I loved making beanies with my knifty knitter looms already, but with this pompom maker I can make even better beanies!  It's easy to do and comes out very pretty!"
"I got this set on sale - one for me & one for my mom.  I do like that they're more ergonomic than most crochet hooks, but the handles could be a bit thicker and the ""soft touch"" pad isn't really all that soft."
This has just about everything you could need for a beginner who doesn't know what she/he is going to need until they don't have it. A great little kit to have on hand.
I bought this little package over a year ago and it has been such a little lifesaver for me who was just starting out knitting. I have been continually surprised by how much I use everything in here and relieved that I don't wind up needing something that would require a run to the store.
"I love this extra large Pom Pom maker, it is easy to use, very durable and makes fun Pom Pom's."
"These are the best hooks ever!  I have been crocheting for over 40 years!!!  I am also left-handed.  The hooks are well made, durable, and I like the color.  It's easy to work with dark or light-colored yarns.  The case is quite attractive and keeps the hooks together.  Well done Clover!"
"Found out from an online tutorial that you can just make Pom poms by winding yarn around your fingers. This is much easier than using the Pom Pom maker, and you get better Pom poms.

The product itself is alright. It's hard to get a really full pom poms because there's not enough space. I expected ease and efficiency from this product and got neither."
This is a Christmas gift for my granddaughters.  I purchased several sizes.  I was prompted to purchase this by a craft TV show where they demo'd the products.  I thought the granddaughters would enjoy being creative with these.  It looked pretty easy to use on TV.
This is a Christmas gift for my granddaughters.  I purchased several sizes.  I was prompted to purchase this by a craft TV show where they demo'd the products.  I thought the granddaughters would enjoy being creative with these.  It looked pretty easy to use on TV.
"I have several stitch counters. I use them most often on circular sock needles to keep track of the rows, and to mark the beginning of a new round on socks using ""magic loop"" 2-at-a-time sock knitting. The Clover counter has nice baffles inside the counter that help it stay on small needles better than most. It holds the number setting and will not be accidentally moved. I just ordered another one for myself and one for a gift."
"I made 80 Pom poms and had a snowball fight with 8th graders. It was SO FUN!
That's all folks deep bah dweeb bah deeb"
This is a great addition to my notions bag.  The needles in three sizes are all that I need to take care of any seaming.  Strong and durable.  I would recommend them to any knitter.
These did not have the indentation I was expecting like other Hooks.  I will be returning them. Changed my mind.
"nice little carry box, they are tiny, but perfect for the job. japanese made, the box is very handy, you won't loose your needles or even worse stab yourself with them! go for it, you won't regret!"
"I ordered this for a Christmas gift, but they are high quality.  The little cover is very cute and pretty."
I couldn't believe the price for this accessory set. I bought one for a gift and one for myself - I couldn't pass it up! I'm so excited to use everything.
"These are ok inexpensive needles to have around. I like the bamboo needles, they are comfortable to use. The plastic circular area is very stiff and hard to work with."
This item is for my 10 year-old daughter. She has been wanting to learn how to knit for some time. These knitting accessories going to help her do just that.
"These crochet hooks are really wonderful. I have small and arthritic hands - these make all of the difference. I am really impressed by how light they are and how they glide right through the yarn loops. This set is a great deal. It arrived with every hook-size I have ever needed, the case is cute and takes up little space and they are really comfortable to use for long periods of time. I will never got back to the Boyle Aluminum hooks, unless I have to!"
"I taught my teen how to knit and she really likes it, but I am sick of her stealing all my knitting supplies all the time, so I bought her this set as a good starter for her own knitting collection. She was very happy and she gave me back all my stuff so I was very happy as well. The quality is what you would expect from Clover and the set is just what a new knitter needs."
"Don't ever have to worry about loosing your needles again---keeps them in place---screw-top lid is a plus, that way the lid cannot just pop off."
"When I'm working on my DPNs and don't have a circular to move onto when the work gets too big, these things are a lifesaver! No more dropped stitches! Great for transporting work on DPNs or for turning them into straight needles by blocking one side too."
finally decided to spend a few more dollars to replace my 1-size plastic darning needles.  Love that the 3 different-sized needles are made of metals and come in a handy container.
I love the little storage tube and the needles are a really nice quality. Great value indeed! Thank you for your time.
"Little trickey at first.  Finally got it figured out for what I needed to do.  Haven't had a chance to try all the designs yet.
Would be great for kids to make little flowers as presents."
"This is one of those ""you get what you see"" products. It's made out of a sturdy plastic with an easy on, easy off, screw on lid. The needles are like standard needles and likely will not break for several years. I would definitely suggest this for holding yarn needles as, unlike the needles themselves, it is easy to keep up with."
"This is one item my craft bag is never without. It's impossible to hurt yourself on it, comes complete with the lanyard, and is hardly noticeable when worn on your neck. Love it!"
"This so-called elastic thread breaks when you stretch it!  I couldn't believe it when I opened the package and started to unroll it to use.  It's so expensive, too!  Over $7 per spool!  Don't buy this!  I bought some very nice, high-quality Guterman elastic thread (made in Germany) a while ago, but it is available only in red, navy, and another dark color (?), and I needed a light color, so I bought this Clover elastic thread instead.  I would have been better off using a contrasting color than this worthless stuff."
"it keeps needles safe and organized. Nice product.
I love the design.  What else can I say, it holds needles1"
These serve their intended purposes well and come with a great  and practical storage container ideal for tropical near-ocean climates where everything either rusts or corrodes.
i love these hooks.  they are so comfortable and so easy to use.  I wish i had the pink set to match. :)
I purchased these specific for a knit project that required that I keep stitches on double-pointed needles while I worked on another part of the project.  These ensured I did not lose any stitches!  They work well on multiple sizes and are perfect when you have to pack you knitting up for travel!
They arrived so quick and fantastic xmas presents and sooooo much cheaper than here in Australia many thanks for your service
"A friend recommended these to me and I tried them
my hands don't appear to hurt after long hours of crocheting"
I struggled using two round circles with slits... No more frustrations with this neat gadget... kinda hard to figure it out and the instructions weren't as easy to follow as in the smaller ones i bought.
This was the easiest way to make pom poms! and they look so gorgeous... easier than using a fork :)
Had a great time making fall decorations with this -- simple and easy to use -- bought 2 different packs so I have 4  different sizes to choose from.
Had a great time making fall decorations with this -- simple and easy to use -- bought 2 different packs so I have 4  different sizes to choose from.
"I don't even really know what a darning needle is meant to be used for, but I use the smallest one in this set to thread serger tails back through the stitching...it works great for that purpose!"
"I recently started a crochet hat business on Etsy, and as most crafters know, pom poms are generally essential to making hats. I tried all sorts of pom pom methods, from wrapping the yarn around my hand to using cardboard circles I cut out myself. My hands made loose and sloppy pom poms, whereas the cardboard was more of a pain than a convenience. Between pulling the yarn through the hole and trying to cut the yarn without fraying it on the cardboard, I was not having a good time. I picked up a set of these from my local craft store, and I could not be more thrilled with the results. It cut my pom pom making time by at least 75%, and the pom pom was beautiful. I didn't have to trim any stray bits of yarn, it just came out perfect.

This is so easy to use, and it is so much better than the old fashioned alternatives. I absolutely recommend this for anyone who has to make multiple pom poms in a short amount of time."
"I really liked this flower loom, it arrived fast and with a very good price; works ok and easy to use."
nice items for the knitting bag and nice to have them in a little pouch that keeps them contained in my bag
"I had purchased one of these crochet hooks a number of years back and it is to this very day my 'go to' hook.  I finally ordered myself the entire set and am glad that I did.  The handles of  the hooks are very comfortable in your hand while you work because they are large enough to fit your hand and feel like you are holding something.  With the smaller size hooks it can be especially hard to hold them for any length of time before your fingers want to cramp or stiffen.  I have not had that happen with these Clover hooks so I can crochet for long periods of time in complete comfort.  The other nice thing I like about them is that they do not tend to slip like the all metal hooks will do when your hands might be hot or damp.

If you order this set, be prepared to have some chores go undone...you will be busy crocheting!"
"Excellent.  My aunt love them.  Will recommend for those that have problem with their hands.  Great price and services, will definitely buy more from them."
"These are well made, and wow do they do the trick.  Perfect!  The case that comes with these are just icing on the cake.  Wonderful."
"Haven't used anything but the sewing needle, but it is lovely to have everything in one place when I need it."
They are expensive and I cannot find a way to use them without breaking them.  I'm simply going to use a contrasting yarn.  It would be greener to use scraps anyway.
"Disappointed..parts missing.
Really? 18 more words required to describe why I was not satisfied with this purchase?  I feel ripped off."
"I was a bit concern about these Clover hooks being so expensive individually in the stores, so I decided to check Amazon for sets and luckily it existed!! It saves money and the quality of these hooks are fantastic!! I only owned one and used it for a year before buying the set. My fingers never get tired of crocheting! Holding the hook is extremely comfortable and never have to worry about the hook slipping from your fingers.  I highly recommend buying this set as it will save you money in the long run! Shipping was prompt as alway with Amazon Prime!!"
"Clover's portable little needle set is my favorite knitting product. The variety of needle sizes allows for a good range of gauge and yarn weight, while the case is cute and protects the needles from wear and tear quite well."
"These stitch rings are wonderful! I am using them right now to space holes in a sweater! So the timing of this review request is great.

I have used the hard plastic ring markers for many years and was reluctant to try these but could not find my usual ones. I often knit pretty large pieces with distinct patterns like cables or seeding and can not work without the reminder of a pattern change, (which the rings give), as I am working while watching a movie or talking. The touch to the fingers is softer than the hard plastic ones and because it's some kind of rubber; they have the slightest friction and don't fall off easily when you are not paying enough attention when coming upon them; but not enough to slow a fast knitter down at all. Love that!! Blessedly, in their soft and pliable medium, they don't stretch out of shape or size like I thought they would, or if they do, it is not a noticable amount. But if you do manage to pull one off the needles and they hit the floor, the rubber keeps them close by and you don't have to search for them too far away from where they fell, unlike the hard plastic for some reason. So far, none have broken either. That's another hard plastic problem with aging although I have not had these for the number of years I'd had the hard ones, to compare over time.

If there would be a problem for me, and this really isn't one, it would be that the packaging should only include one color OR more rings of each color in the package so you don't have to worry about matching them when looking to buy more. Call me a creature of habit, but I color code the pattern changes on my garments, like cables would be the blue ones and seeding the yellow, for instance, so the multipack is nice for that but aren't enough of them in the package. However, when I am working on a piece that has several cables and no other pattern change beyond cables, I prefer to use only one color. I think it's because of the before mentioned situation. It's not confusing, but my preference. Maybe some slight OCD or something, :-)2- I would love to have access to a size between the jumbo and small ones. I have not found them to exist.

All in all, I am enjoying these and if I am not mistaken, did order or buy more at a store to correct the count for myself. I also use, and therefore purchased the smaller ones as well. I think you will enjoy these rings and won't regret giving them a try."
"I bought them with the Extra Small size, love them all. It's very easy to use. Pompoms in no time to decorate scarves, hats..."
"I thought the pom poms that I was making by hand were fine, but not that I've used this, I'll never go back!"
"I was crocheting with basic hooks, just a rod with a flattened middle and hook at the end, and getting terrible pain in my hook hand after an hour or so.  These hooks fit beautifully into the hand and the larger grip has made a huge improvement for me.  I haven't had a single twinge since I started using them.  I've noticed when doing very tight stitches, however, that the end begins to dig into my palm, which can become painful after a while.  I solved it by crocheting a short cover for the back, six stitches in a ring and then continuing in a spiral until it reached an inch or so.  Slip it over the end and it worked great."
"rather than carry my basic supplies back and forth on a plane with me, I have set up a crafter basket in the vacation home.  This kit has basic essentials needed for a project.  I highly recommend it."
Love this cute little case. It holds all my needles and it is easy to find in my yarn basket. No more lost needles! Needles are also good quality. I use them for weaving yarn in crochet projects. Great product!
"These little things are the greatest things for knitting, I use them all the time I just love them. They have R-right hand and L-for left hand. Helps you remember which hand to put which needle in if you stop in the middle of a row, and it keeps your stitches from coming off the needles when you put your work down. I have orders several of them, but need some more, so I will be ordering more."
"All these items are EXPENSIVE at a regular craft store in town, but not only was this cheap, but the items are amazing, compact and very useful. I teach a knitting group and I'm tempted to buy one for them."
"This is a simple item: 3 large, dull needles in a case.

However, it is SO helpful!

The case is large, and has a loop on the top to which one can attach a cord or chain. It's way oversized for the 3 needles included- which is good, since that makes it easier to find, and also has room for other incidentals.

The needles included are a handy set of sizes, good for finishing off most knitted and crocheted pieces.

I've attached it to my knitting bag, and it will be so great to not have to spend time hunting up appropriate needles when it's time to finish!"
I've just gotten started knitting and found this little jewel to be perfect for my needs.  Everything I needed to get started. Good quality and thougtful assortment of useful items!
I love these stitch holders because you can remove the stitches from either end and I can use the holder as a cable holder and knitting needle. I trust the Clover branded product as well. would definitely recommend this.
"It's an excellent product! I liked it a lot! I did lots of pom poms!!! I cannot beleive how easy to make pom pom is with this product!!!even with children ,it`s easy to use, excellent quality. I recomend it a lot."
"It's an excellent product! I liked it a lot! I did lots of flowers!!! even with children ,it`s easy to use, excellent quality. I recomend it a lot."
"My wife has recently gotten into crocheting, and needed one of these needles to finish up her projects.  We weren't sure what size she needed, so I decided to get her this pack. It's working out great and she's got extra sizes that may come in handy for future projects too.

The needles are easy to thread and stitch through the yarn without fraying anything.

Somehow the picture made me think the case was going to be bigger than it is.  But it is a nice, fairly small (which is a good thing), very handy case that works perfectly for helping keep track of the needles."
"My first pom pom came out great!  The more you wrap these the fuller the pom pom is.  Ordering the other sizes now, they are a hit with me."
These crochet hooks are great for anyone with arthritis or carpal tunnel.  The case is also nice.  I was pleasantly surprised with the quality.
I Really love this item. I can make the thing that I used to have to buy. This is a must for all things girly.
"This is an excellent set of tiny-to-bigger crochet hooks.  I bought them to use when beading knitted lace projects.  They are excellently made, in a great storage case and come with scissors too!  Expensive but worth it!"
Excellent accessory ... you'll love having this.  It's so handy.  Making life easier.  It's a must have deal.  I highly recommend this.
"Our son's pre-school has these pom pom makers and use them every day as a reward for the kids.  The kids love them, the work improves their fine motor skills and the makers are sturdy and easy to use. Now I've fallen in love with pom poms and want to add them to more projects.  This is my brand of choice."
"It's got all the essentials you need to begin knitting. It's only missing closed markers (it includes opened ones). It's listed as eleven dollars as of the time of the review which is a good deal. At local craft store it's listed as twenty-two (luckily I had a half off coupon at the time I purchased it). Clover is a good brand, and I like all their items as a beginning knitter."
I love these hooks. They are comfy to use and it's great to have a variety of sizes in one case
"I have been knitting for 40 years and I bought these bobbins since I was doing an intarsia sweater.  I had never attempted intarsia, so thought the bobbins would be invaluable to keep all the yarns that are necessary for the pattern, in order.  They were not and instead were the cause of much frustration.

The bobbins do not hold the yarn securely...they were always unraveling no matter how many different configurations I tried in my futile attempt to keep them from unwinding.  When they weren't unwinding, they were knocking in to each other because they are rather wide.

I learned that if you are doing intarsia...you can either use the clip clothespins or even better...just cut the yarn to about 18 inches and let it hang behind.  Much easier to just pull the yarn through each time than to deal with bobbins.

Save your money."
This is the easiest way to make pom poms! They come out so full and are so easy to remove from this maker. I wish I had it before I wasted so much time trying out other ways of making them.
"Love, love, love these hooks and the case is pretty nice too. I have been crocheting for about a year and saw these sold at my local craft store. After trying a couple out, I just had to have the whole set. Before purchasing the whole set, I would definitely recommend buying a single one first to try them. Regular metal hooks are too thin and cold, even with the squishy covers."
"I like Clover hooks because I've tried using my co-workers' sets of Clover Hooks.
It's nice to hold for a long time without getting tired, pretty good for beginners especially. I would recommend this if anyone would like to buy a full set of crochet hooks because it's user friendly."
"This is a great little starter kit with a tape measure, stitch holder, point protectors, stitch counter, gauge, tapestry needles, and other odds and ends. I was just at Joanns picking up some needles and this exact same kit was $22 and I got it for half that on Amazon! Sometimes I feel like you pay for the convinience of ordering it online, but this was not the case."
It is really easy to use and very quick.  I bought all the other sizes as well. I would recommend this item for pom pom making.
"I have had one of these Chibi kits for years--and the newer ones come with a translucent body, so you can see your needles inside. (Nothing like opening it up when you are ready to do grafting and find that it's empty because you forgot to put the needles back inside!)

Here are two hints:

1. The tab on the side of the lid has a little hole. You can put a safety pin or very thin ribbon or piece of yarn through it. Then you tie it or pin it to your knitting project bag--or even inside your purse. I have mine inside a denim project bag, a small one, that I use for sock knitting. You will never be searching for a darning needle. It will be right there, and you won't lose the top as it will be tethered to your bag.

2. Bent-point needles are easier for grafting and darning, as you can lift up loops onto the bent portion of the needle. Clover makes a set of&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/two-needles/dp/B000B7S3JC/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">two needles</a>&nbsp;that are light gold in color, making it easy to see dark yarn stitches. I put these two in the Chibi along with one of the straight needles."
"I knit and crochet alot and over the years have accumulated dozens of needles and hooks of every type.  I particularly like the heavy composites from England (Bernat-Aero) but decided to try something new for a large crochet project I am starting.

I read all the product reviews and settled on this set from Clover. Amazon has an incredible price for this set and it was here literally overnight, even though I didn't pay for one day delivery.

The hooks themselves are beautiful.  They are smooth and have a soft copper glow with a comfortable thick grip-style handle. They do glide through the yarn, as others have pointed out. I cannot imagine why anyone needs color-coded crochet hooks. If you do a lot of needlework, you recognize the tip as the size you need, and of course, they are clearly stamped on the handle.

They are not too short for me - I do have small hands.  When doing afghan stitch work, I use a longer needle.  For everything else, these are fine and comfortable. I hold my crochet hook like a pencil or pen, so this type of hook is good for that holding position.

The case is handy - not unusual, lots of sets come with similar cases. It is compact and closes with velcro - better than the older cases of this type that often roll, wrap and tie.

I did not give this 5 stars because it only has hooks up to size J and because the case itself, not the hooks, does have phthalates in it.  This is not a problem unless a baby, child, or animal chews on the case and thereby ingests this plastic chemical.  Phthalates are banned in California and a few other states.

That said, I am very glad I bought these.  I will keep the case away from pets and babies and enjoy using the hooks for future projects.  I got the information on the chemical that led to Clover listing a warning on the wrapper from Clover itself - they were very helpful and went out of their way to provide me with information.  That speaks well of the company and their products.

I will likely give these sets as gifts."
"I bought this in order to reinforce some sock cuffs that were knit with a cotton yarn. I knit the cuffs with the elastic thread held with my yarn, and it has provided the elasticity I was looking for. I was also very pleased that I could find this available from Amazon as I didn't have time to go to a craft store."
"Arthur Itis recently came visiting and left me with a painful hand condition.... I love to crochet but holding a regular crochet hook was increasingly painful.  Tried several different ""grips"" for my old various hooks, helped a bit.  Have been eyeing this set for some time and when the price was right (50%+ off), I splurged.  Just finished a quick test run (made a soap saver) and I am duly impressed.  If you want a comfortable grip these are for you and I highly recommend them to anyone that has hand limitations!  Might even get a second set!"
"I am delighted with everything that came with this set of hooks,&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Tulip-Etimo-Steel-Crochet-Hook-Set/dp/B0044JKY6I/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Tulip Etimo Steel Crochet Hook Set</a>&nbsp;and how roomy it is to include other necessities for my crafts.

I bought the set to use with my crochet bead ropes.  But I can also use it to add beads to my knitting.

I recommend this set for either and for both.

I found that I can use a larger hook with my beaded knitting.  The smaller hook would only snag the yarn.  The larger hook does not snag the yarn and still fits easily thru the bead.  Win-Win!"
"I searched these out for my wife, who is a terrific ""knitting"",""needle point"" and must all around crafts woman.  She'd been looking for a set and we couldn't find exactly what she wanted,even at local craft shops. When she got this she was thrilled and loves them."
"This product is so darn practical to have if you are a crafter.
I wa looking to get me these for a while and when I saw these I jumped right on them to buy them.
If you knit, crochet or tapestry craft, you need these needles."
This is a great kit for anyone who is learning to knit. It gives you all the extra little tools you need to start making projects.
"I was looking for a set of needles with a variety of sizes for the different projects I want to work on and am currently working on. These are perfect for me because of their size and also because of the material. In the past I had used metal needles, which are OK, but the yarn is very slippery on them. The yarn on these needles doesn't move around as much. And since the needles are light, they are very easy to use with any kind of project."
Great price and we did not have to leave the house and shop.  I really love the fact that there is no trouble with ordering.  Great product.
"The Hana-Ami Loom is great for embellishing either woven, crocheted or knitted items.  It was/is easy to use and had simple instructions included.  The day after I took it out of the box, I started a flower.  I completed it the folowing day after work.  I would not be without one.

Thanks,

Jocelyn King-DeLay"
"Arrived on time and intact. It came with three needles: a huge stainless one, a smaller stainless one, and another the same size as the smaller one, but it has gold coloring around the eye. Also came with the little green carrying case, and it has a small hole at the top that I put a key ring through for when I'm on the go. I use them all the time!"
These are durable and I love that it comes with a case that can hold other things as well. I've only ever owned plastic darning needles prior to this and I'm happy that I bought these because they won't break like my other ones. These get the job done well and I haven't noticed any downsides to them.
Nice set in compact kit.  Perfect for travel.  Love the quality of the hooks themselves.  Larger rubber grips nice for older hands like mine.
"I love these hooks! I started with the Boye aluminum hooks which were ok and then I tried the bamboo ones which got such rave reviews, but I wasn't too thrilled with them. Then I bought these and they are by far my favorite. I don't have a problem with them being too short like other reviews have stated. These are perfect for amigurumi and any other crocheting where you're crocheting tightly and the other hooks hurt your hands. After using these I hate to go back to my Boye ones. In fact my friend's daughter took off with my G hook and lost it and I've tried using my Boye hook once since then and I'm already ordering a replacement. The only thing I don't like is when I work with acrylic yarn and it gets wet it makes the worst sound on these hooks, but other than that they are perfect for me."
"I bought the Tulip Etimo Steel Crochet Hook Set and I love it. Very easy to use, and I love that all hooks came together in one case. I tried to buy a set of fine crochet hooks for a long time. Whatever is at Hobby Lobby is so bad it is pathetic. When I wound this set of hooks on Amazon.com i decided to try it. They are the best hooks."
"This item creates cute accent flowers, but the instructions aren't 100% clear. With a few practices flowers, it's easy to master."
I bought three different kinds of pom pom makers for my middle school club.  These were the best.  VERY EASY to use.  Great project for kids as young as 10.  Pom poms came out great.
"I'm very happy with these point protectors. Compared to others that I have used, I really like how these connect together when you are knitting and also like that each color is labeled with a R for right and L for left - helps whenever you are forgetful about which needle goes in what hand after you've stepped away from a project for a bit!"
"I just ordered the whole set and can not wait for them to get here! I had purchased two a long time ago and could not believe how much easier it made crocheting. I am a tight stitcher so these hooks make my stuffed animals and other projects work up like a breeze. They actually slide through the yarn like butter and I personally, love the length of them. I never quite did get used to the older style with the longer necks on them, I always felt as if my hand was too far away from the yarn. Highly recommended though:-)"
Really wanted to love but yarn dragged on very stitch. Too much work to get thru one row determined project They went back right away
The sizes I thought I was purchasing were not what I received  -  but as a avid crocheter I decided to keep them.  I really would have liked them to be larger than they were.  Next time I will check the size more carefully.  Good price just the same!
"I really like bamboo clover hooks, i like to crochet but i am a new crocheter, and this works great for me, and you can have it in the plain and airports, so you can kill time with a new project! Spinblessing is a great company, they are really nice, send the products in no time and always answer your questions!"
These point protectors are firm and stay in place.  I'm actually on my way to order more.  They are my new favorites.
"After reading good reviews of this product, I decided to take the plunge and go for the set. I am so glad I did! This set comes in a very compact velcro-closure fabric case, and all the hooks are snugly and securely fitted into individual slots. The hooks themselves are a bit shorter than the traditional aluminum hooks I was used to, but within 10 minutes I was already comfortable with the new size, and it seemed very natural and effortless. I didn't even notice the difference anymore. They are very easy to hold, and easy to allow your hand to relax, which makes for the ability to work extended amounts of time.  I found that no longer was I fighting to keep the hook turned a certain way -- i crochet in the ""pencil hold"" position -- and was able to just stop thinking at all about the position of the hook in my fingers. The metal hooks slide effortlessly thru the yarn, and I can work faster than I have been able to before.  I am very very pleased with this set, and will reccommend this to others.  Try this set, you will love it!"
This is a quality product and was delivered in good time. It is difficult to find small diameter elastics where I live but this one is of great quality and not too stiff for things like headbands and baby bows.
I saved heaps of money buying these from Amazon and they are great. The bag is pretty cute and the hooks are beautiful to use. I crochet much faster with these because the handle is comfortable and the metal finish is perfect even when using different fibres. I prefer these over straight metal hooks and plain wood ones. Five enthusiastic stars.
the item arrived in good shape and is every bit as advertised.  I have enjoyed using it and so has my daughter.  Thank you!
"I've had trouble making my own pom-poms. They never turned out right. I could make them rather easily with these, so I am satisfied."
"Ordered this to make christmas ornaments. Excellent design - all of the pieces fit together , and have a nifty cover to boot. The instructions are clear and give several different designs, which was unexpected. Once you get the hang of it, it moves rather quickly (I used rafetta)."
"These hooks are a great fInd. I had been wanting to try them and was looking into purchasing these and wooden hooks. When I came across these hooks at such a great price I had to get them.

I have used them on a couple of projects and have enjoyed them so far. I have carpaltunnel and can not crochet for a long period of time anymore. These hooks are made to ease pain in the hand and wrist with the soft grip and contoured handle. I am not exactly sure that I have had less pain in my wrist but I have yet to crochet a big project with these hooks.

Over all I would recommend these hooks to people who have problems with arthuritis or carpaltunnel."
These hooks are very comfortable and light in weight to work with and I was pleased to see them come in a set. I liked them so much I told my mother about them.  She bought some and is very happy with them too.  Clover makes a lot of great products.
This item did not work at all. The tool would not actually thread the needle. I threw it in the trash!
The package clearly states: WARNING THIS PRODUCT CONTAINS A CHEMICAL KNOWN TO THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA TO CAUSE CANCER AND/OR BIRTH DEFECTS OR OTHER REPRODUCTIVE HARM
"After reading the reviews, I decided to try these.  By mistake I ordered two packages instead of one.  After trying them, I told a knitter in my knitting group about these great point protectors.  She was so impressed that I gave her my extra package.  Now we are both thrilled with these great protectors.  We couldn't be more pleased."
"*** updated a year later to bump these up to 5 stars.  Lost this pouch at one point (the one drawback of having everything all in one place) and decided to treat myself to the newer, fancier Clover Amour&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Clover-3672-Amour-Crochet-Hook-Set-10-sizes/dp/B00B2CCA6W/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Clover 3672 Amour Crochet Hook Set, 10 sizes</a>&nbsp;hooks.  Those ones - definitely more expensive! - are not only bigger, they're bulkier and the handle is a weird kind of rubber that actually makes them slightly harder to use.  So I was very relieved when this original set turned up, and these are for sure my favourite hooks now.  I can crochet without them... but why would anybody want to???

Here's my original review, from a year ago:

Okay, they're a bit small.  I was worried about that because a couple of reviewers pointed out that these are basically the shortest hooks on the market.  When they arrived, I saw that it's true - they're tiny.  If you have big hands, these are probably not the hook for you... but I don't.
And the trade-off is that they are extremely well-made, gliding smoothly through the work and making it a pleasure almost all the time.  I have used 3 or 4 of them so far, and they are a real improvement on everything I've used before.  No squeak like the plastic ones, just GLIDE.
I've noticed that my grip does tend to get a little ""pinchy"" and stiff after a while of holding these handles, but usually, I can just loosen up my hands, take a bit of a break, and I'm fine.
Also, there is no hook size between 4.0 and 5.0, even though several yarns I have bought call for a 4.5 (Size 6) hook.  With this set, for some mysterious reason, you're forced to round up, or down, or buy another hook.
Still - I cannot tell you how happy it has made me to have this little set all to myself.  I am really a medium beginner, and have been borrowing hooks from my mother one by one as I need them.  These will take care of almost all my crochet needs, and I'm thrilled every time I see it.

NOTE:  I was dismayed by a sticker on the plastic outer wrap (and here I'm paraphrasing slightly because I've thrown the original away): ""this product contains a substance known in the State of California to cause cancer and/or reproductive harm.""  I did a double-take, and thought others might want to know as well.  There are probably thousands of toxic substances in our lives, but they just come and go without our noticing at all.  And now, suddenly, here was a specific, but not specific ENOUGH warning label.
I still have no idea what the substance is.  I'm not currently reproducing, and I have to hope that simply handling the hooks won't give me cancer.  But if you are concerned about this issue, contact the seller and find out exactly what the substance in question might be.  They really ought to make that sticker WAY more specific..."
"If you need this bobbin for yarn, it is way to small.  I don't think you could wrap medium-weight yarn around it 10 times because of the size."
"With the screw on lid and room for extra needles, this carrying case is absolutely the perfect find. We've all got those spare needles wandering around the bottom of our project bags. Round them all up and store them in the Chibi!"
I fell in love with the soft touch crochet hook after I purchased one of them to complete a project. Finding this set on Amazon at this price was such a steal! Absolutely love them and the case provided is an added bonus. Super convenient and easy enough to take anywhere.
I can't believe it took me this long to find out about this handle cutter! I absolutely couldn't crochet without it!
"Wow, great price for three very functional needles, and comes with a screw top case to hold them all in.  Perfect sizes for the knitter and crochet crowd.  So happy with the quality and will last me for ever as long as I don't loose them!"
"I am always misplacing scissors and snips. Discounting poltergeists, I think the cats have something to do with it. This tool is really great for cutting yarn, string or cord. I had it in my pocket the other day when I was trussing a chicken and used it to cut the cotton thread. The blades are recessed for safety and the bright purple and orange color makes it really easy to see. It has a long lanyard so you can wear it around your neck, too. Perfect little tool."
This is a great little tool with different sized darning needles for all your crafts.  I actually purchased this for the purpose of storing my needles as all the other needles I have bought had a tendency to get lost once I opened the package.  It tucks in quite nicely inside my small crochet needle case and am sure it would be fine tucked into a pocket of a larger knitting needle case or yarn storage.
What an awesome invention.  Makes pompom's so much easier to make and more perfect in appearance.  I would suggest anyone who likes the look of pompom's to get this.
What an awesome invention.  Makes pompom's so much easier to make and more perfect in appearance.  I would suggest anyone who likes the look of pompom's to get this.
"Kit arrived in good condition and on the date as promised.  I am entirely happy with the contents of the kit with one exception.  The needle gauge is disapointedly plastic covered paper.  It would have been nice if that were made of a more durable material.  This one will never hold up under the long term use.  I will be adding a better quality needle gauge to this kit.<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Clover-Knit-Mate-Knitting-Accessories-Set/dp/B000WV1X8A/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Clover Knit Mate Knitting Accessories Set</a>

P.S. I don't know why they're putting ""kitchen"" on the item listed. But this is not a ""kitchen"" item."
"These are just exactly what I was looking for. They make my project so much easier to handle. Shipment was very quick, so I didn't wait very long for them to arrive."
"Great little loom. Very fun and easy to use. I can whip out a bunch of flowers in no time.

If you are interested check out my blog on what I make with this little flower loom.
[..]"
"I am needing very large pompoms for my knitted hats.  The ones I tried by hand were too loose, crooked, etc.  This gives you a perfect one every time, and is super easy to use!!!  Love it and I will be ordering the smaller sizes soon."
"This was an excellent buy. Great value for money. All of the items come in very handy. I didn't even realise that a stitch counter was included, nice surprise."
"I found a pattern for a scarf I wanted to make and was very happy when I found this Hairpin Loom made by Clover who, I think, makes a good quality product, at a reasonable price.

The Hairpin Loom I received is sturdy and comfortable to hold/handle. It came with Instructions that, at first glance, seemed rather  difficult to understand, but when I stopped reading them, picked up the loom and began following the each step, one by one, I found it quite easy and had a nice little strip of loops that were pretty even. I also found that it didn't matter if the first few loops aren't perfect since I could easily undo them.

My only problem is that the loom is too small for the pattern I wanted to make, so I frequently have to stop and transfer the loops onto pieces of yarn, which then hangs below the loom as I work and has a tendency of getting tangled in my working yarn. There was no deception on the part of the seller, the error was mine, in not looking more closely to the photo.
I don't know if they sell longer rods separately, but it would be great if they did. If not, maybe I can find some longer metal rods that will fit.

I really do like this loom. It's light weight, easy to use I can get it out or put it away in seconds. Great for when you're sitting in the Waiting Room at the doctor's, dentist's, etc.

I would recommend this product to anyone as long as they do not need to make long strips of loops."
"I am a knitter by heart and have decided to learn how to crochet.  As a knitter, I have the bamboo knitting needle set with the getaway case.  It has served me well.  So when I decided to learn how to crochet, I naturally decided I should go with the same set.  Clover makes such a great product!  Plus, the case is cute and sturdy to bring anywhere.  The hooks glide so nicely with the yarn and make all my projects a breeze.  The handle feels nice and warm in my hand and doesn't cramp like when using the conventional metal crochet.  I highly recommend this set.  It has served me well in many projects and the price is right!!!"
"So... I started crochet with the cheap plastic hooks several years ago and then took a break. A few months ago I started became addicted to making amigurumi (small crochet animals, originating in Japan). On one of the last few projects I worked on I ended up breaking the head off of my hook. So I began to hunt for something better - something stronger. I tried the&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Boye-Aluminum-Crochet-Hook-Set-Sizes-D-K/dp/B001BF3FGE/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Boye Aluminum Crochet Hook Set, Sizes D-K</a>&nbsp;(Sizes D-K). I took them home and tried them out on a current project - the one that had the broken hook, and I had such a difficult time finding a rhythm - these hooks were not polished enough and kept catching on the yarn.
I then tried the&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Susan-Bates-Silvalume-Crochet-Hook-Set-in-Pouch-Sizes-F-G-H-I-J-K/dp/B000XZYISM/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Susan Bates Silvalume Crochet Hook Set in Pouch Sizes F, G, H, I, J, K</a>&nbsp;in the Pouch (Sizes F-K) - same thing - they also kept catching on the yarn.

I spoke to a store employee at a local craft store and she said that I should try wood - bamboo - both wood and plastic hooks are warmer than the aluminum and glide better. She was correct. I did like the bamboo hooks, but I wanted something with a handle. I also bought a Tulip Etimo Crochet Hook - which, though aluminum, glided so smoothly through my yarn I was EXTREMELY pleased by it, but I wanted a set.

At this time I also tried the Clover Takumi Getaway Soft Touch Crochet Hooks Gift Set - and it too was amazing. I believe this is because the quality of the aluminum and the craftsmanship is so much better than the Boye and Susan Bates ones. Clover is simply amazing when it comes to quality and thought when creating a product. The handles are comfortable and easy to grip without putting too much strain on your hands - allowing you to crochet for longer - though it is still smart to periodically stretch your hands and wrists and take short breaks. The crochet hooks glide oh-so-smoothly through any type of yarn, allowing me to build up a solid rhythm and not have to pause every few seconds to try and get the hook through the loop because it kept catching on the yarn. The shape of the head is more oval, allowing it to catch the yarn very easily. The amazing thing is that these are also made of aluminum and yet there is a great difference between the Japanese Clover brand crochet hooks and those made by Susan Bates or Boye. I should add that these ARE MADE IN JAPAN and not China or somewhere else. I also bought the&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Clover-Knitting-Stitch-Counter-Mini-Kacha-Kacha/dp/B000WUXO4W/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Clover Knitting Stitch Counter Mini Kacha-Kacha</a>&nbsp;so I can crochet in meetings at work or in some of our training classes and not worry about counting and re-counting rows.

Conclusion: If you're beyond the plastic beginner stage - invest in some quality hooks like the Clover Takumi Getaway Soft Touch Crochet Hook Gift Set. The great thing about this set is that it comes with Hooks C(2.75mm), D(3.25mm), E(3.5mm), F(3.75mm), G(4.0mm), H(5.0mm), I(5.5mm) and J(6.0mm) - which are great to start out with or provide a range of sizes to use for various projects.

If you're planning on teaching family or friends to crochet, consider this set as a gift or recommendation."
These point protectors work well for long knitting needles but don't seem to stay on the interchangeable ones I am using.
"WOW - these pom pom makers are fantastic!! It's so easy and they pretty much turn out a perfect ball. Just need to snip a couple longer strands which is easy.

I have 6 different sizes of the pom pom makers. I'm going to make one of each size to keep as samples so I know which size is best for the project."
"Like everyone else has mentioned, the case is adorable, and will hold more needles than what you actually receive.  That said, the needles included are of excellent quality and are a nice reprieve for this novice knitter that is sick of messing with plastic yarn needles.  Plus, it's almost impossible to lose the case!  Five stars all around."
"I love these crochet hooks. I had a stroke three years and am able to knit and crochet, but the crochet hooks seemed to just turn in my hands until I found these. Thank you so much because I can't stand to just watch TV. I have to be creative."
"I love my Clover Chibi. I was forever hunting at the bottom of my crochet bag for my needles to sew in my ends of projects. This little case is perfect. It comes with three sizes of needles, but has plenty of space if you wanted to add more for different purposes. The cap screws on, so there is no risk of it popping off and getting lost- needles included. There is also a little eyelet hole in the cap so that you could attach a piece of string or clip and attach it to a bag to further ensure you don't lose them. I plan on attaching a little carabiner and key ring so that I can hook it around my crochet bag handle. Easy attach and detach and won't get lost in the bottom of the bag.
Good quality product that I'm sure I will get many years of use out of."
"So, I tried the whole cardboard cut-out and it was too stiff, and quite difficult to cut. I tried the ribbon spool cut-out, but that limited my size. After finding these, I felt I just had to purchase them. There aren't any directions on the package, but you can youtube some instructions.

I will say there is a slight learning curve to using it. Tying the string around tight enough so you don't loose strands can be difficult until you get used to it. Once you've tightened the string as much as you can...go ahead and try a little more.

Overall, this is a great, fast way to get perfect pom-poms. I recommend this to others."
"good buy, indispensable for the achievement of amigurumi, excellent flowability. The handle in soft material does not tire your hand at work, I highly recommend it to all lovers of crochet.
Preferred site for the courtesy and helpfulness."
This tool makes doing hair pin lace so much easier.  Works well and a wonderful tool to have in your craft box.
"this is a very nice and useful item, my mother-in-law loved it and is planning to be much more creative with using the Hana Ami in shaping new designs and flower variety"
"Here's what comes in this cute set:
size 14, 0.5mm
size 12, 0.6mm
size 10, 0.75mm
size 8, 0.9mm
size 6, 1.00mm
size 4, 1.25mm
size 2, 1.5mm
size 0, 1.75mm
small scissors, small tape measure, 2 needles, very nice snap-closure case
The hooks all have a slender (about 3/8"") plastic handle, and a plastic tip-cover for each hook.
The hooks look nice, feel nice, and glide through thread nicely.

Here's the problem:  They are not like any other hook sizes I have.  My Boye size 5 is marked 1.9mm; Boye 7 is marked 1.65mm; Boye size 8 isn't marked with a measurement but it's a little bigger than 7 (who knows why); Boye 10 is 1.3mm; Susan Bates 11/12 is 1.0mm; Boye 13/14 is 0.9mm (I've only used it for #30 thread); Boye 3 is 2.1mm.

I use my #7 hook a lot.  The one in this Tulip set that looked and felt most like it is the #2 at 1.5mm.

I want to be able to see a pattern that says ""use size 10 thread and size 7 hook"" -- and know that when I grab the 7 hook it will be the size I want.  This Tulip Etimo set won't work for that purpose.

I'm going to return these and get the Susan Bates steelite hooks with bamboo handle, like&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Susan-Bates-Bamboo-Handle-Steelite-Head-Crochet-Hooks-5-50-Size-7/dp/B002XRH14Q/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Susan Bates Bamboo Handle / Steelite Head Crochet Hooks (5.50"") - Size 7</a>.  I have a few of those in the larger hook series (D, H, K) and I like them.  The handles on this Tulip set are much smaller than the bamboo handles on the Bates hooks.  I think the thicker handles will be better for my crampy hands."
"I have Osteo Arthritis in my hands and I absolutely love to filet crochet.  I have had to forego making any filet or lace crochet since I was diagnosed with arthritis.  That was true until now.  These handles are such a joy to hold and I can filet crochet to my hearts content.  The hook ends grab the thread and releases it so smoothly! You have the most common sizes all in one spot with scissors, yarn needle, and measuring tape.  The case is one of the best parts.  Easy to locate and perfect for travel.  Thank you, Tulip, for another great product!!
I highly recommend this set for anyone who loves to crochet and requires some comfort in their hook."
"Growing up in Japan, I used to knit since when I was a 5th grader. Clover is the only company around that time (a looooooooong time ago!!), and it's still going strong now for their quality and innovative products. This set is another good example of how Clover is keeping up with their product quality and usability. Not only in a cute design case that is very compact and easy to carry, the hooks are so comfortable, and made short enough to rid of unnecessary length of other hooks on the market. Grip is very comfortable for prolonged crocheting. The price of this product on Amazon is way cheaper than many other online retailers. Totally recommended!!"
So far I've only used d small circle to make flowers for hair clip. Saw a video demo on the clover website on how to use the loom. Just have to practice a bit so that you'll get used to the tool. Can't wait to try the rest of the looms and use diff type of materials other than yarns. But I think it is a good buy and a great tool to have if you're a crafted. Easy to ue even for a beginner like me!
"The needle sizes are a good range of three sizes for various projects.  What makes this a really great product though is the case.

The plastic is brightly colored so it is easy to find when it's not quite where I thought I left it, or if it rolls out and gets buried in the larger section of my bag.

It's a nice size, can hold different or more needles if desired, but isn't too big taking up space nor too small making it hard to find.

The lid is a screw cap so no worries about it popping off and the needles going missing.

The lid also has a hole nicely placed so you can put a tie through it and then attach the needle case to something if desired.  Very handy!

All in all a very nice design--a big bonus for me as I was after needles (and a set of three was perfect) with the case being a pleasant surprise.

JTG"
"Santa gave me these hooks for Christmas!  I love them!!!  They are so comfortable to hold and use.  Crocheting is easy and fun, they glide through the yarn.  I can't wait to use them and make more awesome crocheted goods!!"
This pom pom maker is very easy to use and I couldn't find it in the stores. Thanks Amazon for having a great selection!
"I just retired from teaching this past June and have begun to knit and crochet again.  I had not picked up needles since I was seven years old. These protectors not only keep your work on the needles, but they also alert you as to the right and wrong side of your work.  I love them and will get more in other needle sizes."
The product was exactly as described. It arrived promptly and in perfect condition. I would buy from this seller again.
"I am a beginning knitter and decided to buy this kit as it contains several knitting accessories. It's a nice little kit and the accessories fit nicely inside the pouch. Although this is not a top of the line item, it is useful. The kit does include a tape measure, but I would rather see a 5 inch ruler printed along the edge of the knitting needle gauge."
I don't have comment. I love Clover. It's very soft & comfotable! Case colorfull is lovely and so cute . Thanks!
"Prior to purchasing this gadget, I had tried making pompoms using D.I.Y. instructions.  What a mistake. For just a small price, this pompom maker works perfectly and more importantly, takes virtually no time to get a great result.  We attach distinctively colored pompoms to our otherwise non-descript luggage to make those pieces easily identifiable on a baggage carousel."
"I happened upon a Youtube video for this pompom maker. She made it look so easy, that I decided that I needed one. Before using this, I used cardboard cutout circles to make my pompoms. The device can be a little squirrelly when first beginning to wrap the arms, it was a little difficult to keep both sides of the device even and together. I will say that it was still much faster than using the cardboard. I think it works better if you wrap the arms more than 3 times, but that makes a really tight puff and not a very loose one. The less yarn you use, the more likely the strands are to come out of the device before you can tie the string around them. I did struggle to get the tie tight on the first pompom, even though i thought I had it tight enough...I feel like there is a bit of a learning curve to using this with ease, but if you make a lot of pompoms, this is absolutely worth it..."
I have pregnancy- induced carpal tunnel & these crochet hooks are a pleasure to work with. They reduce the stress on my wrists & the grips make my hold (knife hold) easy on  my fingers. The case that the hooks come in is well- made & compact. This is a wonderful set for a great price. Shipping was fast.
"I couldn't believe I got this set for that price! I kept buying separate needle pairs until I came across that kit.
The quality of Takumi Clover needles cannot be beaten, it is great for those who prefer the soft and warm feeling of bamboo in their hands over the cold aluminium, for those who don't like slippery aluminium needles, and those who want to go the ""sustainable"" way. The case is sturdy and well made.
THe smaller needle sizes would be too fragile in my opinion, I would get those in aluminium if I had to."
This is a nice sturdy container to hold my sewing needles that I use for my crochet and knitting projects. I also like the bright green top that makes it easy to spot in my project bag.
These needles are a must have for every crocheter or knitter.  They are simply a must.  They are excellent for tying in those loose ends.  Clover even gives you this convenient case to keep your needles in so you don't lose them.  And it's great to carry with you.  So convenient.  Good buy.
"For many years I've used Susan Bates hooks, which I've liked well enough, and then bought some Boye hooks when I needed to fill in some sizes that had gone missing over the years. Even though I use the pencil or knife hold, I never thought about how much pressure I was causing on my hands and fingers until I bought this set of Takumi Soft Touch hooks. After doing a line of sc with the Boye, and a line of sc with the Takumi, I discovered that I had been gripping the hook so hard because the Boye's hook and neck make it more difficult to move in and out of the yarn loops. In contrast, the Takumi hook glides right through the loops so much better that I barely have to grip the hook. Also, the Boye hooks are actually too long because of the way I hold it, so the Takumi are a perfect length. For those who hold the hook like a Tunisian hook (a.k.a. knife grip), I can see how they may find the Takumi awkward to work with; if you don't use the knife grip, then I'd recommend the Takumi for you. As for their standard colouring, I don't mind that they're not different colours; their function and comfort are more important to me than their aesthetics. Lastly, the fact that you get eight hooks all in one convenient set is a huge plus, as it's a whole lot cheaper than buying them separately at the local arts and crafts store."
"This is such a clever idea and I have put all my other needles in this handy little case, and I love the color."
"Really enjoy these and have used them quite often recently as I am making a ton of hats. At first I overwrapped them and came out with a giant fuzz ball, so the trick is to not overwrap and you will have a perfect pompom everytime!"
"I love this!!!!  I've never done anythign with yarn before but needed something to do for my daughters birthday.  I wish I had more time and ordered it sooner, I would have made pompom garland.  I looked up a quick you tube video on how to use it and was making pompoms in no time."
"Great little kit, has all the major things you can use when knitting.  Especially love the gauge, some of the older needles from my great grandmother don't have any sizes on them and it was nice to figure those out.  The end caps are nice as well, keep your project from falling off the needles when not in use.  I waited till it went on sale as sometimes the price is WAY to high for the set.  Overall I am happy with the purchase as are my 2 little knitters (8 and 10)."
"These are the handiest little items.  They go on the end of your large knitting needles so that
your yarn doesn't fall off. I had been looking everywhere for them but all I could find was the
ends for small knitting needles.  But Amazon had them!  Thanks again Amazon!"
Great darning needle kit to fit every projects' needs. The carrying case will hopefully prevent lost needles. Good price for a knitting necessity.
"I liked it a lot, it's not the same when you see it on the pictures than have it on your own hands, though it prety much covered my expectations. Size is good, the markers are very useful (you get 20 of them, 10 each color), the counter on the other hand, i hoped more of it, now i can see there's not much it can really do."
bought these for my wife who suffers with arthritis in her hands and thumbs and was unable to use regular crochet hooks...these work a treat!  Wonderful concept...wish they had been available years ago for my mother who had such bad arthritis in her hands that she had to hold them under hot water each morning in order to loosen them up so that she could do her daily chores....and she crocheted a lot when she could...made many doilies and even bed spreads and window hangings....
"I love these hooks, they were recommended by a friend that teaches knitting & crocheting.  I had hand surgery a few years ago & still have problems with my wrist.  These hooks are so much easier on my hand / wrist, I don't have as much pain when I use them.  I would highly recommend them to everyone, they are a very well made product."
I did all my baby gifts Im sure also will be usefull to another things to put in them. Bye
"Im doing my babys gifts are wonderfull for all my friend, Im sure they are goin to use for more things"
I was surprised how much smaller the flowers were that I made with this loom than the size of the loom.  I thought making the flowers was more frustrating than fun.
"Bought this as the needed supplies for my knitting. I think its great, it is missing some parts but basically does and has the major stuff you need. Would absolutely recommend to others especially those starting out. This was great and helped me continue and finish my projects."
"Received these today, and already completed 2 Irish Lace squares for a shawl in short order.

They are very comfortable to use.  The handle is like anti-fatigue.  The hooks are smooth and the work is easy going.  The case is lovely and fits the hooks perfectly.  It is well made.  The stripe case is very visual so you easily see it if you misplace it, to find it in your tote.

I rated these 4 instead of a 5 for two reasons:

1. All the hooks are the same color.  I knew this when I bought the set, but having different color hooks is something that has been ingrained into my head for more years then I will admit to.  There is real value in different colored hooks, so you can - when needed - use light colored hooks against dark yarn or the opposite.  The handles are very clearly marked in Letter and MM, and it looks to be in the handle and I could not scratch it off so I am confident that this will not wear off.

2. They are shorter overall then standard hooks.  They may be too short the ends may poke into the palm of your hand if you have large hands.  My hands are a solid medium size in gloves and they just fit perfectly.  But I do miss the extra length.

Overall I am very happy with the hooks and the case.

FYI the case is available empty on Amazon.  The case is made for the length of these hooks, and is just a tad too short for standard hooks.  It will work, but it does not roll smoothly because the hooks come right to the end where the ""keep the hooks in the roll top flap"" folds over creating a touch too much bulk."
Everything I need for my knitting projects is in this little package.  I recieved this 2 days after I ordered it.  Very Happy.  Exactly as described.
This set is fantastic! The range of sizes ensures you can work many different patterns and yarns. The only size that would have been beneficial to include is a 4.5 as they include a 4 and a 5. The hooks are smooth and easy to use and glide well through the yarn. The flat ergonomic handle is absolutely wonderful and avoids hand strain and fatigue.
"I loved these hooks when I first got them, however I have started an afghan with the barvarian stitch and I can not do the stitch with this hook, the part from the handle to the tip of the hook is too short, I need it to hold 10 stitches of worsted weight yarn, and that is not easy to do. I had to pull out my old standby Boye hooks. For any other type of crochet these hooks are really great, there is something about the shape of the actual hook that make is easier for me to crochet. I have tried many other kinds of hooks, and none have a hook that is a nice as these."
very easy to thread through. does not fray the yarn at all! the different sizes helps for stylistic sewing the yarn for various projects.
"I was following the instructions on the youtube video, and i was being very careful and I cut the yarn carefully and I tied the knot carefully and tight, but it fell a part after 2 minutes or so... but I'm pretty sure I just need more practice, that's all.

for the two minutes that the pom pom was made, though, I was amazed by how cool and perfect looked, I've made pom poms with cardboard, but it's just not the same, the cardboard pom poms look, for of a better word, kinda skinny and sick (sounds weird, I know)

I give it 4 stars because I still can't figure out how to keep the pom pom together, but I'll upgrade to a five when I figure it out"
"Keeps all my needles together very well, including multiples of differing sizes. It being of lower grade plastic, sometimes the screw off top doesn't catch the grooves too well and comes off easily, but doesn't hurt the function too much."
"This is a useful little set of finishing needles.  There is one large needle with a blunt tip, and a medium and small needle with sharper tips.  All are big eyed.  The case is sturdy plastic with a screw on end and has room to store additional needles.  I prefer the blunt tipped needle to weave in ends of a knitting project, while the sharper tips are good for Russian Joins."
"I stumbled across this product through a blog that I found via pinterest.  A little convoluted of a discovery but it's fabulous.  I wanted to make a little flower to put on my cousin's bridal shower gift because the store wrapping job, although better than what I would've done, was a little too impersonal for me.  I've not used a loom before but it was simple, and I used the instructions for a basic flower that came in the packaging.  I made a nice little white flower with a purple center using used some red heart 100% acrylic yarn scraps that I had around the house.  I look forward to playing around with this soon once some other, bigger to-do's are done."
"Nice and smooth, good assortment of sizes, simple colors.  I have always preferred closed rings to open ones.  I would like to see other assortments geared towards small and large.  Rainbow colors would be fun, too."
"I like to crochet hats. I am actually pretty good at it. But when it comes to making embellishments for them, I am stuck at pom-pom level. So I got this loom to add flowers. I watched the video on YouTube that CloverCrafts, the manufacturer, put up, and within minutes, seriously, minutes, I was making a flower. My first one came out exactly like hers did, and in about 15 minutes I was adding the flower to a hat! I simply can not wait to try it out with ribbon and raffia, too!"
"I watched the You Tube videos to see how to use this product before receiving.  Otherwise, I think the learning curve would have been a little steeper.  It is a really cool idea, and the way the product was executed and packaged is ingenious, but it's a little tricky to manuever, especially toward the end.  Great service, however.  Received quickly."
My second set purchase!  Much needed if you work with yarn needles and yarns of various thickness.  Handy and practical case.  I love it!
"these are my favorite markers and i usually need to replenish them once or twice a year and they are actually hard to find in my local shops, so i appreciate having this resource for doing so."
"This set is a better value than buying each individually. The Clover brand has good quality needles and the 29"" length generally works for me. I love that the case is compact. I just wish that Clover also made a 36"" circular needle set!"
"These clover takumi getaway soft touch crochet hooks gift sets are great. I have arthritis in my hands that makes it very painful to crochet with regular hooks. These hooks work great with my hands, no pain.  Between taking my children to their outside activities and other responsibilities, I am able to just toss my set into my bag and go.  I am always crocheting or knitting when ever I get the chance.  Love them!!!"
I love these hooks... the flat handle works for me.  I can't crochet for a long time without stopping to stretch my hands!!
These are so handy for taking my needles with me and no finger stabs!  The twist on top is pretty secure and the case holds quite a few needles.  I couldn't be more pleased with this product.  Just what I needed.
What's to say? They do what they are supposed to do and are well made -- no rough edges or points. I've always been satisfied with Clover products.
"I love the soft touch hooks. They are a bit pricy but they worth the bucks. I don't have any hand problem but I find regular hooks uncomfortable after crocheting longer than 1 hour so I started looking for hooks with handles and I settled on those.
Before I got them I thought all hooks in the set will have the same handle size but it turned out that as the hook size gets bigger the handle gets thicker; It doesn't mean that some hooks are more comfortable than the others as even the smallest C hook feels comfortable for me (I have small hands and I use the knife hold). Compared to my other hooks, these are the shortest which is not a problem for me but I think people with large hands might find it a bit too short so I strongly recommend you try them at any crafts store before buying them here. The case, though cheaply made, is a nice extra. The hooks themselves are sturdy and yarn slides easily on them. I expect them to last long."
"Lightweight and smooth and with a tip that is sharply pointed enough to work through the tightest crochet work, these have become my go-to hooks. I actually bought them by mistake, putting them in my cart when I meant to be purchasing the&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Clover-Takumi-Getaway-Soft-Touch-Crochet-Hooks-Gift-Set-8-Sizes/dp/B0016N3PKW/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Clover Takumi Getaway Soft Touch Crochet Hooks Gift Set, 8 Sizes</a>. I have a couple of individual hooks from the soft touch variety and I have to admit that while I like the comfort of the handles, I prefer the hooks of the bamboos better. They have the sharper points rather than being so rounded so I have more control over placement into stitches that might be made from splitty yarn or might be tighter than average. I love these hooks."
"The Hana-Ami flower loom was just what I was looking for.  I have seen this offered for a higher price at other locations.  Perfect for my scrapbooking, knitting and crochet projects.  Easy to use."
"Wow, this is so much easier and faster to use than the rings I cut from cardboard as a child.  Makes a full round pom pom in minutes with very little work needed to clean up ""scragglers""."
"I whipped out a flower within 5 minutes of walking in the door with this. It is easy and makes adorable flowers!! I do agree the price seems high but you get several looms for your money and the possibilities are endless. I can't wait to make flowers for hair things, bags, shirts, skirts. I will definitely get my moneys worth.

I am not sure how people are having so many issues but if you are look on you tube they have great videos that will help!"
"I received the crochet hook carrying case with needles on time and have already put the package to good use.  I wanted a way to carry a variety of extra needles and this has accomplished its task.  Mainly, I wanted wooden needles to carry on a plane so I could crochet on long flights or while waiting in the airport.  The needles are nice, smooth and light.  However I wish there was an indentation on them where one grips the hook as it would make it easier on the hands for gripping purposes.  The two extra spaces left in the case were useful.  I used them to store my ""weaving"" needles.  All in all the case is durable and convenient, but I will only use them when I'm away as without a grip on it they are a little uneasy to work with."
"I have had two carpel tunnel releases and I used a Clover hook before I had the operations because it was most comfortable.  I've used alumimum, plastic and the steel hooks for various projects and the Clover hooks I've used exclusively for two years now and have had no problem.  Every individual has to find the type hook that is most comfortable for them, as I did.  My hands are not dainty, they are arthritic, and I hold the hooks any way comfortable for me. I stop and exercise my fingers every hour, too. I started out with just one hook and, sorry, I'm hooked."
"I was very excited when ordering this set of Pom Pom makers. Upon it's arrival, I opened it immediately,found that the seller had taken the time to leave a hand written note telling me to enjoy.... and made a perfect pom pom!! I will definitely order more Clover Products from this seller!"
"I'm not a knitter, I tried my hand at crocheting years ago and stunk at it. But this Hana-Ami flower loom is EASY!!! I will admit that I struggled with the yarn I had picked out at first. I used an organic yarn and a recycled yarn, both are nice, but I don't think they are well suited for this kind of craft. My first flower looks nothing like the picture, but that's ok it was my first try. The second flower I made was a huge improvement. The instructions were a little difficult to see, it's all printed in purple ink. Instead I went to youtube watched and followed a video, pausing it so I could fix my mistakes and kept running it back until I got it right. You have to give this an honest try, doubtful you'll get it the first time around. Not everyone is going to be able to make perfect flowers the first time they pick it up. With practice, determination and the desire to keep going you'll be making those perfect flowers in no time!!!"
"I hated making pom-poms but now I just whip out this handy tool and I have a pom-pom in minutes. This size maker makes perfect sized pom-poms for baby hats. Haven't used the smallest sized that comes in the package but I'm sure it works fine. Keep your instructions. Although it's easy to use, if you haven't used it in a while you'll spend a lot of time flipping it open and over and trying to figure out how it works. Being a notions/gadget collector for sewing and knitting(like some women and thier shoes) I've yet to find a Clover product that hasn't met my quality and usefulness standards."
"I purchased this knitting needle set mainly because I wanted to have a set of inexpensive wood knitting needles in every size on hand for students. I love the case. It's well made and versatile with enough pockets for all the knitting needles and a small square pocket for accessories. The needles themselves are the same Clover bamboo needles often carried by hobby stores. I have a good variety of knitting needles including old-time metal, bamboo, birch, rosewood, plastic, high-tech polymers, nickel, and so on. As a result, I'm familiar with the differences. Clover bamboo needles have dull rounded tips so they're not great for advanced projects. They are reasonably smooth, but nowhere near as smooth as premium needles. My personal preference is for the smooth feel of birch or rosewood, and I like pointy tips when I'm working on an advanced lace project. I do, however, occasionally work simple projects on Clover bamboo needles. Since these are very inexpensive, I also often give these away to beginning students. Either way, I think this is a great kit to have on hand, especially considering the price. Our local hobby store sells Clover knitting needles for up to $10 a pair, and I've seen similar cloth cases for as much as $35."
"My first flower loom was a kk bloom loom.  I like it, but it's limited in what you can do.  I wanted to have double pegs for some projects, and I also wanted a square loom.  I did a lot of research before purchasing and I believe that the hana-ami is the best loom you can find, both in the current market and in the vintage market.  You get six different looms, and you can put the smaller ones with the larger ones in both the circle and square shape to get a double peg loom.  The base makes holding the loom and keeping the tails of your working material out of the way of your work much easier.  It works well with threads, yarns and ribbons, and I really love that it all snaps together neatly, so I don't have a pile of looms to find a place to store.
The instructions aren't the greatest, but I found a wealth of information on the web, especially at knitting-and dot com.
I haven't had problems with thread/yarn/ribbon slipping off of the pegs.  All in all I've found it a pleasure to work with, and with all of the shapes that come with it, the possibilities are endless.
If you want a flower loom, this would be the one to get."
I love bamboo knitting needles and have become addicted to the Clover Takumi Getaway sets.  They are a great basic set and the case keeps everything neat and handy to throw into your travel bag.  I looked at the reviews on some of the other types of bamboo needles but I keep coming back to these because I like the quality.  I haven't had an issue with any of my Clover needles.  With this set I only wish that they were longer.
"This is a must-have set of darning needles for anyone who is just starting to knit or crochet, and a great addition to the established knitter or crocheter's arsenal of tools (like&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Clover-Knit-Mate-Knitting-Accessories-Set/dp/B000WV1X8A/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Clover Knit Mate Knitting Accessories Set</a>&nbsp;).

Makes a great stocking stuffer!

The case comes with three different sized straight steel darning needles, one that can double as a yarn needle to weave in your loose ends or for the kitchener stitch. The screw-on lid has a little tab with a hole that you can attach a jump ring to (I'd recommend a small gauge split ring, like a small key chain) which would allow you to attach it to a&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Chums-Carabiner-Keychain/dp/B003CK7TB8/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Chums Carabiner Keychain</a>&nbsp;to clip onto your knitting bag with your&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Clover-Thread-Cutter-Pendant-Antique-Silver/dp/B001DEJM8I/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Clover Thread Cutter Pendant, Antique Silver</a>&nbsp;or other tools like a&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Clover-Yarn-Threader/dp/B002HR4CW6/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Clover Yarn Threader</a>, or hang it on a chain around your neck to make it easy to find. The chubby case is easy to locate in the bottom of your knitting bag (My favorite is the&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Bagsmith-Black-Project-Bag-Knitting-Craft-Collapsible-Storage-Stand/dp/B000WV3YUA/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Bagsmith Black Project Bag Knitting Craft Collapsible Storage Stand</a>) and the screw-on lid keeps those needles where they belong, away from delicate fingers when you go digging around in your notions bag looking for something!

Additionally, the case is roomy enough to add more needles to and could even hold some small stitch markers and a safety pin if you need to travel light with your project."
"I am a beginning knitter, teaching myself and this is a wonderful set of helpful tools. I have used most of the pieces and enjoy not having to run out and purchase these as individual purchases."
"I was unsure which sizes I needed, but this seems like a good assortment for a range of knitting projects.  The case is very cute and the needles seem high-quality."
"When I ordered this, it didn't say it was unavailable.  I've been waiting for almost a month and it was a special present for a friend to cheer her up on the anniversary of her husband's death.  How disappointing!  And I can't even complain about it to Amazon -- my only choices are to cancel the order or write a review.  So I'm writing a review.  I hope it becomes available soon.  They don't tell you anything......"
"The needles were great.  Smooth and durable.  The case was also great, easy to keep my needles organized with extra pockets to place extra needles.  The only thing is the price.  The needle sizes, as mentioned on other reviews, had an 8 as the smallest.  I don't really use a lot of the larger needles, and you can find a set of clover single point needle for about 5-6 dollars at Michael's.  So if you'll use all the needles it's definitely a great deal.  If not, it would be cheaper just to get the needles and the case on an individual basis."
I wanted a larger pom pom maker and this is just what I needed fo my craft projects.  It works perfectly.
"I ordered this set because I am new to knitting so I don't have a large selection of knitting needles and each project seems to require a different size of needle. I originally planned on purchasing the single point but at that time amazon did not offer it with free shipping.
Clover is known for having quality bamboo needles that are easy to learn on for beginners. Each needle has its size etched on the side, to help easily choose the correct needle. A single circular knitting needle can cost you $10-12+ at a sewing store. This set comes with 7 sizes of circular knitting needles with a nice case to keep in your basket so its a great value over purchasing the needles separately. It really helps to keep your needles organized. I have also purchased a Clover knitting kit from this site that is great quality and kinda cute as well."
It has all the basics you need to help get you started with knitting that most beginners guides suggest. Only thing really missing was a small pair of scissors but for this price I consider it a good buy regardless. All the stuff definitely would have been more if I had bought each item separately.
"This little kit is the perfect collection of notions for ""newish"" knitters that have moved beyond knitting squares and rectangles. Knitting is one of those artforms that seems to have far more notions, gadgets and accessories than it should, and if you're not looking to invest a great deal of money but still need those doodads as your projects get more ambitious, this kit has everything you'll need at a price you'll like. The quality of the tools is about what you'd expect for the price you pay, which is to say it's sufficient and will do the job quite well, but it won't be as outstanding as a higher priced tool might be.  The plastic pouch is great for reigning in the knitting clutter and travels easily. Over all, the product is well thought out, very functional, and priced just right for those just getting into knitting. Highly reccomended."
"I got this item for my Mother-in-Law who does a lot of crocheting.  I had an opportunity to try out one of the hooks.  I have to say that it was very nice.  Normally I make my stitches very tight.  When I crochet I always have to go up 2-3 hook sizes to get the right gauge.  Anyway, I noticed that my stitches weren't quite so tight when using these hooks.  I made a small dog sweater in a sitting and I had no problem with my hands getting tired.  The case is also pretty nice.  I wish I had something like it for my hooks.  The only other thing that I think would be nice is if the hooks were color coded like you normally see.  However, it isn't a big deal.  I would definitely suggest getting the set because it was much less $$ than it would have cost to get them individually.  I think these will go on my wish list (even though I have all the hook sizes in this set already).

I can't wait to hear how my Mother-in-Law likes them after she has tried them.  She seemed to like the idea of the bigger handles.  The case was a bonus that she thought was really neat."
The needles set is just right for threading yarn to use as a lifesaver while knitting - and for weaving the ends of yarn back into the item I am knitting.
This pom pom ball maker is super easy and makes a perfect topper for a hat every time.  The instructions are in various languages and are super easy to figure out!  Whoever invented this handy little tool is a geneous!
"I was new to knitting and thought this set with 7 needle sizes would be a great buy.  I was right!  :)

As anyone who knits knows, we often work on more than a few projects at a time and I found myself needing to buy needles from my local yarn shop.  I do try to buy local when I can so while the individual needles were more expensive than a set, I bought them anyway.  I have  Brittany and Palm Forest brands, just to name a few.  There is such a difference between these Takumi needles.  I was knitting a scarf with the Brittany's and wanted to use a larger needle to bind off with and I grabbed one of the Takumi's and it was BLATANT how much smoother the Takumi's are.  I often think that you get what you pay for but these needles are just great.

The only thing that could make them better is if they had a set with the smaller sizes 1 - 7."
"I definitely love these  needles!  i was just recently wanted to learn knitting after watching OhMyGOddess the movie where belldandy knitted a sweater...
i haven't knitted before in my life but i decided i would try and have a go at a scarf... i went to walmart and picked up one of those cheap aluminum ones since that was all they had. they were quite long and hard to handle for a beginner like me but i still managed a little bit. After i realized that yarns and needles have to match i went and searched for the right size needle online. i found the clover takumi ones and FELL IN LOVE.
 they are so easy and light weight. it doesnt feel like anything at all in your hands and the stitches don't just fall out of nowhere like the aluminum ones.

and this set is definitely a steal. 25 bucks for 7set of needles is really cheap. i bought one #7s in Michaels and they were like $4something each plus tax it was around 5 bucks...

Now im inlove and totally addicted to knitting. i would totally recommend this to anyone who wants to start knitting. its a fun and productive hobby."
"I order this item to create ""eyeballs"" for my grandson's Halloween costume.  It was not only easy to do, but they looked fantastic.  I grew up making pom poms by winding them over cardboard and never got the results I did with this gadget.  I've since added more sizes and can't wait until my grandchildren are old enough to make them with me."
"I hesitated to buy this due to some negative reviews, but my experience with Clover tools has been very good, so I decided to get the Hana-Ami anyway. This loom combo is excellent. What I like:

1. Six looms that all nest together in one closed container.
2. Each loom fits onto the base individually, and the base has slots and notches to hold yarn tails. No trouble keeping a grip on the small circle and square.
3. Compared to other looms, these have more pegs. More pegs allows more options and fuller motifs when using thinner yarns, raffias, strings, whatever. The pegs are as tall as on other looms I have, so I don't know why others have trouble keeping loops on. The Hana-Ami's pegs are slightly tapered, which helps if you want to transfer loops to adjacent pegs (which you might do while weaving petals, for example, to taper the petal points).
4. This set comes with a centre peg that can be used on the base when making partial circles or squares or hexagons. The woven fan shape, a quarter circle, in the instructions could make dangles for earrings or an interesting pendant on a necklace.
5. Comes with a plastic needle with a curved tip.
6. Detailed instructions inside, and you can always find a lot more ideas for small looms at knitting-and dot com.
7. Includes approximate length of yarn needed for one pass around each loom. You know in advance if that scrap of leftover yarn is long enough to be useful. Actually, just about anything is long enough to be used in a flower centre.

I say ignore the naysayers and give this set a try. I doubt you'll regret it."
I just love the Clover crochet hooks.  They are so easy to use and my hands do not cramp with their use.  The seller was very reliable and things came promptly and in top notch shape.  Would highly recommend both product and seller.  One of the very best buys I have ever made!!!
"There are lots of materials used for knitting needles: metal, resin, acrylic, wood, and bamboo being the most popular choices. Each has its own pros and cons, but for beginners, I'd definitely recommend the bamboo. The reason for this is that bamboo tends to grip the fabric a bit, allowing for time in getting the finger position right and not letting loops slide off too quickly during stitches. A lost stitch can create holes in your finished product if you don't catch them in time, and it can be frustrating for new knitters to see their stitches wriggle off and disappear from the ends of metal or plastic needles. Experienced knitters also like knitting with bamboo because the grip works well with slippery fabrics.

Takumi has an excellent reputation among bamboo needles, and the set that I received holds up that standard. Extremely light needles with a very smooth finish. The tips have a nice, gradually tapered tip that is sharp enough to easily slip under stitches but not so sharp that they cause discomfort if you push on them as I do when I slide stitches forward. I've run yarn over all of them and encountered no snags or split tips. The bag is of a thicker, canvas material which I prefer as it's a bit more rugged than soft cloth. It also includes extra pockets should you want to add some more sizes.

The only downside is the that the sizes start at 8. The more popular non-sock sizes are actually in the 6-9 category, so I would have gladly sacrified a 13 or 15 (which I'll probably never use) for the more functional sizes. However, this is my own particular preference, and there may be knitters who prefer the larger mm. Overall, a great set of starter needles that is perfect for knitting up small baby items, afghan squares, washclothes, and scarves. If looking to knit larger items like sweaters, afghans not assembled, and the like...I'd look into the circulars or longer straights as the 10 inch ones are really too short for that sort of work. Just be sure and get some info on lengths and such because different items require different cord/needle lengths. It's not all just about tip size. Also, be aware that as your skill progresses and you knit faster, you may find the bamboo provides too much grip, especially with acrylic yarns. A lot of knitters continue to knit only with bamboo, but I mostly use my metal needles now. However, I don't regret buying these as they were the perfect beginner's tool."
"I bought a size I hook today for a project I'm working on for my daughter for Christmas.  I have carpel tunnel in my right hand and spent several hours awake with the pain last night,  most likely from crocheting.  The new hook was much easier to handle and my hand didn't hurt at all while using it.  With fingers crossed, I am going to order the set of 8 for $35 - I paid $11 for one!"
"I was disappointed with this flower maker. The directions are pretty vague so I was not able to make a flower. I am planning to see if you tube has any video demos, because I cannot figure out how to sew the center of it. It just says ""weave the thread throught the center"" Huh? So for now, I have not made a flower, though if I could get it to work I know i would like to make flowers for my knitting.
I recommend you pass on this item for now."
"I simply love these hooks. I have arthritis & thought I was going to have to give up crocheting altogether,until I found these hooks. Now, I can crochet without my hand hurting so bad. Would reccomend these to these highly."
love this set of clovers! pretty case and the hooks are very comfy to hold. very good price. love it!
This XL pom-pom maker is awesome!!! I have all the sizes now and I love how big it is. The best thing about this XL one is it has a locking lip on it unlike the other ones. Makes it that much easier. Hope you enjoy it like me!!!
"These are lovely hooks, the set is very nice, the case is useful and well-designed.  The only minor problem I have with them is their size and weight.  The idea behind soft-touch hooks is to make them more comfortable.  These are lightly cushioned, as advertised, but they'd be better if the handles were also a bit bigger, more ergonomic, to go along with the cushioning."
My right hand is paralyzed and I can use these hooks!  I have been using them for 7 years.  They are awesome and I really hope they are never discontinued!
These are so easy to make and i loved it. i learned the more yarn you put on one the fuller the pompom becomes. i'm havin fun with it and gettin creative!
Okay I am a knitter and I love this to add quick embellishments to hats and projects with leftover yarn.  I had no problems getting the yarn to stay on the pins.  I am thrilled with this product and sooooo glad that I bought it.  My little three year old has even used it (with my help) to make little flowers to add to her pony tail holders.  We love this.
Easy to use. No clear instructions but you can find more about it on you tube.
"Received these as a gift from my boyfriend, and am very pleased! I had wanted this set for a while, and was drawn to the larger handles since small crochet hooks are hard on your hands if you work for hours at a time.

Pros:
-Larger handles make is easier to work for longer periods of time
-Convenient carry case--small enough to fit inside of my standard sized messenger bag, but large enough to find easily at the bottom. Also keeps sizes neatly laid out and easy to find. I like the flap over top to keep the hooks inside the case, as well.
-Clearly marked US and mm sizes (no UK, but that's to be expected)

Cons:
-I do wish the handles were more round--the flattened handles make for easy storage, but do not fit ideally in one's hand.
-Ugly fabric for the case (this is nitpicky and just my opinion, but I thought I'd throw it in)

Overall, I love this set. The larger handles are much kinder to my hands and wrists, though the shape is not perfectly ideal. If you are worried about this, I recommend going to your local craft or yarn store to take a look at the handle shape first. Though, it has not significantly bothered me yet."
"These hooks are a pain in my hand!!!  If you don't use the pencil hold (aka the dainty hold) for your hooks, these NEED to be avoided!!  Not only are the ""handles"" too short, they are also too FLAT!!!  If you have carpal tunnel or hand fatigue, these hooks will offer you no comfort whatsoever."
Wonderful product for large thread and yarn.  Very sturdy and doesn't break like all the others.  Worth every penny.  I see me having this product a very long time.  Easy grip handle.
This is my first pompom maker.  It is relatively easy to do.  I plan on attaching the poms together and making a rug.
"Up until I got these handy gadgets, I had generally avoided making pom-poms.  Now that I have these, I'm back in love with pom-poms.

Using cardboard as my base was tricky, because the cardboard sometimes bent if it wasn't stiff enough or it would snag the yarn as I tried to remove the yarn from the cardboard.

I've also used the Lion Brand donut-shaped pom-pom makers, which work well, but looping the yarn through the center of the makers can be tedious, because you can't do it in one fluid wrapping motion as you can using a cardboard ""maker"".

So along comes the Clover pom-pom makers using the best of both worlds....1) fluid wrapping of yarn and 2) ease of removing the pom-pom.  Not only that, it has a way of indicating when you have wrapped enough yarn...you simply fill up the C-shaped ""arms"".  No more wimpy-looking pom-poms.

The Clover makers work similarly to the donut-shaped makers, in that two pieces are held and wrapped together with yarn, then the yarn is cut between the pieces and pulled apart.  But the Clover gadgets differ from the donut-shaped makers in that there are two ""half donuts"" (or arms) to wrap.  The two halves are snapped closed before cutting the yarn to form the finished pom-pom.  Sounds strange, but it works really well.

I highly recommend checking out Cloverneedlecraft's ""how to"" video on YouTube.  Also I recommend use of small sharp scissors for cutting the pom-pom yarn.

I have bought both the Large set and the Small set of makers, which gives me four different sizes to play with.  Back in love with pom-poms."
"Up until I got these handy gadgets, I had generally avoided making pom-poms.  Now that I have these, I'm back in love with pom-poms.

Using cardboard as my base was tricky, because the cardboard sometimes bent if it wasn't stiff enough or it would snag the yarn as I tried to remove the yarn from the cardboard.

I've also used the Lion Brand donut-shaped pom-pom makers, which work well, but looping the yarn through the center of the makers can be tedious, because you can't do it in one fluid wrapping motion as you can using a cardboard ""maker"".

So along comes the Clover pom-pom makers using the best of both worlds....1) fluid wrapping of yarn and 2) ease of removing the pom-pom.  Not only that, it has a way of indicating when you have wrapped enough yarn...you simply fill up the C-shaped ""arms"".  No more wimpy-looking pom-poms.

The Clover makers work similarly to the donut-shaped makers, in that two pieces are held and wrapped together with yarn, then the yarn is cut between the pieces and pulled apart.  But the Clover gadgets differ from the donut-shaped makers in that there are two ""half donuts"" (or arms) to wrap.  The two halves are snapped closed before cutting the yarn to form the finished pom-pom.  Sounds strange, but it works really well.

I highly recommend checking out Cloverneedlecraft's ""how to"" video on YouTube.  Also I recommend use of small sharp scissors for cutting the pom-pom yarn.

I have bought both the Large set and the Small set of makers, which gives me four different sizes to play with.  Back in love with pom-poms."
"I bought this flower loom yesterday with my 50% coupon at Michael's and after playing around with it for a couple of hours I promptly returned it this afternoon.  I am giving it 2 stars because the idea behind it is great and no doubt it is super-easy to shape the flowers, but beyond that I was completely at a loss. The pegs are too short and the yarn slips off very easily in the middle of your work making it very frustrating.  Also creating the center is not as easy as it seems.  The instructions are all in one color and the pics are not great so you cannot really see some of the small steps you need to really put the whole thing together.  I originally bought it thinking it would be fun for me and my 6-year old daughter to play around with, but will looking into learning how to crochet or knit flowers by hand instead.  I guess if you have alot of patience, give it a try...but make sure you use a coupon!  The loom retails for $20...seems a little much for not a whole lot."
Wonderful and quality product for those with arthritis or other hand issues.  It makes things much easier!  Shipping was prompt and the product was exactly as advertised.
This threader is okay but I really have not found a needle threader that is sturdy and withstands constant use like I need for my Quilting and sewing activities.
"I love these little guys. The left-right designation is smart, and having the little male/female connector ensures that you won't lose ONE of your point protectors again. They do roll, though, so maybe having a little bump on one side would be helpful, but these are fun, cute, colorful and very nicely made."
"These are my favorite crochet hooks that I've used so far.  They were suggested in the book&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Creepy-Cute-Crochet-Zombies-Ninjas-Robots-and-More/dp/1594742324/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Creepy Cute Crochet: Zombies, Ninjas, Robots, and More!</a>.  At first i bought just a G hook at a local craft store and then decided the get the whole set.  My main suggestion for these hooks though is that they come in different colors for each size.  I couple of times i picked up the F hook and started working on something that i had previously worked with a G hook.  I've also wished that they were a bit longer at times, but that might be because i have big hands."
Great for weaving in yarn ends
It works great threading my needle but it could use a magnet in the plastic end to secure it to my board because I keep losing it.....
These hooks are great if regular hooks make your hands ache.  Cleared up my pain very quickly.
"This is so awesome, I love it!"
"Arrived quickly, works perfectly, and is easy to use! Would definitely order again! Makes perfect pom poms for my crochet hats."
easy to use
Easy to use for a beginner
Great
Theses are hands down my favorite crochet hooks. The gold tip allows you to see your stitch better. The handle are designed to decrease the stress on your hands. The entire package is designed to have all your supplies available to you in an organized fashion. I would buy this over again.
"Best crochet hooks out there.  I wish they weren't that ugly dirty yellow, but my hands really appreciate their shape.  The only hooks I use now."
