"I love the waterbrush in this, which means you don't have to carry water with you or find a water supply.  The waterbrush has a little cap to the reservoir that keeps the pen from leaking.

This set is perfect for doing a little watercolor sketching on your lunch break or while you wait for the bus.  The colors are a little 'chalky' but look very nice once on the paper.  (Colors are not as vibrant as the Van Gogh or the Winsor & Newton ones.)  But it's still a good set.  Get it with a Moleskine watercolor pocketbook and you're ready for some sketching.

The colors are also listed as AP non-toxic, so you don't have to worry if you get paint on your hands while eating your lunch.

This set is good not only for the beginner, but also for the advanced artist."
"This is my first watercolor paint set. Frankly its just plain really cool. Setup is simple, open the box, set the pallet on the left or right side. fill pen with water screw on brush head. Paint. Thumb loop on the bottom is comfortable for left or right hand orientation. The color selection is ample enough to satisfy most of my needs so far. The paints are bright and vibrant. The water brush is a real joy to work with, its really quite versatile you can do washes or finer line work with it. One load of water in the brush is definitely enough to paint a whole 5x8 picture with ease. The box is solid and the hinge mechanism seems sturdy. Sized right to fit into cargo pant or jacket pocket. Matches really well with a Moleskin or Canson watercolor sketchbook. Another great feature is the cap for the pens water reservoir and cover for the brush tip. The cap allows you to store the filled reservoir without constantly saturating the brush head. All in all this is a really nice product. For me its been the perfect little introduction to watercolor painting. Id recommend this to anyone who's got the slightest inclination to try out painting. Its so delightfully simple to use, you cant help but have fun with it."
"I own this Koi watercolor kit. I truly love it! Why? the box is made of sturdy white plastic, it closes nicely. It comes with a great waterbrush; I love this brush!. Virtually, you don't even need to carry a bottle water, just have the waterbrush filled up with water before you leave home (assuming you only plan to paint for a very short amount of time or a small watercolor sketch)the sponge that comes with it absorbs water nicely.
My only concern when I bought this set was the quality of the watercolors (artist's vs. students) but the watercolors are really good! I was really surprise how bright the colors were!. By the way, I love and use this set so much that I decided to refill the pans.
A friend of mine saw me using it and I lend it to her, she loved it so much that she decided to buy one for herself! My baby brother loved my set so much that I bought one for his birthday! :) It is truly a great buy, easy to clean, very practical and useful. It is also a great gift idea for the artist in your family, compliment this gift with a small watercolor sketchbook and presto!"
I was looking for this before I knew it existed. I wanted a way to work with paint without a lot of the mess. I can now sit anywhere and paint. I don't have to worry about spilling or dripping on carpets etc.
"These are often recommended a good starter student set of watercolors. Hense why I bought it. I've learned a little since then and now know that I could get better products for nearly the same price. If I was starting again I'd buy a Mission Gold 24 set of tube colors. They're affordable, very saturated pigments, and artist quality.

Regarding the Koi set, they have half pans (the cups holding the paint) which are annoying to get color into brushes because the pan is so small its hard to pickup with a brush thats longer than the pan. The pallet is not reusable, you cannot remove the pans so they're difficult to clean. Some of the colors have heaved and cracked from wetting and drying repeatedly (as watercolors do). The colors seem to not be vibrant although thats just what you get with student grade colors. I found the water brush cumbersome to use. Prefer real brushes."
"I love this watercolor set! It's small enough to carry around, but has more than enough colors to make me happy! The moveable mixing tray is perfect. The one thing that I don't understand is how to use the lid as a ""mini-easel."" I could easily put a small piece of paper in it, but as soon as I put any pressure on it, like from a brush, it doesn't stay upright. Maybe you're meant to hold the back up with a finger or two? That part doesn't matter to me, though, as I typically paint in a Strathmore watercolor journal. All in all, I'm very happy with this purchase!

I usually put the mixing tray in the top two holes, as shown in the pic, but it fits easily to the side and bottom, as well. Whatever works for you!"
good colors
"So easy to use and portable, and the colors are very vibrant and beautiful. My sister's dog chewed up my little brush though which was so convenient so I have to find where to get a replacement"
Loved it.
The paints are not as highly pigmented as real artist quality watercolors. For about $20 they are worth getting and playing around with; otherwise Shinhan watercolors are much better and also very inexpensive.
Great for watercolors and Zentangle
"It just arrived,vand I tried it out. It's about 6.5"" by 4.5"", so will be easy for urban sketching. I just laid down one layer if paint, and colors look nice saturated. The paper is Canson mixed media, 5.5"" x 8.5"" and didn't warp. I would be happy with a larger set as well. I didn't use the enclosed water brush, which comes with a stopper for the water reservoir section. Remember, it unscrews opposite of what you might think. I'm a beginner and have reservations about sketching outside due to vulnerability. But many people live in safer environments and would find this set a boon for their outdoor artwork."
Love it.  Great for travel.  I will purchase smaller brush to put in the case as I already misplaced the water plug.  And then the entire brush.
Didnt work how I wanted...but love my other paint pens like this!
Love these!  Compact and the colors are vibrant.  Some colors are more translucent than others.
I only wish I would have bought the one with more colors!
"I absolutely love this palette, its great for traveling and has lots of quality pigments. I would however, recommend using brushes other than the one that comes with it."
"The colors are beautiful. The setup is well-thought-out, convenient and compact (the 48 color set box is about 5""x8"".) I'm an absolute beginner with watercolors -- I knew I didn't want tubes of liquid paint, and I didn't want a billion brushes. I wanted to try out reasonable-tending-toward-small amounts of many brilliant colors, which is exactly what I got with this set. I have no opinion on whether its grade should be considered ""professional"" vs. ""amateur"" vs. ""child"" -- honestly, I've seen people make amazing art with crayola crayons or bic pens, I don't care about any of that - if you do, maybe read a different review. But, if what you want is to put very delicious colors onto some heavyweight paper, and if you'd like to do so just about anywhere without having a huge mess to make or clean up, get these paints. They rule. I was already prepared to love them, and I was still surprised at how lovely they are."
Wonderful!
"Arrived on time, packaged properly and product as described. The colors are rich and easy to use. Good quality, highly recommend"
love these and they last a very long time.
Its a cute travel set.
Very good! I really liked them :)
Great to carry to class and handy to use.
"It's a good set. The colors are vibrant the packaging is quite good. However, I was expecting a little more. On the inside of the box there were random dots of color that wouldn't wipe away completely. The area that incases the water brush was also dirty. Everything else seams to be fine and the random color spots haven't effected the quality or the experience with the paints."
"This was my first watercolor set and I absolutely love it. I don't have any other pans sets to compare it to but it doesn't matter because the colors are vibrant, the pans rewet great and the paints move well. I love that it comes with a water fill brush, you can literally paint anywhere. If you are a beginner looking for a starter palette,  this is a great option."
Very nice watercolor set!
I do a lot of water coloring and these are great! It's really nice for traveling and it doesn't take up a lot of space.
"I have the 24 color set of Koi Water Colors and have had them in my stash for a while but never used them. Today i used them for the first time and I'm blown away by the quality. The colors are beautiful and deep. When you mix them with water they seem more creamy than scratchy and thin. They are a little higher in price, but definitely worth the investment."
I love this set of watercolors. Its very easy to travel with in my bag. The water brush stays sealed and does not leak and is easy to clean off on the sponge. The bristles are synthetic and don't hold color after its cleaned. Good Picketts and control. Worth it.
My sister loves it!!! She says its super pigmented!!
"love! cute and minimal.
all you need is the primary colors to create more colors."
Used this on my last camping trip to Joshua Tree! Loved it!
These are so pigmented I love them
Best thing i've purchased in my life.
"I thought that I would like this set but I'm shocked by just how much I like it. The paints are bright and vibrant and the case makes it so easy to use and transport. I highly highly recommend this set, even if you aren't planning to paint on the go!"
"These brushes are not a replacement for the wonderful Sakura Koi brush pen that comes with the Koi paint set. These ones leak water for about thirty seconds after being squeezed, making it very hard to control the intensity of the paint. They are also much smaller and will fit in an Altoids tin when unscrewed."
This watercolor set is really good with decent pigmentation. It is lightweight and good to travel with it.
Good little sketch companion. Case is well designed and strong.
Works great though I'm a novice.
Great starter set and will support your work beyond beginner level. Great selection of colors. When I first started out I used the colors as is for summer landscapes and as I improved I was able to mix same colors to expand to a range of different subjects. Water brush is fantastic too.
"Lots of colour options, compact, easy to use, great for traveling.  The water pen brush was really handy."
"This is an awesome watercolor set. I am new to watercolors, however I do have some previous art experience in acrylics, so I can recognize a quality paint. These paints are highly pigmented, not chalky, and have a great color variety. One thing I didn't realize when purchasing, is that the field set 30 color is a small kit, and the individual cakes of paint are really small. That means that they are great for the field and smaller drawings, but you might need a bigger set if you want to a lot of paint at a time. The container it comes in is amazing though! Very compact and convenient. Overall a great buy, highly recommend if you are looking for amazing quality for a great price."
"This 48-color Sakura Koi watercolor set is incredible.  I have a WInsor-Newton set and a Van Gogh set, and the Sakura Koi colors are more saturated, and they seem to become wet and usable more quickly.  The colors are beautiful, and I love the handy palette that you can attach to swing out to the side or swing inward to be closed inside the case.  It's a manageable size for painting when you are out and about.  I wondered how well the water brush would work, and I was very pleasantly surprised.  It's excellent!  I thought I would need my usual set of different shaped brushes, but this brush is adaptable and can do some of the same things other brushes can do.  I'm thrilled with this set, and I highly recommend it for anyone with a budding artist in the family or just for those who want to have fun with watercolors but want good quality paints.  These paints make the time you spend on a painting worthwhile, because you end up with a beautiful result, and the thoughtful design of the case with its swing palette makes it convenient to use.  I considered several different palettes; I'm really glad I chose this one."
Very fun to use. I've never watercolored before and this was a great starter kit. The water brush was neat to use. Great kit for on the go and camping.
Very compact nice water brush included. Vibrant colors mix well.
"So disappointed. I have the Koi 24 color field kit that came with a larger version of this brush. The water from the reservoir should come through the bristles, but something is wrong with mine and comes through the gab between the bristles and the reservoir. You can see it in the picture. I tried cutting down the plastic so that it didn't push it out so far but it made no difference. Water doesn't go where I need it to and it makes a huge mess of my palette. I'm really upset. Want my money back :("
You get so much from this small watercolor set! It's incredible. I've used it so much and I love it! Strongly recommended. The colors are rich and vibrant.
Soooo nice!
"I understand the 'chalky' comments and I have no doubt that it's not up to par with professional quality watercolor paint but as a beginner this is amazing. It's a perfect travel palette and the colors are brilliant and beautiful. I'm new to watercolors and this has been my best friend. I especially like that the little removable mixing palette inside has little magnetic legs so you can attach it to the side and it doesn't wobble or fall, no matter where you place it. It has a little ring on the bottom to put your finger through in case you're doing street art? I don't think I'll ever use that. But it is probably handy for some! It's an awesome little palette, 10/10 would recommend."
They paint so beautiful!! And they r really cute! Such a great quality!
Perfect my niece love it
This is a great portable watercolour set at an affordable price. I was pleasantly surprised at the quality of the colours and am very happy with my purchase. I haven't used the brush it comes with so I am unable to comment on that but if you're looking for a compact watercolour set this one is very good.
"Nice vibrant pigment, lots of palette space to mix your colors, a decent waterbrush, and a handy sponge to sop up your excess water. The only real problem I have found with this set is the teeny tiny pan size. Other than that, this is a really solid beginner set."
I just recently started painting. And the first palette I had purchased was just a 7$ paint set I had got from Walmart. Along with super cheap brushes. It had made me frustrated because no matter how much water I had put it just wouldnt work. The brush that comes with this set is amazing. And so are the colors. You just need a drop or two of water and the paints are good. Theyre vibrant and they go on so smoothly. I couldn't wait to try painting something so instead I just swatched the colors.
"Good quality watercolours. The only problem is that the brush is a bit too small for my liking, so it depends on how you like holding your brush."
"Very cute and compact! Fits in my small lil case perfectly with no trouble, and it spreads the color like a charm~ Def recommend it for anyone!"
It's a great water brush!  I really like it.
"Was looking to get myself an affordable travel watercolor set that I could take with me on the go, and when I found this one I was skeptical because the price seemed too good to be true, but I was utterly blown away by the quality of these paints and how easily I am able to work with them. Needless to say Koi has made a very pleased and very loyal customer out of me!"
"Really like the brush, but has sealed shut and can't open it."
Student grade but vibrant and easy to pack for plein air painting.
Nice set for traveling !
"Assorted colors and convenient packaging allows me to use it when I travel. Ive had this same set for 5 years and I still use it. Its a great beginners paint set and the quality is decent for the price. However if you are a more serious artist or have better funds, I would highly recommend getting a professional set rather than this one. This set is only for casual users/students and the colors are chalky and not as vibrant as I would like. That being said, its still a great bang for your buck."
This has become one of my favorite watercolor sets. (I also have a Decadent Pies Prima set and a Yarka St. Petersburg set.) I love the variety of colors that are still extremely portable. I use this to do quick washes on my sketches. I recommend this so much I bought one as a gift for a friend who wanted to get into watercolors.
"Super fun to use, colors are vibrant. My only complaint is that the brush has deteriorated very quickly. Its probably at least partly my fault though."
Loved it!
"My daughter is an art student and she LOVES this water color set, she says it is a great size to take everywhere with her. The colors are beautiful and it makes a wonderful present."
My daughter loved them!
"I really like this little set. It's really cute and I discovered some features on it that I didn't realize came with it. I have only tested it, haven't actually used it on any of my art yet."
Great quality watercolors and favorite packaging - perfect for on the go. Ive painted in airports on planes in cars by rivers and more.
"Love this company and purchased a smaller one before. However, this one looks used, dirty and old. Very disappointing."
Was a gift so can't comment much.
Great travel set.
A perfect gift for my friend who loves to draw/paint.
"colors are vibrant, brushes work well.  The palette is limited, wish there were more in the purple part of the spectrum, but a great kit non-the-less"
Love this watercolor set!
great colors and good to use while traveling.
This is the perfect set for product designers or architects who just want to add color to sketches and want to get away from the marker look.
"The brush that comes with this product is horrible, all the colors easily fall out and are not as pigmented as expected"
The colors are vibrant! The case is the perfect travel pack! I'll be ordering a larger set in the future!
Excellent.
I use these watercolors all the time. Ive made some pretty exquisite creations. Awesome!
Cute little paint set. Very expensive tho as it was so small.
The paint seemed fine the first time I used it. Second time it seems to separate.
"The watercolors are really beautiful and can be very transparent and opaque! And they look very pretty, although in the tube set there isn't any grays Which is unfortunate since grays can be pretty useful but other than that great set  and the package arrived in good condition an on time
Ps my color chart skills are really bad but i wanted to show the swatchs of the colors"
"I'm very happy with my new paint set.  There are a lot of nice colors and I can't wait to try them all !  I have a smaller Sakura set that I totally love and it's the perfect size for when I'm outside,  but I have been wanting this larger set for ages and I think it will be fine for on the go sketching.  I've seen reviews that say these are not artist grade but I think Sakura makes a fine product and I'm very pleased with them."
"Unfortunately, I got these right before I got professional watercolours, and so I didn't use them much after I discovered the quality jump. However I have this to say: beautiful transparency and nice colours! Feels a little cheap, and shrinks a whole lot when it dries."
"super portable, rich colors"
"This set is PHENOMENAL! I ran into an artist at a craft fair who was using it and really liked the design, included tools, and apparent convenience. I've used many different mediums, acrylic, chalks, oil pastels, pencils, pens, and even watercolor in the past, but not like this! (I can paint with it in the bed!!) The compact design is wonderful and I imagine the paints will last me quite some time. I never knew water color was exactly what I needed to achieve the results I've been searching for. The pictures attached are my first few projects with this pallet and I intend to keep the momentum going!

My only concern, is the tip of the brush in the included set dislodged and can be moved about, making the tip longer or shorter depending on how its positioned. When this happened, a few bristles also came free. I had purchased a set of varied brushes from another merchant, but even with the mentioned defect, all the work produced was done primarily with this set's included tool.

I would recommend checking out a few youtube tutorials and technique videos for a quick and easy how-to of watercolor. I watched a very helpful, basic technique video by ""Mr Otter"", and then discovered more artists of interest thereafter.

Happy painting, Friend!"
"I love using these watercolors in my cardmaking, but I find myself doing several layers of paint to get the look that I'm after."
"This is the second time I have invested in a koi watercolor set- the quality of the paints and the brush is top notch. With water in the refillable brush and some paper you have everything you need to paint wherever. The brush can be filled with water, used to paint, then you can remove the brush tip and seal the container with an included plug situation- so you don't have to worry about emptying the water to put it away, or about bringing water with you to fill it up if you are painting on the go. Beautifully executed design- highly recommend!"
"I loved working with these, buttery and well pigmented, the paint brush pen is not as superior as some other brands, but well enough.  This is a great little travel kit to keep in my satchel so I can sketch on the go. It stays shut and the insides are tidy and compact. The sponges on either side are great for cleaning your brush and are removable. Perfect amount of colors."
"Couldnt ask for a better set! This thing is the most portable and easy watercolor set ever, and the colors are amazing! The only thing I would like to have seen would be a paper holder inside. Then the package is complete!"
"Beautiful paints! I love how compact the travel case in, it will definitely encourage me to do artwork while I'm traveling!"
I love this set. Super portable and colors are nice and vivid. The included pen is also pretty great. Awesome travel buddy for artists.
so convenient and the colors are great!!
I have heard of this watercolor set and I thought I'd give it a try. It's perfect to take it anywhere with you! I absolutely love how compact this palette is. The pigments are so vibrant as well. The water brush isn't that bad either. I think it's a pretty decent price for a nice watercolor palette.
"Very small set, but perfect for when you need a travel set or you don't want to get out your huge palette of watercolors.  Wonderful selection of blues.  Amazing blues!  Watch out for the deep red color, and test it first.  It is very very staining and dark.  Much more than the other colors, but it is good if that is what you need.  Swatch out the colors first and you will be so impressed.  I love them.  Wonderful if you are making cards and so handy for when you are lazy and just want to use a quick set of your watercolors, just grab and go.  Well worth the money."
"Im not a professional but I love these paints. The 24 pallet has plenty of color to mix & play with. Very compact, sturdy, and convenient. The brush is good too, if you don't like it you can purchase your desired brush and still fit it in the case. No complaints at all, it is exactly as advertised."
"Very reasonable quality for the price.  Pigments are not as good as tube paint, but it was great for travel."
As advertised. Improved my pictures 50%! I love these paints.  Will use no other. Just what the masters in China use.
"The quality is amazing! I am just exited of the brightness of colors. Sakura painting is the best in watercolor category of art supplies. Feel that I am a lucky person!!So happy that I am the owner of this beautiful watercolors. Buy the way, I like the design and presentation of package. Highly recommend for everyone!"
No problem with the colors
"I bought this set on a whim - even though I own many artist grade pallets (Schmincke, Sennelier, W&N) and student pallets (Cotman, Prima Marketing). You could call me an art supplies junkie - I cant help it, I love art supplies! I was very impressed at how these paints glazed and layered. They also didn't get muddy even though I mixed multiple colors. The pictures below (WIP of a portrait) was made with only colors from the 24-color Koi pallet. Im impressed!"
"I got the 12-color kit to try out water colors in my spare time for stress relief (~5-15 minute sessions). It's compact and portable, which is exactly what I was looking for. It easily fits in my bag or jacket pocket. The waterbrush doesn't hold very much water inside, but it's enough for a short painting session without refilling. I can't remark on the paint quality because I'm not familiar with other watercolors.

All in all, I've been very happy with it, which is why I'm purchasing the larger 30-color kit to bring along on my next trip."
Colors are bright and vibrant!
"Being this is my first travel sized kit, I like the Koi field set. The paints are brilliant and vibrant that blend very well.
The mixing palette MIGHT be a little annoying because it's not embedded in the lid. It is separate but can be attached to the paint case within the holes of the case on either the left or right side by the pegs on the underside of the palette. A narrow sponge and a paint brush that holds water, are included.
The body of the brush is a tube that is filled with water. It contains a plug, which is removed to add water. Then the head of the brush can be screwed on to it's water tube (brush body). A gentle squeeze releases water to the bristles. However, the need to blot your paint pan is a slight issue if too much water is released through the brush. It's hard to regulate how much water would be released.
Regardless of these small issues, I have enjoyed using the Koi Field Set. "
Love this brand and has lasted a long while!
Nice little kit. Haven't had a chance to use the paint yet but it looks like it will be just great! I would recommend this item!
"As my first watercolor pallet, I think this one works very nicely. The palate is pretty, perfect for a beginner. I would suggest to other beginners that you test out the colors before painting with them so you know what you are dealing with. These ones are more vibrant than I expected but that's fine (they are very pretty). I definitely plan on buying some more expensive watercolors but these are great for the price!

The brush is okay. It's a bit stiff. I've worked in other painting mediums and I can tell that the brush is lower quality than desired. It's not the worst, though. It would work well as a travel brush."
excellent quality
"It is so cute and tiny, but it has high-quality paint and a great build and size. It fits perfectly in a purse or bag, and it comes with a great pan for mixing pigments. If you paint often, I advise that you buy this. I like to use it outside with fresh-air and my table easel."
"This product is kids and travel friendly,  It's a good one."
"It is great. This is my first time with watercolor,and i think i did a great job because of the product. Recommended for beginner like me :) - i just sometimes don't like how thin the color is, (since it's transparent) so i need to layers it a lot"
"I love this little kit. perfect as a starter into watercolor, and it's the ideal size for travel which is awesome!"
"Lots of fun, every so often I just sit down and paint something and I love how easy it is to get started and clean up. Great for someone who paints once in a while and wants a compact set of beautiful colors."
Arrived on time & the quality is nice! I would buy again :)
Great little travel kit.  The colours are bright and fairly easy to rewet.  Only thing that is a downer is the holes that the mixing try fit into seem a little too big and the tray has fallen out of them a couple of times.  I've had to wrap some tape on the posts of the tray to make it a tighter fit.  But all in all it's a great little travel kit.  Pricing on Amazon is way better than the stores for sure!!
"My girlfriend was really happy with this gift, i'll totally buy again when this one goes empty!"
"Great colors, fantastic compact size for traveling, and easy to use!"
"Love this watercolor set, its amazing, lots of color choices and great saturation. Id recommend a million times over"
"Absolutely wonderful! I am so pleased with the paints. I got exactly what I ordered. The watercolor paints are awesome,  I've only painted my swatch page with them so far. They work so good. I'll definitely buy them again. The colors are so pretty. I don't think you'll be disappointed in buying these at all. I'm not, and I looked for a few days at paints and read reviews and decided on these, so glad that I did."
"Very good watercolor kit, especially for beginners. The paints do have a ""dusty"" quality if you lay them on thick or use mixed media paper. I noticed a sandy texture when touching areas where I had used a lot of paint. I also noticed that it's not easy to pick up paint that's already dried, unlike other watercolors. Other than that the colors are great and the little case it comes in is super convenient for painting on the go."
"Great Intermediate Watercolor set for on the go or small work areas. I don't like wet watercolors, so this was perfect for me!"
Exactly as described
Very thin and light pigment
New to watercoloring and this set is so convenient and so many color choices
"2nd time I've bought this product (though first time through Amazon) and I've really enjoyed using it. I always opt to use my own brushes, but this is a fantastic set up for field painting or urban sketching."
"Unfortunately, the paints are pretty grainy, so I wouldn't recommend this for an advanced or professional painter; however, with that being said, it would probably be appropriate for a young beginner or someone who isn't looking to spend a lot of money.
On a positive note, the palette is really compact, convenient, and well constructed."
This is the best watercolor set ever!
"This paint set is great! It is very compact and works great for those who are on the go and want to conviently pack their art supplies as well as for those who want a good set of basic colors to use at home. The extra benefits of this paint set are that it comes with a paint brush (that you fill with water as opposed to having to dip it in water) and it has a removable tray that you can use to mix paints/test colors.

In the pictures, I wanted to demonstrate the size of the brush compared to a standard pen as well as the quality of the colors in a painting I'm doing. I highly recommend this paint set!"
Would highly recommend!!
Very compact and easy to use and the colors look great. Very easy to bring with me or use at home colors are all beautiful!
"I love this do much, but I only give 4 stars is because the color cube fall a part"
Smells of the filler/ binder koi uses. Much more than pans.
"Purchased the 12 color sketch set at a local retailer. I decided to take the plunge and learn color theory with this product thinking it was a quality fine art purchase. After spending the last week learning about color and watercolor paint, I now wish I had gone with a traditional watercolor brand and not Koi, which is closer to a toy than a fine are product.  Think Crayola.

After researching watercolors and messing with the 12 color kit, this is what I learned.
*You want pigment not color.
*You want colors with very good lightfastness (otherwise they will bleach out)
*You want watercolors that will disperse and mix well and still keep their intensity.
*The more expensive the paint the more pigment it contains and less binder or filler.  The 3 categories are generally: Entry level, student level, professional level.  The price goes up with each.

Koi markets this as a student grade product but its not.  Its an entry level product but its overpriced for what you get and heres why.

Koi has these problems:
-They list colors not pigments (even though listing pigment makeup is standard practice for fine art products at the student level and higher).
 *This means you cant determine lightfastness unless you manually test it
 *You cant make a color comparison with other brands because color can mean anything.
 *More than likely this means they use very few pigments to mix all their colors instead of individual pigments for each color.  This makes the palette muted compared to the pure thing.
-The kit uses a cheaper single plastic plate with reservoirs for each color instead of the standard pan square making it impossible to replace individual colors.  (Tube paint isn't formulated the same as pan paint.  Yes you can use tube paint but it may not reactivate or the colors may appear dead.  They put different levels of gum Arabic, glycerin, and preservatives in pan paints compared to tube paint.)
-Koi only offers kits.  You cant buy individual colors to replace the one you use the most.

Considering all these negatives, the product is more of a toy with no way to compare colors to other companies because Sakura hides the pigment makeup. Along with the fact that these paints aren't archival, you're left wondering how they get away with pricing this as a student grade product and then provide no path to expand to professional grade among their brand or any other brand. Instead of buying the 48 color set, you're better off buying a professional grade limited palette. It'll be the same price. You may think you're getting less color, but you have more variety of pigment from the professional grade to work with giving you a much wider range of possible colors with the added benefit of less binder in the paint. In my case, I wish I had gone with something like Winsor & Newtons Cotman brand. That is actually a student grade product and they list all the pigments in their paint, sell them in individual pans/tubes, use standard pan sizes making it easy to replace, and as of this writing is $2 cheaper for the 12 color set than the Koi brand. Mind boggling to be honest. I wish I knew all this stuff a week ago. Meanwhile, my Koi set will be sitting in a container along with my other cheap art supplies.

Honestly, I feel mislead because Sakura offers other great product lines like their Pigma Micron pens. I mean, these guys even invented the oil pastel in the 1920's (cray-pas, a portmanteau for crayon pastel). And all these 5 star ratings from people who can't figure out how to correctly put together the water brush. I guess the easier something is to do, the less critical reviews become."
"The perfect size, the perfect combination of colors, the perfect brush, the perfect paletteall in one little box. The pigments in the colors are strong and bright, too. There's nothing I would change. (FYI, I took a 4x6 watercolor postcard and painted each of the colors in little blocks and labeled each so I could remember what the colors looked like once painted. This is a great reference that I keep right in the lid.)"
"The paint is amazing, mixes well and does exactly what I need it too. Love the size of this case, has a lot of colors in a compact case I can take anywhere. I often travel with my coloring stuff and now I can take watercolor paints too!  Pair with the water filled brushes and its the perfect traveling paint combo!"
This set is awesome! A friend recommended it for on-the-go use and it has been perfect. It fits in my backpack and even my purse so I don't have to worry about carrying around all my supplies.
Great product for the price. Colors are vibrant and the packaging is really nice.
Great for everything I want to paint
"I bought the medium tip waterbrush along with another set of paints and it works really well! The water flows nicely, and I've had no issues with it. Definitely would buy again."
Extremely pigmented. Fun assortment of colors. Lots of mixing space. Love it!
"A lot of YouTube crafters  really like this water brush,  and I thought I would give it a try because I'm always having to squeeze my Pentel Aquash to get water flowing. This brush is the exact opposite: you can literally wet a dry medium with what flows through the brush tip and it's still almost too wet  to paint in small details. I'm somewhat appreciating my Pentel a little bit more now,  but somebody who wants to paint on the go without a source of water might like this brush."
It worked like a charm! It's a lovely idea and is perfect for any watercolor arts! <3
"I love this particular product.  The 24 colors are wonderful. But mostly the handedness of the whole product for small paintings. I paint while watching TV on the couch and this eliminates a messy water container on a side table and a clumsy palette at my side.
I just received this and haven't tried it elsewhere yet. Thumbs up so far."
"This is so easy to carry and be able to create on the go. I just wish it had a pink in it, it's too difficult to mix every time. The brush is amazing and refills easier than other brushes I own. I cannot stress how crucial this product is if you like to watercolor It's so perfectly compact and a great range of colors. This is a great gift to an adult who is serious about learning how to watercolor or already does."
Value for money
I absolutely LOVE this. It is my go-to palette when I travel!
Super convenient for on the go painting! Really easy to pack and the water brush is so helpful though I did have to pack it separately since I couldn't take it apart after. The pigmentation is so nice and there is such a wonderful variety of colors. I am very happy i got the 24 count instead of the 16 as I have been using the purple a lot. This also works good as a general watercolor kit if you don't have a nice normal size one like me. It's a nice way of testing out higher quality watercolors before committing and spending 30-40 dollars on one.
"I bought these over a year ago when I decided to move from oil paintings to watercolors. The included brush frayed quickly and I didn't try to use it too often, but the paints are so high quality. They dry beautifully. I've only used them on cold press paper so far. These paints made me see the difference between quality watercolors and Crayola watercolors. Even after an entire year of constant use, the only pigment cake I've made a dent in is black. If the quality of the paints wasn't enough for me (but it is), the included palettes would totally sell this. I'm so glad I made this purchase.
The paintings below ALL use the Koi palette, although the last one uses at least one color from Prima's Decadent Pies palette.

(Instagram: @hunterrosej)"
"Really love it! Like the pigment, like all the color options available. There would be a benefit to getting the 24 color palette- there is room to store another brush, so you can use brushes with different size tips. Now, I just took my sponge out and added an extra brush tip in that space and switch out brush tips when I want to use a different size."
"Beautiful set, colors are amazing and it's just the right size to take everywhere!"
"Great watercolor pallet.  colors are vibrate and dries well.

Easy to take on a outing.  Highly recommend for any artist for traveling and home."
"A nice set for the beginner artist or for those who like to play with their watercolours. I would be happy to purchase this for a present for a beginner or intermediate artist. Excellent choice for the young artist.  Nice range of colours reduces the need to mix.  These are not professional paints but will still give a pleasing experience when using as long as the artist does not have high expectations associated with professional level watercolours.  Best wet down the paints some minutes before use for best results.  Many pigments are bright and intense although I found some of them, especially the browns, a little dilute. The box is sturdy and it's many features very useful.  The water brush supplied is a little small for my liking but can be replaced with out collapsible brushes.  Still an excellent idea to include a brush that holds it's own water supply. The side sponges can be removed and the space used to hold more colours if desired.  Adjustable palette is very useful with it's position being tailor-able to the artists individual preference.  Overall a fun little travel palette that I am happy to take on holidays with me or even when out adventuring locally."
I like this set for the convenience of the pans. It's good for messing around and quick sketches--it's very handy.
The paints tend to crumble even when I stopped using tap water.
"Great size for travel sketching.  Was going to order the stoppers only and two more size brushes when I came upon this.  Smaller reservoir than a regular water brush, but serves so very well in a small travel kit."
"Love it! I can create projects, big or small with these set of Colors. Packaging is compact which makes it excellent as a travel paint case. Pigments are excellent quality and do not smudge on fingers once dry."
Awesome buy
"I love, love, love, my watercolors and brush pen from Koi. I carry it with me everywhere and I get great results from the colors. i can't reccommend this set enough."
My sister loved these for her art projects.
My first set as someone who somewhat serious about art and I like the quality
This is a nice portable water color set. But I couldn't figure out why the water brush didn't fit until I recently read a review that pointed out it's a reverse -turn screw-on to assemble.  That was after I cut of some of the tip on the top of the water reservoir to try to make it fit! Frustrating! Pentel water brush is much better.
"my favorite water colors by far. the colors are rich. I didn't realize how cheap the plastic is though. it feels like something straight out of the 99 cent store. however the brush and paint make up for it, and the design for this product is quite innovative. just wished the ring in back could rotate with the book itself!"
Bought them for a friend she loves them
Beautiful colors.  Fun little box.  Perfect for travel.  I like having so many colors so I don't have to mix on the fly.
I bought this as a gift for my sister and she loved it!! :)
Nice set! Worth the price
"I bought this as a gift for a friend who paints mini-portraits and landscapes, she really loved it, she already had a few of these brushes but she likes to keep different ones for different colour tones for easy access and less cross-contamination when she's out painting in the fields.  I was worried it was too small to be comfortable, but she didn't mind it (or so it seemed). and it fits in her small watercolour kit.  I also like that the material is lightweight and doesn't feel terribly expensive.  My friend told me that these brushes are great at not over-saturating the paper with water, and keep a somewhat dry surface."
"Over the years I've been doing all sorts of artwork, including mediums like acrylics, pastels, etc, but wanted to try working with watercolors.  Just starting out, it came down to student grade watercolors pan sets---namely Koi (Sakura) 24 vs Winsor & Newton, Cotman 24.  I chose Koi b/c I liked the palette layout, 2 piece aquabrush and extra color mixing space. My mistake was assuming this set would include the basic colors used for most
paintings, I, like most people would enjoy doing. This 24 half pan set was missing Burnt Sienna and this color is used to mix with other colors to create so many useful hues for shadows, tree bark, etc.  Burnt Sienna is a must, imo!  I only gave this rating 3 stars b/c omitting this vital color was a major error, but I'll never assume again.  Lesson learned!"
"I love these paints as well as the box they come in. The kit expands to give plenty of mixing area, but doesn't require too much room when painting outdoors.
I am really happy with the paint colors. I would like to add them to my home pallet."
"Haven't used these yet (the reason for only  4 stars), but WOW how NICE & BRIGHT the colors are!  The case is FANTASTIC & VERY nicely constructed as well!  Sooo THRILLED!!!"
"The ink palettes are quite thin.  For the price, I think they really should be thicker.
The colors are beautiful though."
"AHH I was so excited when this came in the mail, and I was even more excited to write this review because let me tell you this is such an amazing water brush! The brush couldn't be any better it holds up enough water for you to paint for the whole day, but if you are working on a bigger piece I'd keep a water bucket by your side. This brush is sooo good I recommend getting this brush it is totally worth it"
"Great watercolor set! Nice, quality colors, good for beginners!"
"These are amazing, full-pigment paints with a fabulous brush.
Wish the company would offer single refills though. I ran out of white so I had to order a whole new set."
I love it!! The colors are so vivid and absolutely beautiful. I will definitely be purchasing this again in the future!
The water pen is kinda difficult to use. The paints are realllllyyyyy tiny if you didn't know. I knew they were small but they are really really small. Colors aren't bad Im just not used to water colors.
I love this brand of water color paste! The colors are vibrant and can easily be mixed with other colors. I am very happy with this set! Highly recommend!
Pen untwists counter to righty tighty.  Wrestled with this thing for an hour and managed to mangle the thing.
Surprisingly I LOVE the colors! The bright yellow and lime green are both VERY vibrant and the rest of the colors are as well. It's much better than the watercolors at Walmart. If you're seein this and have an Instagram add me @nightynightshade (art page) or Nightynightshadeeclipse (personal)
I really like these paints. I've used the tubes by Koi for years but these are great for painting outside or for small pieces. The pop out pallet is very handy too.
Beautiful colors
"bought a few more as a gift, really nice."
"Love this watercolor set! I first saw this being used by my friend a couple years ago and wanted one right off the bat. It's a great, compact-sized set, perfect for carrying around. And I love that it came with a water brush, I had to buy more because I loved how convenient they were. I highly recommend this for artists of any level."
This little paint palette is perfect for travel. It's compact yet it doesn't feel that way. The paint quality is excellent and easy to work with. The colors are pigmented and beautiful. Will definitely buy again!
"I got the 24 color set, but I believe I would go with a smaller set next time.  I did move on to tube paints, but use this for traveling (which is it's main purpose anyway).  I would recommend this for a nice travel set."
"Nice watercolors.  Gave as a gift because I liked my set.  Can't speak for their longevity...if they fade over time, but the colors are brilliant."
"I have just recently started using watercolors and this little palette is perfect! The variety of colors is good for the simple paintings I've doing. The added Water Brush is also a nice add-on, and it works well. I plan to buy the larger set of these in the future."
This is a beautifully designed watercolor set. Carrying it everywhere is a breeze and I can make most of the colors I want by mixing although mine is a 12 color set. Really enjoying the whole now world of watercolor as a hobbyist!
good selection of colors. very nice waterbrush. the pallet can be positioned in 3 different spots - clever. ring underneath - easy to hold for en plein air painting. the lid doubles as an easel.
These are so perfectly portable and the color is rich and easy to pick up. They are perfect for homeschool. So clever! I love the water barrel on the brush. They travel very well.
Most awesome watercolor. The water brush workd splendidly.
"Just started watercolor painting , I took a udemy course my Matthew Fussell  , its excellent and a friend mentioned his course and these watercolor paints. I highly recommend both I am also using Canson Watercolor Cold Pressed 140lb paper...Another great item on here"
"I dabble in watercolors...literally. I'm scared to death of them and desperately need a Watercolor Therapist. That being said, a glowing review from me will mean nothing to those far better artists who rightfully believe I have no right to even write one. I will then leave artistic reviews using words like ""pigment,"" ""hue"" and ""lightfastness"" to them. For me, so far, I am very pleased with how efficiently and functional this set is packaged. The few times I've ""dabbled"" have been a pleasure."
"The very first time I bought the entire koi travel watercolor paint set...i loved it...in fact I raved about it and suggested others purchase it. However, after having to replace the paint brush tip...it seems each subsequent tip i try to use, works for maybbbeee 2-4 times of use..and then the water no longer comes through the tip. It's especially frustrating when you are half way through your painting and can't complete it because the tip isn't working. I've already submitted a return request and the customer service was great. They sent me a new tip, no questions asked, and I appreciate it. But at this point...i can't say I'd be willing to purchase this product again given its unreliability."
Arrived intact and as advertised. The water brush is unexpectedly useful. Exactly what I was looking for.
"The watercolor set was perfectly fine (great size and super conviennent-would have given 5 stars). But in my set, all of the colors in the bottom row came off! It seems that it was originally super glued on but it came off. Super disappointed but other than that the product was fine!"
This set was perfect for a beginner who isn't familiar with watercolor. The water brush is so useful snd the paints are pigmented and easy to use.
"First off, these are NOT professional paints, but more serious art student paints. That said, for what it is, I give it 5 stars.  Since I wanted it for mainly sketching and journaling practice use, it's great.  The colors are comparable to Winsor Newton Cotman series.  Some colors are more opaque than translucent, but that's expected of student grade paints.

I really like the sturdy plastic case & palette.  I find that the ring at the bottom fits my middle finger, and I can position the palette on 3 sides.  The lid stays tilted, so I can place a watercolor postcard there and paint on it.  The palette tray has a lip, so the water washes don't dribble down  (unlike Winsor Newton cotman sketchbox - I always end up getting it on my pants).

I like the water brush very much;  the little black thing is a plug so the water doesn't fall out in transport.  You have to remove the plug to attach the brush head (unlike the pentel waterbrush).  Since I bought an arm-adillo to hold my brushes, I really don't put it in the box anymore.

The cakes are not standard half pans sized;  when I'm finished with it, I'll either refill w/professional paints, or cut out the paint area section, w/ double sided tape and put in half & whole pans of color.  Got this as a birthday present !"
Very happy with this.
Came in perfectly new condition and very pigmented.
Really nice paints for someone who hasn't had a good set before ...
Awesome watercolor set. Really great for beginners. The colors are very nice and they don't dry ugly like cheap paint. The brush is excellent! Nice and tiny very portable!!!
"This watercolor set has to be one of my absolute favorites! It's really good for beginners to try out watercolor, and the quality is pretty good! Just a little chalky, but compared to much cheaper sets its manageable. It has a lot of vibrant colors and i would definitely recommend it if you're looking for a set to start out with!"
"i bought these about 2 years ago but i really started using them about november of last year. they're creamy and smooth and not chalky at all. the mixing pan is very helpful and i mix almost all of my colors. due to that though, i have only the colors i use almost constantly almost gone because i use them so often. they run out pretty quickly so if you're a heavy user i'd suggest buying them in tubes.  anyways, one of the best sets i've uses so far. if you mix a color with the white you can make gauche. i'd really reccomend this pallette. if not for the mixing pan if anything."
I'm just starting to dabble in watercolors but they seemed good to me.
"I love these watercolors.  I have a smaller set, which are awesome, and that I carry with me wherever I go.  The colors are clear and sparkling when they're laying down and stay bright and true when dried.  Love the extra palette and the color choices.

Will be buying a couple more sets of these as soon as I can.  Recommended!"
Good quality
Beautiful colors. Perfect to keep in my backpack for spur of the moment water coloring. I love the little brush that holds water in the handle. I travel for work and got sick of always playing on my phone between classes. Painting in the car is much more satisfying.
"Nice pigmentation and colors. Perfect with a water brush pen. Love the compact case, too. Perfect for taking anywhere."
I wanted something small and compact for daily painting/sketching. This fits the bill perfectly.
"The colors are vibrant and rich. I love all the mixing space available. It's a great, compact, relatively inexpensive set that I use for experimentation and fun."
"I received this is a gift via Amazon for Christmas.  It is very handy.  Most of the paints do not have familiar color names (with a few exceptions).  However, the colors are delightful. I used the color chart on the back of the box and made my own for reference. I like the way it works for setting up, built places to mix colors, etc. I'm just starting to learn to watercolor by watching a zillion videos on YouTube (very helpful) and this set is a good way to learn. I also love the ""water brushess"".  I believe one was included in this set.  I'm writing this 6 months later, but I'm pretty sure one of water brushes was included in the set."
"These are extremely fugitive, but if you're not planning to expose your work to light or just want something to practice with, these are great. I bought the palette of 24. They don't rewet as well as I'd like, but this is my absolute FAVORITE travel palette! I prefer this and a waterbrush or two to the portable painter. Since these paints are non-toxic, I can let my daughter use them up and refill it with my artist quality paints."
good
This is wonderful! The colors are well pigmented and the set is the perfect size!
I love this pallet of watercolors!
Love this set for backpacking. Light weight and easy to use. Purchased the watercolor postcards and they fit perfectly.
It's very nice and I like the colors.
I have loved using these watercolors.  I am new to painting. I love working with the richness of the colors. The white is excellent and provides coverage.
"I found the same set at a craft store for about $40, which was insane to me.  This set is incredibly convenient with a good assortment of colors. Great quality and value!"
"I've been getting back into art recently and wanted to take up something I had never really tried before - watercolor painting. The price of the item is very much so affordable compared to some things I've seen out there, the paints are very pigmented and the brush is great! I love that it comes with a little mixing palette, I think that's one of the most useful features. I will definitely continue using this item and loving it as I do!"
Bright and beautiful watercolors! Amazing price!
"I bought this watercolor assortment through Amazon Warehouse, there was a detail description of damage on my order page. I completed the purchased and wasn't sure what kind of damage to expect upon delivery. I was totally surprised that there was very slight damage to outer package which had no effect to the inside product. They was no damage to the paint container, pans or water brush, the only thing wrong was the top of outer package where you open to take out of the box was tore, not exposing anything inside the box. Even if the inside package had been damage I would have kept it as long as the paint pans were intact and could be used. I am new to watercolor and trying to get into it so I am still practicing and playing with the colors and making new colors by mixing them up on the little water pan palette that comes with this handy and small watercolor set. I would recommend this watercolor set to anyone who wants to get started or already budding watercolorist. I was going to buy a smaller set for the same price and glad I found this product in the warehouse for a reduced price due to damaged packaging."
Great little watercolor set.  Was inspired to get this when I saw a friend actually using this as she waited for a flight.  It's that compact and easily moveable.  The brush contains the water - just need a bit of paper towel and a little sketchbook and you're good to go.
"Brilliant colors and so compact and portable that it encourages me to paint anywhere, anytime."
"This has been a great purchase, and I'm not someone that leaves a lot of glowing reviews. I've gone through many travel kits, from store bought palette to homebrew tins - but they always had issues. This one gives me the most bang for the buck.

Why? The thing just travels well if married to a 4x6 sketchbook, (see photo). Using two rubber bands, (which I can also use to hold the pages while sketching), I can hold the sketchbook, towel, a pencil and pen, all in one tight organized package, (has travel water brush included). It just carries well. I used to need a bag to carry all my field supplies, but this is tight enough to throw in the glovebox, seat of the car, backpack, or just carry by hand - without issue. I tested the colors against other good student brands like Academy and Reeves, very comparable.

Cons: The case is slick. The paint surface can be roughed up, I'm used to that - it's more that the case itself is slick. Trying to balance it on a lap or bench can be a challenge and one work around is using a rubber band or painting a little masking fluid on it. It has a thumb hole on the bottom, but like a beret, I've never wanted to look stereotypical. Others have commented on the poor latch design - it's true, the latch really isn't a latch at all, but looks like one. Again, I just use the artist's helper to keep it closed, rubber bands - and don't need to carry binder clips, straps or even erasers."
"I thought it was a good beginners set.  The colors aren't as bright as I would have hoped for, but the water pan and the mixing tray are nice extras."
All I ever use now! Such a great product.
"Can't wait to play with these colors! My watercolor paper just came in today, so I will give an update on this product."
"Gorgeous translucent water color.  I love the color, palette, sponge.  I'm not impressed by the portable brush though.  I bought another brand watercolor tubes too and made my own color wheel.  In comparison, Sakura is the most translucent."
Great watercolors! And the way it comes is great to carry it anywhere anytime!
Muy bueno
My favorite medium to use in my adult coloring books.  Compact and easily transported and beautiful colors.
These are magnificent and a delight to use.
"Very small, cute set and the price is good. The box is handy and functional, with one the best highly portable painting setups around. Unfortunately the colors are weakmany are actually ""hues,"" which means that the colors use weaker/lower quality pigments than colors not marked ""hue."" If you are looking for more college student or artist grade colors you'd be much better off choosing a Talens or other set (some of the unknown brands are good quality and only sightly more expensive than this set). The prices will be slightly higher, but the paint portion will also be larger. Look up reviews online for more details.

If you just want a cute, highly portable painting setup to make practice/low quality hobby work then this set will suffice.

I would have returned it once I realized how weak some of the colors were, but I had already used it. However, I tend to prefer more highly pigmented colors I can dilute. So I will give it to my friend's small children to play with."
Amazing colors! Buy is you want really good colors!
I've never been so in love with a paint set! Though the paints dry odd in the set itself it all works perfectly! Later I will add photos of my pieces I used it on!
"Wow, what vivid shades! I've always thought of watercolor paint as soft and transparently pale. That's cuz I've only previously encountered cheap pan paints--a half grade above the crap they gave us in kindergarten. Spend a tad more, and the pigments give you a way better bang.

I'm an amateur watercolor student learning from YouTube. I'm not any kind of an expert on these products. The pans are tiny, smaller than I expected, but the pigments are so vivid you really don't need so much; plus it's a travel kit, so everything's smaller. I love the little palette tray that helps keep everything in place during transport. Haven't figured out the ring on the back: it's a little stand, but the angle is weird for me."
"My daughter loves this, her only complaint is the brush that it comes with, other than that it is an excellent quality product. Recommend it highly to anyone who has an aspiring artist on a budget."
"It's working pretty well to me, try it if u wanna enjoy free time with medium low prices.
U should buy more brushes, one brush in the set doesn't enough for u, I think. Cause I bought some more brushes lol.
Also if u have no idea about watercolor, u should take a look on YouTube. They'll show u tips and how beautiful their draws are. "
"Don't squeeze too hard, or water will start to leak from the barrel. Kind of defeats the purpose."
Wonderful
"This is great for first timers I guess but in general the quality isn't very good. The paints are really bad quality that I am scraping them out and filling the palette in with my own watercolors. Also, the water filled brush is extremely hard to use, renedering it useless. The only thing I was kind of happy with were the sponges because I thought that was pretty clever, although they do get dirty pretty quickly. Instead of these, I reccomend buying your own aluminum palette and filling it with some shinhan watercolors."
"I bought this three years ago. I was thrilled and made several high-pigmented painting. I stopped painting for a while and got rolling again last night and remembered how great this little item was. After years of owning this, I'm still happy with it. Thanks!"
I love this watercolor pallet so much! Attached is a photo of some galaxies I painted with these.
"Koi Watercolors are my go to, my main squeeze in terms of watercolors. I've tried Prismacolor pencils, the Winsor and Newton Cotman tubes, and more but somehow always find my way back to Koi watercolors. The colors are stunning, vibrant, and long lasting. As an illustration student, this set has everything I could want or need--it is affordable, high quality, has a high color payout, and the pans last a very long time."
I absolutely love this set; high quality paints and vibrant colors. The waterbrush is very nice though hard to get used to and the case itself is perfect for on-the-go  sessions.
I just discovered this and use it all the time when working with fondant. No more spilling the tiny bowl I dip my brush in. Just a quick squeeze and my brush is ready to use! Perfect cake decorating tool!
Starting my grandkids into water color.  This is portable for trips and they have showed great interest and had fun.  Love the water color brushes that came with it.  The mixing pan is also very useful and included. Colors are easy to use.
"I love this watercolor set. I would definitely recommend it to anyone who wants to start painting. The colors are smooth to paint with and easy to blend. I'm a beginner but this set makes me feel like a pro. I didn't end up using the brush it comes with, the bristles weren't working for me, so I went with a Windsor and newton brush."
"This watercolor set is amazing! It arrived early, and it was packaged perfectly- It came with a variety of colors, and I can carry it wherever I want- BEST WATERCOLORS EVER~!"
"Absolutely love this Sakura koi 48 watercolor set. Color selection is dead on. Waterbrush is great. The set is pretty large. Sits on my lap like a mini laptop. But I like that, makes painting on the couch or chair easy. I ended up cutting the left side so I could put a smaller waterbrush in. And cut the button out so I am able to set the koi brush pen fully capped into the set. Super happy with my purchase. Ugh I waited so long for this. Soooo excited to own it."
"Great watercolor kit for beginners and people on the move! I had trouble with the colors looking muddy, and it was hard to do washes with the paint because it was hard to move the pigment around. Overall, this is a good set if you want to make simple watercolor paintings."
Very convenient watercolor kit. Perfect for us with limited craft space.
"Love the bright colors, full of pigment! :)"
"A side note. You can add 12 Winsor & Newton Artists or Cotman  half-pans to the brush tray in this set! Twelve of them fit beautifully. They just lay in there. I carry my brushes separately anyway, so this gives me a 36 color set. Way-way more than is needed, but nothing exceeds like excess."
We LOVE this watercolor set!  And I've never used one of these self containing water brushes - love being able to take our palette with us on our travels.
"The #6 medium brush is my favorite to use. I have a collection of five medium Koi Watercolor brushes that I paint with as I travel throughout the city of Denver. The water seems to flow best with the #6 brush size. I like to paint with watercolors &gouache with this brush on watercolor paper, claybords, and aquabords.

I have tried the small and large Koi waterbrush sizes- the small brush squirts out too much water too quickly and is hard to handle. The larger brush seems to have trouble getting the water to flow at all, and when I squeeze too hard it sometimes squirts out and drowns out the painting that I am working on. If you want a water brush that is durable and easy to use with consistent water flow, I recommend the Koi brush in the #6 medium size. I tried another brand's waterbrush once and it was just not the same... go with Koi if you want to try waterbrush and painting watercolor & gouache on the go."
"I recently decided to pick up watercolor as a new artistic hobby and this watercolor set was the perfect way to start! The colors are rich and vibrant and I love that the everything is so compact and portable. The kit comes with a removable palette for mixing and storing colors, two small sponges to absorb water and clean your brushes, and a cute little koi brush! Basically everything you need to water color (except for paper, of course)! I personally would recommend buying brushes as opposed to using the one included as I found it slightly difficult to use. However, that could just be me. Squeezing the brush to release more water is just somewhat difficult for me to master. The one handy thing about the brush though is that you don't really need a separate cup to hold your water!

Overall the kit is great for traveling and the assorted colors are beautiful!"
"so fun and easy to use, great for painting at coffee shop or outdoors.
I would highly recommend this product!!"
I was a little neevous about some of the negative reviews but I found them without merit. This is a great watercolor field kit. And the colors are clean and clear.
"I have tube watercolors, so I will have to get used to the ""cake"" kind.  I am disappointed that there is no sepia color as was described when asked what colors were in the pan.  That was one of the reasons I bought it.  I will work around it though.  There should have at least been a burnt sienna."
wonderful saturation of color
"Great product, my daughter loves them."
I love the water brush that lets me travel with this complete watercolor kit.
"I love these watercolors so much, they're so vibrant!"
"Absolutely perfect. I normally paint in oil, so I'm not a expert in watercolors, but I don't know how you could improve on this product.  Everything seems to be good quality, the paints, the brush, the packaging.  The sponges are a good idea, I soak them and use them to clean my brush between colors. Just keep a bit of paper towel to soak up any puddles.  The top lid fits watercolor paper cut to 6"" x 4""."
I'm new to watercolor but I really enjoy this set.
Bought as a beginner for watercolor hand lettering. Good basic color choices for practice. Good quality and love that everything (watercolors and water brush) fits in the case
My teenage son loved this kit.
I love them! very strong colors!
"Rich color, great variety.  A little bit opaque for my taste but that is okay, my mom loves it for her coloring books."
I really enjoy these watercolors! I am a beginner so I just picked the first watercolor set that showed up and I am very pleased. I love all of the colors and how compact the palette is!
My daughter loves it!!!!
"I'm enjoying these Koi watercolors a lot. The box is sturdy and the pallet areas for mixing are more than sufficient for travel and smaller projects.
I find the colors transparent and of good variety. The included water brush is easy to use and I had little trouble figuring out how to control the flow of water. I'm a beginner and went back and forth between these and a Cotman set. Overall I'm very pleased with my choice."
I have been using watercolor brushes from various companies. This is by far the worst! I cannot unscrew the water chamber. It's too soft and I've already ruined it before I was even able to use it. So disappointed with this product and for this company. Is there a warranty on this?
Great product!
These watercolors are fantastic. Strong bright colors and a great range.
"I was so excited to get these. I ordered a set of watercolors in a .5 oz tube and thought it would be good to have a palette style set as well, but I didn't wa to spend a lot of money. These were not the least expensive, but also not the most. So I thought that would mean I would get pretty decent quality for a low cost set. These are better an expected. I used them today and made a color chart. The colors are bright and vivid. They look great as wet on dry, wet on wet, wash, and fine lines. The art is compact and the little palletes are half pallets. The only thing I notice is these are not removable. So I don't believe you can replace a color when they run out. I like the compact size.  It will easily fit in my purse for use when waiting in the doctors office, or use on trips. It also comes with an extra tray for mixing colors. The only two colors that I wasn't totally impressed with vividness is the ivory black and the raw/burnt umber.  Not sure which umber it is. Anyway, those I had to add a couple layersnto get the dark vivid color that I wanted. Overall, I am very happy with my purchase!  I will purchase again. Great for e beginner or amateur artist, or professional artist that needs a compact set on the go."
Bright beautiful colors that are easy to use.
WONDERFUL! Recommend for student or even professional artist.
Love the color and it's really compact and useful.
"So far so good! I have been using this for months now, and I still love it."
Love this brand!
"Bought the smaller set for my granddaughter. It was a great value and she LOVED it and the brush pen that came with it. I have the 24 and 30-color sets and share them with my clients in therapy. I cannot give these enough stars! Travel cases are sturdy and come with a flip out ring on the bottom to help you hold on to them. The tray slides into place for convenience and the colors are potent.... quality watercolors that are as rich and can be almost opaque (some of the beginners and kiddos use them with little water) or for more experienced watercolorists, as transparent as you like. I bought it cheaper trough this seller than the chain craft store where I first saw them. If you are interested in the 12-color set... I'd encourage you to sprig for one of the larger ones with more color options. You will not be disappointed. The brush pens have to be disassembled to fit in the case, but I carry a small bottle of water with an airtight lid .. or carry my larger brush pens separate with water already in them. Highly recommend. I keep buying more and I know I will be a return customer since these are cheaper than the chain stores with the 40% of coupons... and free shoppinwith Prime. Effortless purchase for a great portable art kit"
Super nice and excellent quality!! Thanks!!
"Just as expected, small enough to be carried anywhere and very light. The colors are beautiful, the only thing is that some of the colors were out of the pallet especially white and still can't get it to stick in."
somewhere between student and professional.  pretty sure saturation and mixability
"This watercolor set is cute, small, & works very well. The colors are pigmented and high quality from what I've seen after using them for two art pieces."
Dry somewhat chalky and lots of granulation. It's an okay palette but not my favorite.
Great colors and a super nice size. Love so much
"I loved this set when I first bought it but then did not use it for several months. Today I took it out and when I wet the colors to create a little pool, there were flakes in it as though it separated. I'm enclosing a photo of the napkin I blotted it with. Not sure what happened"
"I've used this for maybe 5-6 months now and it's  relatively good. I like the paint itself but not the brush so much. I have the 24 set and there are many yellow and reds, I'm kinda disappointed that there is only 1 purple in the whole set but that's easily overlooked if you know color theory. I'm no means a professional though"
"Nice vibrant colors - I am not a fan of the brush that comes with it as someone who has never used such medium before, but it makes it complete package to use outdoors. Lots of fun."
Last time I bought the 24 pan set I was extremely pleased with the quality of the paint.  This time the first layer of the paint was grainy and non pigmented.  The box the palette came in had paint smears and crumbs on the inside and outside.  On the plus side it's compact and came with same day shipping.
"Great watercolors. Really don't have much to complain about in terms of the paints, but the case is absolute garbage. Don't get me wrong I love how compact it is, but there is no latch or anything that keeps the lid shut. This could open so easily at any given time. I'm actually depressed that I have to keep the cardboard box to travel with because the case alone can't stay shut. I honestly have no clue who design it but they seriously NEED to be fired"
Great color palate BUT the water flow seems to be uncontrolled when it should only flow when squeezed. Might end up using a regular brush instead with the palate.
Great product...I love it...will buy again.
"This is an excellent field sketch set for on the go painting. Also if you want to paint or sketch in an area with limited space, or just want to be able to grab some paper and this set quickly to paint outside on your patio without having to drag out a bunch of supplies (effectively losing your creative mojo due to the hassle) then this set is perfect. I really love its portability. I got the set of 48 because I wasn't sure how well the paints would mix. I found that they do mix ok, but not as easily as other more expensive paints. I gave it 4 stars because the paint cakes are very dry and it does take a bit of water to get them working, especially in my dry climate. Please note, the paint cakes do not come out, they are glued into the pans with a strong glue.  The pan tray is a flimsy plastic also glued into the plastic pallet case. The paints cannot be easily removed and neither can the paint pan tray without ruining it.  I just thought I would mention this in case someone is considering taking out the paint to put in professional grade paint."
kio was is color !!!!
"Accurate, compact box. The colors are good and clear."
"This watercolor is set is an awesome value. The paints are vibrant and beautifully transparent, and the color selection in the 30 piece set is quite good. I question the usefulness of including the sponge in the palette - it seems like it would be too rough to use with quality brushes, although it is fine for the synthetic water brush that is included. Speaking of the water brush, it's great that it's included, but I do wish that it could be stored assembled in the 30pc palette. The little plug for the water reservoir seems like it is begging to be lost by a space case such as myself. It could've used one of those little plastic loops that keep it attached even when it's unplugged, like many inflatable pool toys and mattresses have. I might have to think about rigging up something like that myself. The only other thing is that I wish the half pans were removable/replaceable, since there are a few colors I would probably swap out, but you can't have everything in life. Overall this is a great option for a higher-end student grade watercolor set."
Best watercourse ever
"This palette is virtually not usable.  The paint amounts are tiny indeed, and poorly attached to the molded cups, causing the paints to fly loose and stick in places not intended when the box is closed and the painter is traveling.  I spend more time trying to reattach paint blocks than I do using the palette.  I should not have accepted it to begin with, but my travel plans precluded a return.  I made the purchase because I read a very positive review for Koi products in Watercolor Artist magazine.  I was mistaken and regret the purchase."
"This is a nice *beginners* palette. I would upgrade to something else in the future, only because I find that these are kind of hard to mix compared to the tube kind."
Great gift and was appreciated for it's practicality and portability!
I love this palette. The colors are so vibrant and beautiful. I tried to upload photos but there was no place to do so. I would definitely recommend this palette to others!
Great set! I am pleased with these watercolors.
"The 36 and and 48 color kits fit a 5 x 7 card vs a 4 x 6 / post card on the top.  So be aware that you get more colors for a large increase in size and weight.  feels twice as big -- whereas the 30 color kit just packed in more colors.  I love the thumb ring underneath. You also get color numbers printed under the half pans in both kits.  If you go for the 48, you lose a sponge, which I love for wiping off the previous color but gain a dozen colors -- Permanent yellow light, gamboge, madder lake light, permanent blue violet, permanent blue red, Indanthrene blue, Pthalocyanine Green, Terra Verde Raw Sienna, Burnt Sienna, Raw Umber, Vandyke Brown.

This gain of two yellows,  four classic earth / warm colors is nice for a landscape painter I think.  You basically get a serious paintbox.  Will update once I swatch this box, but based on the previous 30 color which I also have, I love this brand for coloring books/postcards.  Since you will probably carry another water container besides the brush which will let you do 2-5 colors before running out of water, (if you use wet on wet techniques etc on real watercolor paper I would say 2) you could just as easily carry a sponge or two..."
"I love all the colors in here, and the water brush that came with this set.  I don't know how light fast the paints are, so I used a UV spray over the painting.  The pigments held up well for a light coat of UV spray.  This set of transparent watercolor paints are as advertised."
Really good paints.
Good!
Love these paints and you can't go wrong no matter what your skill level is.
"I'm worse then a kid during the holidays. Other then getting ahead of myself I loved it by the picture and description and ordered 2 sets for my granddaughters 4yrs. and 10yrs. for Easter. I'm not much into candy and it's going to be sent 1,700 miles away. Another thing I sent for were watercolor postcards. Through the years I've seen children with big coloring books half done from lack of interest and overwhelmed. Anxious to see what both of them think when they can take it anywhere with no fuss and for little hands with big creative ideas."
Having a small all-in-one watercolor kit is so convenient and easy to transport. The colors are great too!
"So far I have done two paintings using this little set and I must say these are very nice. I do not think the pigments are are rich as my tubes but for painting outdoors or on a relaxing trip you would be hard pressed to find a nicer set. It was the first time I used a water brush and once I got use to it I liked it. It will not take the place of my other brushes but it works well. The included pallet is fine and you can use the box lid as well. My outdoor/travel kit is in a zippered nylon bag I had from something else and is about 2 /12"" high by 9"" wide by 7"" deep. I've got this set, some cut down 140lb watercolor paper some brushes a pencil or two and a sharpener and a very small cup for rinsing. I highly recommend this set. Oh, you can easily replace the small pan colors with those from your favorite manufacturer when you run out.

BTW, If you are wondering why I didn't give it 5 stars? I don't ""Love"" things. Wish they would change that rating to ""Excellent"""
This little set is gorgeous. The paint is vibrant and great quality. The set is perfect for plein air painting or for simple quick journal-style painting when you don't want to get all of your tools out. I would by it again in a heartbeat.
"These are great to take on hikes.  The enclosed water brush is OK, but I have substituted small makeup brushes and I like them better.  As in all watercolor, the paper makes a difference in the final painting.  I'd suggest cutting your own regular watercolor paper into small pieces (put them in a zip-close sandwich bag, along with a little piece of cardboard for backing and a binder clip) rather than using a small pad of watercolor paper at a craft store."
"To say that I love this watercolor set is an understatement. It's small, perfect for on the go and perfect for what I need it to do. I cannot say much on the brush because I am using a Pentel aquash brush but I can already tell the Pentel is better (kinda played around with the brush that comes with and it does not get the same results)"
Easy to use and carry while traveling.  Nice colors that work well for journaling.
daughter very happy with it.
One of the best watercolor palettes I've ever gotten. Use it all the time. I ordered this over a year and I still have it. The pigments are very long lasting. I like how portable it is and how I can take it anywhere.
"I absolutely love how pigmented these colors are. I haven't used the water brush that came with it much, but is seems to work just fine."
4 of the colors came out unglued in the pain while in the mail. So disappointing and it'd be just a hassle to return/replace such a small thing.
"This is fairly legit one of the best things I've ever purchased. I carry it with me to work, etc, for my art journal, and just for the ability to take a break from life and paint whenever and wherever. The colors are varied enough that you can pretty much create anything you want. The brush it comes with is great; I've also purchased some additional ones for different shapes, etc. I don't work a ton with watercolors in general, I typically use acrylics, so I'm not sure how high quality the paint is, but it works well enough for me. Depending on the amount of water used, it can do excellent washes or deep layers."
Love the range of color and convenience!
I love how convenient this is!! Great brush too! Enough colors so you don't have to mix. When you run out of paint just buy small tubes and squeeze in. I love this koi pallet. There's sponges to clean your brush on the side. It's also easy to clean.
The most fun purchase I have ever made! Very happy. My kids use it too which I didn't expect so I am purchasing more brushes so I can keep mine to myself. :)
Super-pigmented and colorful. Priced right.
"This is a really nice waterbrush! It's very small....I bought the mini tank medium tip brush....it does have a plug for the tank, so you can fill it at home and put the plug in and it's safe and ready to go when you open your little watercolor tin. I will buy more of these for sure."
"This is the best watercolor brush. It is easy to use and doesn't leak (a problem with other brushes) and it's easy to clean. I use it to do bible journaling, and it doesn't let the color bleed through to the other page. It's perfect."
"This is the best set I've owned for it's compactness, completeness, and colors. The water brush breaks down and fits inside perfectly. For the size it's a little wonder. An insert, sturdy plastic ""table"" can be used as a mixing palette. There's a small sponge and the lid can serve to hold your postcard size watercolor canvas. If you want to be prepared to capture a moment anytime, you can slip this in most purses, big pockets, briefcase, etc. since it's about the size of a double set of playing cards. Gift yourself or someone you know."
"Beautiful colors.  I am not at all a  professional artist,  but I enjoy trying my hand at different artistic avenues. These are very inexpensive as well in my opinion."
Great pigment and love how easy they are to carry. I use the small one for work and the bigger one to use while i practice my watercolors.
Nice bright colors. Quality. Fun to use.
"Very handy tool! It helps you take your art with you when you travel, and saves the messy and space consuming hassle of cups of water that spill and need to be cleaned and refilled. I use this both when I use my watercolors and watercolor pencils, and normally use a different set of brushes to keep this one clean for targeted water dispensal. It is not 100% exact and sometimes too much or too little water can come out, but it has never caused me too many problems."
"Love these! This set falls perfectly into the ""good quality"" and ""good price"" categories. The set is portable and would fit easily into a bag or purse and travels well. The tray is easy to clean and perfect for creating a pallet of mixed colors to use. The colors are vibrant and the selection makes it easy to mix many different shades. I do not use the brush much, as I found it hard to control the amount of water in the brush. No complaints."
"My best friends and I each got a set, and I love love love it. Perfect number of colors, love the brush (just don't fill it all the way with water because it'll leak then) and I've watercolored so much after getting it! It's really convenient to carry around and it's always really fun to whip it out during travel or bond with people over watercoloring together (: I even got my sister in law a set! (:"
very nice watercolours for the cheap price :)
"This set of watercolors has incredibly vibrant colors, however, they lack some transparency, and are slightly chalky.  I (personally) wouldn't buy this again, but this would make a fantastic gift to a beginning watercolorist- like I said, the colors are strong, and easily picked up by the waterbrush.  So, that takes off one star- the other one was taken off because the set arrived in a (small) box without padding- thus two pallets weren't attached upon opening, (and the first pallet had crumbled slightly on on edge)."
https://www.amazon.com/dp/B0015AWS8Q/ref=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_3
"Love these watercolors,  would give five stars but a couple were broken."
"This sketch box is completely amazing! It has al what you need to paint with! The brush utself is really good and i even use it with other paints to paint in mi house because it's really nice and has a perfect size for sketching on the go. Enough mixing surface and the sponge is really handy. The paints are decent, it has a great sellection of colors and they are fairly pigmented of course some colors are more vibrant than others. Anyways they are student grade but still nice! In addition this is an awesome set and it's really worth it for the price! 24 dollars for 30 colors, nice box and a brush, this is a big deal!"
"I got this as a xmas gift after going thru my
Smaller Sakura set.  This one is much nicer and thei extras like removable mixing tray and postcards are adorable.  Love the added color blocks, too.  Highly recommend."
Love these water colors. I think they are the best that I have used so far. The only complaint I have is the brush pen. I couldn't use it because it wouldn't screw together.
The best so far!
"These are ok. The colors are not as nice as my Kuretake Gansai Tambi set, which is more expensive but worth it. Not bad for someone just starting out."
Have a very happy granddaughter and she has drawed some very beautiful pictures and painted them
"I loved this! The pigment was satisfactory, and the brush with the water container works great. It's nice for sketching on the couch. I do keep a little paper cup for water nearby, just because it's easier to rinse out your brush with, but I use less water overall, and I'm sure you could use a paper towel, or something."
My daughter loves this little water color set!
"Watercolor is a semi-new medium to me which I'm still getting fully used to. I bought this set spur of the moment, and it's still one of my favorite art-related purchases within the last few months. The colors are very vibrant, more pigmented than I expected, and are very easy to work with. The aquabrush is a bit difficult to get used to, and probably shouldn't be used immediately if you're like me and have never used watercolor paint seriously before. But, after a little getting used to, it's actually extremely convenient and efficient. I've been using this set so much that it's actually my favorite coloring method at this point. I take it with me everywhere, along with mixed media sketchbooks or watercolor paper. And it's so small that it takes up no space in my backpack. If your'e curious about trying watercolor, definitely try this set, it's worth it."
yes!!!!!!! so good
"I had bought the Koi Watercolor Pocket Kit of 24 to get into watercolors. I decided onthis brand because they had such high ratings on Amazon. The thought of a portable watercolor kit intrigued me and bringing it with me everywhere I went was a nice thought. When I first started using this kitI really enjoyed it. Its portable and mess free with the refillable brush.

My perspective of the Koi Watercolor Kit changed when I recently I took a watercolor workshop. The first day the teacher went overpaints, brushes, and papers that were the best and worst. Low and behold she hated the Koi Watercolor set. She explained that this paint was dusty. The reason for this is because it had fillers. I hadnt heard of this before and so far I didn't have any issues with them. I actually really liked them up until I took the class.

When I began painting with them on Arches Watercolor paper with a #10 round brush I began to notice what the teacher had meant by dusty. I noticed that the dustiness wasmore apparent when the paint was applied as a wet on wet or when I had added more wash layers.

I think the main reason I didn't notice this before was because I was using the Koi Watercolors in my mini sketchbook that I carried around with me. The paper isn't watercolor paper and I wasn't painting wet on wet. I was using the Kois to paint my sketches.

However, I am now noticing this dustiness the more I use the paints as well regardless it being wet on wet or on watercolor paper. I notice that its more noticeable with the earth tone colors.

I highly discourage you from buying the Koi Watercolor Pocket Kitif you have any desire to practice with watercolors. For the price point of $21.00 and the weird dustinessthat it gives off I don't think its a real value. Get the Winsor and Newton Cotman Watercolor Compact Set instead!!

TL;DR Don't buy has dusty fillers, buy Winsor and Newton Cotman Watercolor instead!!"
"What a great set! I wanted some watercolors I could use to practice comic illustration and this set works well. The pans a very tiny, but if you are doing detail work it's perfect. I love the detachable mixing trays and the water pen was very easy to use."
I love this watercolor set! It has its own brush and ready to use. Has its own little pallet to mix colors on. It pigmentation is amazing! Love Love! This is a must have!
"I kind of just trust that anything from Sakura is going to be quality, and I was definitely not disappointed in this pen. I'm no illustrator but love the effect this gives to handlettered pieces. Easy to use for artistically-challenged people like myself, easy to clean, just wonderful all around! I highly recommend it!"
"This field set is awesome! The colors are vibrant and it's the perfect size to carry along with you. I put them in a canvas pouch with a cloth napkin (for cleaning my brush) and I'm on my way - I've brought them to work, on trips, you name it! The palette design is also wonderful because it hooks into the case, making it easy to color anywhere. Very happy with this set!"
Completely satisfied. Great product. Perfect for art on the road.
"This is my favorite travel companion.  It truly is everything you need but the paper and you could probably tuck that inside there if you wanted to.  Actually I cut small pieces of watercolor paper and attach them with a rubberband on the outside.  I love the little waterbrush.  I fill it up and don't need any more water for the small postcard type watercolors I work on while out and about.  I can carry this in my purse no trouble at all.  With the little sponge inside I don't even need to carry a papertowel.  Love it.  It's great for bigger work too, and I prefer this palette over the other popular half pan travel set.  The colors and rich and super blendable.  If you are debating between the 24 or 30 set, I would splurge on the bigger set as the extra greens are very nice in this bigger set.  Of course, you can always mix unlimited greens with either set.  This was all I could afford when I started in watercolor and it's turned into the set I prefer over my more expensive pans and tubes.  Worth the money and you can't beat the convenience.  Next time you find yourself waiting, instead of pulling out your phone get out this set and start painting!"
Nice quality for not much money.
Awesome and perfect for traveling!
Product was as advertised.
Perfect. Just what I wanted.
Very nice quality paints. Cute compact travel format. Critical piece is the water pen.  A+ I would buy this as a gift or again if I ever run out.
love this little set so much that i bought one for my niece as well.
just what I need!
"This product is amazing for any artist who likes to get creative on the go. Very small and compact design allows for it to be taken anywhere, and the fact that the water is in the pen itself makes it easy for instant use and easy clean up.  The colors are vibrant and rich and very good consistency when mixed. (Very smooth, no lumps or clots).
The pen is decent in quality for a water pen, but you can always purchase many different brands and sizes separately, I take 2 different ones with me since some things require more detail.
I would recommend this product to anyone who would like to start dabbling with water colors since it is so easy to get started and they will find the quality to thier liking."
"Great product, i absolutely love the amount of pigment in each paint well. Very convenient and portable; fits with plenty of room left in my art bin. Overall a really great product I will buy again!"
"I take this watercolor set with me everywhere in my small travel kit when I'm away at home, and I'm almost tempted to get another one just for home use. The colors are very pigmented and bright. I also liked the design of the case they come in. The removable tray included in the kit is perfect for mixing and diluting. I have not used the water brush that was included; I'm not a huge fan of the way they work."
good
"It is a beautiful set of colors, and the case is feels very nice and sturdy. I just didn't like how some of the pans were cracking at the top. The brush also starts to fray and not as sharp and fine tip as I first got it cuz I used it a bit harshly over the time of two weeks. (For a school project) But after I set aside the brush and paint for a while the brush somehow returned to being fine and not frayed again for some weird reason. Otherwise I am very grateful for this set of water color, my project was an great success."
"I've always wanted to purchase the 48 set ever since I bought the 24 and I really love it!!  its a nice small set that has so many wonderful colours!
little details that i've noticed about the 48 set
- the size is 5.5 x 7.75 inches
- in comparison to the 24 set it doesn't seem like they fill the pans of the 48 set to the fullest. by that I mean there is still some space in the 48 pan that could still be filled while the 24 pans have each of the paints filled to the very top. this is why I gave it a 4 star.
- each of the slots are labeled with numbers. ( i'm not sure why its needed tho?)

all in all its a very nice set. I kinda wish that they had refills for individual pans tho."
"I bought this product as a gift for my sister.
It's very portable, and the brush and paints are very high quality. My sister raved about this product for months!"
Beautiful intense color.
Love it. Ordering the bigger packs .
The colors are gorgeous and the water brush works very well. I only wish the pigments weren't so grainy. Whenever you paint something it leaves kind of a speckled texture on whatever it is you're painting. But for the price I absolutely adore it
"LOVE IT, Very useful, I use it all the time, great to take around"
love the vibrant colors and a little goes a long way! don't be surprised on how tiny this is as I was. i cut the box with the name of the colors and stick it inside the case so i have a reference. my only complaint was the water brush that came with this. i screwed on the brush part to the body of it and can't take it apart! i wasn't able to use it! I ended up buying a set of water brush. i was going to give this 4 stars but i'm in love with the intensity of its colors.
Just great. The colors are very beautiful and the brush works so well. I will be buying again!!!
"LOVE this watercolor set!  I'm dabbling in the world of watercolor and this is a perfect set!  I actually saw the kit being used by a Disney artist, so it seems that it's great for everyone - beginners all the way up to experienced!"
"I bought this as a gift, but when I saw it, I opened it and wanted to try it.  My daughter and I both use it at pretty random times and it's pretty amazing for something this tiny.  I got it with a packet of blank watercolor postcards and thought it would be irritatingly tiny, but it actually works out really great.  Since we use small canvases, the paintings are simple and quick and that feeling of accomplishment is nice instead of leaving larger pieces unfinished forever.  I've actually seen a very similar set being used at a local nature center in a bigger watercolor tablet and that woman was doing spectacular things with a fewer selection of colors!  It's great to get a quick art fix.

Waterbrushes aren't something we're used to, but it's been really fun to experiment with it!"
thank you
The only water color I will ever use!!! So bright and rich ! just loving it!!!!!
Great gift!
Great starter kit for watercolours! I love mine to bits
Quality of watercolor paints is excellent!! Size is handy for 'travel journaling.'
"I like this brush pen- but I like the Pentel Aquash brush pen more.
This particular Sakura pen is small- comparable to the smallest pen in the Aquash set. It works okay but sometimes there is a slight leak."
"Nice, vibrant colors"
"The colors are wonderful! My favortes are the LEMON YELLOW, QUINACRIDONE ROSE, VIOLET, CERULEAN BLUE, PERMANENT GREEN & IVORY BLACK. This box set is super cute, all of the features are fantastic!!! I love the travel portability and compactness!

4 stars because: A couple of the darker colors have lots of sediment in the pigments and I must substitute an alternate color or product in it's place due to the color settling out... overall though a fantastic starter set!"
"I am a novice to watercolor, but I've always wanted to play around with it. I read a bunch of reviews and blog posts for (affordable) beginner palettes/sets, which led me to this one. I got the 24 assorted color set. I love the compact design with the little palette fitting right inside the case. You can really take it anywhere. I don't know much about quality, but so far it's great."
I love taking these watercolors on little hikes and walks about town. They're lightweight and don't take up too much space in my bag. They came with one water brush pen and I've purchased a few other water brush pens to go along with it. I also carry around a small mixed media sketch book and just paint whatever I fancy. The variety of colors is good for nearly any subject (maybe not portraits?) and the little mixing tray is convenient.  It's a nice set and would really make a nice gift for crafty people.
"Love it but the water brush is defective! As soon as I put it together, it jammed stuck and now is impossible to use. Good thing I have other brushes otherwise I would be returning this."
I also loved the brush but was unable to use more than once as it would not unscrew to refill. When attempted to unscrew the plastic broke.
My nephew who is an animator asked for this as a christmas gift. He loved it
"Purchased the 30 piece and i love it. Colors are perfect! And very pigmented. They go a long way. The size if perfect, im so glad i purchased!! Also shipping was very fast!"
"I bought this back in 2014 and still use it to this day and its far from finishing anytime soon! The colors are sooo vibrant and beautiful I have tried more expensive palettes and this is my favorite so far. I'm a serious art student and I take this to my classes everyday and even when going out I take it just in case I get inspired. I highly recommend this to both beginners and professionals, its so great for its price and I worth every penny!"
Great take-alongs for field watercolor work. If you have space in your pack consider the sets of 18 or 24 with the separate paint pallets.
This water color set is wonderful! It is great for traveling artist. I am not the best artist by far but it really is good for begginners and experts!
"GREAT kit for starting out with watercolor!! I wish the sponges worked a little better, but I may just not know really how to use them. There's a great variety of colors, and I LOVE the compact portability and COMPLETENESS of the set. You literally don't need ANYTHING else before heading out to do some practice! Plus, the brush tip SELF-CLEANS as you use it!!"
Small and easy for traveling. Can fit in your purse if you want to unwind at the park and just paint what's in front of you. Very vivid colors! I got 24 colors.
"Trying to pick up watercoloring as a new skill. I'm not the best painter in the world, but this palette has proved to make some of my artwork look beautiful. The color selection is good, and if you can't find the color, just make it! The waterbrush that comes with the palette works well and doesn't leave puddles of water all over my paper. There are a couple colors I don't see myself using ever or often, but the palette does offer a wide color selection to make up for the ones I won't be using. Good quality paint and doesn't bleed through my watercolor paper. Also, the color in the pan is the color that will show up on the paper, not like nail polishes that look different in the bottle and transfer to the nail as a whole different color. Lovely palette, and I can see it lasting me a long time and it's a lovely small size so its easy for me to transport."
"I purchased the 24-Koi set and also the Winsor & Newton 12 pallet travel kit. They are both good startup kits.

Koi pallet is vibrant and not chalky.  Decent for anyone on the go, who wants to do watercolor sketches.  One downside is that I wish the inside of this pallet was a harder plastic instead of a cheap plastic that is used in packaging.  Also I wish the red was red and not so pink.  But overall a decent set for a starter."
Great quality water colors!!
"I got this set as a Christmas gift and I could not be happier!! This has quickly become my go to palette for all watercolor painting, and I know I'll be buying more product from Koi. It took me a minute to realize that the water brush screws on counter-clock wise, which trips me up every time! Obviously, this is merely an adjustment I will happily make for such an amazing product!"
"I'm new to watercolor. I started off doing watercolor pieces with watercolor pencils. I saw this set in a video and heard good things about it so I got it for Christmas. When testing the pigments on paper I was amazed at how vibrant they are! It was just what I needed. Perfect little size to take with me places. I used the brush that came with it and felt so-so about it. I do notice it leaks, so I often have to wipe the excess water off. I don't use the brush as I have better ones but I could see it being useful in the field."
Not what expected but still fun! I'd like to mention that it is my first time using this product.
The colors are so vibrant. The yellows and blues especially! Love this set.
"Purchased these as a gift. Sadly the box had water marks, but everything else about it seems fine!"
"The package arrived on time and looked exactly like the picture. I was really worried about the paint cracking while it was shipped but everything came in safe and sound. The tray, sponges, and brush are a nice addition to this already awesome product."
Great beginner set of watercolors. I am really loving learning how to paint with them.
"I have owned this paintbox for three years now. I disagree with the opinion that this set is for children's use only. Yes the pans are small. They tell you so in the description - half pans. But that size is more than sufficient for sketching. I have done paintings of up to 11 x 15 inches using this set.

Regarding the color quality, I think it's fair to say it is of inferior quality than a Windsor and Newton ""professional"" grade watercolor paintbox. I have found the lighter colors grainy and all the colors just a bit too transparent. But again, you get what you pay for. Until you are willing to splurge $$ for professional watercolor, the quality of this set is more than adequate for everyday sketches and painting exercises.

I can't comment on the waterbrush as I only use real brushes. The colors dry quickly and don't run. I take out the mixing tray when I travel to save a little bit of weight. This kit has been accompanying me on numerous trips in the past three years. You can absolutely buy with confidence!"
"The only reason I didn't give this five stars is because it arrived a bit broken, as shown in the first picture. I wanted this because my grandmother has one of similar size and it was great to use. The colors are nice, just some were popped out when I got it. The maroon/dark red was stuck to the container but I managed to pry it off. It must have been poorly glued, as I could see the glue on the bottoms of pieces that broke off. A little disappointed in that, but I should be able to hot-glue it back. The brush is great and overall a pretty great kit."
very great for drawing
Love! Perfect for someone wanting to be able to tote in purse or backpack.
Daughter loves the aints
"I am an extreme beginner at watercolors and purchased these for lettering purposes. I don't really have anything to compare them to, but the colors are very rich and blendable, and the case is a convenient size. Seems like a very good purchase for the money."
"I bought this item for a friend and she is really excited to put it to use! I paired it with a Moleskine sketchbook, so I hope they work well together."
Just as advertised and on time delivery
Perfect travel companion!
A great set to take on the go. Brush was really fun to use.
Very nice and worth the price.  Thank you.
Nice kit. Arrived in perfect condition. Recommend to all interested.
Love this. So easy to use and comes with a water brush. Best set found yet.
"With koi's rich colors this item will pay for it's self over and over again.

Perfect for school bags or purses the brush makes it easy to be portable because it holds water in it.  No toting a crinkly water bottle for water colors (maybe just a personal problem).

Will buy again when I use this one up!"
"Arrived on time.  It is a gift, so excited about giving it to the person who requested it.  No problems with delivery."
"Overall, I love this product. My expectations were high and they were met! The only thing I will say bothered me a bit is how the box for the watercolors wouldn't close very wel. If you flipped it over everything spilled out of it. Some of the watercolor blocks also started to fall out of their place. Maybe mine just came in a bit defective? These were both easy fixes with a bit of hot glue though. Again, love it nonetheless"
gave it as a gift. the positive reviews were reason chose this for my friend.
"I really love the colors and the convenience of the set. However, I dropped the set once and now the case doesn't close in place which makes it harder to travel with. Now, I have to either wrap an elastic around it or place it inside a small bag to keep it shut. I was expecting a bit more durability for a field sketch set. That said, the rest of the set made it through the fall just fine and I think it's a really good purchase with a great price."
"I think I own every travel watercolor field kit in existence, and this is one of my favorites. The colors are strong and true, and the box is so handy.  I love the water brush that is included, and I bought some extra ones -- the Pentel Arts Aquash Water Brush Assorted Tips, Pack of 3 -- so I'd have plenty of spare water brushes in my travel watercolor kit."
"This Is a very handy take-along set and the paints are nice.
I bought this because of the review by TheFrugalCrafter."
excellent
Wish the colors were deeper pigment
"The travel water brush is great and doesn't leak.  The colors moisten easily and make their use enjoyable. The choices of how to place the mixing tray are very useful...and I especially like the sponges built in so there is one less item to juggle at the scene.  The thumb ring underneath is so handy.  As the pans empty of paint, I'll refill them with pieces of Daniel Smith's amazing watercolor paint sticks. It's lightweight and in the perfect travel size for a bag or purse."
"I like these watercolor brush pens best because they let me carry the pen already loaded with water.  There is not always a water fountain handy.  If I carry water, I also need to carry a funnel and a paper towel.  I love the Koi watercolors, and I prefer their pens."
"Exactly as described. Item was packed perfectly and arrived sooner than expected:). I love this product and enjoy using it. Extremely convenient and quality is great. Pen does not leak, colors are vibrant with enough options to tweak as you like. Would purchase again without hesitation."
this product took my water color to a whole new level. It's so fun to use even for a beginner!
Super convenient. The pigment of the colors are great. I use it really often. I really love it.
Amazing watercolors.  Very rich colors!
Good colors.  Easy to use & colors are pretty true.
"Got this for my husband. He says it's a nifty little kit but that the quality of the colors leave a little to be desired.  That said, he intends on using it till it's all gone, so ""okay"" colors or not, it was worth purchasing."
They are GREAT good pigments and super easy to use for a beginner I love them
A really good product for the price and will travel anywhere.
"I love these watercolours, they are very vibrant. The only thing I dislike is that the inside of the case where the watercolours are is cheaply made I wish it was all hard plastic."
Fun way to paint on the go.
:)
"What an ingenious design! Very compact & well thought out. I am new to watercolor & use this for outdoor nature journaling. I would give it 5 stars, but some of the colors, the pigment dries with a clumpy look to it."
"LOVE this set. I use it all the time, even when I'm at home."
I've been enjoying these paints. They are very good quality and compact so they're easy to bring with me in my purse or a small bag with my brushes and notebook for painting. I'm very happy with this purchase.
Beautiful colors! Love how handy it is!
Very nice and compact. I have a limited amount of workspace in my dorm so the fact its no bigger than my hand is great. Colors are clear and bright and mix well. I love the brush they give you and honestly its worth the money to buy the other sizes to travel with (i had bought them previous to buying this set and brought them along on road trips). the sponge is not that great so if you use sponges for blending i would recommend buying a different on and cutting it so it fits in the box.
My daughter loves this paint set.
Thanks!
my colors have never been so fluid. i love these paints
"Great size for traveling.  I had what I needed for quick watercolor paintings and sketching while traveling, and it did not take up very much room."
Great paints and quality. Fun and easy way to throw it in your bag to take along. Love that you can fill the brush with water too. Nice and compact and functional. Lots of great colors at your fingertips!
Got the big 48 pack now love the warehouse deals came fast in great shape was used but like new the paint never been touched and I Love these paint work really nice great deals very happy
I'm an illustrator and I love colors of koi watercolor. It's already my second purchase of it and definitely not the last one.
"Bought for my 12 year old daughter, it's exactly what she was expecting and loves this watercolor set! We highly recommend this set!"
Excellent price.
"This is a great set, it offers a lot for such a low price. Not artist quality but the colors are really vibrant, a little goes a long way, the waterbrush is really great and overall I really love the set desing."
"Pretty awesome watercolors, probably not for professional use but this kit is really fun and portable to do artwork with."
This is one of the best watercolor set I purchased this year.  I love that it comes with a brush and sponge.  I was able to take take it with me to work and start drawing right away during my free time. It fits right in my purse and I love how portable they are.  The watercolors are of a good quality as well. Very pigmented and blends well with each other.  I could be making about any color by mixing these together.
Better product can be purchased at lesser price.
Gosh what an amazing punch of colour in a portable size! Awesome selection of colours and no chalky residue one can get from cake style watercolours.
Love the compact travel size. Colors are strong and vibrant
Awesome. Vibrant colors
"I ordered this today from Prime Now and LOVED it-the colors, the brush, the case-everything! The brush is especially useful for smaller projects or for adding details. I chose this set because of its high ratings and for the large color palette. Having 24 colors gives me a chance to mix and create more gradients than I would be able to with a set that only came with half as many options. I ordered a Strathmore Watercolor Paper Pad at the same time and I loved the texture the pad gave, I also really enjoyed the fact that the paint dried so beautifully. I've read reviews from other watercolor paints and saw that some of them were left feeling chalky. I was quite relieved to find Sakura watercolors dried so smoothly! Would definitely recommend to anybody looking to do watercolor artwork!"
good
Wonderful watercolor. High quality - almost like professional. Good price.
"Love everything about this set, great color selection and blends well (8/10). Would definitely order again."
"very nice pigmented colors with a good variety. i felt that the size didn't match up to the price, but the amazing color pigments and varieties definitely make up for that."
"Great for us in travel and en plein aire painting.  Good solid color,"
The colors are amazing the kid is great to use when I'm out on the Run
These were all great.  Just what I needed!
Bought as a gift for my mother who is a watercolorist. She said she was impressed by the quality of the paints themselves (apparently the colors in kits are usually lower quality) and she liked the water pen/brush even though she typically opted to just use one of her own brushes.
"This thing is perfect, and I mean perfect, for traveling! I thought that the small barrel would mean that I would have to fill it up regularly, but I actually (and luckily) didn't have to!"
Absolutely the best watercolors I have ever purchased. They are so vibrant and true to color. will definitely buy in the future when I need to refill my colors.
"One day I decided I wanted to learn how to watercolor. My husband gave me a challenge of spending no more than $20 on supplies since he was sure this was going to be a fleeting passion of mine. I went to my local Hobby Lobby and picked up some low-end HL brand watercolor stuff. Sure, I met his challenge, (I had a coupon... duh) but those items sucked and were frustrating to use! Hubby decided my painting skillz were alright after all, so I purchase this Sakura set. Oh man. What a difference these made! I may not be the next Van Gogh, but these are good enough for my newfound hobby. The colors are bright and vibrant! Also, I like that when I'm not using them the case tucks away neatly in my desk. If you have a budding artist these will do the trick!"
"Such an amazing product! My friend had one of these and I absolutely had to get myself one. Blended colors and creating new shades is made simple with this all in one watercolor kit. The pen replacements aren't expensive and the color pads last a surprisingly long time! Very easy and simple to use, clean, and re-use without the mess that's usually associated with general watercolors and brushes."
"I've been drooling over this set since earlier this year. I've used the koi watercolor tube set of 18 for a couple years but always wanted one of the travel sets. It's nice and compact, and quite sturdy for it being plastic. Very pigmented paint and I can definitely take it with me on trips. I'm thinking of getting this for my mom for Christmas for her to start her watercoloring journey.

Definitely would recommend this set to a beginner or intermediate artist. I provided a few pictures. Two of the product and one of a painting I made with just the Sakura Koi paint from the set."
Love it! would definitely recommend.
"This Sakura koi watercolor set looks awesome which is why I bought it. The pallet is such a cool layout and it's a nice size and shape for portability. Unfortunately the paints are pretty bad. They are extremely chalky and and weird when dry. They don't stay wet long in the pallet, which I don't mind because that means it's easy to pack them up when you are done and throw them in your bag to go without worry that the colors will run. The paint quality is lower than what I would prefer even for sketches. I have seen children's paints that were better. Some of the colors were a little too similar so there are some where the color could have been different. The brush was adequate to use.

My end verdict is that the pallet is cool but the paints aren't very good. I wish they were replaceable half pan but it's not because I would at least keep the pallet and put my own paints in. I will give it to my kids to use. If I would have known that the paints were this bad and it's not the type of tray that you can replace the paints with your own, I wouldn't have bought it. My kids will enjoy it though."
"Paints are great; have been using since receipt and loving! But just went to use brush and threads do not align. Would love replacement of the same, if possible, and happy to send back defective brush."
"I love, love, LOVE these watercolor cakes! They are the perfect size and the colors are so vibrant. Also the 24color set contains, literally, every color I could want for on the go. These are just a joy to work with, I'd recommend them to anyone. And I'll definately be purchasing them again."
"I chose these paints because I wanted to give watercolors a try and after looking around a bit they seemed like they'd be a decent set for a fair value.
I haven't tried any other watercolors to really compare these to, but I'm definitely thrilled with these. The set has a lovely variety of colors and you can easily mix anything you need. The colors themselves can get very bright and pigmented yet are easy to blend and apply the lightest washes. For my beginner needs, these are perfect.
The only thing I'm not too thrilled about is the brush. I probably just need more practice with it, but it's awkward to use for me. At home I definitely won't be using it, but it is very convenient when travelling with your watercolors which is the whole point of the set I suppose.
Definitely very happy with these."
good
"Great flow, brush tip size. No problems here."
These are the best watercolors I have used! The colors are bright and clear. Easy to mix colors. I love them!!!!'
small quality package with vibrant colors
"This 12-pan watercolor set is excellent value for blending and the perfect size for travel or moving around. Item arrived within 5 days, the earlier end of the estimated shipping time."
Love these kits for plein air or journal painting but these are so small. They don't advertise wrong-  I didn't read. Very handy but I would have ordered larger.
<3 fallen in love with this
My first experience with watercolors. I love this little set. Grab it and go.  Colors are wonderful.
"There is a great variety of color with this set and great for just getting started with consistency, layers, mixing etc. However, like most student grade watercolor pans, the colors do not stay vivid or pigmented when dried after doing a wet on wet technique. I've tried different brands of watercolor pans that ranged from the $5-$100 price rance, and I still recommend the Winsor and Newton Cotman half pan watercolor set of either 24 or 42. Of course it is going to be more pricey ($40-$70), but the colors dry beautifully and add so much more expression and strength to your paintings. Winsor and Newton Cotman is not the professional grade of Winsor and Newton's watercolor paints, but I still think it is the absolute best out of all other student grade watercolor pans out there. Of course, with artists it usually comes down to personal taste on what they think is they best, so this is just my honest opinion of what I have concluded after experience."
Super portable. Mines traveled all over. Colors are nice too.
Amazing! Worth every penny! Great for traveling on the go quick painting
"I LOVE this thing!!!! I had only ever watercolored as a child in art class, so I got this to try something new! I love the trend of adult coloring books and using these watercolors really takes it to the next level! The brush with water in the handle is awesome, and I bought an extra small brush of the same kind to use as well so I have a thick and thin brush option.
So much fun as a novice, but I also think a seasoned watercolor artist would appreciate this! (a friend of mine who is recommended this to me!)"
Perfect for journaling! I love it!
I simply love it. it's great for traveling i can find no problems with it.
"Excellent watercolor set. The colors are vivid and high-quality. The water brush is a neat idea, but the bristles fall out easily."
Really love this travel kit! Everything about it!
Love this product. Good vibrant colors and compact to travel.
Wonderful design and smooth pen.
I got this watercolor kit because I was tired of the cheap watercolors I had and I wanted something new. I didn't expect to love this palette and now I just use this instead of my other watercolor pattlets. I love the color and they mix perfectly together.
Love this set!  Perfect for on the go painting! Colors are vibrant!
beautiful color set and compact size
Great quality and very practical kit. Bought them for my daughter and she loves them.
This kit is small but in many ways that's what makes it perfect.  The inclusion of a waterbrush is very nice since I imagine most people be to watercolor don't know they exist.  I've really been enjoying this set to use for background washes with a larger brush and detailed painting on  coloring book pages. The pans are too small for children but perfect for anyone in their tweens and up with a delicate touch.
"One of the passions I have are watercolors. Everyone who may know of me knows I love all types from paint to pencils. I was on the lookout for a pan set that would not break my wallet and I had heard a lot about Sakura so I took the plunge and bought this field sketch set. When I get something new I like to play with it and one of the first is just applying the colors to paper so I can see how they look. The pigment in these is very nice and they work like a dream for me. I am super excited to work on my next project. I am also thrilled with the size, it's perfect for traveling and the brush has a cap for the tank so it won't leak. One tip, I cut up my larger watercolor pad to the 6 x 4 size of the container so I have them for taking with me on a trip and it all works great!

The case is well crafted and the pallet slides off so you can connect it anyplace you like. There are little built in sponges to soak up access water and clean the water brush between colors. This water brush is nice with a great tip and no loose fibers. I like that I can use it for petals or leaves and I like the end cap on the tank. In my case I find it pretty easy to control too.

Overall. I am super pleased with the quality and pigment in the pans. The 24 colors are a wonderful variety. It's awesome for travel or home use. There are no issues at all with the water brush or the seal on the cap.
I have nothing negative to add at this time."
Love the colors and the compact size. It's perfect for traveling.
Not bad!
"I love this, it's cute and compact, and the colors are nice."
This product is great! 24 colors in this compact size !! There is a container where you can mix and create more colors (even though I don't use it)
Handy little watercolor set with palette and aqua brush.  Great for a beginner.
Exactly as advertised
"Pros:
Colors are bright. A lot of colors. Compact.
Cons:
The pigment is not completely water soluble.
Some paint when mixed become like a dust in the water.
Palettes are made from hydrophobic plastic.
Additional palette not holding in mounts."
Simple basic watercolor set. Small enough to fit anywhere. Great for on the go. Quality is pretty good.
Great quality and good starter kit for someone wanting to start watercoloring and brush calligraphy.
"It's everything I really wanted. It's also a perfect size, a bit smaller than I expected but it made it perfect! I can easily use my own brush instead of the one it comes with. I would definitely recommend it to my friends!"
It beats using a normal water coloring brush. It's easy to fill and it doesn't leak.
"The colors come out like butter, and I loved the included brush."
"I LOVE THIS.  I was debating between this and a couple of other watercolor sets.  I am in love with the watercolor brush, this was my first time using one. It works beautifully.  I am by no means a watercolor expert, I'm still learning. I like the selection of colors and you can easily get some color going from the palettes and just paint away.  I'm excited to take this with me when I go on trips and paint outside.  The little mixing palette is great, it doesn't lock as well into the palette itself as I would like but it stays, so its no big deal.  If you know an artist that likes to travel, they would love this as a gift. Or just any person that loves to paint, or may want to try watercolors.

here's a little doodle I did"
Luv them.  Great pigmentation.
"Greatest thing ever!! Didn't realize till purchasing as a gift for someone else that there is another set that is the same size, but has more colors."
"Surprised that I really like it! Just a little down side of having the additional colors is that there is now less extra storage space. There is no room to put pencil or anything else in the trade. Overall I am pretty happy with the color strength. It does takes some practice to get use to the brush. But it is very handy, and I also bought the blank postcards which fits perfect on the lid area. Overall pretty happy with the purchase. If I buy it again I might consider getting the 24ct though... More space for storage and much cheaper in price."
"This is an updated review.  After using a different watercolor brush instead of the one that came with the set, the colors actually came out very vivid and vibrant and I was pleasantly surprised at the quality.  The included brush doesn't seem to hold that much water in the bristles, resulting in pale colors that doesn't spread as easily.  I would definitely recommend using another brush with this set, as I did not like the water brush at all.  I would prefer using the Prima water brush or the Aquash water brush.  Additionally, this watercolor set looks like it may last a long time, and I also like the fact that if you do run out of a specific color, you can always refill the pan with the Koi tube watercolors with the matching color.  I love the small size which makes it very easy to take with you anywhere and makes it more versatile than the other watercolor sets I own, especially since this particular set includes so many colors.  For these reasons and more, I am raising this to a five star review and it has my highest recommendations."
"My first thought when I saw the teeny palette of colors was ""How disappointing. They are so small."" (about the size of my thumbnail -- and I have small hands.) And then I used them. I was instantly WOWed! This is not like the kids 8-color watercolor sets that I've played with in the past. These colors are so vibrant. So rich. So beautiful. I love the tiny little case, the lift-up mixing palette, and the included water brush. I don't travel with watercolors, but for someone who does this would be perfect. You could easily fit it into a purse or backpack."
"I got this set from a recommendation from an art instructor. I like the palette design, but the paints are not as good a quality as Windsor Cotman and I certainly wouldn't put this next to Daniel Smith. Daniel Smith is far better.  This set is fun to use though. Not worried about wasting, because it's good for practicing."
"I am SO happy with this set! I've never done much watercolor and what I have done was with watercolor pencils which isn't the same really. So I was nervous about this but the brush works perfectly and the paint set is great. Good quality deep colors and a handy palette for mixing shades. I wish now I'd gotten the larger set and will upgrade at some point. The picture I'm uploading is just a quick sketch, my first attempt to use the pen. It will take a little practice to get the flow right but so far I'm thrilled."
"I love these paints, they're the most favorable when it comes to transporting. I've had my paints for a long time now and dirtied the inside but it's to be expected with a painter like me. The only thing that you have to purchase again for this item is a new sponge and a new paint brush, because they tend to get dirty after a period of time and the paint brush barrior starts to break. To me this isn't a real big problem, it's normal since I've used others of paintbrushes like this but the koi is the one that has lasted the most time.
It's 4 1/2 inches in hight 6 inches in length and about an inch wide
It comes with a clean pallet (mines a bit dirty because of my niece) Pegs on the bottom of the pallet to place in the top or the sides of the watercolors.
Removable sponge that might need to be replaced at some time (you can choose to place it on the left or right of the watercolors)
Koi watercolor brush with plug and Med brush tip
Ring on the bottom of the set to hold with the index finger
(Last picture is artwork done by me using the koi 30ct watercolor set)"
"Beautiful designed & put together, great colors, useful case.  Might be just a little big for tossing in your handbag, but what a selection of colors.  Wow!  Would definitely recommend."
I got these since I've been wanting to try these in contrast with my winsor and newton cotman set. The Sakura pans are a bit smaller than half pans. The main thing I dislike about it is that the plastic case the watercolors are set in is flimsy so when I want to refill the square again I need to be gentle with it. The case is sturdy and the snap is secure so it won't open unexpectedly in a backpack/purse. The pigments are vivid and go a long way with just a little paint. They mix well since I use a light wash when I paint.
I wish I ordered the larger one.. Love it
"It's perfect for me. I am starting to get in to watercolors again and it's perfect for me. The selection of colors is enough. Very compact, would definitely buy again."
"I don't have anything to compare it too and they do get chalky but I think I just have to get better at working with them. The colors are very pure and almost always need to be mixed... I've attached a couple quick paintings I did. I like the brush, just wish there was also a flat brush for washes. Great little kit to carry with me on my travels. I did the attached paintings using the included waterpen with the Sakura Koi Field kit in a moleskin watercolor journal #140."
Sent this back and got something else because the water brush leaked a lot and the brush was half of why I wanted it.  But it was also really heavy in my hand.  Didn't try the paint as I knew it was going back.  But I did like that the mixing palette was able to be moved around.  Paint pans are small compared to like the cotman half pans.  No idea what the sponges are for other than maybe cleaning the water brush after you squeeze out some water?
"Please note: The 5 star rating is for the good color options and the convenience of a portable watercolor kit for painting on the go - and from the prospective of someone very new to using watercolors.

I joined an outdoor sketching group over a year ago. Painting outside presented several challenges for me and my initial attempts were frustrated by the difficulty in juggling brushes, paints, a water bottle- all while holding onto the sketchbook and trying to draw in it! After I discovered water brushes and stumbled on this Koi Sakura portable watercolor set, I was finally able to get down to the business of painting. At first, I wasn't sure if I'd like watercolor as a medium and didn't want to spend too much. At less than $25 for the color range and portability, I felt I couldn't go wrong buying this set. At that time, I also purchased the Cotman 14-color watercolor set but didn't like the flimsy-feeling palette and the paints kept falling out. I needed something easier to manage.

This 24-color set had all the shades I needed with a few colors I don't even use. It folds up neatly into a small, square box that fits into my shoulder bag. The colors are strong and more on the opaque side - which was my preference, initially. The problem I did have with the Sakura paints is that mixing colors created muddy results. I read somewhere to not mix more than 2 colors together if not using single pigmented watercolor brands. These are beginner/student quality but are much better than the retail store stuff that's all chalk and barely produces any color.

I've only used the included brush a few times early on. It was too much work to take off the plug and then attach the brush end to the barrel (and then dismantle in reverse after I was done). Instead, I bought several other fuller length water brushes. I like the Niji, Kuretake and Pentel Aquash brushes and have used Derwent ones as well. I just store the other water brushes (won't fit the Sakura case) with my drawing pens and pencils that I bring along with me, in a pencil pouch.

Now I'm ready for better quality paints and the price difference is considerable. I plan to keep this Koi set because the box is sturdy and well-made. I can replace the paints with better watercolors once I decide which to get. I've tried the Prima Marketing paints and was impressed with the color clarity and how more translucent they are compared to the Koi brand. I suppose this is part of the learning -- knowing what good paints look like on paper and what they can do!"
"These are my favorite paints. I have been using them for years and love this 30 color size. They blend well, can be soft and transparent or bold and colorful. The included water brush works wonderful. Fill it up, tuck it back in the paint box. Drop it in my back pack with my favorite Strathmore mixed-media journal or watercolor postcards, add a pencil and off I go."
"I absolutely love this set.  The colors are beautiful, the quality of the paint is excellent and the plastic case the items in this kit come in is fabulous.  Great for home or away use - and can absolutely be used in a variety of adult coloring books - adds another layer of fun to the coloring.  The kit even includes a water pen,  a palette and  two foam sponges.  Would recommend this kit to anyone."
"This item had been returned and was sold as new. You could see that about half of the colors had been tried and there were stains on the mixing tray from previous use! I'd return it for an exchange, but it isn't that big of a deal - it just makes me mad that they sold it as a new item."
"These are my favorite brand of water colour paints. I think there quality is excellent, they're easy to control and use, the pigment is strong, and the are affordable."
"I have been a serious watercolor painter for 15 years. I tried this set for travel and ended up using them for a month while supporting my brother through a health crisis ICU to rehab at Johns Hopkins. The brush and water reservoir is fantastic because it works without need for a dipping water jar.  I got used to the squeezing for blending in about a hour of practice. The colors are very rich and hold up well for extended use.  My set is barely used after 10 paintings.  I highly recommend this set to anyone that wishes they could do a little watercolor painting in an hour or so of spare time, without braking out an entire set up.  I can set up, paint clean up and put away this set and the set up and clean up time is about 3 minutes, honestly. I highly recommend giving this set a try."
"The colors are bright and vivid!  Super cute, small and great to toss in your bag to have ready whenever you feel inspired to paint!"
"Brought this for my friend for a late birthday present, this thing is so amazing And the colors are very beautiful! A little smaller than expected though, but that's completely fine. After I saw my friend use it, i wanted to keep it for myself xD will definitely buy another one"
"I'd tried some cheaper watercolors from a friend and thought I'd like to give it a try.  They were good but these were awesome!  I've done nearly 50, 8 1/2 x 11"" paintings and they're still lasting great!

Colors are vivid and cover extremely well.  I'm using mine on printer paper and would recommend pre-wetting areas to keep them even blending.  The brush quality is great!  So much so that I rarely use the other water color brush set I purchased.  The sponge might work but I prefer to have a dry, folded paper towel on hand to purge/squeeze/clean the brush.  The pallet works nicely for mixing.  The whole kit packs up wonderfully and lives in my backpack.

I couldn't be happier with the purchase and didn't expect to enjoy watercolors so much!

*Primary use- illustration and comic drawing for game design."
It's great for travel and for a home set. The color palate is bright and at the same time dull too so you can mix a high variety of colors to match your needs. I love the sponges on the side which ensure a place for sliding off any excess paint or water! Wasn't too big a fan of the brush though or maybe that's cause I couldn't get the hang of using it?! Not sure. Either way this product is excellent and would recommend!!!
great product
Case is sturdy and nice size for painting outdoors.  Love the divided pallet.  Colors are vibrant.  Water brush was a surprise....really enjoy using it.
The 30 color set has nice colors.  For the price they are good.  I don't really care for the slippery plastic box.  However the paints are held nice into place.
"The product arrived in perfect order and as described :) Thank you
As far as quality.. you get what you pay for. These watercolour paints are greatly pigmented for the price. Good student grade option."
"This watercolor brand is amazing! I love it. A friend recommend me this brand and I found it a reasonable price. You don't really have to get some palettes with a lot of colors, so this palette is great for including a mixing plate as seen in the image provided."
This is a great water brush and so far I've been using it nonstop. I can create cool watercolor paintings with little blending which this allows me to blend with ease. Not only that it came earlier than what it expected to come.
"If the water brush was better, I'd give it 4 stars.  My main disappointment was how small it was - my fault for not paying closer attention to this before purchase.  The colours are nice but not great but there is ample mixing space.  The water brush is - leaks too much water - when you press it and leaks water when you're not pressing it.
All in all, I was expecting higher quality paint; they are too opaque and a bit chalky.  But for my skill level, they will do until I get better at watercolour painting."
"Never leave home without it now.. Always being creative with this product, I would buy this again before any other water color set!"
It's a great traveling watercolor kit containing everything you need including the water. I've  used  one for years but needed to replace it.
"I think this is a really decent set of watercolors. The paint is pretty pigmented. Maybe not very top of the line, but light years better than most student brands. The brush unfortunately wouldn't come apart to be refilled after the first go. This didn't really stop me from painting since I didn't really use it anyway. Even while traveling, I still want to use multiple brushes and have plenty of water.

Maybe I don't sound totally floored with the paint, but for the price I think it's fantastic. The design of the kit is the real show stopper though. It's very compact and very sturdy. I'm a big dork for messy art stuff and I really love how the white of the plastic looks when the different colors of paint dry on the mixing palate after a few uses."
"I'm a newbie watercolorist who watched lots of youtubes before picking this pallette. I'm still figuring out what paper works and what doesn't,  but the colors are beautiful and seem to hold their pigment well. I like the pull-out mixing tray and it's compact size. I will need to make my own sampler bc I can't tell some of the colors apart when they're dry. Recommend!"
This is my favorite watercolor set for all purposes.
Best watercolor set for beginners!
Just started using this set about a week ago and am impressed with the quality of the colors.
"I feel like a real painter when I usw the Koi sketch box of water colors.  I am a beginner so I really don't know the difference in quality paints.  I have a  varity of sets and tubes but these so far are my favorite go to's.  Great pigments and colors are vivid.  I thanks ""The Frugalcrafter"" for this recommendation.
Love:  brush (holds water well without having to refill),  the removeable palette  has great surface paint and I especially like that it isn't slick so the paint and water stays in place); light weight and palm size.  I will definetely purchase Loi paints again; tubes next time."
"I love these watercolors. Considering how much use I've gotten out of them, they are definitely worth the price.

Pros: Wonderful range of colors, ranging from earthy to candy-coated, and great concentrated pigment for layering. It didn't become gooey like a lot of cheap watercolors. Super easy cleanup for that reason - even easier than most watercolors.
Cons: the waterbrush was useless after the red peg to keep it shut fell out and got lost; however, I typically didn't transport it with that brush anyways.

I've used these watercolors for a lot of daily sketches as I've done daily sketches for 143 days in a row (with the goal of 300, using the book 300 Drawing Prompts). These watercolors are wonderfully portable and serve me well when I want to sketch with color. I've attached some pictures of my results to show how bright or earthy these watercolors can be."
"this product could be better... the water that you put into the container barely reaches the brish and gives out minimal water flow, i have to squeeze the water out for it to work better unless the water colors will be mostly dry"
"Arrived nicely, earlier than expected. Everything intact, nothing broken so far! Can't wait to start using them!"
"I bought this from watching other people using this from the world of internet. I love this. So much. I'm still a newbie at watercoloring, but the colors. Oh gosh, the colors. I love the colors."
"Sakura 38550 4-ml Tank Koi Water Color Brush,...I wish I had ordered more."
"A WONDERFUL, DEEP VIBRANT palette, I use them all the time and am very VERY happy with them.
I did a Fade Test on them and they DID NOT FADE.
Placed under the Southern sun in the middle of Summer for 7 days these things barely faded AT ALL.
I have NOTHING but praises to sing for these paints.

The only ""down swing"" I can find is that they ARE cakes/pans, dry watercolors that have to be re-wetted and therefore they've curled, buckled and are a bit annoying, like any other Dry watercolors are when having to deal with them. For lack of how else to describe it they are a bit chalky in their cake form, but they dry out FAST and are NOT chalky, or powdery on the page AT ALL.

Their color/pigment is DARK, BRIGHT and overall WONDERFUL.  I use these for everyday painting, and they are PERFECT for travel too.
I recommend these to ANYONE, Especially if you're just getting into buying more high end, or EXPENSIVE watercolors, try these out first, they are GREAT. =-D"
NICE SET
This was A LOT smaller than I had anticipated. Especially considering I got a huge one for the same price. (Large for this product means small)
"The water colors came in neat little chunks in a nice plastic container with a palette. It was definitely smaller than I anticipated, but the size/deepness of the wells seem like it'll last me a while. The brush pen is of decent quality; not super great, but works as intended. There are a lot of great color selections in this one, and is a great kit for beginners and student artists."
"Great colors and pigment. Very nice and bold. Good consistency. Nice construction. Great to travel with and love the little thumb hook underneath! Little tiny squares of color, but you get a lot of bang for your buck out of them. Will buy again. I hope they have one with slightly bigger squares though."
"Love this set. The colors are beautiful and apply so nicely. I use the brush included, but find that it is a little thick for what I want to do with it, which is hand-lettering/calligraphy. The design of the brush however is great. It's smart, clean, and convenient. I read a trick to wet the desired colors with a few drops of water and waiting for it to seep in. I will always use this technique now. The colors come out sooo opaque and vibrant."
Love these paints!!!
"I really enjoy painting with these water colors, I'm a happy customer."
I use these to hand color photo graphs with watercolors which requires lots of detail work. I love them for the sharp point they keep which makes it possible for me to get the details done
"Lovely colours. Hard to was colour out of the water brush though, if I use the sponges then they get full of colour and end up dirtying the brush again. Water brush also leaks a little and puts out too much water in places. However, I still enjoy using it because of how easy it is to play with the colours."
arrived on time and works perfectly
"Bought one for my pre-teen and it is such a great set, I had to buy one for myself as well! A great selection of high quality pan colors, the brush is excellent (though I have never used water brushes in the past, so I can't compare to other such brushes), the sponges and palette are useful, the whole thing is compact and light, perfect for quick studies in the back yard. The lid acts as an easel, and perfectly accommodates&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Strathmore-400-Series-Watercolor-Postcard-15-Cards-in-Each-Pack-3-Packs-PER-Order/dp/B00AL6VTRG/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Strathmore 400 Series Watercolor Postcard 15 Cards in Each Pack/3 Packs PER Order</a>.

Great purchase!"
"<div id=""video-block-RY82AL4C0SP1D"" class=""a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block""></div><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/E198AmN1U8S.mp4"" class=""video-url""><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/81%2Br0u0AmLS.png"" class=""video-slate-img-url"">&nbsp;Perfectly cute and compact watercolor set for traveling! While it is tiny, that's the whole point. I have no trouble mixing colors from it, but are they the same as the better quality artist's colors? Nope. After making my own cakes using Windsor and Newton artist's colors in tubes (and also using other pans), I can clearly see the difference.

Here's my full review after using it a while:

Pros:
1) It's tiny and compact, not too heavy.
2) It has the right accessories with a big pan for mixing that is adjustable for position, two sponges for use with a water pen, and a water pen that has a nice reservoir.
3) Wide range of colors means mixing any color is really possible without too much trouble.
4) Colors are rich and dense, particularly for a student grade kit.

Cons:
1) Lightfastness! The site has no info on that and reports conflict. Everyone will have to conduct their own tests, which is a pain. That makes it less reliable for finished pieces meant to be seen. It's fine for journaling or learning.
2) Static! The plastic is very static-y and will attract debris and hair (like cat or dog hair) right to it. Especially in winter or in dry conditions. Huge pain!
3) No metal. Mixing colors on plastic is not my favorite because it stains.
4) The brush is big. I got a Zig to replace it and like that just fine, but I do more detailed work.
5) The pan inserts are thin plastic and have to be refilled using the Koi tubes, but if you want to switch to a more lightfast version from another maker, you can do that. Even so, not being able to slip in a new pan is annoying and the plastic is thin enough that it's a bit worrisome.

Who is this for? Because the set is listed as non-toxic, it's great for younger persons just starting their journey. Because the plastic is super sturdy, it's also great for kids that have gone beyond the whole crayola thing. It's fine for journaling or just experimenting while traveling, but the lack of a metal pan for mixing and the lightfastness issue means that it's not great for anything you'll want to show."
Great
Probably THE well-designed mini watercolor pocket pan set on the market. Prima marketing set colors a bit more vibrant but you can't beat this one for the design and convenience. If Urban sketching is your new hobby - this is the one to get. :-)
"It arrived in a somewhat messy package, but the merchandise itself was in very good condition! I immediately opened up to try the paints, and I absolutely love it. The colors are very pigmented but dilutes pretty easily with enough water; I tried the paints with the little brush that came with the field kit and it works nicely. I'm sure that I will be using this paint set for a long while!"
"The pigment on this set is the best of all the sets I own, and the price point is totally affordable!
This is the brand I will continue buying, you can't go wrong!"
"If you haven't seen a calligrapher use this for lettering, check out instagram. It's a great medium for some unique lettering. This was pretty much the dupe for the pantel aquash pen, so I thought I've give it a go. It works well enough considering the price. However as soon as I squeezed water out, it immediately started leaking out of the side instead of through the brush. Maybe I just got a dud?"
"From a newbie point out view, its nice too have a variety of portable colors."
"I love the rich colors of this set, and the fact that it's so portable I can take it anywhere. The water brush, however does not screw together well and unable to use due to leaking. Overall, a great set!"
"I hadn't touched watercolors since I was in middle school decades ago. On a whim, I ordered this kit and I have been obsessed! Great colors, love the set up with the easel and LOVE the waterbrush! I am now moving on to artist grade watercolors, but will keep this as my travel set!"
Beautiful kit. The lid of the paint brush does not fit the body of it.
You get what you pay
"I like it very much ,beautiful colors ."
"had a set just like them, has a good pigment....."
"It came packaged nicely. The colors are beautifully vibrant. I don't care to much about the watercolor brush, maybe it's just me but it seemed to leak a lot of water.
The thing I noticed is that the color blocks are cracking.
But other than that , I would highly recommend."
The handle is too short on the waterbrush.
Item came much quicker than projected and higher quality than I was even expecting. I would highly recommend! Amazing!
"This set is terrific!  I highly recommend it.  You get 24 separate paints in a very portable, intelligently designed, case for a low price.  The paint pans are SMALL but the paint is good.  If you don't go wild with the paint it should still last a long time.  This set is perfect for en plein air and small paintings."
This is so fun and so portable. We've thoroughly enjoyed field work and even home work with this set (it makes for quick and easy cleanup as well). I highly recommend this.
Great for a beginner great variety of colors and very pigmented my came with two of the paint squares broken off but I just popped them back in and I was good to go.
"Good variety of paints, allows for mixing and other great colors"
"I trully love this set. I have other sets that i use when traveling, but this one is special as it has a 24 colors options in a very small package, the tray is easy to install in the wholes and to use, the colors are brilliant and come easy out when touching with the wet brush, nothing to complain about. Also the price on amazon is a bargain, the price in the store is at lest double. You will love painting with this set at home ( easy clean up and storage) as well as on the go."
"I'm no artist, I just really love to make pretty things. This has been an excellent little set and I am very happy with the colors. The brush is fantastic and everything showed up in tact. These are a little expensive, but I think they are well worth the money because they don't have that chalky look that cheaper paints have."
Couldn't love this set more.  The colors are vibrant and the brush is actually pretty decent although you may want to invest in another one.  Using for Bible journaling.
"I love it ! I love the colors, the brush, everythingggg"
"I cannot give this product enough stars, the paint is high quality and so vibrant. The colors mix well, unlike cheap watercolors that often become muddy. I love how portable this kit is, the waterpen makes painting so clean and simple to paint on the go almost anywhere! I highly recommend!"
"This is the perfect little travel set of high quality watercolors! The colors are all very vibrant and easy to blend. I paint a lot and this little set has lasted me quite a while. The insert color blending tray is perfect with plenty of room to blend and play with colors. The case and extras that come with it are packaged perfectly for painting on the go, or at home where you may have little space to work with. Convenience and quality in a perfectly packaged set!"
Great delivery time. Good travel watercolor set.
Really nice set.  Lots of colors.  Convenient water felled brush.
"I use Sakura watercolor before but that was a long time ago when I was a kid and I wasn't sure if they still make good watercolor. For the price, I decided to take a chance. Some of the pigments were not as vibrant as the more expensive brands but the Sakura Koi series is still as good as I remembered."
so nifty one of my favorite cases the pallet is my favorite I use it all the time and I like the water colors they are really pretty and good variety I haven't used the brush I have some I really like using but all in all I would say if you are thinking about buying this case then rest assured this isn't a waste of money
Awesome water colors for a beginner like me
"Okay, where do I start with these?  I am completely obsessed with this.  This is my go to water color set whenever I get the urge to paint.  They blend and mix very well.  When you add layer after layer, they hold up and don't streak.  It's also nice that you can mix your paints on the inner cover.

Now for the cons.
The water brush is not the best. The first few weeks of using it, the brush began to fray/spread apart. It just separated too much. It's been months now since I bought it, and the issue still remains.  This becomes a very problematic issue because it doesn't hold the paint as well, and tend to splotch it around randomly (thanks to the straying brush strands). On the plus side, the size of the brush is pretty good and basic, and you can get away with small details. Also, you do have to squeeze the brush to get any water out.  If you squeeze too hard, too much water will spill out and keep leaking.

Next is the color selection. The blues and reds family are exactly the same. There is no noticeable difference when applying it, nor when it dries.  The red, pink (5th color. It applies like a pink if you water it down enough, but appears red if not enough), and darker tone brown all appear as one solitary color, unless you squint and throw it under a bright light. After waiting about 5 hours, after it dried, it was only then that they ''showed their true color''.  Applying lots of water also helps show the actual color.

 This is not the case for both of the blues. One should be darker, or more like a navy, yes? But they both appear as an ocean blue.

Overall, these are worth getting.  I give it 4 stars because the brush is not the best and the color selection can have a bit more variety."
This is the best watercolor set that I've ever had. I would totally buy 20 of these.
Love my Koi traveling palet.  Allows me to take my watercolors with me when I travel as well as using them at home.
"I love this set of Sakura 24 field watercolors. It is small and fits in the hand, has a thumb ring to use in the field...the mixing palate fits on either side of the paint palate and you can use the lid as well. The colors are rich and vibrant!  It came with an awesome little water brush! This was my first Koi product but it won't be my last...I just LOVE the colors I can get from this little palette."
perfect set for anyone looking for somewhere to start when watercoloring
"Love it, love it! Amazing colors"
"Bought this waterbrush after I watched a YouTube video from ""The Mind of Watercolor"" did a review on waterbrushes. He seemed to prefer this brand of brush over the others because it's slightly dryer than the rest offering a bit more control of the water. I do need to add that this is a compact version of a typical waterbrushes so it doesn't hold as much water. But it comes with a special cap specifically for the tank only so don't throw that little black cap out you can use it to put carry your brush broken in half to fit into a smaller space.the brush is nylon bristles and is very fine. Great for tiny detail work."
"The brush is a bit large, but the paints are great!"
I'm so in love with this kit. It comes with everything you need as a water color artist. I recommended this to a few friends and they actually ended up buying them too. The only problem I seem to have with it is that I run out of white easily because of how light I want my colors to be but other than that this product is amazing. It's very light weight and I actually took it on a trip. It was very relaxing to use while on a 5 hour plane ride. This is truly one of the best kits compared to the ones I've tried and I hope to buy more of these products in the future.
Colors are vibrant and very easy to use!
This is a great product!  It does exactly what it is supposed to do!
"It's a really neat project but after a bit of use the water started leaking out of the pen part.
It's got a neat way of being able to hold it with a hook for your thumb.
Great for ""Mini Art"""
I like to paint with a big brush and these watercolors are ill-suited for that. Otherwise great little set.
I haven't painted since I was in high school. But my children are becoming interested and art.  So I decided to purchase a small set. It was a really great purchase. The colors are very very easy to work with and not at all chalky. I'm so happy with this purchase.
"This set is great especially for beginners, students, and people (like me) re-starting their artwork."
I just love these water brushes.  I have one in every size now.  It makes travel so easy
"Such a cute set, I love the little case and how everything fits inside. Palette is removable which makes it far easier to wash off the paint than the far more expensive Windsor field sets, and the sponges on the sides are so helpful for wiping your brush and they come out for easy washing as well. While the paint is a little thinner than I would like, and doesn't get that same level of mixing I'm accustomed to with Windsor, as a cheap set for painting on the fly I think it's perfect, and it has more colors anyway so I had less need to mix colors as with other sets. The water brush is a perfect fit, and easily stores inside as well, strongly recommend!"
"So pleased with this set. As a novice to watercolor, I wasn't sure what I needed or what to expect. I love the watercolor pen and everything comes in a compact, easy to use case! Loved it!"
"I'm a beginner and this product is awesome. I love the portability and the colors. Very easy to use, nice pigment and easy blending. The brush is very nice, too.
Recommended."
"I bought this for traveling and to have something compact in my bag. I love the way it is packaged carrying box; this set has been to europe and south america many times. I love the brush included because, all i have to do is fill it up with water, store and pop it right back out when i want to paint something, there's no need of bringing a water bottle with me anymore. Plus it is a small amount of water that the airport won't confiscate it from me, so i can paint while on the airplane. This has lasted me for quite a while so i am very happy with that. My only complain is that i wished the colors were much more intense like my other water colors. I use something else for other pieces but this one for traveling or to have ""on the go"" in my bag. I hope they make another version with stronger pigments in the future."
"Would buy again, love them sooo much"
Everything was good.
I use these for Bible journaling and they are fantastic. They don't bleed at all and the colors are so vivid!
"DO NOT BUY THESE FOR PROFESSIONAL WORK!
Alright so. I've been using watercolor professionally for about six years now. Several artists I follow on social media, who happen to produce very beautiful work, said they use this watercolor palette. It's pretty cheap, and I was looking to expand my color selection since brighter colors tend to be more expensive because the pigments are harder to come by like blues, magentas and purples. . I'm not sure what art magic other people use, but these are the worst watercolors I've ever used. They're barely decent for creating small areas of blended color, but they aren't very pigmented, and you CANNOT create large areas of flat color like for water or sky. I worked on a painting for about an hour before I wanted to throw this set in the garbage. This is is an OK set for beginners, people who don't make money from their paintings, or for practice. I understand now why Windsor Newton, Holbein, and Daniel Smith watercolors and pigments are so expensive: they work beautifully and are worth the money for professional work."
"Love this little set for the most part.  The paint is very opaque.  However...  It doesn't seem to puddle very well. (Which is the main reason I love water colors)  Leaves kind of residue or grainy appearance which I am not a huge fan of. Here is a quick doodle I did without letting anything puddle..  Her face is a coffee stain, and not actual paint."
This is great to have if you want watercolors on the go.
So portable!
Great as described!
"And easy to use, it is small and reasonable price"
very handy  for travel and plein air
Nice small and has all the right colors along with a water brush
These are perfect for my needs.
"Love the product but one of the watercolour cake came off from the socket. Otherwise, it comes in good condition."
"Got this for my wife, she loves it."
"My husband gave me this as a gift and I LOVE it! I can take it outside for quick sketches or spend time making a detailed painting. As a young person, I was always drawing and painting but had gotten away from it in the last 40 years, spending more time singing and taking photographs. This kit renewed my creative spirit and I have since purchased more traditional watercolor materials but still use this kit for outdoors. It was a gift so price doesn't come into it but if I were looking to purchase a gift for a creative friend or someone who needs a hobby, it is certainly the perfect price. And excellent quality and color choices. Don't pass this by!"
"I'm not a water color guru or anything, but I do love the colors and the ease of use with the palette being portable. I mostly use it for brush lettering, but my kids use it for ""paintings"". They dry quickly and take lots of water, but the brush makes it easy since it's in the handle. I also use a regular 0 brush with these colors."
"Product was used (paint stains and 2 of the colors were loose and knocked around the box) and missing the mixing tray--what's the point of having a field set if the built in palette is missing?

Would have loved to use this if it had everything new as described."
Great watercolors.  I was using another brand and then I ordered these.  They are wonderful to use.
A+
great watercolor set
"I've never tried the water color tubes before, and really wanted to as I would have more control over the palette and have a broader range of control. The colors are absolutely beautiful and vibrant. Especially the blues, they are deep and rich. I docked a star only because I feel even though the colors lay down richly and that a broad range of beautiful hues can be made with this set that these dry a bit duller than I'd like my water colors to dry (personal preference), but they are a great set for a great price. Doesn't compare to Caran D'ache Neocolors or Faber Castell Albrecht pencils. However, these are student grade water colors and they're great for practice and color theory and a zillion times better than hard half pans full of filler. These are great for art journaling and field sketching. They make excellent washes and layer nicely. They are wonderful paints, and worth using when your saving your artist grade colors for something special! I highly recommend this lovely set of paints, and a little squeeze goes a very long way!

If you felt this review was helpful, please click ""yes""!"
Great value and portable.
"This is an amazing portable kit, I'm very happy with the colors, how deep the pigments are... and the fact that it comes with a water brush! Everything you could want in a watercolor travel kit"
Exceptional! The compactness of it makes it easy to travel with me and no mess!
Great product! Been using this product alone for my paintings. Thanks for keeping the quality high!
"These paints are great beginner watercolors. They are cheap, comes with a ton of colors, and includes a great water brush. If you enjoy painting on the go, this is a fantastic kit for you."
I'm not a prof. But so in love with these colors as it inspired me to paint and color .. It came with medium brush .. The colors in on plastic it could be replaced as described in front of the box .. I have one question .. Can i find replacment without buying the whole kit again ??
"Good watercolors for any artist, best for on the go, nice pigmented smooth colors,"
"I highly recommend this set to anyone! I've been telling all my friends about it and posting to Instagram.
 I've been using watercolor tubes and I just suck at mixing colors, but there's a good variety of colors in this set and if i need to mix anything, it's not too difficult for a dum-dum like me. I cut out a 4x6 piece of watercolor paper and made a guide for myself and stuck it on the inside of the case.
 The size of it is perfect and cleanup is really easy. I can take it with me if I want to paint outside.
 Attached are pictures I took of what my complete set looks like and a painting I did."
Great quality paint. I will order more
"It can get a little messy, but that's okay!
Artists are messy in general haha
the colors are very nice, i wish there was a chart for what color was what cause some of the dark colors look the same unless u actually use it and test it on a paper.
the pen keeps the first color u ever used on it so umm try to use a color u like the most hahaha
for a travel kit, this is ammazing!
you can paint anywhere and it's easy to bring anywhere"
OMG Love it!!!!! Definitivamente lo volvera a comprar!
"Beats colored pencils and markers on price. I experimented with various media on adult coloring books while on vacation. This is the first time I have used water colors since I was a kid. The pencils were too dull looking. The markers were expensive and limited in colors. The brush in this kit had a reservoir for water, the bristles could make a fine line or wide stroke and could easily be cleaned to go quickly from one color to another, the colors were bright and intense and could be mixed. A coloring book and this kit is all you need. I'm not wasting my money on colored markers ever again. I used this exactly like I would a colored marker, and it would fit in my pocket or my wife's purse."
"I'm just starting out with watercolor painting and bought a cheaper watercolor set earlier which totally ruined my learning experience. Then, when  planning for a recent trip, I decided I wanted something compact to carry with me on the road and bought this set and right off the bat, was blown away by the pigment in this pan. The colors are extremely creamy and so very pigmented. It is compact enough to carry it in my purse, it has one water pen included and a color mixing tray as well, but I have been most impressed by the intensity of the colors. Highly recommend this to anyone starting out with watercolors. For 19$, it's a steal."
"This Koi set is my favorite watercolor palette at this price point. For around $20, you have tons of decent quality pan colors and a great size box that's totally portable and well-made to fit and close well and has that tray for mixing that works great, and a thumb ring, so you can hold in one hand. Since using this, I've moved on to buy tubes of watercolor paint to use in empty metal palette boxes, but this is a great beginner or easy travel set. If I were getting someone a small art gift, this would be my choice. I may buy a new one for myself too in the future for travel, as well."
Great travel palette.  Very nice for a beginner like me for trying out a wide range of colors.  Easy to put in my bag and take with me.  Colors are very nice and the palette is great.  Water brush works well once you sit and play with it to get used to how to use it.  I do put a rubber band around it to make sure it doesn't pop open in my bag.
"compact, easy to use!"
awesome set for travel! I use with coloring books as well as watercolor papers. great colors
Im a beginner in this. And i can definately say these are awsome!!!! :DD
This is by far my favorite water color palette. The water colors are of decent quality and the aqua brush it comes with is great! I've had a hard time finding another brush like it of comparable quality. The removable palette can be positioned in a number of ways which makes mixing colors a breeze. I can't reccomend this palette enough.
brush is worthless
Just the right size for what I need.  It is compact enough to take to card and faith art journaling classes.  I love it!
"Handy small size for travel complete with a palette that attaches for ease of use,"
Paints have excellent coloring and flow well on the paper.
Awesome set!
"This was the perfect starter for me, someone who is fairly new to watercolors. The small size is very convenient if you want to bring it places. The waterbrush is a great size and works perfectly. I like that the set only had 18 colors and a pan to mix so that I wasn't too overwhelmed with mixing options and it was perfect for me to experience new colors on my own. I totally recommend this for anyone starting out, or practicing watercolors as the quality is smooth and easy to blend. 10/10 would buy again! "
Nice price. Good purchase.
"A nice set for travel, but I would prefere a more transparent paint."
I like this little watercolor pallet a lot. For the money you really get a lot. The colors are okay. They aren't Schmineke. But for a beginning artist or student they are very good. I love that it comes with a water brush very handy when out in the world painting. I don't really use the sponges that come in the side pockets i prefer using Viva towels rolled up and stuffed in those slots. I like that you can put the mixing tray on either side. A tip if you have problems getting the paint off your mixing tray try the Magic eraser. I have found it works really well with a good scrub and warm water to get those difficult stains off.
Love this kit! It's super easy to carry with you and compact enough to tote everywhere. It's easy to clean up and put away and is great quality-wise.
"I bought this set 3 years ago for a class - the instructor recommended using them for travel journals rather than taking along a larger palette with tube paint in full pans. I was just learning watercolor back then and was reluctant to try this set versus artist grade paints. This set was freeing because there are enough colors that you don't have to spend a lot of time mixing, they are transparent but surprisingly lively, and the size is perfect for travel. And, for a perfectionist like me, this kit just seemed playful and fun. I still haven't used up all of the paint in this kit so it really lasts a long time if, like me, this isn't your only palette. It took me a little while to figure out how to use these paints effectively, especially with the water brush. For me, it was best to spray water on the paints and wait a few minutes, then use a tiny bit of water on the brush to get nice, vibrant colors. Practice helps. I also like taking along a couple of regular brushes even though they don't fit into the kit. Also, pay attention to your paper - watercolors are luxurious to work with if you treat yourself to decent paper. I like the Strathmore visual journals and watercolor journals but any 140 lb watercolor paper should work fine. You can use 90 lb paper if you don't use much water but it might still buckle."
"These feel good to use. I've never used expensive stuff, so I don't know the difference, but these are a step above, say, crayola. The included water brush is slightly less great than the pentel ones, I put india ink directly in it for sketching."
"I am just a beginning painter - I don't really have the experience or expertise to compare this to very expensive paints, but I can say that I have enjoyed using them very much.  They don't feel chalky, the colors are rich and lovely, and I like the way the blend and the finished product when they dry.  I use a syringe (nurse) to pre-wet them and it works out very well.  I like how easy they are to take with me anywhere - on a picnic, out camping, etc.  The size and included palate make them perfect for me.  I believe they were a good value."
We got this because my daughter's art teacher suggested it.  My daughter loves it and uses it almost every day.
What a great compact watercolor set.  I had to purchase one when I saw and tried the set at my painting class.
Haven't tried it yet but it looks great.
"These are well saturated creamy little chunks of color, perfectly sized for going on a sketch outing. I have bought the 24 assortment before and don't want to be without them - so this is my back up set!"
"The pigments have a very good quality and blend well, too. I recommend people to test with water when you first use it to get rid of the light glue holding the fibers together, as it will transfer to the paper."
Love these!  I love how small it is and I love the water brush. The colors are nice and vivid...I have other watercolors and so I was curious on how these compare.  Colors are brighter....enjoy!
Good tip and quality fivers.
Great kit for the backpack for doing watercolors for nature study. My child loves it. Definitely will be considering for gifts in the future. The brush full of water is very convenient and easier to manage than a jar in the field.
Perfect
Very good colors and fun and portable. I loved it!
Awesome watercolors! I liked it so much I bought one for my mom. She really enjoys it too. The colors are really vibrant and smooth and I just love how it's for on the go.  Its small but not too small. I would definitely recommend this.
"I love my set, bought to keep in my truck so I can paint when I have down time. The paints wet easily and the pigments are bright and strong. For the price I don't think these can be beat. There would only be a couple things I would change. The finger ring on mine fell off in the first month -it could be a little tougher, and paynes gray is very granular, all the other pigments are very smooth."
Love these!
Huge step up from grocery store watercolors. So vibrant and yummy! The pans are small but will last a very long time. Super portable. Love the many mixing trays. Some of the colors granulate terribly but maybe that's normal. All in all I'm obsessed with this compact kit of beautiful color.
Love it!! Fast delivery
I expected this brand to be made in Japan. mine is from China. disappointed.
"I love this ultra-portable set of watercolors.  The paints are very bright and pigmented, and other than white and black there is a variety of each color of the rainbow. The mini aquash brush included is just like a regular Pentel Aquash brush, but cuter.  It makes bringing water along with you for painting super easy.  I often doodle and paint while watching tv, and this set is always by my side.  I cannot wait to take this set with me on my upcoming vacation, where I plan on sketching and painting as I hike.  A+"
The setup and design of this watercolor set is fantastic. Way too often cases are flimsy and fall apart. This watercolor set has gone through some wear and tear in a backpack and still holds up great! The colors are also very vibrant and the colors are brought to life!
"My mom wanted to steal this palette from me. The colors are pretty well pigmented. I wish the water brush was a bit smaller to do more detailed work, and it gives almost a little too much water on a light squeeze. However, it works easily and is simple to refill. I took this on an airplane with me no problem! It was well worth the price."
Awesome product
Worth buying! This watercolor palette is amazingly! You can take it with you anywhere.
"Brilliant colors, easy to move around the paper...perfect for me."
"This is my third set of these easy to use water colors. The colors are fine on a good quality paper. This is a super set for travel, plein air painting and for the impatient artist. It's nifty and reliable quality and design."
So perfect
working well
Love these...so easy to use and carry with me. The brush seems kind of hard to clean. Will have to buy additional brushes for different sorts of painting.  I would buy this again in a heartbeat!
"Half pans really are super tiny.  Beautiful color and daughter loves having ""real"" art supplies.  Peace out, Crayola."
"This has quickly become my favorite water color set. It's the perfect travel size and the colors are bright, vibrant, and wonderful to work with."
"Unfortunately I either got a dud or I just hate this brush. I was so excited to get it and the reviews are great but I have to squeeze the barrel so hard to get even the tiniest amount of water to the brush that the water leaks out the the threads. I looked for a place to contact the company but could not find one. I am very disappointed to say the least.
Updated,  I read a review somewhere to someone else that had this problem.  They suggested checking to make sure that there was not a little plastic plug in the valve that was not supposed to be there.  Sure enough mine was plugged!  Now water is making its way to the brush.  I will change my review if the brush is useful now. I am so glad that there was another reviewer that gave this information, so thanks to whomever that was."
"My tween daughter loves this! She has really improved and loves it compared to watercolored pencils. All in all, she's finding her niche and has discovered a talent in painting."
"I am completely in love with this set. It's been in my wishlist for years now and I finally decided to give it a try. Holy moly I wish I ordered this ages ago!! It makes painting with watercolor as easy as drawing with pencils. With the special brush, compact size, and sponges, cleanup isn't an issue. No downsides at all. If you are on the fence on buying this go ahead and do it! You won't regret it."
I bought these and a set of Winsor and Newtons. I use these if I want a more vibrant ink-like look and use the Winsor and Newtons if I want a more natural watercolor look. I am happy with them.
Perfect size for traveling. Fits nicely in just about any bag. Easy to use and clean up. Wireless great with watercolor postcard pad.  I throw a couple of those in the case when I travel and can do some small painting practice when in hotel or out exploring. I'm a beginner so it seems like a great start kit and highly mobile.
This kit is beyond what you would expect!!! Really useful
great for using even after the original colors are gone
great little package
"I should have bought better quality, not worth the $"
"I wrote this review after using it for 3 times. It is enough for a beginner like me, and it's really convenient because you only bring a small box like this when you're painting. However, it will be better if there is a bigger brush in it."
"FYI, the bottle screws off the opposite way of what one would expect. (Lefty tighty, Righty loosey).  Works well and cleans easily. Great for the price."
Great compact set!  Love that it includes a waterbrush!
Smaller in person than I thought it would be. Very portable.  I like it.
"Perfect set, even good for airplane (haven't tried yet but would imagine it would work well), perfect for adults or kids, makes beautiful works. Colors are excellent, well thought product, very sturdy plastic!!!! I also like to offer it as a gift, beautiful!!!"
I received one of these as part of my Sakura Koi watercolor set and loved it so much that I bought another to use in another travel watercolor kit. They don't leak and I love the fact that they can come apart and you can fill it then put the plug inside so you have a ready to go full water tank but in a full size brush that can fit in my Cotman Deluxe Sketcher's Pocket Box that I have refilled with a set of W&N professional pan paints. I've tried the Pentel version and found I didn't like the water flow and it didn't allow me to fill it and yet keep it compact by being able to remove the brush portion. Very happy with this and may order the smaller brush size as well.
"I ordered this watercolor set, as a beginner I thought this was good to start out with. The colors are very vibrant. I love the size and it's perfect for travel. If you are looking for a good quality watercolor set without breaking the bank, this is great."
"Excellent quality, incredibly durable case! Exceeded all my wild beginner's dreams. Plus, the included water brush is the knees of the bees."
I love it
I love it
"Cant figure out how to get the squeeze part of the brush to screw onto the main part, so this brush doesn't work for me. Unless there's some trick to getting the parts to screw together."
"This is my first watercolor set (I wanted to pick up watercoloring). It's super compact, so I could definitely see myself carrying this around. Because this is my first watercolor kit, I don't have much experience - like knowing what makes a kit good or bad, if the watercolors are good quality, etc.

But I will say that the colors are super, super pigmented. I will update this review with a photo of a painting I did.

And the brush is absolutely awesome. I literally squeeze it like 2-3 times and the entire color will be gone from the brush tip. It's insane. The first time I used this I was worried about the durability of this brush, and how it would control the amount of water when I squeeze, but it's brilliant. Solid control, and easy to use. I believe it makes watercoloring easy for complete beginners who have no understanding on how to control on water. I definitely feel like as I experimented with this, the ease I felt was because of this amazing brush. All you do is fill the inside with water, and turn the actual brush-tip part on. Voila! It's connected, and will not leak.

Also, on the back of the box shown in the product image, there are instructions that you can put a little canvas or paper on the inside of the lid (so once you open the box, the lid will be flat) when you paint. Like they're trying to sell that it's also an easel or something. This doesn't work for me because 1) my paper is massive and 2) It wouldn't be very balanced anyway, because the paper would shift around on the plastic. I don't think this would be a problem for a lot of people because we would all be using pretty big pieces of paper, but just letting you know. It doesn't work for me, and I don't see how this would be that great, because I feel like it would slide around, or if you accidentally moved the entire kit, the water would move as well.

The kit does come with sponges on both sides of the colors, but I haven't used them yet (not really sure when to use it). They look like cheap sponge that you could probably easily replace. You can easily pull them out the little trays.

Cleanup is super easy. I usually run the plastic detachable mixing palette under water for a few seconds, then use paper to wipe the rest off. It comes out really clean. Of course, if you leave it to dry for a long time and then clean it off, expect some struggle. I am just in love with the brush. The brush is freaking awesome, and the brush fibers are amazing.

All in all, I really like this cute, compact watercoloring kit. I'm glad I made this purchase :)"
I bought this set for my messy 3 year old.  It works great for him!  The water is contained in the brush so no spills and it is simple to use.  I am very pleased.
"It has 24 concentrated cakes, a water pen brush that is easy to clean, little sponges for cleaning the pen, a plastic palette for mixing colors or diluting, an easel to hold your papers."
"Lol very small, easy to used and bring outside."
My daughter uses these for Art class and loves them.
Love it!
Love these so much! Great quality for beginner-advanced artist. Nice size. Only thing is the bristles came out of my brush a bit and won't go back in all the way.
"Works great as long as you don't fill it with water. Just look on Youtube for people using these things, no one fills them because they flood water out. just dip them in a small bowl of water. Much easier to control than a long brush and they keep a sharp point better than a brush so you can do fine lines easier."
Love this. Paints sewm to lay down as well as my expensive stuff.
good
My daughter loved this so much I bought another one to surprise her!
"Very happy with the pigmentation of the water colors.  The size is amazing. There is a nifty finger loop on the underside which makes it easy to hold.  The pallet is great for mixing colors and you can attach it in a variety of ways.  I am able to take a few strathmore artist tiles and keep inside the kit when I don't want to bring a sketch pad along.

My one complaint is that the brush must be disassembled to fit inside the kit.  This is super annoying because I like to fill the brush at home to take with me. I have learned my lesson...DO NOT THROW AWAY the little black plastic stopper for the brush water-well.  If they re-design this kit in the future, ideally the brush should be able to fit when assembled.  Also, to unassemble the brush, turn the opposite way than you think, annoying and I mess it up everytime.

Overall, BEST travel kit I have found.  Can't wait to buy extra brushes/tips."
"I absolutely LOVE this little item. It is easy to use, completely portable, the colors are vibrant. EVERY watercolor artist should have one!"
"This was my first watercolor purchase and I love it. The water brush is easy to use and very handy, especially if you're on the go. The colors are varied and beautiful."
"This product is excellent designed, you can literally paint on the train/plane, the idea of carrying water inside of the pen is so smart, it uses very little water in a very effective way, way less messy than the traditional paint, the whole product is light and perfect size to be held on one hand, I'm so glad a discover this product and can re-pick up my passion for painting now."
"Awesome watercolor set. Maybe not the utmost pigmented of watercolors, but it's such a compact and perfect set. The water pen was confusing to use at first because the cap twists the opposite direction of anything I've ever had to twist off. Once I figured out my mistake, I tried it out and promptly bought more water pens."
"LOVE THE WATER COLOR KIT, USE IT FREQUENTLY.  IT ACTUALLY INTRODUCED ME TO THE WATERCOLOR PENS,  THANK YOU."
I just love the fact that I don't need an open container of water.  It's easy to fill and holds an impressive amount of water.
Great little box of watercolors.  Colors are bright and pretty and easy to carry with you.
"Very poor quality! Colors separate on paper,  total waste of money!  DO NOT BUY!!"
"These pens are the greatest! Use them ALL the time for just about any watercolor project I have. Now I am venturing into water brush lettering and they are perfect for the task. I carry a full set of sizes all the time in my paint bag, along with my Sakura Koi watercolors and all the rest of my painting stuff. Happiness flows from the tip of these brushes...well, almost, you know."
"Wonderful! Amazing! Great quality! Perfect.
I love this set! I bought it to carry with my sketch stuff because it has so many colors in the box. The watercolors are creamy, not as transparent as others I have used but the colors are rich and vivid. The box is high quality, well made and the little thumb holder on the bottom is great for painting in the field. I bought the first set for myself and another set for my daughter, we both love them."
"I LOOOOOOVE these paints! They are so vibrant, so pigmented, so fun! They are by far my FAVORITE watercolor paints out there."
"I love these water colors, the colors are so vibrant!!! Timely delivery, great price and lovely colors!!!!  It's so perfect for travel, I put them in my bag and they can go anywhere with me."
I love water brushes!
I gave this as a gift and my friend really like it. She also mentioned that it is pigmented and she only put so little water. The colors are vibrant and when it dires it shows more color.
"The size of this field box is 4 1/2 by 6"".  It's actually the same box as the 24 half pan set, which I also have, but couldn't resist getting the larger set.  The extra line of 6 half pans just means that it has one less sponge than the 24 pan set, and the waterbrush (divided into two parts) is stored in the space where the second sponge is in the 24 pan kit.  The paints/pigments are not quite artist quality but still deep, and rich, very good, mostly transparent.  The peach (Jaune Brilliant) is the only one that seems a little opaque.  The case and palate is very sturdy, and has a convenient thumb ring on the bottom.  It's hard to resist a field kit that is so compact and so handy.  However the insert that holds the half pans is thin styrene and I'm not sure how well it will hold up  Note that the half pans paints are firmly fixed in the styrene, they are not in individual pans like, for example, the Winsor and Newton field kits, so swapping or refilling colors may be more than just adding a new half pan.  But you could always add liquid color to an empty pan and let it dry. The case doesn't snap shut very tightly, you may want to reinforce it with a rubber band around it.  The Koi waterbrush is also easy to use and of good quality.  You can put  a 4 x 6"" watercolor postcard in the lid and use the lid as an easel of sorts, but you can't store paper in this field kit, not a block of postcards at any rate, maybe there's room for a couple of sheets. The mixing area can be set up on the right or left side of the case, and has five wells for mixing.  The back or lid of the case can be used for mixing  or as an easel to hold a 4 X 6 watercolor postcard.  The case has room only enough for the contents- not even for a short handled brush. But what is in it is basically enough for a compact field kit.  This is a very desirable field kit for any watercolor artist.

This set contains the following colors:
Chinese White, Lemon Yellow, Areoline Hue, Permament Yellow, Permanent Yellow Deep, Permanent Orange

Jaune Brilliant, Vermillion Hue, Cadmium Red Hue, Crimson Lake, Quinacridone Rose, Purple

Cobalt Blue Hue, Cerulean Blue Hue, Ultramarine Hue, Turquoise Blue, Prussian Blue, Indigo

Permanent Green Pale, Permanent Green, Viridian Hue, Permanent Green Deep, Sap Green, Olive Green

Yellow Ochre,  Light Red, Burnt Umber, Sepia, Payne's Gray, Ivory Black"
"The water brush is very cool, I like how the nylon was very soft and very flexible to use. However, it's kind of hard to contol the water flow. It should be since it's my first day using it, and sometimes I grip on it a little too hard unconsciously. Practice can fix it but I wish there wasn't too much water coming out.. over all, practice and getting used to it is the key!"
Excellent price and excellent quality.
Nice colors and easy to get started painting with.
"Lovely watercolor box.  Great working at home and outside.  I previously had the 12-color version but got this one when it was time for a new one.  The additional 12 colors included are GREAT.

Only negative is I don't like the waterbrush included.  I use pentel waterbrushes or water and regular brushes instead"
Product is just fine but you should tell people there is a reverse thread on the pen. Meaning you turn it the left to tighten instead of right. I almost returned it thinking it was defective but it just needed to be turned opposite of what is typical for most items that fit together in this manner. :)
"I'm giving these only a 3 simply because they are so chalky and pale compared to the cotman set. I did some color mixing and compared this set to cotman and there is no comparison in the richness of the pigments. I painted out a color chart for the cotmans as well and the only advantage I see for the Koi is that is contains a purple and you have to mix it on the smallest cotman set. Purples and nice greens are harder to mix in these student sets so it may be better to have one already in your palette - but I would suggest the larger Cotman set with 16 colors. It's a little more expensive, but the colors are much, much better. Neither compare to mixing my Daniel Smith colors, but for their price range that's not a fair comparison! If, however, you want to invest in higher quality paints, I highly recommend DS - very clear, rich colors even when mixed."
So pretty love the compactness and colors.
"The paint colors are brilliant!  Love the compact size, but I can't seem to get the hang of the water brush."
works great.
"The water brush and colors are all absolutely wonderful to work with, and this is coming from a first-time painter! The palette tray was great for mixing. Lots of fun!"
"Beautiful vibtant colors that are pretty opaque. Not the best water pen I've used,  but not bad.  I'm thrilled with this pallet."
"I'm just starting out so what do I know, but dang these colors look good to me.  Bright, seem to mix well.  Again, take my review with a grain of salt if you're already a pro, but then if you're already a pro, why are you buying cheap paint?
Brush works great. I did a whole painting with only this brush; water seemed to last a while.
I would prefer if the lid would lay completely flat.  That's my only complaint; it doesn't open all the way flat."
"Easy, portable, i just throw it in my purse and go!"
East to use for beginners
"I love this set! It's compact and has an array of colors. It's easy to mix the existing colors to fulfill any color need. Cleanup is easy - just wipe with a damp towel or baby wipe. The brush stores inside the set, making everything in one package."
This watercolor set is absolutely amazing and it seems to have a lasted a very long time. I've had it for about two years now and all of the colors are still useable! Absolutely gorgeous rich colors and shades. I think for the next one I buy I'm gonna get the palette with more colors!
"I like the case & the water paint brush, it is convenient to be able to carry the water in the paint brush handle. The colors are nice & the paint is good quality."
"Great color. Amazed a friend....Now it's her set.
I'll order another."
"I originally bought this as a gift for my husband, who wanted to have a travel-sized kit but it spends most of its time on my worktable now. I love this for all my creative needs: scrapbooking, art journaling, grown up coloring books, and cards. I suggest getting this kit if you do not already have a water brush. The water brush that's included in the kit is great for beginners and does a great job of holding up project after project."
It paints well on any watercolor pad.
Solubiliy is highly great for taking on the go or just at home. Tones are so vibrant
Compact watercolors to take anywhere.  I bought one for my 19 year old grandson and he likes it also.
Nice vibrant colors and awesome size for going out.
Loved it!!
"wide range of colors, portable"
"I LOVE this kit! I also bought  Pentel Arts Aquash Water Brush Assorted Tips, Pack of 3 so I could paint while I'm ""on the road"" and during the long flights to and from work. I'm a flight attendant and together, these two items are letting me keep up with my art. Makes me very happy!"
"This set has been keeping me busy! I can paint at 4 am before a shift at work, throw it in my bag, go to a park and paint, or chill at home at my desk, I love the waterbrush so much, I went out and bought the other sizes. I enjoy working with this, and in turn I think it has actually made me a better painter!"
Came in perfect condition!!! Works wonderful and is great for the price! Definitely  will be buying again
Much smaller  than I expected.
Can't say enough about this travel kit!
Really enjoy this set. It is great for travel!
I got the deal that u get it for 15 dollars and it was the best price. This product is cute and mobile.
"A wonderful array of colours and neat packaging! The little tray that comes with it can be positioned in
3 awesome ways (left, right, down, and if you REALLY wanted to on the top). The tray has little pegs
that fit right into the holes on the corners. There's also a cool little thumb ring on the bottom of the
container that allows you to hold it like a palette. It comes with two sponges and a medium paint brush.

The plastic is very durable, portable, and pigments are great. The only thing I would caution is that the little cakes
could potentially fall out if knocked about too much or if it were turned upside down. But thanks to the little
tray that sits on top, it kinda helps keep everything in place. :)"
A little too watery.
LOVE LOVE LOVE these!  I use them to Bible Journal.  Love everything about them-will keep a set from this date forward! And the brush is amazing!  Hope to see them release even more colors!
"I works really well , I like it :D"
"More than love it!  Wonderful size and design.  It is a shame that they don't make color refills, although some reviewers say they refill it with the tube colors."
These water colors are so worth the money. Great for travel and home use. Fits well into a travel art kit. the colors are vibrant
It is somewhat dried out.
"Great pigments, great design for the tray! I love this set, makes it so much easier to take my work around the house and paint when I need to without having to uproot my whole setup."
Bought one for me and also a friend as a gift.  We both loved them.  Great vivid colors
"Love it, just can't find enough time to use it yet!"
"I love these watercolor cakes! I paint a lot of cartoon-y things, so the bright pigments of these paints are just what I need! Before these, I was painting with a lower grade watercolor which I still use sometimes (bc I have a lot of colors) for small details, but these paints have made all the difference."
"I love these! I have also tried Kuretake watercolors and they don't even compare to the great quality of Koi. Plus Koi watercolors stay together while the Kuretake ones are hardly portable and crumble and break when transported. These paintings were made with Koi paints by me, Emily Sweet. Instagram: @fauxbonichi"
"My favorite travel set and best brand for water brushes I have found. I keep buying them and giving them as gifts, I didn't appreciate water coloring near as much until I got this set. The brush really allows for great precision"
These watercolors are amaze! This set fits perfectly in my purse and is awesome to carry around for on the go paint sessions. So glad I bought them and the price is great.
"These are great! The pigment is wonderful, the colors are so vibrant and blendable! And they go in the travel kits well. I was expecting most of them to be the same as the travel kits, but honestly this gives more color options with them being some different. :)"
Really great kit for beginner!
"I like these Japanese water colors.  It all depends on what you need.  This is a small, lightweight, portable kit with a strange brush that holds water with a screw cap on top to keep it from leaking when not in use.  I usually use other brushes, but this one is good for a novelty item.  Call this your ""paint & go"" kit for when you want to set up your small canvas outdoors like Van Gogh and paint some sunflowers during the sunset."
I really love that the fact I can take my water colors to go. This cute little case that features a beautiful rainbow pallet of rich watercolors is perfect for that spare of the moment outing or adventure that you can sit down and paint what your heart desires. Perfect for any ages be used the mess is minimal. The brush carries the water in it so no messy cups to dump over. Easy to clean and fold up to head out to your next painting adventure.
very professional set of tubes. The colours are excellent and the material is easy to dilute and apply.
These work beautifully...the colors are brilliant and vivid! Great product for the price!
"Purchased this for my artistic better half. She loves the quality of this palette. The colors are bright, easy to work with and her art looks amazing. Would purchase again. You won't be disappointed."
Colors are awesome! Nice compact size.
Very nice kit. Everything you need in a tiny little container. Paint brush is really nice as well.
AMAZING.
Great for many uses
LOVE this pallet set! So much fun to use and the colors are beautiful.....can saturate into rich color or light wash watercolor. Great starter set for me and I don't think I'll need any bigger because I can mix colors and get what I want.:)
Love the intensity of the colors.
One satisfied customer
"I just love this little set for field work.  It can fit in a purse or small bag.  It is easy to open up and set up.  A second to move the mixing pan over and set up the pen and you're ready to paint.  The little sponges are so convenient when you are trying to balance a journal, a pencil, the brush, and a palette and you don't want to have to put everything down to look for something.  The colors are great for nature sketching, not garish or too bright--I think it's harder to mix the Cottman colors to get quick natural shades; I think it's easier to mix the pinks and greens with this set.  I tried to retouch a picture with Daniel Smith colors when I got home and was horrified by how strong they were in comparison.
  Also I knocked over my Cotman set in the field and lost a pan--never did find it. With this set, when you are done, you can turn the Koi mixing tray upside down and flick to drain it and not worry about toxic chemicals in the paint.  Also  there's no drip down into your paint pans that I had with Cotman.
  So, for nature painting in the field I love this! For other work at home where I have a table and a convenient work space I would go with the professional paints."
"Ordered it through Prime Now. Using it for painting and coloring books. Colors are very vibrant and translucent when thinned out with water. Wish the watercolor cakes were bigger but it would make the whole palette bigger and won't be a traveling palette, but overall it is definitely worth the price!"
The watercolors work as expected for the price.  They do not blend as well as the pricier ones.
Didnt come with the brush so I had to order a set of 3.
they are fun to use.  I'm still learning to watercolor.  I like them.
"This is a great little set.  The size is just right, the brush works really well, and the colors are vibrant.  There's a good assortment, however, I would have liked to have had a true red included.  And purple!  But that's easy enough to mix.  It's a strange choice to include white, but other than the color assortment, I think this is a really good set."
Do like the case but the water brush was defective.  Thankfully I had purchased more.
I like this brush. It works as described. It works very well for watercolor lettering.
This brush works as described. I enjoy using it.
Came without a paint brush tip so it was useless unless you went and bought another set of the paint pens (or used QA-Tips).
Excellent watercolor set.
"Beautiful colors, Am having fun with them even though I don't know what I'm doing!"
"Loved it, but the colors don't mix as well."
The colors are vibrant and perfect for mixing
would buy again and again. <3
"Received my set today, and really love the waterbrush. It's changed watercolor painting for me forever. The main body of the kit is nicely constructed, but the actual tray the chiclets of paint come in is rubbish. I much prefer the solid construction of my Windsor & Newton travel kit, even if it means having to carry the waterbrush separately.

The paints are glued to the rubbish tray, which is good for its purpose, but can be removed easily enough with a razor, and fit nicely in my W&N cases (I have 2 to accommodate all 24 colors).

UPDATE: I was disappointed to discover the paints in this set stain the waterbrush's synthetic fibers. My Windsor & Newton watercolors do not do this, so I at least know the problem is with the paints and not the brush. -1 star for the paint quality, and another for the cheap material of the tray itself. Not going to buy Koi watercolors again, but definitely going to continue using waterbrushes. A shame because I loved the colors this set includes."
smaller than I thought.
Excellent paints. These work well with the water brushes for a kit that can be used anywhere.
Colors are very vibrant and pigmented.
"The best buy ever! Makes it so much easier, love it!"
This is a very handy compact portable Watercolor set. It is of good quality paints. I just drop it in my bag and go. I love it.
Best watercolors ever!! Love them!!! Thanks!
"I like, great."
"I'd tried other tank-type water color brushes and was disappointed with how much water they leaked even when working wet-on-wet. Wound up using them as regular brushes, without filling the tank.
This brush, however, has the properties I was seeking: the brush staying wet but not too wet, the seal actually sealing so the tank doesn't abruptly empty on my composition, and nice bristles that retain flexibility as well as shape.
A great addition to my watercolor box!"
"I'm relatively new to watercolor pencils but after using them I found that a water brush is an instrumental tool to have.  I have the medium size brush and I love it, I can use it for detailed work on an illustration or for broad stroke work on larger areas. Some water brushes (I have one from another manufacturer that I don't use anymore) have a hard time controlling the flow of water onto your paper but the Sakura brush seems to be much easier in controlling the flow."
These have changed the way I paint and write. Using a paint brush to write words can feel so awkward. These feel and function in your hand like a marker but do the job of a paintbrush. Genius invention .
"this set is so tiny. Each block is small and you have to use a small brush so the colors don't run on each other. I got this set for my husband he seems to like it, but there is nothing that tells you what colors they are. I should have gotten another set instead of this one. But he is using it to practice, so its not going to waste."
"good colors, great value, compact assortment.  there are better watercolors on the market, but no better sketching sets for beginners.  if you paint with these until they're gone, you'll know whether you want to spend more on artist grade colors"
Would  buy again.
Love this set! Potable with a great variety of colors. The pigments give a rich color and the whole set is a perfect size to toss in a bag and carry along!
"Love this water brush.  I have several, all different brands, and this one is the one I reach for first."
nitido
Love the colors.  Will get a set in tubes. Also makes a nice gift.
Beautiful colors and pigment.
"I like the paints, the case is nice, the brush is very nice too but I hate the flimsy plastic insert. I dropped mine when it was open and all the paints fell out. I put mine back together while the paints were a bit tacky and one stuck to the bottom of the paint tray and came out and I didn't realize where it was. I looked for it on the floor and out in the car for an hour.
I finally took the paints and put them in half pans and removed the shoddy little plastic piece. The half pans and the putty I used to tack them in with added to the cost off the set, but I like it better now. It was a good bit of trouble to go to though for a set that could be made with a sturdier insert and have been a pleasure from the start."
A little bit opaque for me ..
The overall quality of this product is amazing it's very well made and not cheap at all it is really easy to use and take on the go I have recommended it to many of my friends that use watercolor as a medium it's a must have the only thing I suggest is buying a couple more of the paint brushes.
Perfect small compact set of everything you need to do some watercolor sketches.
"good quality, a bit watery when you initially open though"
"Got a new favorite for travel paint sets. The set is high quality with rich smooth colors, tight fitting lid, and the waterbrush is perfect. There is more space to mix paints than my other set and it has a strap on the back that makes holding it while working very easy."
"Not as easy to write in calligraphy with as I imagined, but that is user error. Nothing wrong with this product. Very easy to use and would be fun for someone that knows how to paint with a thin paint brush. That's basically what it's like writing with it. Bristles are plastic I believe. Going to take some practice, but I like it."
"Great watercolors and it travel well.  Light weight, includes everything you need to paint."
"This is kit has changed the way I view watercolor for the better! No longer is watercolor this messy hassle that I have to prepare for with bags of paint tubes, an assortment of brushes, a drawing board, a cup of water, and etc.; I just fill my little waterpen, and my notebook and Koi field kit are all I need to bring.

Use this if you want the freedom to be more spontaneous with your watercolor! Completely worth it for the price."
"Excellent colors.  For beginner such as myself, this watercolor set is sufficient.  I paint 10 minutes first thing in the morning, before my coffee. I am having so much fun; the paint and brush made everything easy!"
"Excellent watercolors and the brush with the water well is awesome. Perfect for working outdoors, on a plane, even waiting on appointments. The colors are bright and blend well. Very happy with this product."
These are awesome!  Very vibrant colors and easy to use!
"My artist daughter LOVES this paint set.  It's her first set of KOI watercolors and she said they are exceptionally smooth.  I thought they were rather expensive compared to other portable watercolor sets, but she loves them, so I guess we'll be buying more of them in the future.  Great product!"
Great for traveling it's just small
"I love this product, I've just started playing with watercolors with my calligraphy and this is a great palette. I like all the colors and its a great size for travel."
"So disappointed. Poorly pigmented. It's ok for those who just want to make crafts and doodle, but not for serious artists."
"(included art done with this set! some stuff ordered from when i first got it (2013) to now (2016))

I was really interested in a pan watercolor set and something convenient to lug around places when I bought this. One of my favorite artists at the time had one of these so I decided I'd try watercolors out! I haven't regretted the decision. :)

I really love this set! I've had this for about three years now and I use it for almost all of my watercolor pieces. It's been with me my entire watercolor art journey. It has lasted a pretty long time (that or I don't watercolor as much as I should), and I've only hit the bottom on a few colors. The packaging is great and I'll keep it long after I run out of its original pants (I'll probably order some tube watercolors to fill up the empty squares). The provided palette is wonderful! I sometimes end up using the back of the palette/the lid of the container for additional space, usually because I get lazy about cleaning it, but that's great too!

The brush pen is pretty good for on the go, but I usually use my own brushes for detail work/more ""serious"" pieces. I also kinda messed up the brush when I went to go clean it this one time and it leaks too much water for me to do anything but washes now. I've been meaning to order another one, but I just haven't gotten around to doing it.

Color/pigmentation wise, I'll have to update this review when I try more watercolor brands. I only have experience with this so I can't compare it to anything else. Though I can speculate that it's might not be the BEST quality compared to other higher end brands just because it's a watercolor set and probably has it's fair amount of filler in some of the colors. The art supplies don't make the artist though because I've made pretty decent stuff with this and I've seen amazing artist make great work with this too.

I can't recommend this enough! It's amazing for beginners/advanced artists/whoever because it's super convenient and has plenty of color choices! Though if anything, if you're a beginner, you might not need all 24 colors. They sell a smaller set with 12 colors which might be ideal if you're starting out so you don't get overwhelmed with color choices and mix muddy colors (something I did a lot of lol)."
"Really good quality, didn't like the waterbrush much so I just threw my pentel one in there, blend nice, good for quick sketches or full paintings"
"very nice set, haven't used the water brush, just regular brushes with it.  nice variety of colors"
"t was okay, but the colors kept coming out o the boxes. Other than that, it was great!!"
"Small, can easily be put into a pocket, good color choice, simply fun using them."
"I have purchased these Sakura watercolors before and adore them! They are vibrant watercolors and lay down so nicely on watercolor paper. I do a lot of artwork outdoors, when I am waiting in offices, or just sitting in front of the TV. Since this set is so portable, it fits all my needs. It comes with a brush that you just fill with water and off you go. The only thing you need other than this set is paper and a pencil. This watercolor set is excellent for beginners as well as seasoned artists. I highly recommend these beautiful colors. You won't be disappointed."
"This brush worked really well for me! I found it easy to use and really affordable. The process of filling the pen with water was a bit strange, but overall, it really worked! It's also a nice size for beginners like myself. Big thumbs up for me!!"
"This kit is so handy for artists on the go. My only complaint, is the water brush that it comes with, isn't really versatile for artists used to amazing brushes. Its perfect for a beginner, or a pro with their own brush. The colors are very vibrant and apply well to the paper. I am very satisfied with this product."
This pallet is awesome. Colors blend well and easily. The sponges on either side are a great touch for brush cleaning.
Perfect!  I love these little watercolors!
I bought this as a palette to refill with better quality paints. The paints are in a flimsy plastic holder--I would have liked it better if it was made out of the same sturdy plastic as the rest of the palette.
colors are great - student quality I feel certain
Tiny tank
Much smaller in comparison to others.
"The Watercolour set is great!
I'm only a beginner at watercolours, but I reckon this set was awesome for amateurs and even professionals
It was smaller than I thought it would turn out to be since I didn't check out the size measurements, but the field sketch is so compact and handy for any place at any time. I'm not a massive fan of the waterbrush that it comes with though, I prefer my Pentel Aquash one, but it's still good to use. When you squeeze the waterbrush, a lot of drops seem to come out.
The colours that it comes with are so vibrant and beautiful. After you use a colour, I was quite surprised that the colour pan dried so quickly, which was a good thing of course when you're on the move.
This is a field watercolour sketch set, so it is quite small, but very compact and efficient with basically everything you'll need to start your masterpiece. Also wonderful for the stay at home painter too.

Overall, I loved this set. It is a must put on your wishlist~! ;)"
"I really love this set. The quality of the watercolors is quite high and I had no issues at all with saturation.  The case itself is really nice and I love that everything - palate, brush, sponge are all in one compact case with a thumbhole on the bottom for stability if you are holding it while painting.  I would consider myself an intermediate watercolorist and I have no complaints about the quality of this item."
"Very strong pigments for a travel set, and a wide variety too. I take this everywhere, and use it on most of my watercolor paintings. However, the brush has to come apart in order to fit in the case. If you want to take water from home, you'll have to find somewhere else to put it. I usually put it in another part of my backpack, but it is a little inconvenient. Nothing too bad, though."
Nice
Exactly what I wanted for travel!
I purchased this watercolor set for my teenage daughter for Christmas.  She loves everything art related and recently started bible journaling. These looked like a great starter set for her to learn watercolors on.  The set is very nice and the colors are beautiful.  I have read nothing but great reviews on these so I am looking forward to seeing what projects my daughter is able to create with these!  I would recommend these to all young artists!
"I am a hobbyist artist absolutely dependent on water soluble supplies as a medium, and I have something of an addiction to finding the best quality sort of supplies for what I do. I have run the gamut of supplies, from the cheapest 4$ water color pans, to Derwent Inktense pencils, to Winsor & Newton's professional line of tube paints, and I have to say that even with all these part of my arsenal, Koi is still my favorite and absolutely crucial in my day to day work. The colors are more vibrant than student-grade water color has any business being. I have a set of pans filled with Winsor & Newton professional water colors that I use in conjunction with Koi and I can hardly perceive the quality difference when I am working. (Though do bear in mind that much of my work is on a smaller scale. Larger scale projects, unfortunately, I don't have much to comment on, especially in respect to comparing professional and Sakura's arguably student quality field set.) I would, however, suggest these water colors more than any other starter water color out on the market today

It is also amusing to note that if you actually like water color half-pans, specifically Winsor & Newton Cotman or Professional half-pan, you will find that a set of 12 can fit rather snuggly in the compartment where the water brush is stored. It certainly is quite helpful if you're looking to expand your palette from 24 to 35."
These are exceptional quality watercolors. Highly pigmented and concentrated. Just a dab goes a long way.
Works just as described! Great addition to water color pencils!!
"It's simply easy to use, convenient and handy! Enjoying this product very much! No complaints about the brush that comes with it :)"
Great.
"Extacly what my art teacher asked for and I can see why. The brush is amazing. I wish the handle had been thinner and longer instead, because my long finers can make it annoying to hold during careful projects, but on the whole I love this brush."
These are so perfect for being creative away from home!
"No complaints, awesome travel accessory. Stashed this baby in my purse quite a number of times like a bandit on the run with no leaking and great color payoff."
"Wonderful colors! The only reason why I give this 4 stars is because of the brush. It's difficult to control the water on the brush and hard to use in general. The colors are beautiful, though. The case is the perfect size to take around wherever!"
"These are some amazing watercolors especially for the price, they may be a little difficult if you're working with a giant piece, no complains here so far."
Perfect size for travel.
I got this awhile back because I needed something small to take along with me and I liked the design of this box.  I was pleased to find that the box was just what I expected and I love the way it is set up; perfect for me!  I had not entertained much hope for the paint (I like the tube paints) but I was further surprised to find that the paint is great too!  The colors go on vibrant and smooth.  This is everything even a professional would need for portable practicing.  Highly recommended.
"Good

EDIT: 2/19/17: So I took a watercolor class and learned that, apparently, this paint does not work well with wet on wet. It's very chalky and it's just a mess. I don't think I'll buy this again."
Awesome
I like it!!
This is my favorite travel watercolor set.  Excellent quality.  Great price.
"This is well-designed, a very nice little travel set.  The colors are bright, BUT most seem pretty opaque.  I was hoping for more transparency."
"I just received my Koi Watercolor Sketchbox, and I must say, I'm impressed!  I can see, now, why all of the hundreds of positive reviews of this product on Amazon.  The layout of this set just works.  The sketchbox is made of very high quality ABS plastic and feels solid in the hands.  I think that it will hold up, under normal use, for years to come, and even when the paint pans are depleted, I will use the sketchbox as a travel palette for plein aire painting.  I plan to refill the depleted pans with Holbein tube watercolors once I've used them up; which should be a while, as the pigment is very rich in the colors I've used.  I like the included water pen for serving water to my mixing tray or to the paper, but it would also work fine for sketching out your composition before bringing in your nice round brushes to lay down your different colors.  I am so excited about this well-thought-out set.  Thanks Sakura for bringing such an amazing artist suppy to market!  A+++"
"Really cool. It's durable, lightweight and very functional. It has everything you need, paint, paint brush, palette area and sponges. The colors are vibrant. I really like this set. I hope once I finish the paints that I can use it with other paints."
"Fantastic set of paints, I added it to the sketch bag I keep in my car. The waterbrush is great too.  Love how you can cap it off."
"This is a high-quality product. The pigment is incredibly rich, way better than I expected, and the colors are vibrant. It is possible to combine watercolor with Sakura Micron pens because the pens are waterproof. These watercolors are not chalky, so the pens will work well after the paint is dry. I also tried using white GellyRoll pen, and I am very happy with the results.

The brush is something I still have to get used to, but I must say it is a very clever product."
"Works exactly has its intended.... super easy to use, no leaks.... Love this for my water colors!"
Just what my 13 year old wanted!
"Fun, convenient addition to my travel art set."
"Fun, convenient addition to my travel art set."
Bought as a gift
"I COULDNT DREAM UP A BETTER MINI WATERCOLOR SET IF I TRIED. THIS IS EVERYTHING I WANT IN A WATERCOLOR PALLETE. VIBRANT COLORS, GOOD SURFACE FOR MIXING, AND COMPACT. The brush hairs are plastic and I would rather use the authentic water brush that is sold separately by the real company. I also like the white watercolor option in this set. It's more opaque than I thought it would be. Not totally opaque like acrylic white paint, but gets the job done."
"Wonderful gift, my friend has wanted one."
Bought as a gift for an artist friend who travels. She reports it is high quality.
Eeek this is just great!!! Super nice kit
I had a set of the koi watercolor tubes I bought during college (over 8 years ago!) but they all dried up inside the tube and it was hard trying to find watercolor with bold pigments. I never knew they had a travel case and so happy I found it. I like everything minus the brush that comes with it. I think I just need to figure out how to use the brush. I wish i discovered this before i went on a vacation to mexico so the plane ride wouldn't be so bad.
"This is a decent portable water color set, but IMHO too expensive for what you get."
I bought this as a gift for my dad who is experimenting in the arts. I liked that is was compact and he could bring it with him hiking/biking/skiing/camping etc.
Not as big as I thought but it's good for travel size and it looks amazing
"I am very pleased how this watercolor set is, the colors are very vibrant. I haven't really played with the colors a lot but from what I saw as I was playing with the colors on a short amount of time  I would definitely recommend this set to others to have an play with. My art teacher saw that I had this set and told me that she was very pleased with it, she loved the colors and just loves koi! So another good point of view of why anyone should have this set and be very pleased as well.  "
"Didn't purchase this from Amazon but from my local craft store. The handle is totally stuck and I can't refill the basin to add more water. It wasn't EXACTLY what I was looking for to begin with, but I've found other helpful uses for it. Not anymore. I've used the water that is in it and now am unable to remove the pieces to refill. I have seen other reviews stating this as a problem, so I know I'm not just going about it wrong. Wouldn't recommend this brush."
These pigments are absolutely amazing. They blend beautifully and if you want the light water color effect they are a great go to. If you need more pop they can also provide that. For $23 this is the funnest little art field kit. Paint anywhere. Relax and paint post cards without the mess or lack of rich quality.
Love the saturation of the colors. This is a nice set for travel. I even like the water brush.
"I love this little travel box!  Great for non-professionals who are looking for a step up in color intensity.

The only thing I would change would be to add some sort of latching mechanism so the box doesn't open accidentally."
This was a great value for the price. I use this more than my winsor newton set which was more expensive and came with less colors. Plus the water brush alone is a great bonus. I take this with me everywhere.
"The brush is not satisfactory, it is hard to fill and use."
"Bought this on lightning deal for like $17 before Christmas as a possible gift. Ended up keeping it for myself and teach myself to paint with water colors. Used it once so far. The colors are great - vibrant. Good selection with a convenient tray that allows you to mix colors as needed.

Love the water brush. So easy to use. For me it seemed like a great starter set."
OK
"You can't lose with Sakura water color brushes. They are well made, and last for a really long time. I'm a bit of a horder when it comes to brushes, but I have some that I've had for over ten years and they are still like new! I bought this one for a friend who is new to watercolor as I knew it would be a long-lasting quality brush for her."
A+ very nice
This is the second set of these I've bought for artists in the family. It's a nice quality set for the price and has resulted in some great artwork on the go on vacations.
"Perfect set for traveling or if you are an occasional painter and don't want to invest in an expensive, large set! Definitely recommend!!!"
Love these paints.
I love this set!
Nice product!  Bought it as a gift!
Great gift set for someone that loves water-coloring. Comes with a brush and paints to use all in a convenient traveling case.
"no, poorly made.  If you are a seriously painter, this is not the pen for you."
Love it.
"I love how compact this kit is. It's small enough to fit in your purse, yet you have everything you  need right inside. Its super easy to take outside, enjoy the weather, and just paint. I am very new to water color so its been nice to practice with something inexpensive to see how much I like it. The brush is super easy to use and it's easy to clean. Five stars!"
"This is my second kit and I love it.  My son actually gave this second one to a classmate in fifth grade, an avid art fan (who is very talented, too) for her birthday.  She thought this was the best present she got.  It has everything you need (except the paper or canvas to paint on).  Colors are great, the brush is really nice...I actually purchased an additional brush after painting with this one for the first time.  It's just a fun, high quality kit."
"Gave this to my kid, she liked it, used it all up and moved on.  I like the painting she did, vibrant colors."
"I love this! This little kit is one of my favorite things. The paint is wonderful and I like working with it. So vibrant and very good quality. The kit itself is well made and compact but has everything you need. Even a little thumb loop on the bottom! I use the kit for crafting and small paintings, I never take it ""out in the field"", and I've never used the water brush it came with. But, I would/will definitely purchase this again when my runs out (if it runs out, these paints just seem to last forever)."
"This is a really nice set - a very useful format with thumb-ring on the bottom.  It's nice they included a waterbrush, but I have to say I prefer my Ziggy waterbrushes.  I got this for use at home, but for a field kit....Kudos!  I'm really glad I bought it - all good quality.  I'm thinking the sponges are for drawing old paint out of the waterbrush as you squeeze the water chamber."
"So the paints themselves are wonderful. They're strongly pigmented and they blend beautifully. The water brush, however, is absolutely terrible. The bristles are an awful plastic that doesnt hold the brush shape at all. They pull and shift and make the painting process awkward and clumsy."
"The colors are very bright, and stay vivid even when using a lot of water. They kind of have an ink like quality, which works really well for what I wanted them for. The watercolor pen is also really great for calligraphy."
The paints aren't water soluble. They melt to a chunky consistency. Difficult to paint with and its hard to chose your color because they are so close tOgether.
"Very happy with this purchase. It's compact, colors are good quality, and the waterbrush worked very well! I've shyed away from painting in the past, but the convenience of this set and the brush have made cleanup easy."
Purchased for teenager shes exploring into her art world... She loves it.
I bought this for my daughter for a Christmas present and she loved it.  Her remarks were that the colors were well pigmented.  She had use some other brands of water color and they were not as true to color as she would have liked.  She also remarked that she liked the pallet that came with it.  The brush was just ok.  This whole set folds up and can travel very easily. The case is well made and is not flimsy plastic.  I found it to be a good value for the money and it was shipped very fast.  My daughter had looked at other sellers of this and like products and they were going to take 3-4 weeks to arrive.  With prime it took just days.
"This set is worth every penny and then some. The incredible functionality can't be beaten and the 24 colors, even in this small package, make you feel you have everything you need (except for a second brown). The two sponges feel delicate, but should last for a while if you're not rough with them. There's also a ring on the bottom of the box so you can hold the entire thing like a traditional palette. Everything has a distinct use and purpose, and no item seems like a waste.

Pros:
-The inclusion of the waterbrush is pure genius--no mess or worries, and it saves SO much water since you only need a few drops to clean it. A black stopper for the brush is included so you can fill it up beforehand.
-Other than paper, this comes with EVERYTHING you need to do watercolor. No need to spend extra time getting paint water or a cloth for water.
-Doesn't skimp on color! 24 vivid, easy-blending colors offer tons of variety.
-Small 4x6-inch size.

Cons:
-The box does not close securely and may open when inside a bag. Consider a rubber band.
-Only one waterbrush size included, which doesn't give a lot of variety.

Other very small cons: There's only one shade I'd call a true brown, which surprised me. Also, if there's such a thing as a permanent watercolor that won't wash off, it's the green located under the dark blue on the right side. My palette and waterbrush are now stained, but after an initial wash, the pigment doesn't spread and stain other things.

My rating for this set is 4.75/5 stars. I really wish this set came with all three waterbrush sizes, but overall I really couldn't be happier. I'm currently planning to purchase the small and large waterbrushes, and in the meantime I'm continuing to love this set more every minute."
"Love it! Doesn't shed, holds water well, and washes off easily. :D"
Thank you!
"What a great little brush. I purchased one several months ago for my own use, this one was a gift for my mom."
very happy
ok
Granddaughter loves it! She's an aspiring artist and wanted to try watercolors. This was a Lightning Deal and everyone raved about it in the reviews so I grabbed it for her. She's very excited and can't wait to try it out!
Great little travel set.
"Weell.. This watercolor set is decent compared to my Winsor & Newton Cotman Compact watercolors. The paints are pigmented.. a little hard to blend with but not too shabby for a beginner. The only big problem I have with this set is the brush, it is pretty s***ty to me. The bristles stay intact but you can move them in and out of the holder. I found it harder to clean my brush so I stopped using it and used my Pentel Aquash Brush. Worked better than this one."
"I am a freelance artist and studied Media Arts/Animation in college. I can't stop drawing, so I need to bring art supplies with me wherever I go. This is the perfect travel watercolor set! The pigment quality of the colors are great and the self-rewetting brush technology makes the process of painting hassle free.

PROS:
- Color selection: There are several base colors to work with, but you can also mix as you see fit to match the hue that you're looking for
- Blending Tray: If you're fan of mixing colors before putting it on to the page, then you will have the opportunity to use the 5 compartments. If you're running out of space, you can also use the back of the cover of the box which I often do when I run out of room.
- Easy refill: With just a twist of the cap you can refill the brush with water to start painting. It's painless, quick and easy to use.
- Brush: The brush is similar to Japanese sumi brushes, so you can get into really detailed strokes or angle it to have broader ones.
- Case: The case fits all the colors, blending trays and the paint brush. It also comes with 2 sponges to dab at your page if you lay down too much water. The size and lightness of the case makes it really easy to bring this around wherever you get the urge to sit down and paint.

CONS:
- Palette spacing: With such a tiny case, the paint palette colors are very close together. I like more breathing room in between to make sure they don't unnecessarily mix. It's very easy to accidentally squeeze too much water out and have the colors blend. This can be easily avoided though, but thought I could still give fair warning to potential buyers.
- Shallow Pallet: While it takes a while to use up a full color, but if you plan to use this to the fullest, it does happen which will leave you with empty slots. There aren't any color refills for this unless you go for a different brand.

Over all this is something I'd recommend regardless of the cons. It can be for a budding new artist or a veteran. They also offer the brush in different sizes if you look on Amzon, but the one that comes in the set is the Medium tip."
Purchased as a gift and the recipient loved it! Watercolor painting isn't always an easy to transport hobby but this will make painting on the go much easier.
"i love this palette so much, the paints are nice quality and the little water holding brush is amazing (i never used one before and its great) arrived on time"
"Beautiful colors, easy to use- portable- Lots of fun!"
"Great brush but much smaller than brush that came with my kio watercolor set. That being said, this tiny brush does fit well in my travel sketch bag"
"Good set of colors and wonderful pigments. Love the mixing tray palette, the ring on the bottom and the brush. It's very portable and everything fits inside the case. It goes on smoothly."
Very nice product. Larger than I pictured.
"As an arid I love this product. So much fun and perfect for traveling, students, small spaces. I ordered more!"
"I bought these for my 8-year-old son.  He loves to paint, and these professional paints are beautiful, and easy to store."
"awesome! perfect size for small hands, as well. brush is pretty versatile, too."
"I never knew something like this existed but I am so glad I found it. Amazon recommended it to me based on my searches. I brought it immedietly.

It's just the perfect size and has all the necessities. I can tuck this away safely in my purse or bookbag and pull it out whenever inspiration strikes.
The case is very durable. I dropped it a few times to see if the case would remain closed and it did!
The watercolor brush is also very nifty! I love how much control I have. It's easy to refill and very simple to use. There's also no need for constant refilling. Working on two 8x8 papers, which took me a few hours to complete, I only had to refill once.
I am very satisfied with this product!"
"It came very quick, the box was packed carefully, none of the color pallets were destroyed or messy. The water color brush is very nice, I honestly think it's worth the price. Very very good. :))))"
Had  this on my  wish list  for  a  couple  years  they  had a lighting  sale on it  so I finally  bought it  great  set  you  get the  cool  waterbrush  sponges  the  colors  all look  very vibrant
"very nice quality water colors, the only brand I use."
I'm just beginning to dabble in watercolors so I wanted a set I could take with me at an affordable price point. This hit the spot perfectly! You get 24 nice colors with a brush that easily gets the paint wet enough to nicely transfer the colors to paper. It also includes a tray for blending. Perhaps the touch I like the most is the little ring that pops out under the tray so you can hold the watercolors in one hand. It makes me feel like a true artiste!
I love the water pen this comes with so much neater than the traditional sets. Nice space on trays included to mix colors. Would be more enjoyable if.there were more colors but this is just a travel size. The colors are vibrant and dry nicely. I used these in my adult coloring book!
It came pretty quickly and it works just as it was described. I definitely would buy this again!!
This was really nifty. It was a Christmas gift and she loved it. It can fit in her purse and the water color brush is handy. I definitely recommend this for painters on the go!
A+++
A+++
"Love this set. I'm a beginner who bought this as a gift to me from my SO for Christmas :-) saw it on lightning deal and couldn't resist. What a great, little, convenient package. And the brush is ingenious! Colors are bright and easy to mix for use in a variety of techniques. Would definitely recommend."
"Came across this product as a Lightening Deal before Christmas and purchased on a whim for my daughter. She absolutely LOVES it beyond words and has already told me that I need to look into purchasing another set for her. She loves:
(1) the simplicity of being able to use the brush/sponge with water in the nozzle
(2) the variety of colors included
(3) the board provided for mixing colors to the exact shade needed

I did purchase an additional set of waterbrushes in order to ensure she had more sizes available. I am very pleased to say this was an excellent spur of the moment buy and highly recommend purchasing for the artist in your life."
Great
Loved this watercolor set.  In love with the colors. This set really helps in making a beautiful picture. Easy to take with you when you travel a lot. High quality.
Great for beginners!
Daughter loves this set of watercolors.  She has been sketching and painting since she got them.
Good product.  Good service. Smaller than expected.
"I gave this as a christmas gift and recipient really liked it!
The watercolor palette has pretty and dynamic colors. The quality of the water brush is great."
very good
"Brush works great, only downside is I have big hands and the water part of the brush is small. I just screwed the head into a larger brush I had bought that came in the koi travel pallet."
"All the bad reviews about the brush wern't true, the top does screw on, the threads are reversed, apparently it was too difficult for some people. Mine works great and does not leak. As for the reviews about the pigment being grainy, it's because it's not tube pigment. All my experience with water colors all pigment that isn't in a tube is grainy. Once I played around with it I actually really liked it.

The reason for 4 stars instead of 5 is minor things. You have to dismantle the brush to put it in the case, there's no room for a second brush, although I was able to fit the other waterbrush head in the case with the one that came with it."
"Good quality, but does have less violet or purple colores."
My daughter gave me this as a gift this Christmas.  Because I'm the primary caregiver to her 5 month old twin girls when she's working she knew how difficult it was for me to be out of my studio for long stretches of time. I was hesitant at first because of the size of the pans but it only took me three seconds to fall in love with this set.  The colors are of superior quality and beautifully transparent.  I use my regular brushes with it because I do very little in the way of watercolor sketches. I did fill and test out the included brush and can see that it would be super handy for field work.  For myself it's a way for me to watch the babies but keep a small but creative footprint.
this is my favourite watercolour palette. it is a great investment for people who love watercolours or are looking to experiment with it. its very pigmented. the brush's bristles keep falling out but i think its because i ruined it ( idont remember) but i have another water brush anyway. it is good on the go and the palette was good when i had it (lost it lol). i've had this for almost 4 years and have not hit pan with any of the colours. they are long lasting and a little goes a long way for small cakes of pigment. i love it
"For the price, this is a great set. The only ""downside"" is the paints being so close together. I guess that's to be expected with so many colors in a travel case. I love the removal pallet. The paints are vibrant and rich.
Edit* I made a coordinate chart to use as a reference while I paint."
The new art craze for water coloring! No brushes needed! The case that holds the watercolors is very sturdy and made very well. It doesn't feel like cheap plastic that will break due to overuse. The extra tray for mixing is such a wonderful addition. I've used other water color sets where they did not have a separate tray for mixing. Had to use the cover to mix and it would just get messy. Perfect for traveling. Easy and compact for kids.
"As a casual painter, these watercolors meet all my expectations and more. The pigment is just wonderful. They blend beautifully and they don't stain the paper as cheaper alternatives do. They lift well, and I highly recommend them.

The waterbrush is very nice as well. This was the first waterbrush I used, and I found it very easy to use. It has become one of my favorite brushes because of the ease of use and portability.

Overall this is a very nice set. It is a great bargain, but does not skimp on quality. It is very impressive for the price. I highly recommend picking this up. If you are still hesitant, I recommend watching YouTube reviews. That's what sold me, and I have absolutely no regrets."
"Great value for the money. My only negative comment is that picture makes it looks like it comes with little sketch book and it does not. Saying that, it does come with brush pen--big plus and nice set of paints. Perfect to carry. Well designed Japanese item made in China:)"
I wanted this for a while (mainly for the cool brush :P) and when I had the chance I did and I'm loving them. The colors are really good and I love that I don't have to keep dipping my prush I can just wipe it on a napkin. Cleaning is also easy \(-w-)/
So cute and practical for travel!!! Love the water barreled brush
Love these water colors! The brush is amazing too and holds its shape well. Happy with this purchase!
Fast delivery.  Pleased with everything!!!
"I absolutely love this set! The pigment in this watercolor set are bright and beautiful. The brush is very handy, especially when you want to paint on the go. If you are a beginner looking to get into watercoloring I highly suggest this product. You cannot go wrong with this set, especially at the price it is in."
"Excellent and very high quality paints.  I love the packaging, even down to the little loop on the bottom of the container to hold as your palette while painting.  I've wanted this set for a very long time and I was lucky enough to get it for one of my Christmas presents.  One of the best presents I'll ever receive.  I've never tried the top dollar watercolor paints but I have tried the Van Gogh, and they are good but the saturation of the Sakura is much better.  Such vivid and beautiful colors and that nifty packaging that this set comes in puts this over the top in my opinion.  I do believe this is a set that would suffice for the beginner artist right up to the Artiste of any caliber.  I love my set!"
"Out of all the water brushes available, this is my favorite. Easy to fill and cap is secure so it doesn't spill or evaporate when not in use. The bristles clean up nicely without staining as long as you clean when done. I just squeeze water out and use a clean paper towel. They work great for when I'm using my inktense blocks and pencils too!"
I purchased these as a gift - the performance is tbd- presentation and value were great.  Well made little kit.  Be sure to pick up small watercolor cards to go with it.
"Colors highly pigmented but my set came with 2 paynes grey and missing quinacridone rose. I have contacted Sakura, hope they can correct this otherwise I will return"
Vibrant colors. Loved the carry case. Flow of paint colors awesome
"I ordered this a couple of days ago as a Lightning Deal item. It arrived today, and it's fantastic  tiny but complete!"
"This gets classified under kids toys and artsfor some reason but it really shouldn't. It's pretty high quality, the paints are nice, and the overall set is good to have and carry around / portable. I've bought a couple of them because I was impressed by the quality of the item.  Very worth while buy."
"This product is genius. Got it on a lightning deal and am so glad I did! The watercolor pen is handy and exciting when you first try it. The colors are beautiful, varied, and show up well. I just got this today and am already in love!"
"I am absolutely in love with this. For years, I have always wanted one after seeing so many artists have it. Now, I know why they do. The overall design is simplistic and stays true to being travel friendly. It comes with a mixing pallete, a water brush, and two sponges on the side of your colors. Let me say that, these small characteristics are helping hands. Normally before, i would have my bulky watercolor pallete, along with a handful of napkins and a waterbottle. Now, everything is conventiently in one place. Also, the colors are very pigmented and beautiful. It doesn't leave this chalky look to it like most cheap watercolor do. Glide the waterbrush badboy over a few times and you got an opaque color."
Love love love these paints. And they got to me super fast
Very small.  Another size for my ever growing water brush collection.
nice
Bought this for a gift for an artist. She picked it out. Know she will love it.
My go-to watercolor! Love love love!
Love this its great for my new hobby. Keep in mind this is a cheap watercolor and can be pretty chalky. It has a nice set of colors along with a great quality waterbrush. The water brush comes with a stopper so no water will leak out when traveling. Over all its a nice compact set for beginners.
The watercolor brush that comes with this set is a wonderful tool and the watercolors blend perfectly as well.
"It's a good water color brush, so far.  I use the the pentel  squash and I like that one alot, but I thought i'd try this one and so far it's works well good water flow and point maintains shape."
"Very nice colors, wet instantly, nice and bright. Great travel set"
"Work pretty good, although I probably wouldn't know, because I've only done three water colors so far, other than in kindergarten. The colors are kind of close together, sometimes get an I water color on the brush."
Great shade.. each color is nice. this set comes with a thick and easy to use brush. perfect for different types of art.
These are very pigmented. Very good for the price
"It has a finger loop on the bottom, the 5-compartment tray can be placed at the 3, 6, or 9 o'clock position in order to accommodate lefties or righties. The pen has a cap. There are 2 long, soft sponges @ 3 & 9 o'clock so you can wipe your brush off. The lid acts as an easel for your paper. Japanese product. Made in China. I'll come back & update if the colors suck."
Beware!  I ordered two of these kits and the water brush was NOT included in either kit.  Very disappointed that this does not include what is promised.
"A definite must have in your arsenal of pocket/travel art supplies, as well as in general.
A good quality set for the beginning (as well as more advanced) water colorist that won't break the bank.

I have had my set for over a year and I still absolutely enjoy it for quick sketches. It comes with a water brush, a adjustable palette and two little sponges one the sides to dab off excess paint and can be replaced. Really great price for the quality you get, pigmented for pan paints. They are fairly translucent, but can be painted semi-opaquely with less water and working the paint in the pans. These are great for quick plein air paintings while traveling, hiking or chilling on a bus or train, you only need a bottle water to refill the pen and a cloth to clean the brush tip.

Although it has gotten less use after I got a different watercolor pan set, I still come back to this set for journal sketches and quick plein air studies."
I bought this same about a year ago from a local art store (for almost $10 more should've Ama-scanned first) well I use this like mad.  It's also been abused by children during art lessons.  It's held up so well.  I like the pentel brushes much better.  I've been making Christmas cards--using watercolor cards I get on Amazon too.  Allows me to paint anywhere when I have 5 minutes.  I don't find the color limiting and I have bought the Windsor travel kit too but it's nothing like this one.  The koi holds up better and the colors don't fall out.  I use a wet wipe to clean up the paints and trays on the road.  Fast and easy.  Great ideas for Christmas gifts too as kids love this.
Amazing set! Colors are nicely pigmented. Great for the price.
Still going strong almost three years in as a student! I plan on repurchasing when I run out.
"This is a charming and well-made set of watercolors. I adore how neatly-assembled the kit is; no need to lug around too many additional supplies, because the paint, brush, water, and palette are right there. The colors are rich and the case is perfectly compact for tucking in a bag and taking on-the-go."
Vivid koi pigments with excellent coverage. Love the assortment of colors!
I love these brushes. They are easy to use and can go with me any where.
NEEDED FOR ART CLASS.  THEY WORK GREAT FOR MY PURPOSES.  REASONABLY PRICED.
"The watercolour pans provide vibrant colours, however the lid does not snap shut.  I have to use an elastic to keep it shut when not in use."
i love this and now i use it all the time
"Great for the beginner watercolor artist, but definitely shouldn't be overlooked if you're experienced. It provides a solid number of colors in a portable case that can be taken anywhere, and is a great addition to any collection."
"Amazing, beautiful colors. Great kit for beginners or those on the go."
Very high quality and inexpensive set! Fell in love with water color ever since I got this kit. The brush is better than I though!
Good product.
Good practical product.
This is a fantastic travel kit! I can take it on the go and paint from anywhere. The brush pen is very well made!
I love it!
"i really love it, cheap and transportable"
"I purchased this set as a temporary set before getting professional paints The paint cakes here are very small (the size of a penny) and although they have high pigmentation, some colors are chalky. Lightfastness tests show that these paints alter significantly in light and are not suitable for more professional grade artwork that needs to be preserved. For a sketchbook, however, these are great and portable.

After using up the paints in here, I plan on ripping out the entire plastic assembly in the middle and filling the case with my own half-pans filled with more professional grade paints. The case is very convenient and the waterbrush included is essential for on the go painting. Overall, it's a great set to get started in watercolor, and the box is fantastic for when you want to upgrade."
This set is perfect for school when I have to do sketches! :3 its portible and shipped fast!
"These are great! I decided to try out watercolors on a whim, and went for these. I have nothing to compare them to as I have no experience with any other brand, but so far I really like them. The set is small, but has a lot of room to mix colors. I am very happy that I chose these to accompany me on my foray into art."
Lovely quality for the price. Really enjoy using it!
Good quality and easy to use. I take it with me everywhere.
Great for aspiring painters! the brush is just thick enough to make artistic curves. the shade of each color is also great.
Love this watercolor set a lot. It's great for beginners to save money and a pocket size to carry around.
"These are a good beginner set of paints, and have a nice selection of colors to start with. After use, I found the blue to be grainy, and was unable to perform any lifting techniques with this set."
I'm a beginner and this is great. I like the water brush and colors. It is great to keep in my purse or art container easily. Great for inspiration on the go!
Beautiful colors and excellent saturation of color.
Amazinggg I love it so much.
Great set for travel.
everything arrived as it was supposed to
Great size ... good pigment
"Rich colors, portability, effecient use of space, and the brilliant water-pen.  As a newbie to watercolors, these have been an absolute dream to use, and at this price, it simply can't be beat."
"Convenient, and good quality. Easy to use for beginners like me. But the colors are not that good-not transparent enough for me. Good enough for the price though."
"I purchased the Sakura Watercolor set for some art projects. I really like the brush and it is easy to use and refill, though the paints can run out fast  depending on who the painter is; that will not change my opinion in how it is a great paint set."
"Ohhhh I love these so much,they are smaller that I thought but still great"
This is another art product I love.  These watercolors are great and can stash this in your backpack or travel bag to use when you are keeping a travel journal.  Fun to add color to your sketches and these watercolors are great.  Great buy for the money and it lasts for a very long time and you can replace the colors individually as you use them up.
Awesome for trips!
"I've really been enjoying this kit! Plan to purchase some higher quality paints when I use this up, but that will probably be a while."
Nice set of water color paints!
"light weight,comfortable and easy to use.  HELPS MAKE PAINT ENJOYABLE."
I bought this for my bible journaling and I couldn't be happier!
Great vibrant colors
"Very nice paint. I am new to water coloring, and like this paint. Very bright pretty colors :)"
Awesome travel kit.
Love the rich colors of these paints!  Great variety of colors for a great deal.
"I tried it out and think it will be great to carry this in my bag and paint on the go. Waiting at the Dr.'s office, etc. I like the size and the portability."
"For less than $20, this watercolor set is a good deal for an intermediate painter.
The consistency of the paint is smooth, across the board and there is a nice variety of color.
Unlike other reviewers, I didn't have any problems with my waterbrush. The black plug screwed off without issue and I was able to fill the reservoir with water and screw the tip back on. My only complaint about the brush is that you have to squeeze the brush fairly hard to get the water flowing out of the tip.
The case has a removable palette. The inside cover and area in front of the paints can be used as a palette as well. There is also a small plastic loop that can be unfolded from the bottom of the paint dish for you to hook your fingers and hold the tray while you paint. There are 2 sponges on each side of the paints as well.
Overall I've been completely pleased and when it's time for me to restock my paint supplies, I intend to get another."
"CONVENIENT SET ALL THE COLORS I NEED.  PEN IS COMFORTABLE TO HOLD, CASE SITS  ON MY PILLOW FOR EASY ACCESS TO COLORS."
good quality and easy to carry!
Nice brush/water well that does great watercolor work.
"These are great for the price. Very creamy & vibrant- especially the warm colors. They seem to re-wet fine. They are not at the level of Winsor & Newton, Daniel Smith or Van Gogh, but I really enjoy working with them as a newbie. There are cheaper brands that are awfully chaulky. These are a great alternative if you're not ready to invest in professional grade, but still want to use quality watercolors."
"I love the set, but I had to drop a star because the water brush that came in the set was bent on the end.  Amazon was great about replacing it with another set!"
"Items arrived in good condition. I  also love the variety of colors available in this palette, the nifty water brush as well as the detachable mixing palette."
I have tried so many different watercolor pallets and this is BY FAR  my favorite.
What can you say - for the price and my use. Perfect!!  I'm an amateur painter - however my teacher is not and this is what he uses. Bought these by his recommendation and super happy with the purchase.
Bought these for my niece. She really like them and said this was a great set.
It was ok but much smaller than I expected.
Second order of these paints.  Wonderful small assortment for easy spur of the moment water colors.
"Water colors are fine, and at first glance the brush is cool. I put water in it and such and went to refill it, only to discover after 30 minuets of trying to get the damn thing off, that it had to holes, both caused by trying to open it. Very dissapointed with my purchase."
"WOW! I bought this because I couldn't find my other travel watercolor set. I LOVE these. LOVE them!!! The box is sturdy, contains everything I need, including a water brush, and the watercolors themselves are fabulous, with rich vibrant colors! I recently took these on a trip to Cancun and loved the resulting paintings!! Wonderful product"
"LOOOOVED these paints! I've been using regular cake paints and these are definitely better. The color is so much smoother, vibrant and glides on the paper! Highly recommended especially since it's so affordable for everything you're getting! The squares may be small but they're going to last me a reallyyyy long time! :)"
"The box is very compact, great for a sketcher like me who dosent like to carry big sketchbooks or colours. The colours are bright. The brush pen is convenient. I wanted to also try out a brush pen without buying a whole set. Very happy with the purchase.  The price was right too"
Great starter brush if you are new to water brushes.
Nice small kit but many of the pigments are disappointing. I prefer transparent watercolor and many of these are opaque and chalky looking. I know the transparent issue is subjective but what isn't is the way some of these colors mix. I took this to Italy and used it to sketch and paint wonderful produce that we found there. I was painting a beautiful pepper that had both red and green colors in it. When I created a wet-into-wet wash the colors mixed and instead of creating and interesting interpretation of the pepper as the paints I normally use would (mostly Daniel Smith a bit of Winsor Newton and Holbein) my pepper looked as if it had serious dermatology issues. I will use up the paint in the palette for figure drawing gestures and replace with the aforementioned paints from tubes.
great for beginners and experts on the go
"i love this thing. i take it everywhere. the brush is one of the nicest refillable watercolor brushes i've used, too."
"I bought this watercolor set because I wanted something smaller and more travel friendly. I'm not very experienced with watercolors, so I don't really have an opinion on the pigmentation of the paints. However, I there are a good amount of colors in this set.

The size and compactness of it is excellent. The watercolor brush that comes with the set was designed so that you just have to refill the brush with water, rather than having to worry about bringing a cup. It also fits inside the kit once disassembled, which makes it super convenient! One other thing is that it fits a palette for mixing colors. It can be attached to the kit (in multiple different ways) or it can be detached completely if you want to hold it or clean it.

I really like this, mainly for the size and compactness of it."
Good quality product
"the colors blend well and easy to mix, easy to use. comes with the sakura brush and sponges on two sides so you can wipe your brush there. also comes with the mixing palette."
"So far I really like these.  Good price and very easy to pack up for on-the-go painting.  I am a novice painter, but these were recommended by a professional painter on a Youtube tutorial."
"I take this set with me everywhere! It's a great general all-purpose set, and so conveniently packaged for travel. The colors are bright, I don't use the water pen too much, but the palette is removable and I use the lid to mix paints too. I've recommended this to several friends!"
Fast shipping.  Awesome take-along paint set!
Excelent product! Higly recommended!
I would have given it 5 stars but the brush broke the first time I used it.  Because of the high quality of Sakura products I am sure I just got a bad one. I am new to watercolor and this is a great way to be able to paint on the go.
"When I first purchased this and went to use it,  the color wasn't blending and it looked gritty. I decided to try again and it was fine. I think maybe it has a dry layer covering some of the cubes that you need to work off before it actually works well. Now I never leave home without it! Colors are vibrant and blend well. It's hard to do some techniques and the aqua brush was a little but of a learning curve but now I mostly use aqua brushes even at home.

Great Durable set to take on the go. I cycle a lot and carry it in a small messenger bag that gets knocked around. Its even great to use at home for quick sketches."
"Tip: take a small piece of cardstock that fits inside the case and create a reference chart for the colors. I have a feeling these will last me forever, since I don't do watercolor much, but this kit is perfect. I can mix colors in the tray, and the brush pen is ideal"
This is the best painting tool I have ever owned.  Revolutionized my art; empowered me to paint anywhere.  I have been using the same set for ten years and have yet to deplete my colors.  -Magevis
"My daughter is happy regarding our purchase . Fast service and luc the product , diff will over from this seller again . Thank you !"
"Ive used water colors before and i decided to go ahead and adventure in them again. When i found out Sakura had watercolors, I did not hesitate to buy them. They are very good quality and the kit it comes in is just by far pleasing! It is really a great little set!"
"Gorgeous colors, that blend perfectly!"
Very good water colors. Beautiful colors and very sharp colors. Easy to use and doesn't take very much paint.
I purchased this set as a gift and the recipent really likes it a lot.
"This is a nice set. I really like the portability. The water brush is really cool. The colors are decent, but I just think that cake watercolor is never going to be up to the standard that I desire. The set probably deserves 5 stars for what it is."
"Haven't used yet, but well made with all the necessary colors."
"I've wanted to own this watercolor set for a long time and I m so glad I was able to get it here for a really great price. At stores it's usually sold for $35-$40, but I got it for $17 and it's great! It was a little bit smaller than what I had imagined but it's actually really convenient for moving around. The colors are so bright and pigmented I immediately noticed the difference in other watercolors I've used. The mixing board is so useful for making colors and removing paint from the brush. Once I brush the color on with water it dries up really fast so it doesn't spill everywhere. I'd definitely recommend it for any artist that wants to get more serious in traditional coloring. You'll 100% be getting what you paid for."
This is a neat little assortment.  The colors are bright and happy!
nice
"Its so portable, I love painting on the go!"
I love these little brushes. They work very well and I can carry them with me. Very fast shipping. Thank you
Really well pigmented and very bright and opaque colors extremely happy with these paints
So good
"This little paint set is the perfect way to carry watercolors out into the world. because you never know when a painting will present itself.  it comes with a water brush which is handy when you're out and have forgotten a water bottle...and there is a nice little palate...but the best part is the paint...a nice variety of rich colors  The names of the colors are on the box it comes in, so I cut them out and taped them to the underside of the paint container."
"I liked this set so well, I had to order the next size larger so I'd have more paint color choices. This set doesn't have brown and I wasn't able to consistently create the brown I wanted by mixing colors."
This set is so convenient and takes up so much less space than my previous method of using acrylic paint (in 2 oz. bottles). I can sit on the porch or on the living room couch and paint.
Love it!  Does just what I want ... a small amount of paints for in my purse.
Love this set of watercolors.
"This works wonderful for when I am out and about. I also use it when I just want to play around in my art journal, but don't want to get all my supplies out. Cakes last long."
This a cheap pen and it is good for my purposes. So far it has not leaked and controls the water flow very well.
oh my goodness...the best travel or anywhere paints ever...loving them so much
"Its great i still have it,
the only downside i have with it is that each square is soo small and i really have to dig in there with my brush
to get at it. especially with a big paint brush.
Nice for travel size it's pretty neat it has a mixer dish which is pretty useless though because trying to mix the colors to the side
once you do you cant suck up that color you mixed into the brush its just a big glob of colored water."
"Fantastic paint. Love the wide ranging variety of colors in this wonderfully imaginative portable field set of Watercolors, a paint tray that detaches, and even includes the water brush. Remove the black plug, fill the tank with water, put the plug back on so there's no leakage and you're all set. A gentle squeeze of the tank until water moistens the small white brush end and voila' your watercolor creations can begin; no muss, no fuss. The small sponge containers on either side of the color palate are for wiping excess color from the brush so as not to contaminate the colors as you apply them to your work. (I always keep a wet wipe handy as well). A sectional palate is included as well. You simply cannot beat this well thought out little field kit for the price."
"The tip on this pen is much better (longer and sharper) than the kuratake brand version. I would go a step up and get the bigger reservoir if I had the choice, although for detail use, the water stays in this pen for a very long time. I did three or four drawings before I needed to refill it, using the water just for shading and filling in small areas on a 4x6 drawing. When I first got this pen I thought it was cheap and set it aside thinking I would never use it. Once I gave it a shot it became my favorite tool for blending and moving color around in my ink drawings."
I love these watercolors.
"I bought this set to carry around with me for plein air painting and urban sketching. The size, together with the overall convenience of the package, convinced me to buy. Having now had and used these paints intensively for several months, I feel qualified to offer a review. By way of comparison, I also have a Cotman travel set of 12 colors and zillions of tubes of paint, mostly for home use, some of which I've put dollops of in a travel palette.  First, in terms of value for money, the Koi kit is excellent. Compared to Cotman, it includes a waterbrush, two sponges, and has a more generous mixing surface, all big pluses. Moreover, the waterbrush is very decent quality. I picked up some low-end waterbrushes that came in a range of sizes from my local art store. The Koi brush runs circles around these in terms of snap, holding its shape, and being able to control water flow. The set offers lots of colors, just about everything you might need, another plus.

So why only four stars? When it comes to watercolor sets, it's all about the paint. Transparency is an important quality for watercolor. While this will vary with the materials with artist grade paints, for student grade, as this set is, most of the paints are tints or hues so consistent transparency should be more easily achieved. Except it is not here. The reds, in particular, suffer from a big problem in this regard. Having a transparent rose/crimson color on one's palette is pretty essential. The quin rose is okay, but the crimson in this set is lifeless and quite opaque unless diluted down a lot.

You don't need a zillion colors in a water color set, but you do need the right colors to mix what you want. Specifically, ultramarine blue and burnt sienna are the two essential colors on any palette. The blue is in evidence here but, inexplicably, burnt sienna is nowhere to be found. The closest is a color that is bizarrely labeled ""light red."" It is red all right, but hardly light. It's not burnt sienna either, more like an opaque Venetian Red. But, rather sadly, it is the best option.

The bottom line is that, despite the convenience and the larger number of colors, I find myself preferring the Cotman set to this. It has many fewer colors, again mostly tints and hues, but better colors, both in choice and in behavior."
"This is great for the price. There's a large variety of colors, and the waterbrush is super easy to use. I love how compact everything is! It does take a little practice to get used to using the waterbrush, but it's really worth it!"
I don't use yet . But looks so beautifully
We like this brush- were just surprised by the size of the barrel that holds the water. It is a shorter brush than a standard pen.
"Love the vivid colors, the two palettes and four places to put them while painting. Love the water brush, so easy to use, doesn't clog. Sakura 24 color pocket field sketch box has to have been made by a genius! Plus they have a great website, showing and explaining how to use all of the Sakura products. Thank you, Sakura!!"
"Really beautiful and amazing kit! The colors are great, and not too translucent. I love that it comes with a brush pen that has a stopper so you can keep water in it! That's amazing, first time I've seen that actually. I already love it."
"This water color brush is terrific, just what I wanted.  It holds enough water for me to use it  easily ( while using my lap desk in my easy chair at night while watching TV) without getting up to refill it.  Also, the nylon tip is small enough to get into corners-such as flower tips and leaves. The brush comes apart by unscrewing the tip from the bottom water holder and makes it ideal for travel.
  I did have one small issue about the waterbrush, however.  The water holder has a plug that you have to remove in order to use it.  Since I easily misplace even large items, I just didn't know what to do with this 1/4 inch (about) sized plug.  It was fortinuate for me to have ordered a watercolor box in the same order and my solution was an easy one.  I placed the plug in the far left well next to the lid and taped over the well with clear tape. Now, when I'm not planning to water color with it for awhile, I can easily remove the clear tape and pop it into the holder.  Easy peezy."
"This is a really nicely turned out set with a good range of colors in a convenient size PLUS an excellent medium sized Sakura waterbrush, a really useful bonus that adds a lot to the set. I chose it to replace a Winsor and Newton Cotman set of similar size, but with twice the number of colors. (It's going to my granddaughter.) So far I am very happy with the Sakura set and liked the included waterbrush so much that I ordered two others in different sizes which add real extra convenience and portability to the set which I use for pen and ink/water color sketches.  Now, if only I could paint worth a darn!"
"I bought a Sakura Koi watercolor set, planning to take up some urban sketch using pen and watercolors. I knew ( and still know) precious little about watercolor painting. But the water color set came with a free 9-ml. tank watercolor brush. I started playing around with it and was amazed at how much more portable and convenient it made a set of traveling watercolors. I bought two others, one smaller and one larger than the one that came with the watercolor set. They were inexpensive, simple to use, and of excellent quality. The brush points held their shapes, made applying water colors extremely controllable, and were easy to rinse pigment out of. A heck of a good idea!"
"OK colors, easy to use with brush, like the fold out pan. Small and lightweight is nice for portability."
Great! Love it
"Love this! I have waited so long to get this set and I finally have it! The box the watercolors are on seems to be made out of a durable plastic. I like how neat the inside looks and althought it is hard to use the water pen at first, after a few minutes it was easy to use . I also like how the bottom of the box has a small latch that makes it easier to hold. Another plus was that the shipping was fast and there was no damage done to the kit or the paper box that it came in ."
"I bought this set to do watercolors on a camping trip where I was packing light and wanted to leave my heavy camera gear behind. It was really fun and the colors worked great for the landscapes on my trip (sandy beaches with clear blue waters and forests). There is also quite a LOT of color stuffed in the little trays... When they get wet, they will expand and may get stuck on the underside of the mixing pallette if you're not careful. The pen was really simple to use and I could get 2-3 pictures per fill out of it, even with liberal drenching of the paper to do color washes. I took a B5 block of watercolor paper and chopped it in half, and the halves (B6 size) fit perfectly in the cover of the pallette, allowing me to use it as a perfect little travel easel for postcard sized paintings. The exercise of bringing this instead of a camera was really freeing and satisfying, and reminded me of how much I enjoyed painting from life. I missed having it on a recent trip, so I might have to start bringing it along as a standard item on my trips!"
"I bought this compact travel box with intentions of removing the included pigments and adding my own from tubes. The rectangles are glued so well doing so would have destroyed what appears to be a blow molded interior. I think ""sketchbox"" is an accurate name. If you are a plein aire artist and wish to get a quick impression of your area, this is fantastic. The WATERBRUSH is particularly nice. The addition of the little black flower head makes it the easiest to fill of any I have ever used. The layout of the box is great. Many have said they don't know what the sponges are for or they don't use them. They are not meant for cleaning. The best way to clean the brush is to squeeze out plain water then wipe. The sponges are if you are working wet in wet, after you put the initial water on the page, you wipe the brush so that you can go back and mop up any excess water. So the four stars is for two reasons: cheaply made interior, and, the colors themselves. Since they don't actually say what's in them with pigment numbers, I am inclined to believe they are made with dyes and therefore not lightfast. Think of radiant liquid watercolor. Think of Holbein Opera Rose and Bright Violet. They are beautiful colors I use myself. They are fun to paint with but the colors can fade. Best option for these is sketchbooks and journals where the colors can be out of the light and protected. Hopefully when I finish using the color I will be able to replace them with tube paints. How I wish they would make this exact box in metal, even at double the price! Removable individual cups would be a super plus! I like the finger hook on the back too. Box design is ingenious. I made the chart on Arches 140 cold press. One coat with a flat brush. I labelled according to the contents listed on the side of the box."
It's so perfect I hate to use it. Superior to my student grade. Perfect for travel and outdoor field sketches.
Perfect. Thank you.
Really rich colors. These feel like a cross between watercolors and gouache.
Love this
"Awesome watercolor set - very potable, slick aND high quality - not much paint but then again, this is not meant to be your everyday workhorse set! I bought it to take it on a cruise. I needed it to be small but have a recent variety of colors. Worked like a charm!"
Great traveling set when you have limited space and still want to take watercolors along with you!
I love this set! It's easier to take anywhere and the colors are beautiful.
"LOVE this little kit! Great quality, perfect size (just buy a little moleskin journal and you have a travelling art kit), great variety and depth of colour. Waterbrush is great!  Now you can set up the set on your lap while at the beach, overlooking vacation scenery, amongst your gardens flowers, on the deck, etc. I've even painted while a passenger on a roadtrip thanks to the little waterbrush. Can't speak highly enough of it!!"
Great brush. Better than expected. Does not leak.
"Arrived on time and as advertised. I used it immediately out  of the box and it is very easy to fill. The package comes with the refillable barrel, cap and brush, and a small plug for travel so the water in the barrel doesn't leak out. The plug is VERY small so I am keeping mine in the original packaging so it doesn't get lost. I would definitely recommend this product."
I love these watercolors. They last a long time and look beautiful!
"I love this kit. It is compact, but full of colors and features!
The mixing tray can be held to either side, or downward, and it's pegs will hold it steady for gentle mixing.
The lid stays up nicely and makes for a nice mini-easel. It could be a tiny bit better if there were a tab of some sort to hold a small paper there.
There is a small ring on the bottom, which can fold out, and be used to hold the entire kit steady in hand if you don't have a table available.
The brush has a removable tip to make it fit in the kit, and includes a small, flat plug that will keep water in the brush, even when the brush is disassembled.

I simply cannot find a thing wrong with this watercolor kit."
I love this little set. It comes with a watercolor brush which I think it convienent. The quality is good and the colors are vibrant!
"Love this kit. Nice intense colors and so convenient for travel. I find I even use it at home while out on the deck or when I have to wait for long periods in the car, e.g., kids sporting practices."
"Excellent quality. Seems tiny, but the quality of pigments makes it really last. Use it almost daily for maybe one painting a day since July, and still no sign of using it all up. Plus, the case is awesome. Compact with flexiblity for the water, mixing and clean up. Worth every penny."
"Such great quality. Super easy to use, durable, and perfect size."
"This is a wonderful watercolor set and the brush that comes with it is so convenient to have. Whoever created the brush deserves a medal. All I really need extra is a paper towel, though I suppose I should learn to use the sponges. The set has every color I might ever need, all of which dry beautifully."
"I really have nothing else to say. It's good, compact, and cheap. It's not the best out there, but if you're new to watercolor and wish to own a set that isn't too pricey (even if it is worth it) then this would do good."
"intense, smooth and easy to blend."
"Very compact, comes with everything I need to take on a trip (except the paper). Will even pass through TSA and can be carried on a plane. I just need to fill the waterbrush, load in some watercolor paper, and create a painting anytime/anywhere."
Very high quality paints. Love them!
Nice little kit.  Easy to pack to take on vacation.
Gorgeous colors and a great brush that lets you do detail work in watercolor.
Amazing
"My favorite watercolor brush!  I keep it in the travel art kit I always have in my purse, however I have yet to keep water in it, so I can't vouch for that.  I just fill it up with the water bottle I always seem to have on me anyway."
I love how compact and vibrant the colors are! I love the water brush. I don't have to wipe out my big pallet. It is also very mess free :)
"I bought this for my trip to canada, it was very light and portable and the paints are really good quality for the price! I'm definitely in love with this pallete and the water brush is really handy as well."
Excelente!!!
great except the brushing dropps when wiping by napkin
"Absolutely in love. This is my first watercolor set and so good for beginners. It has made me fall in love with water colors. Great gift, great buy!!!!"
Excellent quality and long-lasting watercolors!  I adore these.  They're perfect for my needs!
love it
Amazing!
Watercolor will never be the same! The water brush makes watercolor inconvenience a thing of the past. Works great and holds enough water for me to paint several pieces without refilling
"Very unique and a new experience for me using a water brush.  What will they think of next?

Georgia Pogue"
happy with purchase
Sweet little set
"What an amazing little watercolor palette to start with. I'm not new to art, so I know using good materials can make or break the experience so I opted for this palette so my make doesn't break ;). I LOVE LOVE LOVE the brush, and hadn't noticed when i purchased it that the handle fills with water making travel easier, keeping the brush wet, and making clearing out to a fresh color so simple!

It was not only a great experience at home painting flowers in the yard, but also an awesome addition to our road trip this summer. I brought this set, perfect for travel as it is, and a Strathmore Watercolor Postcard Pad both here on amazon. all along the way i was sending hand-painted postacrds back home. I HIGHLY recommend this palette for anyone interested in taking up watercolor and for anyone that also, perhaps, does a lot of traveling."
"I brought this little guy to the beach and my friends thought it was neat! I'm not much of a painter, so I'm not totally sure about the quality of the paints. They seem to be fairly pigmented. The design of the product is just the coolest. On the back of the paint tray, there is even a flip down loop you can use to place your finger through so you can hold the palette easily with one hand."
"I noticed this watercolor set while watching a video tutorial, and I was instantly intrigued. I wanted to experiment with watercolor without spending a ton of money on supplies in case it wasn't my thing. This set was highly rated and under twenty dollars so it seemed like a good choice.

I am so glad I picked this up! As a beginner, I find the brush comfortable and easy to use. I have a little one that likes to be in my space when I'm working on projects (even when I give him his own) so I love not having to worry about him knocking over a cup of water.

The colors are gorgeous too. It's kind of amazing that all these colors and the brush can fit in such a small box. It's designed really well, especially with the removable tray that you can use a few different ways. I'm able to sit with my husband on the couch and paint while he watches tv. It's nice not having to set up a whole bunch of supplies just to paint for a couple of minutes.

If you're thinking about picking up this watercolor set simply because it looks like fun...do it! It's a nice way to relax and clear your head."
So far so good. Has good pigment and there isn't much of a change in hue after the dryout.
I like these little  watercolors; this is my second set.  I use them all the time for plein air painting. The colors are true and mix well.
"I'm a big fan of watercolor field kits and have several in addition to this one; currently a couple from Winsor & Newton, one from ZIG, and one of my own creation. I have primarily used Winsor & Newton kits for the last 20+ years, but since I purchased this watercolor set in March I have basically neglected all of my other travel/field watercolor kits and use the Koi kit with water brushes almost exclusively.  I take some regular brushes along with me too, but the water brush that came with it inspired me to get others.  So, I use water brushes as my go-to field tools now.  The colors are great and don't end up muddy like some other brands sometimes do.  I also like the size and layout of the kit itself.  The mixing tray fits snugly into the mounting points and you can use the lid either as additional mixing area or for a mini easel for post-card sized watercolors. It's general make up has helped me reduce the amount of gear I take along when I do plein air painting too. I mostly just take it, a small water container, a pencil, eraser, fountain pen, the aforementioned additional brushes, a watercolor sketch book, and a fold-out seat.  Additionally, I would not call this a ""student"" kit if that term is used to connote cheapness or lesser-quality paints. These are nice, rich paint cakes from which I have seen very little grittiness with the exception of one or two of the colors.  I would recommend this kit to anyone, whether just starting out or whether you have been at watercolor painting for a while."
"I'm pleased with this set of watercolors. I'm a neophyte when it comes to the art of watercolor, so I purchased this set based upon the reviews here on amazon. I've only done a few paintings so far, but these have performed admirably. I think I will try tubed watercolors next time to see which I like better."
It was a good gift
I just started watercoloring and I am in love with the colors and the brush that comes with this kit is awesome too. I would recommend this kit for a beginner like myself and have fun making your art
DO NOT BUY the tank will get stuck to the brush head which will leave it useless you will not be able to refill the basin. Its a shame because the brush on this is wonderful.
love to use
Seems much easier to use than other watercolors I've tried. Lots of color choices. And easy to pack and go!
BesT WATERCOLOUR EVER
"I've been looking for a some good quality watercolors to start out my senior year of high school. I was looking for something that could fit in my bag as well as being good quality. This is the best set of watercolors that is very portable! Comes with a little brush pen that you can fill which comes in handy. The set in general is great. Comes with a wide arrange of colors which is nice! Arrived just on time as well. I will definitley be purchasing more in the future, for my atrsy friends. As an artist, this is an essential item to have!!!"
5/5
Great Product
"The size is larger than I thought, but I still like it very much. I've painted a flower with the paints, and it looks great. The pen screws in from the other direction, so just be aware of that. I would recommend it!"
Very good for the price !
the best little watercolor set i own. small enough to travel with me and lots of colors to choose from.
I absolutely love this watercolor set and take it everywhere with me.
Love this!  Wonderful not to muddle colors with water rinsing jars. Perfect for small personal illustrations. Very portable with a separate color mixing tray that you can clean in the sink.  I think I want another one.
"Colors are awesome!!!
very vibrant. slim packaging. travel friendly
love it"
Quality at a good price.
beautiful shades
"absolutely  positively  a must buy  very portable  great selection of colors,brush is great  I will positively buy again!"
"I would like to have more pastel colors, but I love using this set!"
Wonderful!
Perfect for travelling! The colors are really pigmented. The brush works great.
good product for color rough or just for fun. The size is small and convenient.
"This is my first ""paint box"". It is a nice set and has a good weight to it. Not light and flimsy. The colors look bright. Can't wait to use it!"
Its bigger than the winsor newton sketch box. Like it has a niced palette. The brush is handy. Good colors that mix easily. nice set
This is a great tool for someone just starting with watercolor or professionals who travel.
This set of water colors is awesome for beginners. It's compact and the colors a great for mixing and saturating.
so cute & convenient to carry around. It's light and has a lot of good colors
"The water pen/brush is great idea, but poorly executed.  The paint is vibrant and smooth.  I love the variety and the tray is so neat and portable that it is a great for quick sessions of watercolor painting."
did not like it its not for pro artists-try winsor and newton it is much better does not worth 20 bucks
"Perfect for hiking, backpacking, trips to the beach and travel in general. Love the durable but light case and handy pen-brush. Paint hues are vivid and varied.  This handy little kit is really a neat and compact design."
"The paints are excellent. The reason I changed the rating is the Brush. I've used the new 30 color set only twice and the brush hair came out in a long sweep! So now every time I wipe my brush clean, the hair comes out! I'm hoping the seller will send me a new brush.

Old review: Travelled extensively and used this everywhere. Some colors are chalky. Affordable quality for studies and travel sketching. Some of my art created with this set: [...]"
"Nice set, the only problem I have is that the self-moisturizing brush over-moisturizes sometimes, leaving me with too much water on the painting. The colors are nice and bright though, and it comes in a nice, white case-perfect for traveling."
"A nice set with included water brush that is easy to carry and very convenient for painting sketches in the field. The colors are decent and the brush convenient, if not capable of all strokes (dry brush is difficult to achieve as the brush is constantly fed from the attached water supply). Keep in mind these are not the highest quality pigments, but are quite good for field work and quick sketches.  This kit should get a lot of work from those who purchase it and will be happy they did."
"Extremely disappointed in this product. The included brush was completely unusable as the two pieces would not screw together making it impossible to hold or for water to be put in it. Would like to return it, but don't even want to deal with the hassle. The water colors are ok."
Love this set. Got one for myself and one for my sister. Awesomely compact and well designed. The colors are gorgeous! The included water brush is a very nice tool as well. Highly recommend!
"Really happy with this watercolour set, the item is exactly how it was described in the description. The watercolours are pigmented well and I love the size of this portable set."
Very pleased with the intensity of pigment and functionality of case. Brush--small head. I prefer a larger brush.
"Works perfectly for my water color pencils. Was afraid of it leaking, but haven't had a problem so far."
"Nice brush for quick sketches, outdoor painting. But not capable of dry brush work, as the water reservoir keeps the brush moist. For convenience and small washes, sketching, recording outdoor scenes a nice brush that is handy to carry and doesn't require you to carry an additional water bottle. Good with field sets of watercolors."
Gorgeous watercolor travel set. Out of all my dry watercolor paint this definitely is the best. The colors are very pigmented and bright and the waterbrush that comes included is fantastic. I have noticed  though that leaving exess water on the paint will eventually cause the paint to crack at the top.
"Love this watercolor set!  I am new to water color, and had only bare basics of instruction. I wanted a portable set that I could keep near me so I could pick up and dabble with it while watching TV. This is perfect. I keep a bottle of water and a little cup handy, along with a mixed-media 140lb Canson sketchbook. The case is a great size and has a solid feel to it. The palette sits nicely on the side of the box, and the underside of the lid can also be used as a palette. I will replace the paint as I go along. I read somewhere that there are square watercolor sticks that you can cut to refill the wells, but I also have tubes of paint and can just squeeze some of those into the wells. The brush is nice and I use it, along with just a couple of favorite other brushes. (NOTE: the nib on the brush screws on counter-clockwise!)  I hardly use the sponges, but have kept them with the case - I usually have a paper towel handy. Overall a nice little set.  I also gave one as a gift to a young artist in the family."
"exactly what I was hoping for--pretty, rich colors, portable for travel painting"
"Works great and is super awesome (you really do need to try of these gadgets if you watercolor), however it is way overpriced for a cheap piece of plastic, I bought pretty much identical 3 water tank brushes on another site for less than the price of this one."
"Love it, I can bring this any where I want and paint my art!"
good product!
Good product!
"I was really excited when getting this product. I use the Derwent watercolor pencils and thought this would be a great way to travel. I don't DISLIKE them but I was a bit confused by them at first. There are almost NO instructions on how to fill the brush which lead to a few nasty spills. I had to look on the Sakura website and actually found a better way of filling the brush later. I just think the bristles are a bit ""stiff"" even after multiple uses and cleanings. I prefer other methods right now. Perhaps, I will give some other water brushes a chance. Usually I LOVE Sakura products!"
"I only got into watercolors last Christmas, when I was looking for something I could make by hand to give to friends and family members as presents.  I'm so glad I discovered painting.  It's a wonderful hobby and it's so cathartic.

Anyway, I purchased this set because I wanted a field kit that was easier to transport than my tubes, but wasn't as expensive as the higher quality pots.  I couldn't be happier with my purchase!!!  The colors are vibrant and they mix brilliantly.  I used it last night on a practice wedding invite.  While my inking skills need some work, haha, the colors themselves performed amazingly.

Also used was a Sakura Micron 005 pen."
"This is a great set, but the pen takes a bit to get used to. The brush is actually made of clear plastic fibers that are thicker than other synthetic brushes. Also, this may be a testament to the quality of the brush, but other brushes like this that I have used had a more flexible water chamber that allowed you to squirt water out through the brush a little easier. It also allowed me to create suction to sop up spots that were too wet. Because of the fibers on this brush, it is difficult to soak up any water, so make sure you keep a folded paper towel in the case, or you can pop out the sponges.

This set is also heavier and bulkier than I expected but overall it is a great set. I would not call it pocket-sized, especially if you wear women's pants! However, this will fit easily into large cargo shorts pockets or a small purse."
"Honestly, if you watercolor on the go a lot, I HIGHLY recommend getting these brushes (or even the less compact ones) to take with you. They fit enough water if you`re just sketching, and I use the larger ones for studio brushes, as the water in the handle is easy and fun to use :)

I love these brushes, and these little ones are PERFECT for people who love cute travel sets :)"
"I love these brushes, and these little ones are PERFECT for people who love cute travel sets :)"
"Although the water run a little too much making it difficult to apply details or darker colors, it has great colors and easy to carry around."
it's really cool love it
I love the compact design and the colors blend really well. And the compact aqua brush is great.
Amazing product very easy to use
"Pros:
The pigment quality and selection is great for the price. I did a pigment swatch and compared to my Winsor & Newton pigments, these are really close, maybe a hair brighter.

The waterbrush is awesome. I love using these for ink and watercolor now. I bought a multipack so I could have various tip sizes. Tip for outdoor use: don't try to fill it by holding it under a water stream, the hole is too narrow. Rather, squeeze the reservoir in water like a dropper and suck water in.

The tray has plenty of surfaces for color mixing.

The cons:
The color pigment tiles are lose and WILL fall out of their trays. I advise getting the the bottom of each tile really wet and sticking them in. You don't want to be out in the desert like me and have all the tiles pop out in the sand...

It's kind of annoying to have to take the brush apart to get it to fit in the case. Maybe make a smaller water reservoir for the brush, or design the case to have a longer brush holder?

The sponges are junk. I end up using paper towels I bring along. If they used a more natural sponge they'd work better.

All in all, for $20 this kit is pretty awesome for tossing in my bag and having color options for my on the go sketches."
"Back in May, I decided to teach myself watercolor painting and I wanted an inexpensive set with good color selections.  The reviews for the Sakura Koi 24-color set were all consistently good, and the price couldn't be beat.  The included water brush also helped tipped the scale.

A few months in, I find myself still enjoying this set.  (I have a Van Gogh and Lukas set, too.)  It's the one I grab when I want to play with color mixing and to sketch out ideas.  It fits so easily into a bag, so it's a no-brainer on-the-go choice.  The colors are nice and lay down decent washes.  I wouldn't call them artist quality by any stretch (that title goes to the Lukas set), but I also wouldn't call them student quality either; they're somewhere in-between for me.

If you're just starting out and want a really convenient travel set with a water brush that works well, you can't go wrong here.  This is the set that made me realize I truly did want to go deeper into watercolor painting."
Good product!
Great paints! Wonderful pigmentation and fast shipping
Water holding brush. Transparent Colors are bright on minimal watercolor paper.
"Check out my review on my blog!

http://thatsrish.com/the-amazing-little-watercolor-set-you-need-to-own/"
"Odd colours from your ordinary crayola palette however, still a great set! Love the case and water brush included."
easy to fill and use.
"Compact but has a lot of colors and a pallet to mix pigments. I even love the water brush and with the use of other brushes it helps if you're a little heavy handed with water when it comes to water painting.
If you're looking to try water painting and want something reasonable in price with out skimping on quality, I would get this. This with a multi-medium sketch book would make a great gift.
As shipping went, it was delivered quickly and safely. I was surprised that it came so quickly since my orders didn't start shipping until 4 days after ordering but it arrived on the same day the order was ship. All in all, it was a happy surprise."
"MAYBE good for a quick sketch but i would rather fill my own travel case tray with quality tube paints or at least by a winsor and newton travel case next time.

These paints are chalky, grainy and dull. The colors do not mix well together at all even with a ton of water on the paper. I tried since may to like these and have thrown away all pieces i tried to paint with this. They turned me off from watercoloring for a few weeks because it was that frustrating. I would not recommend this to anyone."
beautiful transparent colors - great for plein air and travel
"Writing this review after owning for 2+ months and using in various settings / applications.

I like the larger water tank in comparison to several water brush styles readily available. Allows for less refilling, easier to clean than some styles, and ability to do decent size washes on the go.

My main issue with the brush is it's water delivery system. I've read several blogs and reviews that praise this brush for a stable water flow but I didn't have such luck. I found it to be a miss because of a few leak issues (during travel none the less) and it's seemingly inconsistent flow when I would try to squeeze to adjust.

Is it the worst water brush on the market? No. Put for me it still isn't a replacement on the go for a travel brush and water. I don't enjoy thinking to heavily about my tools opposed to what I am trying to create. So, still on the hunt!"
"This is it folks! This is a VERY neat and compact little watercolor set that goes a LONG way! It's light weight, yet sturdy and does not feel cheap at all. The brush is incredibly easy to use and I was painting my sketches without problems. I was curious to see if they pen could hold water while traveling and I was somewhat surprised to see that the thing does not leak; all of the liquid stays inside without problems. I am a cartoonist and am very eager to apply these watercolors to some on-the-go cartoon sketches."
Vibrant colors - fun for travel though a bit hefty for the size.
I love this watercolor kit! The colors are great and the sponges on the side of the paint are amazing! I can go on forever! The brush is really good quality! I love everything about it!!
"This is a nice watercolor set to have, especially when first starting out learning this art form.  The price was right, the colors are beautiful, and its compact size is great for travel.  I am enjoying my set."
These are so much fun to travel with!
"Absolutely love this little set of watercolor, very nice quality and vibrant."
Everything you need for traveling. I was so impressed with the quality for the price is pretty remarkable. The water brush worked better than expected also.  This set is certainly adequate for home use as well.
"I tried a variety of waterbrushes including the Zig detailer, the Niji, and Faber-Castell and the Sakura ones are the best for a number of reasons. The quality of the tips stay to a true point for much longer.. the type of nylon they use for the brush is great, almost snaps back into place like memory wire. They are easy to refill (with the other ones you have to use a butter knife to pry off a small rubber piece before refilling them). The 9 ml tank is also a nice size tank.

I really wish they made an extra small brush size because these are so fun to use."
Children like this.
good for travel fun! love it :)
"I really like the small compact size of this set, and the small waterbrush that comes with it. Sometimes I do use a larger size waterbrush but the small one is nice to have when I just have the pocket field sketch box and my journal. I like to use this with the small Moleskine Watercolor Journal, they both fit nicely in my backpack or messenger bag. If you think you might need more pans of color, you may want to get the larger 18 or 24 sketch box."
The colors are so vibrant!
Love these water colors.  Have been using them today.  Keeps me happy on rainy days :)
"The compact size is great, perfect for tossing into a backpack or purse. The latch isn't the strongest, though, so a rubber band around it wouldn't hurt. I like the design of the case, you can attach the palette on any side, there are sponges on both sides.

The paints are pretty good. Vibrant colors, good selection, not gritty, varying opacity. Not artist quality, but you can definitely create some impressive pieces with these.

The water brush is cool, will definitely use it. Keep the little black plug it comes with, because it doesn't fit in the case when it is assembled. It's tricky to control the water flow, so have another brush set for anything requiring precision. For on the go, though, I love it."
My artist daughters love this very complete very small and mobile set of warercolors.
Good quality paint and great colors.
Good tem and fast delivery. Thanks
"Best portable watercolor set, not chalky at all! Works as well as my tubes in my opinion!"
this is my second 24 piece koi set and it fulfills everything you would want to do with a watercolor set.
I tried this out at an event where another participant was sharing his set. I was immediately intrigued. The brush with the water right inside is terrific. The range of colors is fantastic. The design of the tray is excellent. I bought it soon after and have used this on trips as well as when at home. It works very well and am delighted to have learned about the product.
"I found the brush easy to use, and very nice quality."
"Compact, easy to care and use.  Bright, vibrant colors that are blendable.  A little goes a long way with this product.  I love this product and will definitely purchase it again in the future. Brought it on Amazon for about $20, other websites charge $25-28 plus shipping.  Of course, fast shipping through Amazon."
"Grainy pigments. Can't blend on the paper unless you throw a bucket of water on it. Even with my 600-recipe mixing reference I was unable to create a good basic Caucasian flesh-tone. And the brush leaks.

Did I mention the pigments are grainy? Horrible quality.

I never give junk quality art supplies to kids because that can turn them off art forever, so I threw this in the trash.

Consider Koh-i-noor's disc set. The paint in that is surprisingly good. Nice and creamyno sand. Cheaper, too."
thank you
"colors are true ,& love the size .The fact that it has it's own palette & self-contained water brushes, makes it a great choice for travel & convenient for everyday use."
Fits in an altoids travel palette as well as my Cotman plus palette. Dispenses water as you squeeze. Performs as advertised.
Would recommend it to anyone!
Wonderful vibrant colors and a great price. The brush itself is usually around 7 dollars so all in all a great set at a great price. Would definitely purchase again.
Great watercoloring kit. The brush is awesome and the colors are so vivid. Recommend to lots
I love this I can paint anywhere
"This purchase was a waste of money. It works BUT the plastic housing the ink is made of cheap plastic which bends and breaks easily when trying to unscrew, which definitely happened after ONE SHORT USE! Potential product but terrible design!"
nice buT iTs small
besT of waTer colors
"Pros:
- Vivid, nicely pigmented colors
- The water brush is decent. The amount of water that comes out on it's own is perfect, but may be too much for someone who likes to work with a drier brush. My favorite part is how the little black cap gives your the ability to carry it full of water and still have it fit in the case.
- The moveable palette is a really nice feature. Comes in really handy.
- The sponges for cleaning are genius. I didn't know about them until I got it. It was a pleasant surprise and pretty much removes the need to carry paper towels.

Cons:
- The paints are grainy. This is a ""you get what you pay for"" situation. I'd planned on buying the Koi watercolor tubes to refill, but know what after I've seen the quality of the paint. I'll probably go with Windsor and Newton now.
- In the picture, the plastic holding the paint appears to be nice and sturdy like in most paint palettes, but it's actually a very flimsy, disposable grade of plastic. Makes me wonder how it will hold up to refill and reuse.
- The water brush sometimes sucks paint into the water reservoir, causing color contamination.
- The ""small, sleek design that fits into shirt or jacket pockets"" is an absolute lie. Unless you're a giant with giant pockets.
-  Some of the color choices don't quite make sense. There are 4 greens and only one purple, and the one purple included is a rather warm purple. Also, the lemon yellow and aureoline hue are nearly identical. I would have also liked to have seen a more grassy colored green included.

Overall I'd say it's a good start for a student or someone who isn't looking to make professional-grade artwork, but if you're looking to get serious, don't have high hopes for the quality of this paint.

UPDATE: I really, really tried to like this set given the 5 star ratings from others, but the paints are so incredibly grainy and low quality that I could never recommend this set to someone, therefore I've bumped my rating down from 3 to 2."
Not professional quality but easy to travel. Worth it.packs well
This brush works fine but it is a little on the short side. I decided to give it a try when my Pentel water brush wore out. I still prefer the Pentel because it fits my hand better and the bristles point better.
"good little set for travel, or for just taking a projet outdoors at home(to work on uin the shade)--color are nice, pans can be re-filled with liquid pigment."
This set is a winner.
"So far I love this set. I carry it with my on my trips, and it couldn't be any better."
"One of the most expensive piece of plastic I have ever purchased, I felt like the price did not match the super cheap item (I mean it is really just a plastic tube, with some plastic brushes on the end).  However, it does work really well and it's innovation and usefulness are  fun.  I am really enjoying using it (it is neat to not dip your brush into a cup of water) and still recommend it.  Update....... I found I could get a set of 3 identical ""water tank brushes"" for less than the price of one on another site, I totally overpaid for this...."
"Okay,  I haven't used this product yet but I had to give it 4 stars for just the price. Every where the price was double. As soon as I use it I will give a review."
"You can't go wrong with these paints!  They are convenient and fun to use.  As and artist, I am occasionally caught pulling it out of my purse during church!  One Mom saw me in our Women's class (Relief Society) and asked me about it.  She ended up buying it for her 12 year old daughters birthday, and her daughter loves it too.  I will try to add a photo later of just what it can do.  I am pleased with the vibrancy and purity of colors.  While I do use my professional set of tube watercolor paint, I use these to make quick cards for friends and family- and I'm never ashamed, because the colors are still a wonderful quality!

I have seen these sell for as low as 16 dollars.  My favored price range.  But I have myself generally purchased it at around 24 dollars. Either way, it's still a worthy investment.  (And, if you have young children you need to get quiet during church, meeting, etc.. these are so easy to take out!)"
Super cute! Great colors and goes anywhere!
"I love this little kit. Everyone who has seen it asks where did I get it. The colors are vibrant, stick well to the paper and you have many options to start blending. It's size is very convenient and can go in any purse or bag without taking up much space. The brush is also very good. The water flows only when you press the container, so you have a good control of the water amount you'd like to use. It's easy to clean and quite sturdy. Only thing is I wouldn't use the cover as my paper holder, it doesn't stay upright and it just falls back to where it was. Other than that, this rocks my socks off <3"
"Great brush pen. Good control, never leaks, releases a good amount of water."
I purchased this set for a cruise that I went on and I am so happy with my choice. The colors are rich and creamy. I made my own watercolor book to take along and added an extra small brush to the kit and a small piece of sponge for blotting on my paper. I also carried a small mist bottle. It was a perfect way to while away my spare time both in the car and on the ship.
"I love water brushes. They make it possible to easily carry a watercolor kit for quick sketches and studies.

No leaks or blots from this brush, even when I fill it with India ink to do some brush calligraphy."
"I haven't tried this yet and im sure it'll be a good product, but im just dissapointed about the packaging. I got mine with some minor scratches on the case and with some red marks or paint or whatever, i don't even know what it is and it won't come off. I tried to look about returning it but it's so much work. There's nobody to contact about this problem. Just a little dissapointed i guess"
OK
This is truly an awesome water color brush.  It lays down the perfect amount of water every time.
My wife adores this product.  Other water color brushes of this nature lay down a ton of water.  We have found that the Sakura is the best at only laying down the amount of water you need for your work.
"I bought these for my wife and she absolutely loves this product.  She has tried several other water color brushes and has founf they all lay down way to much water.  The Sakura, uses the perfect amount of water."
I love this little kit! It's small enough to tuck into my purse and the quality of the paint is very nice. The little removable palette is a lovely touch and very functional. I use this with my moleskin notebook and am always prepared when inspiration strikes.
I love this little set!  The colors are rich and bright and it is just the perfect pocket size to take along. The little water brush fits inside the box and is so convenient for sketching on the run.
Great
Lovely set
My artist daughter loves these little travel watercolor brushes!  Easy to use and easy to clean.  Very handy.  She loves them!
"Love this little field paint set. Think the container could be a little more compact especially since it's meant to be a travel kit. As for paint, it's a good selection and size and the color saturation is good."
Great set!!!
Love these!!! Haven't used them yet but I'm excited to... Exactly what I was expecting. Thanks!!!
Perfect to travel with and use for my journaling.
"This works very well. I already have the 24 pan Koi Watercolor set and wanted another brush to add to the one included which has the 9 ml reservoir. I can fit both brushes in the set by removing one of the sponges on the side and putting in the 4 ml tank in that space. The 24 pan set came with the medium pointed brush and this is the large pointed brush. The brush tips are interchangeable with each other, so I can put the large tip on the large reservoir and the medium on the small reservoir."
"This is by far my favorite little watercolor set!! I never leave home without it since it and my sketchbook stay in my purse/backpack wherever I go. It's the most convenient set I have, so travel friendly and great quality! I love that the paints are vibrant and not at all chalky or powdery. It's really such a great deal for the price. I have much more expensive watercolors like windsor&newton and these actually rival the student versions of these paints. I would definately recommend this to any aspiring artist or hobbyist that just wants to bring some color to their work. ;)"
"I love this set! The water brush is the best thing ever. This is the first set of watercolors that I have ever bought, so if you're a beginner artist like myself, this is a great set to use. I wouldn't worry to much about not having enough colors, I've always been able to mix them well enough to get the color that I want."
I like to use this brush with watercolor pencils. I have used this type brush when sitting in waiting rooms.  No mess..
Nice water colors for a beginner like me.
I needed a watercolor set with vibrant colors at a low viscosity and this totally came through for me. The portability is another bonus that I didn't know I needed. I carry this set everywhere.
My daughter uses this kit for her projects in an elite art college. Very impressed with the quality.
"This is a good buy. Yes, it's also adorable. Place hold it all with a thumb ring that unfolds in bottom. Side tray pulls out for mixing. Brush makes the whole thing even better. Well thought out, adorable to my eyes and I love it. That said, would also make a nice gift."
great little water pen for ink and watercolors :] the tip is very durable since it has still a sharp point despite my scrubbing against the paper
"These Watercolors Are Absolutely Amazing! I Can't Even Describe These Amazing Colors! The Way The Colors Are Able To Mix, Amazing, Amazing! I Use This For Every One Of My Drawings! (Although I'm More Of A Colored Pencil Artist) The Pen That Comes With It Is Mind-Boggling Easy! If You Like Those Pens, Then Mind Heading Over To Pantel Arts Aquash Water Brushes. But, These Watercolors Are Amazing No Matter What Stage Of Watercolor Skills That You Own. I Would Definitely Buy Again.. Again.. And Again. :)"
Great kit. Love the package.
"I thought it was small at first, but the size is just enough. A slightly bigger pan would be great.  I add water to all the pigments, and my watercolor set still looks new after completing 6 paintings! I don't use much, haha."
Love them! Great little compact kit with gorgeous colors.
"Very nice portable watercolors.  The paints seem to be of good quality.  The water brush looses hairs, but other than that it's a nice addition to the set."
"While fine for craft projects and letting the kids play, the poor flow and slight grain to these paints means this kit is in the toy box, not my plein air kit."
GREAT BUY!
"The brush is so easy to clean and is easy to use, especially in small places"
"I bought this set 2 years ago and still absolutely love it. The colors have very rich pigments for watercolor and have been great to carry with me for drawing time in cafes and etc.

I normally use an additional piece of paper towel or napkin instead of the included sponges that are meant to clean the brush. Nice idea, but paper towel still works better."
"The set is a nice compact size, easy to travel with. my main complaint is that when the brush is put together, it is too big to fit back in the case."
"After a bit of usages and playing around, I'm happy to say that I am satisfied with this product!

I'm new to watercolors. When I first started I bought a cheap watercolor set. It made me realize that cheaper quality watercolors can become easily muddied only after mixing 2 colors.. but anyways, with this brand I can mix 3 colors (more like blend) and it looks very pretty after drying!

I paint sketches or doodles so the smaller cake-like colors in this pan are just fine. And they're pretty pigmented so you only need a little.
The water brush it comes with is really handy too. When you first open it, it comes in two pieces but you can easily assemble it. Sadly, it won't fit when put together, so it needs to be taken apart in order to fit. (doesn't bother me though, since I put my water brush pens in a separate pencil case)."
"I love these paint in the stray, it's easy to take anywhere outside that I want to go to go explore and paint very smooth Paint. I Love them ."
"Was hightly recommend, still have not been ale to use.  soon!"
Very nice! Thanks!
Not as good as I anticipated .
"I like the water brush, I wish they had bigger ones for washes!"
"I'm a fine artist and currently finishing my studies as an illustrator, I have worked with watercolors for a long time and for me having a small kit is great for reportage drawing and quick sketches and doodles to warm up and study places. My favorite thing to do with this kit is to go out to different places and draw what I see, the sakura kit is pretty handy for those moments and the colors and the material have a great quality, I would highly recommend this, plus the price is reasonable when it comes to a good watercolor kit, also the waterbrush is functional and amazing! Again I find it a pretty handy full set!"
perfect for travel and transport. Colors are vibrant and as good a quality as any other high-end watercolor set.
"be prepared, its small but wonderful"
"I was worried when I first received the set, it was much smaller than I had envisioned. However, it soon became very apparent that the quality of the little cakes are superb. Very pigmented, and extremely good selection of colors for such a compact set, I am very happy with my choice. It fits easily in my travel art bag, easy to open and close, I love it. And the water brush is really unbeatable. The bristles are very durable, and it's so convenient!! Excellent for the price, travel friendly, I only wish the cakes where a little bigger"
Best watercolor set I've ever used. The colors blend nicely and the compact casing of this set makes it convenient to carry around in my purse when I'm out. The brush design which stores water inside the brush is genius.
"A bit smaller than I expected, but that's simply my oversight. Regardless of size this will be an excellent addition to my tools, especially my travel kits. Much easier to use than a water container and set of brushes."
A wonderful compact field kit.  Love the choice of paint colors.  Closes up nicely and stores away.
exactly what I'd hoped it would be!
He had to use the for a art class  in school and home
"I love the color range and quality of these watercolors--the paints have a lovely rich feeling and depth. nearly every bit as nice as my tube watercolors. The container the kit comes in is extremely well designed and feels nice and sturdy. It's not a cheap set, but it certainly doesn't work like a a cheap set. I have used my share of those and this one is totally worth the $$ IMO.

The only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is that DUDE, THE BRUSH CANNOT BE ASSEMBLED. The two pieces refuse to thread together. I tried repeatedly and only succeeded in soaking the front of my shirt. Thank goodness it was only water. I have no idea what to do with the brush. I will probably toss it.

Luckily I purchased the Pentel Aquash water brushes at the same time--these are a dream and never having used one before, I found they work better than I imagined the would, with nice crisp points, and no hairs left behind on my paper. I highly recommend getting one to use with the set.

UPDATE REGARDING BRUSH: Hi there! I've just discovered--just--that the brush only connects if you screw it on the handle in the opposite direction as you would expect. I was showing my kid how it wouldn't connect and on a whim I turned it in the other direction. Voila! Anyway, haven't used it yet, still, I would pick up a couple of those Pentel Aquash brushes anyway. They're dynamite!"
Good lightweight palette.  I would like the paint holder to be made of sturdier plastic.  Disappointed in the thinness of it. Nice colors though.
"My wife loves these, she only wishes they held more water. :)"
"I really love this thing.

All of the colors are vibrant and lovely to use. The actual construction of the item is solid. The plastic is thick and does not seem like it will break easily if dropped or whatever. The pen is really nice, I was expected something maybe so-so but it is of the same quality of other water pens I own. The sponges on the sides are great, and the plastic palette is perfect. Its a great size for traveling and makes it really convenient to paint while not at the comfort of your usual work space.

Bottom line it is an awesome high quality, unique, and fun product for any level of watercolor painter."
The brush is frustrating and impossible to put together.
Great product! Speedy delivery!!
"great set.  cakes dissolve quickly, rich deep colors.  Water brush works well, need a little getting used to it.  Daughter loves it.  Think I'll get one for myself."
"This is a great little palette. I couldn't wait for it to arrive. I tried a sketch with it the same day that it arrived. Although I was disappointed with the sketching experience, due to my newness to the waterbrush and paints, as many others have, I saw the potential in this nifty little paintbox. The next day, I popped out the paint blocks and squeezed in my own tube paints. For the first time, I have organized my paints in a grid and now I have actually expanded my color vocabulary, using colors that I wouldn't normally have used had they not been laid out like that. Overall, I am quite happy with this product. I hope I will learn to use the waterbrush."
"awesome waterbrush, i love this product thanks"
Love it.
"Just as described. Quick ship. The kit is so compact, it is easy to take along when traveling. The brush is fun to use, and more versatile than you would think."
"Returning this because the water brush it came with did not work.  The brush water tank will not screw on but after I finally got it on, it won't come off.
I think this set is very expensive considering the size of the paint you get.  Very small pan."
"I had received this as a gift for my birthday from my art teacher, therefore I cannot comment on shipping quality!
However, the item was given to me in perfect condition. As I had been eyeing this product for a very long time, I was so excited. I had the intent to use this set during classes when I finish my work, and in the future while at college during breaks and the like!
So getting this was already putting a smile on my face. When I saw the inside however, I felt a little... Disappointed? The colors looked dull. The brush confused me just a little. It looked like it might be cheap.
However, as soon as I used it I changed my mind completely! It's amazing for a travel set, and the little ring finger holder under the tray is so perfect for when you don't have a desk to bear down on! I love the water brush, so convenient!! It's very durable too, and has a good grip.
Color Quality: Wonderful. The blues are bright and vibrant, the greens are rich and earthy, the reds are warm and all of the colors blend easily on palette, and on my papers. (I use a mixed media sketch book which tends to hold watercolors very well.)
Functionality: Wonderful. It's organized, everything the kit comes with tucks neatly away in a simple white box. The material seems durable enough, especially if you're only carrying it around via knapsack/tote. The only thing I didn't take into mind was the fact that the colors inside the set (on the mixing palette) will run even if you shut it. (However this is something I should have expected, silly me.) This can be solved simply by wiping off excess water with a small napkin, which I would assume you carry with your art supplies anyways.
Wear: I feel like I can use this about 3-4 months before I completely use it up, and at the price, and all you get, it's really not that bad. The kit itself could be used for future paints if you'd choose to put more in, like an extra sketching kit to tote around... Just a thought.
Over all, I love it. It's wonderful and I know I'll get a lot of use out of this during my free hours. I recommend to anyone needing something handy to sketch with.

(I'll be testing for lightfastness soon, hopefully it lives up to my expectations!)"
First time using this and it is very likable! Addicting to use.
They are very vibrant colors and easy to work with! Love them!!
"Awesome little travel kit. The 12 colors are nice and varied and of good quality. I'm just getting into watercolor but from what I can tell, this kit is DA BOMB. The brush was a bit small for me so I went ahead and bought the larger brush size at an art store near me. However, it wouldn't fit in the case so I had to take out the thin plastic tray for the colors and 3D print a new one to fit inside so that the new big brush could fit. Now I got everything all snug. Woot!"
"small paint pods, but great paint. I will buy tubes to replace as certain colors run out."
"I love this set of watercolors, it has really great colors and very nice quality.  I bought another one for my niece and we both love it!  It's so compact and convenient, you can take it anywhere and has everything you need."
"Beautiful colors in a small container I could easily throw in a bag and go. I have my own water brushes so I haven't cracked this one open yet, but I love that it comes with one! The palettes are ridiculously useful for mixing colors and watering them down."
I love this set.  It's small enough for me to take to my Art Group once a month.  It's small enough I can take on vacation too.
Nice paint but too small.  It makes a mess just by picking up color.
Great little kit!  I love the brush that came with this set. It slowly lets water through from the handle which you can control by lightly squeezing the handle.  The colors of the paint are really vivid and has a great pigment.  These sets would be great for kids since you fill the brush with water and there's no need for a water cup!
It was really good. I brought it for my friend so the commend come a little late.
"Great watercolour for travel color can be very muted or saturated. Paint quality is high.
Perfect for travel. I carry a paint brush, spray bottle and plastic water bottle to rinse brush. Love this little kit."
"Nice little water color kit.  Comes with paint, resealable water brush so you can travel with your water pen filled with water and not have to worry about a leak.  The mixing tray comes in very handy.  It's compact and the price was really great for what is included.  Colors are rich and mix easily.  Overall very pleased with my purchase and it's performance."
Awesome kit! I take it everywhere.
This are life
Smooth flow paint.  Nice colors and set up is nice.  A lot of colors in a small space.  Nice tray also.
"For the price this watercolor set can't be beat. I love the colors which are vivid, I mean they're are not Holbein, Sennelier or Graham but I do prefer these over W&N especially for the price. Koi watercolor tubes are great for people who aren't looking for an investment or just want a cheap in conjunction with a better set of paints. I myself also use the paints I've mentioned above. I've been using them since I was in art school in 1991. They're made by makers of the Micron pen, Sakura."
Awesome Brush!
"Water lasts quite a while and the bristles hold shape very nicely. My medium size brush produces a nice variety of lines. I am loving this travel brush. No leaking, and it was easy enough to adjust from a regular brush to a self moistening brush. Perfect for my travel journal! It fits nicely in my 12 color Schmincke travel tin."
Love this little watercolor kit.  The colors are brighter that other kits I have tried.  I am very happy with this one and am using it with a smile.
Great travel kit for beginners.
"Its super cool. Light & compact. Colors are great. They looked kinda dry & a bit cracked here & there, but they blended real well. Theres one color that may be a dark grey but looks black to me, but we can always work around that. Perfect price! You won't regret it. Find some 4x6 watercolor postcards & ur set to go"
Beautiful colors and nice transparency and flow. I'm really enjoying using this set for journaling.
Great little set  lovely colors. Lots of pigment so doesn't take much. Love the water brush fits in case. Only need some paper and ready to go. Favorite now. Highly recommended
"Just what we expected, awesome."
"Great size for travel, and nice quality watercolors."
I always wanted to get this set! .. The water brush is amazing.
Arrived quickly and as described. Great value! Thanks!
Nice little set and easy to use
This is a great way to have your paints ready to hand. Neat and tidy packaging.
"It is easy to bring this with me everywhere. The design is so compact. The range of colors is good, and the quality of the paint and brush is great! I would recommend this to anyone who wants to paint on the go, but doesn't want to carry a ton of stuff. I would like to note that this is for quick and simple paintings, would not recommend this for someone who wants to paint something grand. You would need to bring other supplies if you plan to paint something super detailed /grand."
Love the compact size and awesome quality paints
"Use it for blending, just wish the brush tip was a little less flexible."
Wife and kids seem to really enjoy them.
A wonderful tool for my watercolor painting.
I am an art teacher and have found these sets to be the best quality portable watercolor set for an affordable price for my high school students. The colors are vibrant and the travel brush is wonderful for art journal painting.  My students love this product for its affordability and transportability.
Nice little kit and easy to use.
"I received this watercolor set 3 days ago and I have used it every evening! It is small and compact, but it has what I need inside! 24 colors of good quality watercolor cakes of vibrant colors and an aquabrush. There are 2 sponges and the palette has several sections on it that can be attached on either side of the watercolors themselves. I put Teflon tape on the legs to assure a tight fit because the palette would wobble. Just 3 - 4 turns of the white Teflon tape around the legs made them tight enough to stay put but not so tight that it wouldn't come off.
My advice is this, when opening your watercolors for the 1st time, your aqua brush will be in 2 pieces. The water reservoir has a small black stopper in it, KEEP THE STOPPER if you want to travel with the brush and water.
Make sure you rinse both the reservoir and the brush of the aqua brush before use. Fill the reservoir up with water and stopper it. Place it back in its spot next to the brush top and you are set to go out and capture the world (although I do take an extra water bottle with me). The aqua brush is completely replaceable with a different nub number if you wish. Amazon sells them.
Inside, where I have unlimited water, I use watercolor brushes and the aqua brush dry and just dip it into a bit of water and then onto the cakes of color.
I am so glad I broke down and bought that set (and the small tabletop easel, but it hasn't come in yet)
A great bonus for this set is the lid serves as an easel for post card size watercolor sheets. I use Strathmore 140 lb."
"I bought this for my brother, who is new to water colors but likes drawing and whatnot. He says he likes the pen and I see him using this a lot. His paintings look cool so 5 stars."
Very delicated product. Super portable. I love it!
"Nice colors, highly reccomend."
"The quality of this set and specifically the paints is so nice.  The colors are rich, blend beautifully, nice opacity and impressive variety of shades.  When looking at the size of the palette and the pans, they seem small, but you use so little that it will last for quite some time.  I plan on buying a few for my office for Art Therapy as well as Play Therapy.  And you can't beat the price."
I bought this pen for fondant work and it is amazing it is easy to use and shipping is super fast. :)
it's beauty it's grace
"amazing!!! i love love love this set and especially the brush.  i like doing sketches primarily with water color (not serious detailed paintings) so i don't want or need multiple brushes.  this brush is really all i need, and the fact that it has the water in the tube is truly magical.  i hate dipping and redipping my brush and this is like a brush and a marker all in one.  love the whole design of this little set too.  nice variety of colors.  cleans up easily too.  i'll be loving and using this for a long time."
I would buy this again.
"I love this set and I highly recommend to every artist wanting to experience water colors in general. In a way, it teaches you how to use brushes and the brush itself is perfect. The water colors are smooth and not cloudy and don't rid line-art!"
"These watercolors surpass any I've ever owned in quality!  Quick activation with water, deep colors, almost creamy!  The size is perfect for storage and portability!"
Rich colors Love the size and the brush is a definite bonus  :D
"Love them,  compact quality you can take anywhere,  wish I'd discovered these years ago"
Very nice set of colors. Bright and easy to manipulate. Excellent value.
"My daughter just love this water color which won't dry up , can last long :) and very neatly pack :)
Amazon delivers this product promptly and they packed it very well ... Thumbs up Amazon"
Good water brush
Love these !!!!
This is a nice little group of traveling water colors with a water brush included.  I will enjoy using them.
Great set for travel. Colors are vivid. Trays are very useful for mixing.
I love this great little paint box! The colors are perfect and the small container is so convenient! Perfect for taking on trips or when you are on the go.
I had been wanting a little water paint set for a while now as had been looking at beautiful art done using water color. This set and the pigments are very good and its also good for traveling and putting in your backpack. Also the brush is good as you can fill it with water and it comes with a cap too. However having a good set is not going to turn you into a great artist as I found it rather difficult to get the beautiful drippy effect and blend the colors nicely.
I LOVE THIS! It's so compact and the colors are awesome.
These are better than my expectations. Great for travel.
Hella nice
"Well, I purchased this as an alternate to my Niji water brush that I have used for a few years and love. I thought I'd try a different brand. As yet I haven't tried it and I admittedly went with the Sakura brand name given that I use the Micron pens in my art and they have always worked well for me. Out of the package it appears kind of cheaply made and it's rather small, in my opinion. I understand that it is supposed to be a ""travel"" brush but so is my Niji which is significantly longer and better made.

Pros: I suppose it's as advertised. I haven't tried it out yet and am not currently able to.

Cons: Top is reverse threaded. States ""do not lose black cap"", which is small and (in my opinion) unnecessary anyway, but there's really no place to keep it. The cap is supposedly for separating the two halves for travel, so that the tank doesn't leak. It just feels poorly made and the cap that's supposed to go on the back of the brush for added length (I guess? Still shorter than my Niji by a lot) doesn't seem to attach all that firmly.

I probably wouldn't purchase this again but I will keep it and try it out. I suspect I'll be more happy with the Niji I own and have used for watercolor for a few years now. I'll also probably buy another Niji next time."
"Very good for traveling
I used it for watercolor pencils too"
"I Love this kit , I ordered it on standard shipping and it came fast"
"This set is tiny. In the description the long dimension says 8"" when it is actually 6""; each pan is about 0.5"" in length; with almost no space between colors I imagine paint will run and make a big mess. The colors look mixed and some of them look pale like they are mixed with white. Returning."
Vibrant colors and great quality as well as great variety. It is excellent for traveling as it is compact and it has a finger holder so you can use it while standing.
"As someone basically new to watercolors, this set is awesome! I couldn't believe how pigmented the colors were! It's a great size as I have a lot of variation and can just toss it in my bag and tote it along to where ever I'm going. the plastic is sturdy but I'd be a little worried to sit on it or throw it 20 feet onto concrete as it would probably crack. The finger ring on the back doesn't seem to be really useful to me as I'm a lady with smaller hands but it doesn't get in the way so no problem there. I watched the price on here for a while before I purchased and it usually wavers between 19-25 bucks so if it's going for under 20 snap it up!"
this is my second Koi Watercolor set and I just couldn't pass up the Christmas deal on it.  It is the best travel kit of watercolors I have ever used.
"Gorgeous, vibrant colors!  LOVE THESE!"
My grandaughter loved the new watercolor set.
Perfect travel paints or even for small art projects at your desk.
"I recently started growing a interest in watercolor painting and I read so many reviews on a affordable travel palette to start my journey. I had some indecision fever and had a hard time picking one from the a list I had narrowed down. Finally, I became so inpatient that I drove down to a local craft store (hobby lobby) to see if they had one from my list because I just wanted to get started.

The retail price for the 24 piece palette was quite high in store but I was able to use a coupon. Even so, the price here is better. Why did I choose this one? Well the reviews were fantastic and the removable palette seemed handy. You could remove it completely and put it off to the side or place it to the right or left (see picture). I love this feature. The colors were described as pigmented and I would agree with that. The pan needs just a little water to be able to lift the color. And I've been able to mix colors no problem. In my picture you'll see some dark color mixed on my palette. This is a mixture of utlramarine, Crimson lake, and yellow ochre. I use this mix to get a perfect shadow color (as seen on the lemon picture).

The palette itself its a fairly study plastic palette. It does stain over time but that is to be expected with any plastic palette. The sides of the palette have little strips of yellow foam that can be used to wipe off the brush. I find these to just be ok. I prefer to carry a small cloth or napkin with me instead. And it is possible to store the included water pen inside the palette if you keep the little black stopper (seen in the open palette photo) to hold the water in the tube. Unless of course your destination has a water source or you carry water with you. And the included water brush? I have been fairly impressed. The brush hold water with next to no leaking. I would say that it is about a medium water brush so it might be useful to pick up a small brush was well for detail work. My brush has taken a lot of abuse as I lost the cap during my travels but the brush still works great. I used it (along with a smaller waterbrush) on the lemon painting.

For what this palette is, I am extremely impressed. Sakura designed a highly functional and portable palette with fantastic watercolors for a great price. I made the right choice for my starter palette. I will say that in the future I plan to invest in a palette that have removable paint pans. This will allow more customization and allow me to use the palette for years to come. The only downfall of this palette is that once the pans on my most used colors are empty, I will either attempt to fill with tube paint or have to buy a new palette altogether. Given that this palette is so affordable, I certainly wouldn't be opposed to buying a new palette, but it would seem pretty wasteful."
"I love the quality of the pigments. The paints are dense, and after only one use, I can tell that they will last me a while. The compact case makes it easy to take these colors with me in the field."
"It is an awesome tool! I never stop using it on my water color and distress ink projects. The water container lasts a lot of uses and you only have to squeeze a little to obtain the amount of liquid desired. You just have to be careful when turning from color to color because if you don't clean it well you could have a little bit of it inside the brush part. Not big deal, with little practice you learn a few trics; for example: never press and loose with the brush tip on the color to avoid it absorve it."
Very satisfied
Very nice paints!  I am pleased with them!!!
My favorite thing to carry with me.
appears to be well made but have yet to test it out.
Purchased this for a gift for my over-the-top artistic daughter. She loves it. It is well made and makes rich paintings.
"I returned this product as soon as I opened it. I thought it would add to my watercolor supplies; but was disappointed. When they describe mini-colors, they mean mini. Not even 1/2 pans. I decided I could better spend that same money on a set of  ""Pentel Arts Aquash Water Brushes""."
I've always struggled with watercolors. This set makes it easy! The water chamber in the brush really makes a difference.
"I ordered this for myself, but my daughter loved it so much I gave it to her and ordered myself another.  The colors are very bright and reasonably transparent.  The case is adorable and I love the mixing tray that can be attached on the bottom or side.  The waterbrush is nice too."
"Are these the best watercolor paints I've ever used? No.

Are they really quite fantastic for a set that comes with a really nice little case AND a nice waterpen? YES!

I find that the reds are a little similar for my tastes and there are a couple of colors that would have been nice, but once again, this is a budget set. If you set your expectations accordingly, you will be very pleased.
There's a nice little mixing tray and the whole case has a pop up ring on the underside for holding on one hand. How cool is that?

It's all about scale with this set. If it was $50, I would be rather disappointed. But for under $20, it's a STEAL. These would be great if you're just looking to play around, or are just getting started.

They're a three and a half star set, bumped up to a five by the utter value.

Bravo to Sakura for getting some nice art supplies into people's hands at an affordable price!"
Such a great little brush :)
"This kit is really cute and simple, I'd recommend it for anyone just starting with watercolors. The price isn't bad, and the quality of the pans is really nice. The only problem I have is the board that contains the pans. It is extremely flimsy, you definitely do not want to consider this palette as something reusable. The pans are very small, I've only painted about 4 pieces, but i can tell this won't last for years if you're an active watercolor artist. Still, for the price it's a really good place to start. After you've gained more experienced and joy from playing with watercolors, you'll definitely be on the lookout for better palettes."
This is the best I have used yet...
Love these. Fantastic little set. Glad I bought it.  Nice saturation of colors on water color paper.
A great gift for artists
As an artist I wouldn't use anything else for my watercolors. Now I get them for my little granddaughters. Talk about mess-free!
"So easy to use, and I can even keep a couple of small sheets in the lid. The colors are crisp and clean, not muddy. And they layer well with good coverage. I can take paints with me all the time. The thumb holder is a little hard, but I don't need to use it much so it's okay."
Great
Very vibrant colors and easy to work with.
This had missing lid . very clumsy! not what they described. So much money for such cheap product.
"Nice, light design, but leaks quite a bit.

One of the biggest annoyances I have with this brush is that it is reversed to tighten/loosen the brush from the reservoir. the barrel is circular, and doesnt prevent the brush from rolling.

I am considering the pentel version instead. Hope to have better luck with that."
"perfect portable watercolour set I suggest looking to this website for a good review, and how to use it. It is where I learned of the set.
http://www.stutler.cc/other/sketchbook/sakura_koi_24.html"
Super fast service AAA +
I LOVE my paints!! No regrets!!!
Great product and service!
Fantastic
great as advertised easy to use...portable
Amazing product.
awesome
"I have owned my set for several years and love it so much that I bought this as a Christmas gift for my niece who is new to making art.  I believe that in order to do anything right, you need the best tools that you can afford to do the job.  This is the best little
 set of watercolors and it comes with a water brush too!!!"
Love these.
i like this compact water color kit.. although the pen goes with it doesn't work very well. i have to order new Sakura brush separately.
It was a gift. Either they liked it or they were good at pretending.
"My favorite (so far) water brush. No leaks, good brush quality."
Works very well
Great love this set
"Very convenient, I like it a lot!"
"I keep this small watercolor kit with me in my small backpack or travel jacket if I'm going out of town for a day or two or just as a matter of course. With this and a pack of watercolor postcards, I can sketch while at the library, waiting at the doctor's office or while having a cup of coffee at Starbuck's or other coffee shop. Versatile, fun, simple and has all the essential colors. I do keep it in a Ziploc bag, in case the paints are still wet and I have to put it away quickly, just so it doesn't leak in my pocket or backpack. I store the postcards in the bag, too, as well as a folded paper towel."
"I love this little set that packs in 12 colors, a sponge and a full-size water brush in it's little package. I
I thought I would have had to find a case for the brush, but it comes in two parts and is easy to assemble and refill. the colors are quality and are vibrant. It's just my own thing learning how much water and pressure to apply to the waterbrush.
Overrall, it's a great little set especially with the waterbrush."
Perfect for traveling with. I take it with me everywhere
"The brush was very handy for home or travel, but seems to be blocked and I can't get it cleared....
so have to dip it like any other WC brush."
"I have just started doing water color art, painting in general, but I love this palette. The water brush is my favorite part."
"very bright color that makes me feel happy, the number of color is enough for a beginner like me, especially there is a perfect color for drawing the human skin. recommend!"
"I got mine at a big name craft store with a 50 percent off coupon so it was even cheaper than this, but this price is worth it as well considering all you get. I just recently got the Winsor Newton Compact 14 pan http://www.amazon.com/dp/B00NO2YT0I?psc=1 again not from amazon and with a coupon, thinking the quality paint would be better but I keep reaching for this Sakura palette. I really love to colors a lot more.  Great product, love the removable palette and all the space for mixing colors and the water brush you get with it. Great design, highly recommend.

Update 6/9/16 - This was very well loved and I still recommend this palette for beginners. However, after  getting a taste of using artist grade watercolor pigments it became very apparent that these colors are a bit on the chalky side and not as translucent, a bit more like gouache. But it's still a solid buy and great for travel. I do love the design of this box and wish I could find an empty one like this that I could put pans into. I will most likely squeeze my artists grade paints into this once the wells are empty."
wonderfully designed and made...great gift. I highly recommend this painting set.
"Good quality, nice and compact to travel with"
"I essentially bought this for my advanced drawing class, but this is a really wonderful watercolor set for on the go! Fits perfectly in my bag whenever I need it for class. What I love is that there's a lot more color variety than just the generic few colors in a single tray, and the brush that comes with it is so awesome. The brush is a medium-ish size though, so I also bought a smaller one to go with it. This set would be a great gift too! Very convenient for traveling."
I love mine.
I feel like I would be repeating what everybody else is saying but this little kit is fantastic. I always carry it in my bag and it was a worthy travel companion.
great tool
"I got this today and I couldn't wait to play with it.  I love that it's portable, compact and has 24 colors on the palette.  I love that the mixing try can be positioned in 3 different ways (left, right, below the tray...BRILLIANT!) and it has a finger ring tucked underneath for those who want to hold it like an artist's palette.  I purchased this with watercolor postcards and it has just opened up a whole new way for me to share my artwork.  I'm a beginner so this field sketch box is just perfect for me. This is the cheapest I have found this item (other sites carry it for $10 more).  If there was one thing I could find fault with this item it would be that the colors aren't refillable.  I'm sure I have a long way to go before I even have to think about that and it's not going to change my 5-star review."
This is the perfect product for the art I am working on.
My go to watercolour set - it beats all other brand names!
The colors are really vibrant - you'll have to really hone your skills to get the perfect pigment on paper. Definitely a LOT different than Winsor and Newton's watercolor. I don't really use the waterbrush that's included because it's not that great. I would say this is the perfect size palette for painting outdoors.
AWESOME quality and hues!
"this set is fantastic, the set has great colors, and is great to take on the go!"
This is a wonderful watercolor travel set. It has all the necessary colors and they are great quality. The removable palette is very convenient. I am very happy with mu purchase.
"Love the vibrancy of the colors, the small size is super convenient and the water brush is just plain genius."
Well constructed. I brought it with me on a trip and it performed great! Didn't try water brush yet though...beautiful colors!
I like!
This works really well! The brush provides a pretty continuous amount of water. Easier to use than most traditional brushes and it doesn't shed bristles or leak. A small painting took about 1/3 of the water reservoir so I would consider that if you are travelling with these. I haven't used other aqua brushes so I don't know how it compares to the rest but I am happy with this one for now.
Water brush works well but I find the short length a little awkward to hold.  I'm keeping this for travel when I really want to save space but for everyday use I prefer a more standard sized pen.
"What a great little set! Creamy consistency, bright colors and affordable. Great for non-professionals, no need to splurge on expensive sets, this will do the trick."
ty
"This is the first watercolor set I buy and I think the colors are great! I like that the colors are bright, but can be dark. The brush is nice and thin, but can also be used to fill in large areas."
"great pigment! love the presentation and the water brush. very good product, recommend it"
Great
"I use this kit with my moleskine journals. The included water brush is great and I love that it comes apart and fits in the kit. I had never used one before I bought this kit and was surprised how useful it is-- cleans up with a couple squeezes, so you don't need and extra pot of water. There are two yellow sponges on either side of the paint tray, which are useful if you don't have a towel to blot your brush. The pigments are bright and the paints mix well. Some colors are a little redundant, but they vary in opacity and can be used for different effects. The white paint  is not opaque enough to be useful, so consider replacing with gouache. The clasp is a little loose so I recommend carrying in a kit bag or using a rubber band in case you drop it."
"I love to paint with watercolors, however whenever I go on vacation it's a hassle to get all my stuff together. But with this case it has everything I need at fits perfectly into my luggage. The colors are very bright and the pen paintbrush was very nice quality. These do not run out fast because the colors are very pigmented so not alot needs to be used when painting."
"Purchased for a friend who bought one and needed another.  This is her favorite sketch kit.  She sketches daily and has just completed her second book.  She says the colors are rich and concentrated, and the kit is so portable."
"Great kit!
The more I fuss around with this kit the more I am impressed.  The colors are vivid.  The design of the box is solid and wonderful.  The removable pan palette  can hang left, right or front while you paint and can be used as a template to cut 4x6-inch postcard-size pieces of watercolor paper that can fit in the lid while you paint.  The waterbrush can be used to carry water along.

You may want to order a pad or three of Strathmore 4x6"" watercolor postcards with this."
"This is a fantastic water brush! Quite fun to use and makes watercolor easy. I like how much water it puts out, just enough to continuously lay down color but not so much that it bleeds anywhere. Instead if the brush running out of water just the color does so it blends quite well and doesn't leave choppy spots like when you run low on water with a traditional brush. Though be aware when mixing colors with it that all the pigment in the brush is mixed as well, if you aren't careful you might get a solid streak where you don't want it."
"Great palette selection. Love the colors and how well they blend. Great size - not too small, not too big."
Great for painting out in the field.
"I really like this little travelling kit for watercolors. It's a nice size and the brush works quite well. I did have a slight difficulty getting the brush to open, as it turns the opposite direction you would expect. (Maybe I'm a little slow on figuring out these things, but I was frustrated until I figured it out.) Personally I prefer the watercolor pans in my Winston-Newton set, as these don't seem quite as transparent, but they are adequate. I wouldn't use them on a day to day basis, but they are wonderful to use in my watercolor journal when I am not at home. I like it enough that I bought several sets to give as gifts for my friends who paint."
The colors are beautiful very good quality water color!
present for my wife. she loves to take it on road trips.
"These watercolours are very vibrant and create lovely colours when you mix them. I don't have any complaints about any Sakura products I've used thus far and it's an added bonus that these watercolours are so affordable for the quality. I've been using these since May of this year and still enjoying them! If you're looking for a decently priced, nicely pigmented set of watercolours with good transparency, then look no further. :)

Edit: A year later I will say I have made SO many wonderful paintings with the Koi Watercolours and I don't regret buying/using them.. I learned alot by using affordable watercolours to experiment with. I have now moved on to Holbein, but I will attach paintings I did with these paints to show you their potential!! I will either keep my leftover paint as back-up or give them to someone who is interested in getting started in painting with Watercolours. I highly recommend this brand. :)"
good
"The colours aren't as pigmented as expected, but it's very smooth on paper, and has a large range of colours to choose from, very handy when it comes to travelling. i can also fit extra bits of tools and small brush heads that i need in the box, so overall i am liking this product."
Product arrived on time & as described
"I am remarkably impressed with this watercolor set. Usually I am not fond of cakes and pans for watercolor. I definitely have a preference for tubes. However, this set might just have changed my mind on that. The colors included are all wonderfully vibrant, there's a great variety, and they are easy to mix. Some people use these for small paintings on-the-go -- and I have done so as well, but I also used them to render several full-size (9x12-18x24) paintings. Like all pans, they have a slightly chalky finish to them when they are applied. The waterbrush, sponges, and palette included all help to make this an absolutely wonderful product. I just wish that the company would produce and sell individual color replacements, as Winsor & Newton does, but because they don't, I will not mind at all buying an entirely new set when my colors run out."
"Great for traveling, so much better than I expected. I use in my art journals when I don't want to drag all my watercolor stuff out."
"Great watercolor! Creamy consistency, intense color. Love the travel kit...has gone with me several times already."
Beautiful bright water colors.  They were exactly what I was looking for.
"Fast shipping , nothing broken or damaged or missing parts.
These are decent water color paints. Obviously not professional but very decent quality. I would buy this again for travel.
Colors are very nice, great pigments."
Great portability for outdoor studio purposes.  Fits in my purse or backpack easily.  Nice selection of colors. I'm enjoying it.
"This pretty cool. The brush holds the water so you do not need a container of water. Now you do need a paper towel or something to clean the brush off with, but it is very easy to do that. I also loved all the colors that came in the set. So many bright colors to paint with!"
It is a well designed case. It is portable! I like it very much
"The water brush does comes disassembled but does not fit together;  I have other water brushes so I do know how to put it together.  Otherwise OK.  Nice color palette, handy size and a nice little mixing palette.  If the water brush worked it would be a nice little traveling artist tool."
"The best watercolours I have used. Well worth the money, the colours are vibrant without drying as chalky. I found some of my Dads that were over 20 years old, same brand, and they gave me wonderful, rich colours. So I bought a set of these and am so happy with them. Watercolours make me happy. I bought a set from amazon that was an add on (not this product) and was disappointed by how chalky they were. That is not not the case with these. Sakura makes quality art products."
"Really like how compact it is, the price was great and the enclosed water rush is a definite plus. Shipping was really fast too."
"This has a left hand thread. The only other things that I know of with a left had thread are light bulbs and the bottom of blenders. I felt it would wear out the plastic quickly by trying to open it the normal way (right hand thread). Also the water tank was much smaller than my Pentel and hard to squeeze. On a positive side, there is a cap for the water tank, but it pops on rather than screws on. I have owned my Pentel for a while as a gift through Amazon and would buy another. This one does come apart for storage or travel, but I feel this is over kill as it is so small anyway. The Pentel also has a secure cap like this one which works fine for travel."
"Perfect little set for experimenting with limited palettes without investing a small fortune.  From a 2 color (Ultramarine/Burnt Umber) to an Old Masters (Yellow Ochre, Light Red, Payne's Gray) to a delicate floral triad (Aurolien, Quid Rose, and Cobalt), I have found dozens of basic and artist recommended palettes represented in these 24 colors.  Brush works well, paints are decent student quality.  Palette performs well in field and studio, but works best for smaller work and sketching.."
bright and strong color!  Love these...
i lvoe these paints so much
"I am very happy with the wide range of colors in a very small palette.
But I don't recommend this for large washes of colors or backgrounds since using a large brush will inevitably pick up neighboring paint cakes. But for detail and sketch work, this is probably the best set ever. Great for traveling too as it shuts close into a flat sleek white rectangular prism."
I like the travel box and paint brush but if you are a watercolor artist the paint really lacks good pigment in colors.
"Love it, good bright colors.  I am ordering two more for Xmas gifts. Great for traveling.  Will be taking it on a road trip in France soon."
GREAT GREAT GREAT CONDITION! fresh neat and easy to use while on the go <3 i love water colors
This is a very nice set and fun to play with. It is perfect for nature and urban sketching. I like the colors which are pretty and vibrant.
"The koi water color set is perfectly portable, convenient with the water brush.  I bought them while on vacation because I forgot my regular paints.  I even painted several pictures with them.  I like the colors as well."
Nice little box for travel.  I'm new at water colors but I think the color is good.
Excellent product.  Good value.
"I am nowhere near being an artist, and to be honest, I only purchased this set for the brush. I had no idea you could buy the brush itself. However, I am extremely happy I ended up with the paints as well. They leave something to be desired as the paints in the set look dull. BUT THEY""RE NOT. They are bright and vibrant and beautiful. I absolutely love them."
Really convenient if you use the water color pencils.
"Great product for the price. Love the extra mixing space. Also, for the price, the paints are actually really great quality! I had never used the water pen either and I love it! Planning on getting a smaller tipped one. I'd highly suggest getting this palette. Not just for on the go work, but the paint is good enough quality that it can be used on other projects as well! Can't say enough good things about it."
"Really convenient to carry around, I am a watercolor beginner and I think this set is perfect to figure out if I like watercolors. And it fits into my bag and can be carried around."
I love it!...just the right size for me to carry in my travel pallet.
"It's nice for beginners, affordable price and small to carry around, came with one brush, and one sponge I like it and it's doing the job.
Colours have grainy texture but, and the white colour is really impressive."
"I give a four star only because the colors, which are nice & bright, are not true professional quality (such as Winsor Newton), but the price is much better too. Good quality for students or especially for kids or painting for fun. I find Sakura products are always nice."
"I got this for my 12 year old daughter, who has an artistic bent.  She has used it a few times and really likes it.  It is cleverly designed such that everything is kept neat and compact.  I would buy it again."
Neat little field sketch set with removable tray that can fit on either side of the pallet. Very sturdily built and the colors are gorgeous. It cheers me up to use it!
A great set with beautiful colours! I love this!
"The colors are so delightfully vibrant! Not sure why people are complaining so much about the blue tones, I don't have a problem with them at all. These are perfect for the 30 paintings I have lined up for the next several months. Good price, arrived within two days of ordering. Definitely suits me wonderfully!

My only criticism is that the carmine is the only red in there... and I needed a crimson. And the purple comes out as more of a magenta. Not too big of a problem, because I just went and bought a tube of the alizarin crimson I needed, from the craft store I work at, and I can always just mix the desired purple.

I would (and most likely will) definitely buy these again!"
Nice vibrant colors.
"It is the coolest watercolor set ever! It is easy to take with me when I am out doing sketching, etc. The colors are VERY nice as well!"
"I have it so that when I am out sketching, I have a portable way to use my watercolors in my sketchbook."
"Really enjoy this product. It fits nicely in my backpack purse next to my 5x8"" sketchbook. Item is thoughtfully packaged in layers to be completely compact, the water pen is the high quality kind with the little sponge inside to keep you from getting huge drips of water on your project too. The colours are vibrant, or subtle, depending on the look you want and the mixing tray is perfectly sized for several mixes of colour. Not show in the picture, there are also two yellow sponges on each side of the paint tray to clean your brush on. Would definitely purchase again, though I doubt I'll need to. Solidly made."
"Nice way to use watercolor pencils, the water is in the brush."
"Nice set,compact and self contained,and fairly strong colors. I LIKE the Payne's Grey!  Only drawback,it would be nice if Sakura used a little classier syntheti in their brush."
"Nice little kit,very compact and complete. It would be nice if the brush were made of sable instead of the rather rudimentary synthetic. At least a step up in SYNTHETIC would be nice!"
"I like it :)
I just got it today, although I am pretty disapointed because it was slightly used by someone and was said that it was new.
I could see watercolor stains around the box and the watercolors itself a bit used.
I wish they wouldn't have gave me the used one when I brought a new one.
But, it's still in pretty good shape"
"Good selection of color, the pans activate quickly, and color is smooth, not grainy.  Compact with a very convenient pallet tray."
"Easy to use on the go. Have to get used to turning the tip the opposite way to put the tip on the water container, but very good brush."
"Takes a little to break it in, but once you get it to it's best, it's amazing. Good for travelling. I love it!"
Fantastic to work with I love these brushes/pens. Loading the water into them is a bit odd at first. You need to pinch the pen body to create a vacuum. Place it in the water and then let go. It will automatically draw the water up into it then. When using these brush/pens the fibers can hold pigment. Make sure to clean the brush tip after use. They load water easily and reliably. I always look forward to working with them!!!!
Fantastic to work with I love these brushes/pens. Loading the water into them is a bit odd at first. You need to pinch the pen body to create a vacuum. Place it in the water and then let go. It will automatically draw the water up into it then. When using these brush/pens the fibers can hold pigment. Make sure to clean the brush tip after use. They load water easily and reliably. I always look forward to working with them!!!!
Fantastic to work with I love these brushes/pens. Loading the water into them is a bit odd at first. You need to pinch the pen body to create a vacuum. Place it in the water and then let go. It will automatically draw the water up into it then. When using these brush/pens the fibers can hold pigment. Make sure to clean the brush tip after use. They load water easily and reliably. I always look forward to working with them!!!!
"the colors are vivid and the design is sooooo convenient for drawing. Love the brush the most, it can meet any need in a watercolor work. I would totally buy another after I finish the current one."
as good as descrbed
"Good flow, easy to clean, and it never leaks.  Perfect."
"Nice, but surprosed it was so small, especially for a medium brush.  Would be nice if a little larger brush head for medium and larger water holding tank."
A+++++++!
Great range of colours and are beautiful in my art journal.
Beautiful color and easy to use.
"Great tool when using watercolor pencils,"
"I can see how this would be useful for watercolor pencils, but it's no help with cakes or dried paint from tubes. I also found the water flow almost impossible to control. It isn't my favorite water color brush, but it will do in a pinch."
"Love the fluidity of this paint. Also, Amazon outdid itself in the delivery."
"Beautiful colors, perfect travel kit."
"I have been using the Pentel water brushes for a bit now and really love them. But I am always willing to give something new a try. I am an urban sketcher and always have my pad and water colors handy, never know when inspiration or a scene will pop up in front of you. I purchased to brush, recieved and instantly was dissapointed. The water reserve/handle is very small and doesn't hold enough water. Also attaching the handle to the brush head can be a chore and once on the water flow is very lacking. Cannot re commend this product."
"When I got these, I looked on the box, in the box and in the contained to identify the colors. These colors are very dark, so I got my watercolor pad and made a swatch of each color. My watercolor pencils helped. The water brush is useless and a small brush is needed as the pans are so small. I began using these paints for practice i.e. trees, grassland and barns. A 3x5 pad is excellent for small scenes. These paints are not for children and mix well and hold to the paper. Working on a large project is useless as the paints are only for small projects, if you can devise a way to identify the colors. Happy painting"
"One of my favorite brands - Sukura - creates some amazingly bright watercolor paints.  I love them, personally.  I wouldn't say it's good for professional grade work.  But I use them for art journaling and they are amazing!  Super bright."
"These paints are great, I have only used them on Yupo Paper with wonderful results..."
"This is a wonderful on-the-go set of watercolors.  Well, they are just as good for stay at home too, but this set of quality watercolors is really compact.  Everything you need in one neat, efficient litte box.  And an aqua brush too!"
I love this thing!!!! It is the best watercolors I have ever got! The colors are brighter then they look and there is pink!!!!! Although the colors are small and if you will use them a lot it will probably last you 1or2 years but they are the best!!!!!!!!
I love this palette. The quality is great and it's so convenient. The paints are smooth and blend well. I've enjoyed using it for my watercolor journal. Will be trying other Sakura  products
"Lots of colors for a beginning painter of watercolors. I find I don't need all the extra stuff because I don't generally paint in nature - just take pictures and paint in the cool air conditioning....The colors do however saturate the paper so be careful applying them because if the color is too intense you can't remove it by washing and blotting once its down. Be sure to test on scrap paper if you're doing a wash or want to know the exact coloration you'll end up with. But otherwise, for the price, its a great beginner set."
"These are very gorgeous colors! They have a great consistency that makes it easy to blend, water down, or paint as is on canvases. I haven't tried them on paper yet but on canvas they show up very vivid and have lasted a long time. I HIGHLY recommended this set with the low price that they are."
"I love the color I can get with this set.  This is a great little watercolor set for someone on the go.  With the kit you get 24 vibrant colors, a water brush, a small palette and some sponges on the side.  You can even use the lid as a little easel.  So glad I found this set, it's just perfect."
Excellent for field painting and journaling.
"I like using this water brush because it has a very small tip that's great for turning my watercolor pencils, on my smallest drawn flower petals and leaves, into paint.  I only use it for my smallest flowers because when painting on my larger drawings, it releases too much water and my watercolor pencil paints don't look very good when a lot of water is applied. Therefore, I prefer using my paint brushes to turn the watercolors into paint, for my larger drawings, only."
"This Is An Interesting Concept...And Challange To Use....Kind Of Fun...Trying To Dispence JUST The Right Ammount Of Water...To Get The Paint To Flow The Way You're Looking For.  Make Sure To Let It Dry, Though...It's A Closed System....Can Get Milldew If Not Careful"
"The colors are beautiful and the pallet is compact and easy to use. The names of the colors are on the box.  I also purchased the
Pentalic Watercolor Field Book, 7-inch by 10-inch which opens flat and replaces the need for extra paper and boards.  Love this combo.  I also purchased this as a gift for a friend and she was very pleased."
Good size travel set with a detachable palette for mixing.  Good color variety and the paints moisten up easily and hold their color well unlike some sets that wash out too much.  Use it daily!
"Sweet little water color set. I like the palette color choices. I liked it so much, I also got the same brand, smaller set to take camping!"
I love this set of watercolors because it is so well designed.  The brush has a compartment within in for water and the little tray makes blending and cleaning so easy.
SUPER small but works well with the small details of course. Also it takes practice to get the water out of the brush without destroying your art.
"These sets are like no other.
Outstanding quality for painting for hobby or retail.
The fact that there are tubes make them last a bit longer as they can be sealed from air a bit better if you are careful.
The pigment is concentrated of course, so you can decide how much water to add, as water color denotes being entirely water
  soluble, so the dissolving and opaque to transparent extensive ranges are possible."
"The actual squares are much smaller than i thought they would be, but the color is so vibrant and goes such a long way, I'm all in.  I use them alllll the time when I do A2 cards using Tim Holtz distress watercolor paper."
"This is a really comfortable set whit enough space for making your mix, the brush is really useful, and i'll definitely buy it again"
"I love this thing so much. I can watercolor literally anywhere. On a plane, in front of the TV, in the car, on a bus, at work over lunch, anywhere! The colors are vibrant and beautifully true. The palette is compact but easy to hold and manipulate. They include a palette that hooks onto the palette once open! It's just perfect."
"I had a large, loved it and needed more sizes. So I came back for the small. Again, its a great brush for travel or just watercoloring in front of the TV."
"So your craft desk is upstairs and your TV is downstairs and you want to watch TV AND be creative...

Enter the water brush. Watercolor anywhere! These are such great quality, have a large water reserve and allow for lots of control over how much water squeezes out. The price is pretty awesome too."
"Plastic did not hold up...  Functionally it was fine.  The brush was okay, the feel was okay, etc.  But on trying to unscrew the barrel the second time, the plastic just didn't hold up."
This is just right for me. The sketch pad paper is of good quality and the paint colors are clear and true.
"Even though the paint is not the highest quality, its plenty good enough to paint with, so portable and so well-designed. Together with the brush that comes with it,  a 140 lb pad of watercolor paper, and a few paper towels and a small bottle of water, you are ready to go paint in the yard, in the woods, on the beach, or wherever you want to go.

I gave this 4 stars instead of 5 because I like the 24 color set better than this 18 color set. Price difference is minimal."
I used it to journal the trip.  It was portable and had space for mixing and the colours are great.
"Perfect size for urban/field sketching and painting - the colors are satisfyingly saturated, the water brush is an absolute marvel, and the 12 piece palette is perfect for preparing any natural color.  What's not to love?"
"I purchased this as a gift for a friend to use as a watercolor set when she goes camping.  The set looks very nice to me and comes with an interesting brush that has a water reservoir.  I rate it a 4 vs. 5 only because I have no feedback on the quality of the watercolor paints.  One of my other friends thought it was heavy for her extremely rugged mountain hiking, but a smaller set is also available."
"I love the assortment of colors in this little box, it's compact size with the mini easel in the lid is ""cute"". (if anyone knows which watercolor paper fits on it please tell me; for now I just cut up pieces of regular watercolor paper in the smaller size.)
What attracted me the most was the top reviews, and the waterbrush. I had never seen a waterbrush before.  It's a nice size to work with although at home I prefer the Pentel waterbrushes because the barrel part is thicker and easier to hold. I love this but do alternate it with my own made up kit.  I love the Koh-I-Nor color wheel as well and it is actually smaller to fit in my purse than this kit and less costly.  But being the Gemini I am, I couldn't choose between the two so alternate them. I'm also glad I got this in the 24 piece set because I know if I had gotten a smaller set I'd be wanting more color choices. This is a good set to use at home as well because sometimes I just don't feel like pulling out something larger.  It's all so compact I can keep it out on my desk and even paint on little surfaces while on the phone. (I use the paper coasters which I also use for zentangle.  Sometimes I just doodle with water color with this set; if I don't like it I throw it away.  If I do I put some sealant over it and use it as colorful little coaster."
I absolutely love this set. I love the fact that I can take this set with me to places and carry it in my backpack with little to no problems. Not only that but the colors are absolutely astounding! Highly recommend these watercolors.
"I love this little set for travel!  It has a great variety of colors, is small and lightweight and the brush is fun and easy to use."
"I'M Grateful for this wonderful set,  size is perfection color mixing values right on and I hope to free many friends from the smelly fatigue that lasts for days caused by many products.thanks"
"I love this set.  I have three of them.  I have two of the small (12 color) models, and one of the large (24 color) models.  The pens are excellent, the colors are vibrant, but can be refilled with better quality pigments as needed.  I travel with one everywhere I go.

The small sets will require more color mixing, and they don't have segregated mixing trays, so you'll need to keep your mixes under control.  Adding colors to sketches in a small sketchbook is the ideal use-case.

The larger models provide a separate segregated tray which is much easier for mixing and maintaining colors during work.

They each have their place.  I would purchase based on your size needs, and understand the limitations\trade-offs of the smaller sets.  I don't consider them negatives, just considerations."
"People who have seen me use this kit would often ask where I got it.  It's the one thing travel kit I carry around everywhere when I sketch as it is very compact. I've used this for several years and it's still going and the paint is still left (I did have to replace the brush as few times due to regular use). A great gift item, certainly."
I bought one for myself and I loved it so much that I bought two more to give to friends.
"This is the best portable watercolor set I've had.  The water pen is compact, effective and it hasn't leaked on me yet!"
"I love this product!  The colors are vibrant.  The travel kit is very easy to use.  When I go places and want to do a quick sketch, the watercolors are small enough to whip out and I can have a finished painting in about 15 minutes.
It has a water brush that you fill with water.  The brush comes in two pieces.  They screw together.  You fill the brush with water and it has a small stopper to keep the water from leaking.  When you are ready to paint.  Remove the stopper and screw the brush tip on.  It's that simple!  I can have fun painting wherever I go!"
"I am excited to get the opportunity to use this set.  I have been out of town and the weather was bad, so it was not the opportunity I wanted to try it.  Arrived on time and well worth the price."
Fantastic quality and color. I am in love with these water colors. I will continue to buy this brand in the future.
"I have been looking for a good watercolor set for myself as a beginner, and this set meet my request."
"I will never get anything else. I've had it for a while now and it's just fantastic.
Keep it clean and well maintained and you shouldn't have a problem."
"Love having the water right in the brush.  Works well and
will be perfect for travel, too.  Friends will be getting some, too."
"I bought this set to get started back into water-color after having used acrylics for years.  I have to say, for the price, I'm pretty impressed.  The paints are nice, and easy to work with.  A couple of minor items that prevented it from getting 5 stars, the brown tube in the set I bought had bad paint (the pigment had separated from the base), and I tend to prefer metal tubes that you can roll up over the plastic tubes, but for aspiring artists new to watercolor (or returning after a long hiatus) it's a good kit to get back into the artform with."
Very pleased with the product! It works really well and it's very convenient. Item exceeds expectations and came exactly how it's described.
"When I started using my travel watercolor set, I wanted to carry around with me a brush that was easy to maintain (meaning, me not having to bring a small water cup to clean). Then I found this little gem and I couldn't be happier.

The size of it is pretty convenient to carry around and its easy to clean. I mainly use this for small little illustrations in my sketchbook and its done its job pretty well (If I wanted to do more serious watercolor paintings, I'm not sure I would use this brush.. but it still does a great job for my small doodles). It carries a pretty decent amount of water and I'm able to do quite a bit of painting before I need to refill it (if you want an even smaller water brush to carry, there is also a 4-ml water tank). I'm also able to get pretty decent line quality with it. Although my only gripe with this water brush is that it leaks more water than I'd like.. but a simple dab on a paper towel will fix it.

If you're looking for a decent water brush that can be carried on the go, I think this one is a good place to start."
seriously needs an instruction set for dummies like me.  i love it but cleaning the brush is a hassle.  it leaks a bit but whatever.
"The kit is very small and portable.  The brush holds water right in it.  So far, I really love it."
This is a very practical box and comes with a nifty kind of watercolor brush ideal for a fieldtrip. I love working with it and it is small so I can easily carry it with me wherever I go to make a quick colorsketch for later use. Definitly would buy it again.
The box closes very nicely. The brush is of good quality and it is light weight. Very nice to use.
"I carry this to my Fashion Illustration class.  I like the small compact design, very convenient to carry and use.  The assortment of water colors are good quality, too."
This brush works really well.  My only issue with it is that it doesn't hold very much water.  Otherwise functions quite well.
"Love the colors, and the brush! The only bad thing is, I didn't expect it to be a bit small, well, maybe because it's suppose to be used for carry around:D"
"This was a Christmas gift from my mom. They are easy to blend, color range is tremendous, great for on-the-go watercolor work and the brush holds a ton of water. I painted for well over an hour without refilling. The pan closes securely and there is a removable palette included. Really enjoying watercolor work with this set!"
"This little water color set is so small that I can take it with me where ever I go.  It is also a well designed set, the tray can be placed in several different positions making it convenient to use.  The price is very reasonable for a 24 color set."
"if I had not first purchased the Cotman Watercolor Compact Set I would STILL adore this little Koi set BUT having bought the cotman and been rather disappointed (quite) I would suggest if what you want is FUN and ease and a great choice of vibrant colors to take with you on your travels BUY THIS ONE (buy 2 even!) its a blast to use and the 24 colors make it E A S Y to quickly get the effect you want w/o having to mix mix mix all over the place AND the quality of the plastic used to create the tray itself is FAR FAR better than the cotman... that much I know

I adore the little water filled brush and I am THRILLED that the mixing tray actually comes off and goes on very easily and FEELS like a good fit, no pushing and pulling etc. the very BEST part is that the color pans do not FALL OUT all over the place like the cotman and that is worth its weight in gold. im getting another one for home too!"
"What a delightful little watercolor set. I bought it as a travel set & it is perfect for that! Plenty of area to mix colors.... Nice little ring to put your thumb in & hold. Most of the colors are traditional colors, so if you are used to professional watercolor, this isn't far off. The colors handle well too. The waterfilled brush was new to me, but i find i like it. I use other brushes as well, but was pleasantly suprised with the one included in the set. My only concern is the small amount in each square, but, if used up, more tube color could be squeezed in. I would recommend it. Sakura does put out nice products."
I like the brush wery much. It also comes with me every day. The only thing is that the small brush is less usefull as the medium or the large one
"I use it every day!!!!! I take it with me everywhere I go, and use it on the go. Simply superb!"
"While not top shelf paints, these still do the trick. A good color set for me to take on a hike, there are a lot of dry, mustard brown plants in my area of California. I love the water-filled brush, great for squeezing out extra drops onto the color pans or wetting your paper quickly. And the palette snaps into the left or right hand side with a flip-out finger ring for easy, one-handed holding."
Love this watercolor travel set!  I take it everywhere and the best part is the pigments are excellent!  They have lasted a long time and the color is so rich!!!!  Will always travel with this set so I can do what I love anywhere.  I ordered more of the travel brushes in other sizes to go along with it.
I love the size and concept for travel.  It is the bees knees .  I don't leave home without it
"I read about this on the Artist'sWatercolorJournal FaceBook blog and ordered it. I used it while taking a plane trip that was about 4 hours long and used Canson 5x7 post card sized paper in the top which served as my easel  It fit nicely on my airplane tray along with the usual drink glass from the airline and a few napkins...a studio at 30,000 feet!

It now travels with me in my day back-pack everywhere. The pigments are lovely and the portability is almost beyond belief.  I took out the two side sponges, set up dividers with gum erasers and added four more of my favorite tube colors. The accompanying water barrel brush works beautifully and I've recommended it as a travel or in-the-moment field kit to every artist I know!  Visiting some friends recently, our hostess was quite taken with it for a house gift to give to another artist friend of hers, so we ordered one over a glass of wine!  How easy is THAT?!?!"
Wonderful colors and it works so well. I have made a lot of watercolor art for my handmade cards. And everything all stores in the self-contained box.
The sending speed is amazing! I'm satisfied with all things~! I have finished several pictures and they all seem to be good.
"I haven't tried many since they're really expensive but, so far, this is the best investment i've made in art supplies yet.
the colors last for what seem like forever and they're still full after 10 pictures i've done.
Definitely worth buying and the color variety is amazing!"
"I read on an animal syringe review that using a water color brush for baby rats to nurse with works great.  Well this brush is awesome for that!  My husband did a small modification with the top of the bristle attachment and then it flowed great (formula is thicker then just water, otherwise water flowed great without the modification).  Peanut has lasted from 5 days old to 14 days so far and this brush has gone a long ways towards that.  Just put in boiling water before each feeding to kill any bacteria that might start growing in the bristles."
I Paint With Watercolors....But I Wanted A Tube-Set.  I'd Been Looking At Options...These Are Not Just A Nice Sellecction Of Colors... They Are Very Nice Quality!
"Compact and easy to put in my glove box or purse, it is handy when I want it. I would buy it again!"
I purchased this for my granddaughters; 5 and 10 year old and the pans were a bit small.  I'm sure Mom will figure out what to do.
"This is a perfect little watercolor kit for the ""on the go artist"". The color assortment is more than adequate. The paint has a nice texture and applies well. I've had no problems with this set of watercolors. I've used and enjoyed it many times. The ""cakes"" are small, but last longer than one would think. I would recommend this to anyone needing portable watercolors. It's equally as good when used at home or in class."
"Good quality watercolors in a compact package. Easy to take with you anywhere you go. Great for sketchbooks.
Buy one."
"It's small, but all the colors are there.  I love it.  The brush isn't ideal for me as I prefer a filbert, but it's better than other brushes of the same nature (water filled)."
"Works well with Derwent Inktense, which, if you haven't tried, you should - love them because once laid down, the ink doesn't move around when worked over."
"Great product for the price. My favorite is Holbein, but this is inexpensive and allows for large experimental pieces on a budget."
These are great quality brushes. Easy to travel or take to classes. I would recommend these brushes if you haven't tried them.
These watercolors are great for putting in my purse to travel with. Colors are wonderful and love the water brush that comes with it. Great for classes too.
"The kit seems heavy-duty and has a thick carrying case.
The area to hold your watercolor paper is smaller than I thought, but that isn't a big deal.

Don't throw away the black piece that you will find inside your water brush. Use it to be able to store the water brush inside the case after you use it.

Great product, will definitely buy again."
"This is by far the best addition to my art supplies in the past 10 years! I can't get over how compact, useful, and easy to use this set is. The clever brush pen eliminates the issue of my cats drinking/knocking over my paint-filled water basin (haha), and the tip is fine enough to add tiny watercolor details. The colors are excellent. If you are indecisive about buying it, just buy it! You will not be disappointed."
Great quality watercolors that are convenient for travel & quality projects. Ofcourse I started from Crayola so the upgrade was far more superior & has gotten me commissions on my works. Definitely a quality product to consider.
Great little system. Will buy again. It would be greatly to have refills for it. But I guess you can always use it with tube colors when it runs out.
Great for on the go.also great in teaching  children water control with water paints.  NO MESSY CLEAN-UP.GREAT INVENTION..I sure hope they last.
"These are a great buy for the beginner as well as more seasoned WC artist.
Bear in Mind that these more Asian based colors can be more opaque to translucent than British watercolors. they have a nice mate finish and come in the range of 18 colors in tubes for larger works
The palette is a nice range and number and the outside box is sturdy and very well designed. The flimsy plastic that holds the individual colors could use with some upgrading but then again it would only add to the weight and everyone, including me, who uses this for travel purposes would complain if it got heavier.
I gave these as C-presents this year and received coos of delight from the recipients.
The colors are intense and water-down well.
For my in home and studio practice I use the top tier watercolors but for a walk of the dog and a sudden painting moment this is great.  It fits in my should bag and with a 4 by 6 sketch book becomes an effective and fun way to sketch at a moment."
These are a good selection of good colors in a nice compact case for a very good price. It will come in handy outdoors.
"This is a super fun set to have on the go. Right now I like it because it allows me to set & clean up quick. I've got a little one, so art time & space is limited. I couldn't be happier with this."
"For being a student grade WC, these have really great pigment, they mix well, and they apply well. Until I win the Lottery and can afford Daniel Smith, Maimeri, Cotman or Holbein WC's, Sakura fits the bill (literally & Figuratively)."
Not bad for its price. Colors are bright and really pigmented. The best thing is the water brush that comes with it. Really convenient design and perfect for traveling.
"The watercolor is not the best quality,but it is work great anyway!
Very smart design, open a lot of possibility. I am using it everywhere. I like the result."
"Compact, has all the colors I wanted (and then some), vibrant pigments, great watercolor ""pen,"" multi position palette (also easy to clean), pop out thumb holder on the bottom.  Look no further!"
"I was very please with the set by Sakura. The colors are brilliant and good starter for price. And water brush that come with is wonderful. It great to go outside or sit in living painting with size be small. The colors true  and mix well together, So you can new ones."
"It's a very nice little kit and one that I use often.  My only 'complaint' would be that there was not identification of the colors included.  I had thought that there might be something included in the package insert.  However, I did find the chart on Sakura's website and printed out the chart naming the colors exactly as they are in the kit, and used double stick tape to tack it inside the lid.  The charts are available for the two different water color sets that Sakura makes.  The colors can be deceiving when you see them in their dry blocks because they don't look like they do 'painted', and some colors appear very similar, so having that chart in the lid is great.

I can't say enough good things about this set.  The colors are rich and intense, the kit is compact, and with the water brush included it's all that you need to get the job done."
"This is a wonderful brush, I use it with prismacolor watercolor pencils for most of my watercolor paintings. Very useful!"
This is a fantastic little set of watercolors. The colors have lots of pigment and are seriously just perfect. I had never used a water brush before I owned this. I LOVE it! So convenient and compact. Perfect!
"While the paint colors are very bright, they are very thin and will be used extremely quickly. This set is tiny. If a larger set is made, please consider purchasing a larger set."
"Size is most important factor for me. The actual length of this product is 6.3 inch, not 8 inch as described. The length of the package is 8 inch. So, I assume that 12 color product must be 1.5 inch shorter than described."
"Wow what a deal!  I was just browsing through the warehouse area of Amazon and came across these watercolors.  I had just purchased a set a while back...the exact set, boy a big price difference though.  I think these were around $9.00! What a steal!  The warehouse is an open box like area, things that got dinged on the outer box but were in working order.  These were  not even dinged, I thought that maybe the brush would be missing or a paint cracked.  Not one thing wrong that I could see, just a great price!"
This is a present of my wife who is an artist in drawing and painting. She considers that Sakura water colors are the best in the world and this one proves the fact.
I love this kit.  I have three field kits and this may be my favorite.  I love the brush that comes with it and there are more color choices and the little mixing pan that fits on the side allows for more color mixing options.
"try mix the pathalo blue and lemon yellow, or lots of other combinations, you will be surprise that mixing two colors will make some kind of precipitation, which I never found in my winsor & newtwon Cotman watercolor travel set..."
Excellent paint set; smooth texture and vibrant colors. Would defiantly but a larger set if they offered one. Will buy again and def. recommend.
"Nice brush compared to some of the others brands. I particularly like the clear body. I use these with color inks for quick painting on the go, so it is important to see what color is inside before I grab it. The ones with blue bodies are fine, but for my use, the aqua and blue bodies obscures the ink color. And the big aqua body ones are prone to dripping ink out, these don't. I plan to order more to create a larger range of non-drip easy to use colors."
Very nice quality colors. Used to use Windsor & Newton before I retired as professional artist and these colors are quality.
Very nice quality colors. Used to use Windsor & Newton before I retired as professional artist and these colors are quality.
Nice small tip with the ability to get small areas done without smear. I recommend for watercolor pencil people who need water in very small areas
"Works well, nice point, Water flows well.  I use it daily with watercolor pencils and it does the job well."
This is the perfect little set of watercolors for travel.  The handy water brush pen that comes with it is a great bonus and all you need to capture quick works.
My favorite watercolor set.  Colors are bold. The water brush is fabulous.  Still small enough to be very portable. Really great video tutorials on the company website.
"Works great with my water color pencils! Might want to wrap some bright tape around it, I lost it for over a month in my car hah!"
It is nice but the color boxes are smaller than I anticipated.  When putting a brush in one the colors run into each other.
This is an excellent quality product! It is  lots of fun to use! I have used it to paint birthday cards.
"I like this brush. The barrel that holds the water screws onto the brush in the opposite direction you'd expect, which helps to keep it from unscrewing when used by a right-handed person. The brush works well and gives a nice result, and it holds enough water to use for quite a while. There is a stopper so you can fill it with water and put it in your painting kit without fear of it leaking. My only complaint is that when you have water in the barrel with the stopper in, the brush part is a separate piece. It would be nice if they clicked together in some way, but that's not a huge complaint and it certainly doesn't impact the utility of this brush. Be advised the barrel is short and fat - I like the fatter barrel, and the short size allows it to fit in a tiny watercolor kit."
Great pigmentation and a very convinient packaging. These watercolors are perfect for artists on the go. The asrtment of colors is very good.
"I love this set! Best quality of watercolors I have ever used. The set is complete and extremely portable. I liked it so much I bought a set of regular sized tubes.
I highly recommend this wonderful product."
"A great little set of water colors. High quality paints at a great price, not as good as Windsor and newton or Dr. Martin's Watercolors. But KOI colors won't break the bank. An excellent range of transparent colors."
"The brush came quickly and in good shape. I find it rather disappointing. . It may be because I haven't been painting for very long. In any case, I get much better results painting with a normal watercolor brush."
"Once I figured out how to open this to fill it with water, I loved it! It stores water securely, and the tip nicely fine. Love it especially because it fits in my ""tiny"" watercolor palette."
Love this little palette! So easy to use and was especially surprised by the creaminess if the paint and beautiful vibrancy!  The brush that comes with it is such a convenience.  Bought one for my 9 year old granddaughter.
Great portable kit to use in the field or at home.  I'm really enjoying using it! I bought more assorted Niji waterbrushes to use with it.
"Koi watercolors are raved over by many art journal makers and urban sketchers, and they are pretty good for this use, however I wouldn't recommend them for actual watercolor painting.  The pan forms are actually dry cakes, not semi-moist pans, contain a lot of filler, and therefore tend to look chalky when dried.  The tube form is nicer, but they don't re-wet well when allowed to dry and subsequently used as pans.  They are cheap, and colorful and yes, I would recommend them for sketching and art journaling/mixed media work, but for true watercolor painting you can't get a better brand than Van Gogh...these beautiful student watercolors are almost impossible to distinguish from artists quality most of the time.  The only reason I keep buying them is that they are more readily available in places like Michaels and Hobby Lobby, and with the 40% off coupon make a good beginners purchase for students.  I purchased this tube set because I wanted to pour them into cheap palettes and make up some pan sets for my students and grandchild to use, however, I ended up buying some more Van Gogh a week later because I was so disappointed with the Koi."
Never painted with a water brush before and for travel and tight situations where I can't have an open water cup it's very convenient. Even works on a plane. The range of colors allows for blending to create a wide variety of values and hues. With some care I can use these to color in line drawings in most types of journals. Of course there is some warping but at least I don't have to travel with a watercolor journal in addition to my regular journal. Works well with the Moleskine drawing journal with its Bristol weight pages.
Other than the fact I can't seem to keep one of these around it works very nicely. Next time I'm going to tape a feather or old paint brush handle on it so perhaps I'll stop losing them.
I love my Koi Watercolors.  The case it great.  It is part of my watercolor travel kit.  I can take it any where.
I just wanted to try this little water brush on some of my newer paintings using ink and watercolor washes.  It is absolutely great for special effects in ink and wonderful when used with watercolours! You can get into some tight corners easily with this little brush.
It is easy to use. Love the colors. The brush is amazing.  If you like watercolor this is a must have (like right now lol)
Made just right for the Sakura field watercolor set.  I love the fact that you can fill the reservoir with water and the brush is ready to use.  The small brush is good for detail work.
Simple and ready to use.  Just fill the brush with water and you are good to go.  The colors are vibrant and easy to apply.  I love to use this set as well as the WN Cotman pocket set.
"Love this little Mobil painting package. I did not realize that it came with a new portable watercolor paint brush,"
"This is a great portable water color kit with a water brush included.  The colors are vibrant, and the case is small
and easy to use.  I would recommend this seller and this product."
"I bought one of these for myself and one for my brother, who has never lifted a brush unless it was to paint a house. Within minutes he was making beautiful washes and looking like a pro! I got him some other colors in another brand, but the colors weren't as deep or as flowing. The water-filled brush with it's little plug for travelling is a clever way to make you get them out a LOT more often, since you don't have to set up a workstation to play with them. I carry them around when on vacation, pop them out on the airplane, they are better than puzzle books for whiling away the time. Kids would love these too, I think, since the colors are so bold and flow so quickly. Print them out a coloring book page and watch them go! They definitely would improve the quality of your refrigerator art. Highly recommended."
Perfect size. Does not leak. Easy care. LOVE these! I would buy these over and over - but I think they will last a long time.
"I use for ""urban sketching"" - GREAT product. Does NOT leak. To clean it in the field, simply bring along a paper towel -squeeze & dab the brush onto the paper towel between colors & when finished - voila! clean brush."
"This works really well and is a great addition to the medium and large size brushes.  It is perfect for traveling or working outside and the best thing is that the bristles on the brush are of good quality that holds it shape.  I do a lot of watercolors and wanted something I could take traveling so my regular brushes wouldn't get ruined.  Plus they hold the water!  I was concerned about the cleaning of the bristles with color changes, but if you follow the directions it is not a problem."
"This brush was the perfect addition to my other two sizes.  I use these when I travel, I found they hold up well and get the job done.  The bristles hold their shape and the water dispenses perfectly, from just a little, with a light pressure, to more liquid with a stronger pressure.  Very pleased!"
"Purchased under the japanese brand of this. Same case, same paints from the looks of the photo. Very convenient.
Something great would be to sell insets of the item separately for those who don`t need a new case, and I know there are other brands which have individual pans available for sale for when certain colors yet used up, but I don`t see any reason why not just squeeze tube paint in the convenient little spaces once a color is used up. Otherwise, great and motivating to get me outside and sketching, coloring on the go!"
My fav <3 Had this for so many years now!
"Perfect for the little girl it went to and she enjoyed it.
There is a bit of  knack to using it, but that only makes it more enjoyable when it's mastered.
Looks grown- up and works like a charm.
Definitely a success !"
"Love the colors.  They are brilliant, with a wonderful variety. There is excellent mixing space in a nice light weight compact palette."
"I bought this pen as a replacement for the pen that came with my  Koi Sakura watercolor set- my parrot ate it for lunch. The pen that came with that set was great. This is the same quality, but the barrel is about a thrid smaller at least. Its shorter than most pens so it's a bit awkward. I'm pretty disappointed in the size. I wish I could just buy another barrel!"
"I bought this pen as a replacement for the pen that came with my  Koi Sakura watercolor set- my parrot ate it for lunch. The pen that came with that set was great. This is the same quality, but the barrel is about a thrid smaller at least. Its shorter than most pens so it's a bit awkward. I'm pretty disappointed in the size. I wish I could just buy another barrel!"
"Go this paint for a firend who loves painting and she loved em, said that this is is expensive amd the quality is great."
"The most compact and easy to carry water brush design.  5"" long with a good water reservoir and fine point.  Can be carried in two sections of about 3"" each."
"I'm going to stick with my Faber-Castell or Niji brands. I thought I got a bunch of defective brushes at first because I could not get the 2 parts together. I soon realized you have to screw them together COUNTER-clockwise. The bristles are very long which can be difficult for certain applications. The real problem came in when the reservoir got low. Nothing would come out even though there was quite a bit of color left in the barrel. It took forever to clean the barrel completely. I will definitely be using these for water only! I'll use my other brands, especially the F-C, for colors."
I can't put to words of how great this thing is. I have soooo many colors to choose from. I mean the pigment of it is pretty amazing. Its super opaque if you brush it lightly on it and put it instantly on paper. However it has a different quality compared to winsor & newtons field set. The colors mix together nicely and like i said before the colors are great. The brush I can't explain how easy and amazing it is. The sponges on the side are useful but I don't use them that often. The palette that goes along side it is convenient too. So if you're looking for something moderately cheap with a lot of accessories and colors then this is for you! But if you're looking for better quality colors that just scream beauty then maybe try another brand.
"This is the best little watercolor travel palette! The setup is terrific -- the little case opens up to reveal 24 pans of watercolor paint, two little sponges, one on each side of the palette, a small mixing palette that attaches to the side of the case, and a holder for a small pad of watercolor paper. The set includes a clever watercolor brush with a water well that unscrews so it can be filled with water. The paint colors are bright and vibrant, unlike most pan paints, and are highly resistant to fading. This is really the only paint set I need to bring on vacation - it packs away easily and is lightweight, plus fun and satisfying to use, so I don't feel I'm compromising on the quality of my work while I'm away."
"Great set for traveling. Sort of a compromise. Lots of colors, but teensy weensy pans. Probably not great if you're wishing to do larger paintings. You'd certainly need a larger brush. That said, I enjoy working small with this little set and am finding I take it with me or even leave it in my car. The mixing pans are decent size and the waterbrush is wonderful. A great value for the price."
"This is honestly one of the best purchases I've made for my art supplies. This kit has a great choice of colors, they are bright and vibrant. Having so many colors makes it nicer to not have to constantly mix your colors.
The removable palette is so convenient, it makes mixing colors so easy and the sponges help to clean off the water brush (which is amazing) in a rush. I can just keep the colors I've made before in the palette and use them another time. Plus, cleaning it is easy - just wipe it down with a wet rag or paper towel.
The size is perfect for whipping out any time, I carry it in my purse nearly all the time. Clean up is so easy because everything stays in the kit - no water containers, no massive amounts of paper towels, no brushes laying around.... It's perfect!
The water brush is so nice, it's definitely a great plus to this set. Just make sure to always put clean water in it!
All of my artist friends who have seen this have instantly loved it, so I would definitely recommend it to any artist. It really makes a perfect gift, too.

By the way - I have seen this same watercolor set on other sites for a higher price. Definitely buy it here, it's cheaper and so worth the price!"
My husband use this brush to watercolor his sketches on site. It's very practical although sometimes it leaks a little.
"Update January 2014:  I've purchased two additional Koi 24 color field sketch boxes and given them as gifts (along with a watercolor paper pad) and the recipients were absolutely thrilled!  I even received an original watercolor thank you note painted with a Koi sketch box that I treasure.

I purchased the Koi 24 color field sketch boxes for myself and a friend  and both of us could not be happier.  The sketch boxes were delivered last Friday, as advertised, and we headed out on a day trip to Salado, TX  the next morning to try them out.  We had a wonderful time and thoroughly enjoyed creating our journaling pages.  The Koi Field Sketch Boxes rocked and we painted for hours without having to refill our watercolor paint brushes that came with the kit.  There is a good variety of highly pigmented colors that worked well alone and mixed.  I highly recommend this product.."
I seen this on a blog that the lady does alot of art journaling and she mentions this product. I am so happy I picked it up. I really am enjoying the product. Nothing negative to say.
"I have just started water coloring this year. I bought a tube set of watercolors first, and then this one to tote around with me. I just love using this pan set whenever I go out. The water pen is GENIUS! Im thinking about getting the small one too, as the only thing that hinders me when Im out and about painting is the brush is not great for details. I would definitely recommend this product to others. At least those starting out, as I have no idea what the difference between really expensive paints and this set are.

I usually make a huge mess water coloring at home, but I don't even think about set up when I am going out. I just grab my set and notebook (moleskin) and a bottle of water and Im off! It all fits in my purse or a small backpack."
I can slip this into my purse with a pad of paper and paint in any location.  Since there are so many colors available I don't have to spend a lot of time mixing paint.
I bought this watercolour set to take with me when I travel overseas for my holidays or I'm out and about.
I'm a sumi-e artist and consider this w/c to be one of my best tools in my work. A very affordable price will always be a call to order.
"I'm just a beginner. I bought it for a vacation so I can draw and paint when I stay at the hotel. It's very easy to carry with me. The size of it is the same as my notebook. So when I write my note and drawing, painting, I can do it on a coffee table without a problem. The color is thick and also bright. The brush is working well, just one water load I can draw so many times.
I really recommend it."
"I am a cinematographer for Discovery Channel. I primarily shoot time lapses of sun sets and sun rises and this little watercolor set is really easy to throw in my bag when I leave for the day. The brush is brilliant for me because I am always around sensitive electronics and I do not need to worry about spilling large glasses of water all over my stuff! The colors apply well and are not cheap muted colors.

I would recommend this to anyone who wants to add some dimension to their travel work. Great product and I will be buying more from them in the future!!"
"Though I am still learning the technique of watercolor, I am completely in love with watercolor, especially after using these :)

I usually trust the Sakura brand so I really didn't have doubts. It mixes amazingly with prismacolor watercolor pencils :)"
"I needed something to pack for a plane trip or plein air painting.  This holds water longer than I expected and works great. Small, compact, and effective with water color pencil for a mess-free painting session."
"Hello everyone,

I must say this kit is very useful. I've never seen a brush like this before it is very handy because you all you have to do is squeeze to get some water onto your brush. The kit is also very nice because you can just slip it into a back pack or something and use it wherever and since you already have water in your brush you are good to go."
"The set is small enough to live up to it's ""field"" name. It is designed for travel and efficiency. I like that part of it. The pen brush is a bit annoying due to the thread direction (opposite of what you would intuitively do). The colors range is decent, but due to its ""fieldiness"" they are packed in like sardines. Super cute though.

Overall great to send a kid on their way and be entertained for fifteen minutes so you can have a decent cup of coffee or take a shower, or to use while, well, traveling!"
"Although I have at least three different sets of water colors already, the depth and vitality of these colors convinced me I had to have a set of tube colors from this company as well.  (Being shipped to me now..yippee!)

This little container is so cute and perfect for taking out on a hike or trip to do little pictures.  The inside of the lid can hold a tiny canvas and I love the little pallet that fits inside for mixing colors.  I can think of nothing bad about his product. Would recommend it to everyone."
The first time I used these was to create a gift for a friend of mine that was going in for surgery. The result was great and the watercolors created a beautiful piece of art full of color. I continue to use them for multiple projects and they continue to perform exemplary. I definitely recommend these!
I bought this thinking it would be great for doing watercolor on the go and turned out not liking the way it worked. Since then I have begun playing with other techniques and have found that this brush is perfect for using with my liquid ink pens to create a watercolor type effect and the pens are so much easier to travel with than the watercolors! I am thinking I need to get a couple more of these since my daughter is now playing with my art stuff as well.
for my eleven year old grandson. He is no Monet. (More like a Jackson Pollock. Ha.)  But they are a good quality and at a reasonable price.
"The colors are so vibrant and intense! There's a good selection of colors, though I would have liked to have a bright orange and at least one more violet/purple. But that's just me being lazy, because any color you can imagine can be mixed with the ones provided. These watercolors feel luxurious, I'm very glad I bought them :)"
"My daughter is taking private classes from an established local artist and she suggested these water colors.

They really are vibrant colors and an easy palette to work with."
"this is a very cute kit where you feel happy when using this.
Also the design is nice you have the willing to go outside and justt paint."
"I've had many different watercolor sets, from cheap to expensive. This is a great deal. The colors are beautiful and the water brush that comes with the set is very useful."
Great and convenient for painting on the go! Best thing ever. I'm so happy I bought it. Great paints and colors
"It's okay, does the job. A little smaller than I expected and the plastic is squishy, expected something more sturdy."
"color is very beautiful and the pen inside is good to uise, I love this product. just hope it could be more smaller"
"My Husband and Daugher got this fir me for Mother's Day and I really really like it!  The colors are pure and vibrant the water brush is great and I can carry this with me in my purse and have a quick access to doing art on the go.

I've used Koi water colors before in the tube and didn't like them as much as the half pans in the Field set.
Well designed, very compact.

The only criticism I have is the little plug that fits in the water pen to keep the water in,  has no place to go after you pull it out and screw on the brush tip.
This is an easy to lose piece that should have a little dock or snap pin on the kit to keep it safe until you break apart the water brush and replace the plug.
I had been just holding it in my mouth and almost swallowed it a couple of times.  HA!  Now I keep a piece of blue painters tape in the lid and secure it."
This is a great set of colors with a portable water tube and brush.  I even enjoy using it in my studio for a quick change up of colors to my larger pallet.  Hope you enjoy it too.
"This works as advertized, and is nice to have always replenished water without dipping.
For travelling, it's great, you can do quick sketches with watercolor without a water cup."
"love for ease of travel, I love the selection of colors, the pant pen works great to, surprized it does not leak."
I love the convenience of the small portable size and the trays to mix the paints and water.  The brush is interesting and easy to use and the colors work smoothly on all my painting projects.
"Love this watercolor set! Its perfect for travelling and fits right into my bag. I take it everywhere. The colors are good too, and the brush is genius. I definitly recommend it."
"This is probably one of the best--if not the absolute best--watercolour set I've ever used.  The colours are vibrant and last rather long despite being small.  The selection of colours is broad, and of course you can always blend if a different shade or hue is needed.  The size is just right for field use and the case is rather sturdy.  There really aren't any major flaws that I noticed with this set."
"It's a great kit and fun as a starter. I would recommend getting the 24 color one though instead, I have that one too and for more color but the same size it makes more sense to me."
I keep this brush with me everywhere I go. It don't leek and only releases water when I want it to.
I bought this set after seeing so many people on YouTube use it and brag about it. They were right. The brightest most I tense color in pan watercolor and easy to take with me.
"This little Koi Watercolor Set is absolutely the cat's meow! Such a delight to take anywhere and paint with no fuss, no muss.  The water-fill pen is a blessing and the whole design of the case is made to encourage easy traveling and fun . . . anytime . . . anywhere.  The colors are vibrant too. I love it!"
Recommended for people who are new to watercolour. 24 colours are enough for beginners. The box is compact and very convenience to use outdoor painting.
"Purchased this as my first portable watercolor set. The colors are not highly saturated, but they are decent enough compared to some of the other sets in the same price range. The portability and convenience of this set outweighs the paints not being very saturated. Once the paints are gone, I will probably reuse the kit as a portable palette.

Pros:
o Very affordable
o Features a good amount of colors
o Compact and easy to carry - can be tucked into a pocket or bag
o Great for a quick watercolor project
o Can be used almost anywhere and quickly tucked away

Cons:
o Watercolor brush is a little flimsy - breaks quickly (mine broke after a few uses - to use it I have to jiggle the brush a few times for more water)
o Using the lid as an easel is a little awkward and not all postcard size paper fits well"
"Set is perfect-brush holds its own water supply. Loads of colors and shades.  It all fits together nicely, and is so lightweight.  Nice mixing tray, too."
"I bought this small set planning to use it on a trip for a sketch book.  Honestly did not find time so I wish I'd gotten the bigger set as it's got really lovely colors and a larger brush-still, this is very small, light and cute.  Nice colors except would a have eliminated black and white."
"I had previously purchased a 24 pan sketch box by Sakura and though I enjoyed the colors and paint quality, I hated all I had to go through to activate a large amount of paint.  I gave the box to my daughter an bought these for myself.  I love them!  One of my favorite art supply purchases yet.  The colors are vivid and fun, and the paints are affordable.  I'm having a blast with these paints.  I love that they are AP certified non-toxic, so if my kiddos get into them they are safe.  And if I stick my brush in my mouth (which I catch myself doing sometimes) I don't have to worry about any crazy chemicals or metals in my system."
Compact and easy to carry in a backpack. Colors are very concentrated and the mixing palette adjusts to whatever position is most comfortable for you. The water brush is so cool and easy to use... wish we could buy these in different brush styles!
I was pleasantly surprised at how nice this painting set is engineered.  Everything is well organized and the paints are very concentrated and will last for a while.  Really good to take away and do some quick watercolors.  I am only going with 4 stars for one reason...the water brush.  It's ok if you are really stuck but I clipped the end off of an extra brush I use and put it in the set.  Much better toting a little water bottle and a good brush.  Love the set itself though.  Small but functional.
"This is a well made watercolor field sketch kit. Compact & lightweight. Best price is here (24 colors!). The brush that comes with the kit is perfect. Some of the colors are not quite as vibrant as my tube colors, but this is to be expected. I put a few of my tube colors on the removable mixing tray, and now they are available when I want to use them with these colors. However, this kit does have a wonderful variety of colors, so you don't really need to add anything. Highly recommended if you are looking for a travel size kit."
"I was eager to receive this because a fellow artist had recommended it to me and I was not at all disappointed. I tested it out today and the colours are rich and not at all chalky like some kits; it's also no bigger than the size of your average shoe in length, not to mention lighter and more compact as well!~
All in all, I can't wait to take it out with me when I go painting by the ocean! c:"
"Put together an art bag for my trip to Hawaii and was either going to lug along multiple tubes of paint, risk the ooze factor or purchase a travel kit.

This set offered everything thing I needed in a compact size. Color section is very good, functionality very good, clean up easy. I had three water brushes so the one included didn't get used. Portions of The solid cake type pigments were easily distributed to the provided mixing tray which attaches to the travel case edge while in use.  The economy of space this product has allowed painting on the jet ride over!

Would recommend whole heartedly for traveling and field work!

James"
I draw small pen drawings and watercolor.  This kit is just perfect for the task.  Neat and easy to use when coloring small areas without the need of special watercolor paper as I use very little water..
I love the brush and the extra plate with it very nice. I will buy more when i need it!
This paint is working fine for me and was a wonderful price.  I would buy again without a second thought.
these are awesome.  they were so reasonably priced considering how good they are. i  don't use it as a travel paintbox though i could if i wanted to. i haven't gone anywhere since getting them.. they are my working watercolors now. the colors are great. the box takes up little space and can stack up with other things on my table. i love the water brush and use it almost exclusively now. the paints are great quality and the colors are wonderful. mixing colors is easy. i am very happily satisfied with this set and when replacement time comes i will get more of the same.
"This paint set is just as described by another customer. Fabulous colours, great palette overall.
I am really LOVING using these every morning. The plastic palette design is well thought out. The brush
included in the price is a great bonus. Thanks for the great service and the great price. I hope I can buy refills for when these are used up."
"I am no artist.  Never taken a class or tried to paint.  But after watching some Youtube vids I decided to try this with some Koi Brush Pens.

The Water Brush seems to actually be bristles joined at the tip... odd but effective.  My pen is flowing very well... a delicate touch is needed.

I have to admit I have not practiced much with this as I don't KNOW WHAT THE HELL I'M DOING, but I laid down a line of blue in a drawing using a Koi marker on a palette and picking up the tiniest bit with the tip of the Koi water brush, and the effect is stunning!!  Scared to do more..."
"I'm one who always carries a small sketchbook in my back pocket, along with a small modified Altoids case to hold my watercolors. This brush was a slight downsize compared to the larger 8ml counter part and even comes with a plug to separate the tip and reservoir. I love this waterbrush, it's now part of my daily arsenal"
"I've been having these for several years, and they never failed me. I always carry it in a pocket of my bag, with several watercolor bars. Whenever I feel like painting, I do :-)"
I tried out the water brush idea by buying this little brush. It did everything it claims and was VERY convenient to carry around because of it's small size. It was actually too small for what I needed so I bought the larger sizes and I love them. You can easily clean these little brushes on a paper towel to switch paint colors and they are great if you journal with watercolor pencils. 4mls is a tiny amount of water so you may want more than one size brush.
"+
Clean
Easy
Good for beginners

-
None that I can think of!

Would be great as a gift for friends or family who enjoy drawing or painting!! Or for yourself!"
"The water brush are amazing, but you need in different sizes. To carry anywhere. A simple idea but I can't stop of using with my new Koi watercolors."
"I'm so happy with my new Koi watercolors, their bright and colorfull. I'm starting to draw again after many years and this water colors are the best (is my first time with watercolors and is so easy). Are simple to use and carry. They need a thick paper (ideal), but in some regular is still good. And the waterbrush is amazing!!! My best purchase in many time."
"While there's a learning curve for getting the water to the brush (at least there was for me......gad!), this is still a wonderfully useful product. It is is now my go-to brush."
"The product came faster than I though it would and met my expectations, was excellent quality, nothing wrong with it."
"Let me start by saying that I am not the artist in the family - far from it infact.  Mom loves to bring sketch books and her watercolor set with her when we wander around the parks and botanical garden.  So, I was looking for one small gift and alas - this looked adorable.  Well, I did a bit too well.  Mom already has this, and it is her favorite so now she has a back-up.  She loves the quality of the paints, and the portability."
This paint lays down very nice and has a real rich color. I am very pleased with this product and will be buying again.
"Love the colors, love the brush, so portable... i cannot be without it! Awesome if you wanna start out with watercolors :)"
"I was able to get it when it was a dollar cheaper than usual. The colors are vibrant and the water brush is very versatile and compliant. However i don't find the sponges useful.

My favorite part of this is that we have two black cubes, and the color is just so intense!"
"the first water brush I had wore out because I used it so much--I wanted a replacement that would keep its point so as not to have to change brushes frequently.  I chose the ""medium"" and was not disappointed in the point I could get with the nylon bristles.  Although this is not a ""natural"" bristle brush, it doesn't matter because I use it  for water based pencil, not water color.  The best feature is how useable it is in a small space--no separate container of water necessary.  The only downside is I'd like to see the water flow go through the brush, not around it."
"Very portable, self-contained reservoir.  Enjoy the watercolors,excellent tool for field naturalists. Landscapes and wild flowers are favorite subjects. Will use this when I go on tramps in the pastures."
enjoyed the series very much. do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do ok
I thought it came with paper too!! It is smaller than I thought... Oh well. I need to read what is really offered!
"saw it on James Gurneys site and ha dto get one. i love the tray and its a nice compact, a bit pricey but glad I got this one"
fast shipping! the product is nice and I love it a lot!! nice brush and nice color! great design! fit in my purse
I am an artist and thought well I would try these paints for the price. Really do not like how they go on or look after drying
I had a small water brush but this medium is a tad bigger...a perfect addition to my set.  Thank you.
"Small and portable, but has all you need. Colors cakes seem more than enough to create beautiful compositions. And the brush is a very clever addition!"
I love this sketch set it is amazing.  A great take along time filler.  Love the water filled brushes and the entertainment factor.
"love these brushes take them anywhere, wish I had found them years ago, I bought several different sizes to take with me."
"I love this kit. It is compact, but full of colors and features!
The mixing tray can be held to either side, or downward, and it's pegs will hold it steady for gentle mixing.
The lid stays up nicely and makes for a nice mini-easel. It could be a tiny bit better if there were a tab of some sort to hold a small paper there.
There is a small ring on the bottom, which can fold out, and be used to hold the entire kit steady in hand if you don't have a table available.
The brush has a removable tip to make it fit in the kit, and includes a small, flat plug that will keep water in the brush, even when the brush is disassembled.

I simply cannot find a thing wrong with this watercolor kit."
"For plein air watercolor sketches it saves having to find or tote water.  Inside it works wonders on watercolor pencil paintings.  No rinsing is necessary when when go from one color to another, just wipe on paper towel before new color.  Very convenient and the water lasts a long time."
These pens are the greatest things to take plein air painting.  You can fill them with water and avoid having to constantly dip in a messy water cup.  They come in several sizes and allow you to paint undisturbed for quite awhile before refilling them.
"I'm not a huge water color painter, but this set really sparked my creativity. I love that it comes with a brush that holds water securely. You can paint on the go without worrying about making a mess."
"The paints are nice. The white is nicely opaque on its own and mixes well with the others.
I was unsure of how to use the waterbrush at first, but found it easy once I figured it out. The sponges on the sides are wonderful for cleaning the brush."
A cute little portable water color set.  I am using mine to make art journal pages.  Very nice vibrant colors.
"I'm very new to watercolor painting, and I'm so glad I found these. The colors are beautiful and intense. The kit is very sturdy and well made. I'm so happy I spent a little more for these - I think I'll be enjoying them for a very long time."
The water flow isn't consistent on this brush and seems that there is either none or a flood of water.
"good colors - well worth the price.  (word, word, word, word, word, word, word, word, word, word, word, word, word)"
"THESE GIVE A NICE PIGMENT TO WORK WITH. THE COLORS FLOW SMOOTH, AND ONLY GO WHERE I WET THE SURFACE OF MY WATER COLOR PAPERS AND CARD STOCK. MIX WELL."
"Very convienient packaging,excellent watercolors,would be ideal for beginers or more experienced painters,the brush/water bottle is a great way to take with you on field trips"
"I got this set for small projects like a travel journal. There is a smaller kit with 6 colors that I was going to get for it's size but I'm glad I have this 24 piece. It's still fairly small. I chose for more colors over the slight bulk. This set meets my expectations so far. I thought the water brush would be mediocre but to my surprise it works great. No leaks and it washes clean easily. Good quality pigments and the 24 colors are easy for me to work with and return to after drying. Most importantly, the plastic feels sturdy. It closes and opens smoothly but it may open with the way I carry my bag. I'd probably use a rubber band to secure it and prefer this than to having a case that's hard to open. I had one before that end up cracking and breaking the plastic. It's my second day with it and I'm still painting--that's a good sign."
"perfect watercolor kit for travel, the colors are intense and the packaging itself is so useful and versatile.  I love the watercolor pen, I will buy this product again."
"This compact little set-up is so much fun! It is perfect for getting down some quick studies without hauling out the more serious gear. It seems to me that a lot of thought went into what to include with its design: I love the little sponges on the side for cleaning the brush and there are a ton of separated areas on the palette to work up washes. There's also a thumb ring for a better grip in the field. Don't get me wrong, it is plastic and possibly not the quality of plastic you'd find in a Windsor Newton kit but I am very easy on my stuff and I expect it to last quick a while. For the price, I'd definitely purchase it again or for a gift."
"I don't really prefer the brush pen, but the watercolors themselves are very nice, I purchased some traditional brushes for the set and I'm very happy with it. The watercolor set itself is very portable, I might post some comparison pictures later if there aren't any already."
"I draw watercolor scenic little girl. Always enjoy paint my feel on paper.
I was wonder how good of this kit, and how draw all the colors I want with one brush.
But, after use it, I full in love the amazing brush.
Water will keep out brush and let color become lighter, foggy, and it a way make sketch pretty.
The box is good quality, easy store. The built-in finger ring is sweet design, too.
Good thing, I love it!"
"I gave five star for this product as it is the best quality. You can tell by its price that it is one of the best watercolour paint sets to use, it is not just any ordinary run of the mill watercolour. The paint flows easily when mixed with water, and when only a small bit of water, it produced a beautiful matt effect.

It comes with a water fillable pen brush that is worth using, and it is worth investing in different sizes of these watercolour pen brushes (usually can be found on here Amazon or on ebay as they are usually not found in art shops! Well not in Australia anyway).

Its size is amazing! I found I can fit it in any travel bag to take away with me anywhere I go. I also like the way the lid opens out, hinged on, and it has a removable pallet you can use to mix colours and it has sponges on either side of the watercolour square set, which is helpful for drying the brush or getting rid of excess water/paint.

The more amazing and notable point I will make here is that you can use the paint many times before it runs out, as you don't need a lot to cover a section, a quarter of a page as the colour is so thick that you can use only a bit and spread by water and thin out the colour, then add layers of the colour over and over and still have so much paint left. It's a versatile set worth buying for any artist particularly watercolourists, professional or beginner. I would say it is more a professional level watercolour but anyone of any level can use it.

Last note - it is a good value for your money and if you want to see some of my works I used using this product, then visit my art page at [...] - its the most recent lot of artworks posted on my webpage that have used this beautiful watercolour set"
This is by far my favorite watercolor travel set. Comes with a travel water brush and sponges along the side to clean your brush off between colors. The colors are beautiful and very well pigmented.
"I am new to watercolor painting and I wanted a small unit to play with that was not too expensive.  This kit fit the bill.  It was not a student set, the lid makes a nice mixing pallet and the enclosed waterbrush is easy to take with you and use.  I like the included colors.  They are rich and seem to cover the bases.  The only thing that I have not found a use for is the included sponge.  I use a small cloth to clean my waterbrush instead.  It is a minor detail however."
"I wanted to try my hand at watercolors for the first time. I wasn't sure what to get or how much I would need to spend.
I found these and decided to give it a shot since most of the reviews seemed positive and it comes with a super neat watercolor brush (a nylon synthetic tip with a squeeze bottle design for wetting the brush tip.) When it arrived I tried it right away on some decent watercolor paper to get a feel for it. After a while of messing around I find I'm pretty comfortable with this set. There are plenty of colors to use for life drawing, landscapes, and even cartoons and comics. The tray is handy for mixing colors and it's compact so it won't obstruct your drawing space too much. I highly recommend this set for newcomers to the ways of watercolor and for current painters that want a kit to bring out and about."
"Product is just as described. Very useful to me.
Product is wonderful for very fine line work and details, a must have for those who enjoy watercolor."
Beautiful colors and very handy to use.  I did not like the brush & don't use it.  (I really did try it but just did not like it.
"I received this as a Christmas gift and just about jumped with joy. I've been dying to try it out. One day later and I can't stop using it! Excellent quality paints, beautiful selection of colors and SO handy!

I'm pretty lazy when it comes to clean up, etc and this appeals to that side of me too. It really is just pack, go and paint with no mess. I really couldn't be any happier."
"How convenient is this!!! Great colores, very dense pigment. I carry it everywhere. Just wish it came with a larger place for short brushes."
I know this is a travel kit but it was much smaller than I thought it would be for the price.  Disappointed.
"Great kit!  I teach a drop-in sketching class in Mendocino every week and use a 12-color Koi set similar to this, and thought I'd get myself a larger one for an important trip I was taking to Maine.  This sketch kit was terrific and it was fun using 12 colors that I had previously been mixing myself.  If I had a complaint it would be that I really didn't need this many colors, but if you're not into mixing, it's great.  The palette is clever and functional, the brush worked perfectly, and the little sponges were very handy.  Every artist should never leave home without this (or any) field paintbox."
Lots of colors.  The size is perfect for travel. I use it all the time.  A perfect gift for any artist.
"Actually I bought it a year ago and re-ordered it for my friend's request..
Sakura Koi is the best field sketch set for a watercolor-starter.. (I don't wanna recommend it for professinal artists)
For the best coloring, u need a thin brush too... ^^"
"Not only do you get 24 instead of the usual 6 colors - the set comes with a water brush. The brush needs to be disassembled for storage in the case, but it comes with a stopper to keep the water in the pen even during storage. The removable tray can be mounted into holes on either side of the case (great for lefties and righties) for a stable additional color mixing surface. Plastic is sturdy and does not bend. Postcard-sized. Will travel everywhere with me.

Exceeded my expectations. Excellent value. Superfast shipping with Amazon Prime."
"Great little package! Those water pens are normally $5-9 by themselves, and high quality watercolor cakes are hard to find, especially in such a cute little bundle. Love it."
The water brush is OK and the paint is excellent. I carry this around in my purse for when muse strikes.
"When I first started I was so intimidated by huge watercolor sets. This complete, but not-overwheming set is perfect for accomplished painters wanting something mobile as well as fantastic for anyone wanting to start making art.

In fact it'd be a lovely Hanukkah or Ramadan gift or Christmas stocking stuffer."
I love this little kit. Colors are nice and rich. Plus it's a great little travel set. Perfect to just throw in your bag. I also like the water pen. I use mine all the time.
"product is amazing and with 24 different colors..I love the water brush..it helps to control the water flow.
Amazing Product!!
http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001OVG40E/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_title"
"I love this brush, it is so small it fits anywhere. It's perfect if you do not wish to carry normal size brushes."
"I'm fairly new to painting and watercolor but I wanted a field palette with plenty of color choice and convenience of travel and this is it. The colors are vibrant and blend well and the design of the box itself it just perfect. The brush is easy to use and drips out the perfect amount of water. Most days I throw my Sakura watercolor field sketch set and my Moleskine watercolor notebook in my bag and I have all I need for some artistic expression. I highly recommend to beginners, pros, and those who love to do art or travel journals. Great buy!"
"Great idea with water brush in kit.  Lots of colors, but not the same nor exact colors that I use from a tube. I tried it once.  I will have to try it again.  I got it for traveling.  I have several different travel palettes.  Two of my simple palettes with larger pans and only a few colors are my favor.  The pans are too close to each other.  I will have to work on smaller paintings with a smaller brush. I thought it was a good idea at the time.  I would recommend a different palette with large and fewer pans, about 6 to 8 colors."
I already have one Sakura Koi watercolor brush and liked it so much I decided to purchase another for my travel kit!
"I normally don't like pan watercolors, but this is a very nice and portable set. I can set up almost anywhere to paint, and then close it and go."
Love this traveling set.  Small enough to fit in small bag or purse and everything you need is there.  Love that the brush comes apart to fit in the kit.
I was very impressed with the vibrancy of the Sakura colors when I used them in my Watercolor Moleskine.  I was equally pleased to find that I was able to write in pen/ marker on top of it.  I do a lot of journaling/art journaling and it is a pleasure to mix my media w/o the concern of losing the beauty of one medium for another.  I am thoroughly satisfied with the affordability and quality of this product.
"I ordered this hoping it would be a quality product to do a little painting while I am  on the beaches here in Honolulu.  I tried it out right away and was totally pleased with the results.  The little water-tube paintbrush that comes with it worked terrifically and the colors were vibrant and lasting.  What a joy this little ""on the go"" paint kit is!  Kimo Kennedy  Honolulu, Hawaii"
"I LOVE this little kit! It's perfectly sized and so convenient. The kit has a good weight to it, the paints are highly pigmented, and the water brush is genius! You may want to invest in a few other water brushes to go with this, the one that is included is excellent but is not large enough for washes."
I'm extremely pleased with my Sakura watercolor set. The color selection is great & vibrant & I'm loving the included waterbrush. The unit is so compact & easy to use. This will be the easiest packing you'll ever do when you take vacation. Anyone interested in buying...don't hesitate. A real teasure.
"I bought this great product to enhance my watercolor skills, and it is absolutely perfect. The colors are very pigmented, the case is fantastic for throwing in your bag and painting on the go, and the watercolor pen/brush is amazing for coloring quick sketches. This item is a good bargain for the price. I'd definitely recommend it, and I'll absolutely re-purchase when mine runs out."
"I love this brush so much I have ordered the flat Niji one - great for washes and a larger one that I just recieved today and haven't had a chance to try. The small is perfect for detail and it holds it shape and has great snap. Control is by squeezing the sides of the brush handle to get more water, the learning curve is minutes. I took most of my other travel watercolor brushed out of my travel kit as I end up using these for everything. I'm getting a medium next than I'll have the whole set. Love them!<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Koi-WaterBrush-Large/dp/B0015AUWMU/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Koi WaterBrush Large</a>"
"They shipped super quickly and was packaged well! The watercolors are amazing, and love the color choice! They are easy to use and worth the price!"
"I bought this for my mom and she seems to love it.  She carries it in her purse and paints while waiting for... just about anything.  She sent me a little picture she made and it was so good I didn't believe she had painted it, she said she didn't realize how much good paint made all the difference."
"This is a fantastic little paint kit for all ages, with little to no cleanup! Kids can paint in the car on long road trips, and make their own travel postcards. Small enough to fit in my purse, the set goes along with us everywhere!"
"Love this set, the colors are beautiful, and the case is....sorry, there's no other word for it....SQUEE!!!!  It has a lift out tray that serves as a move-able palette, and a nice waterbrush, as well as two sponges.  During my first experiments with the included waterbrush/pen, I didn't take to it so much since my past watercolor experience is doing broad washes with a cheap kindergarten grade box of LC paints as a background for colored pencil or ink, but it's perfect for settling down and doing little sketches.  I'm in awe of the simple ingenuity of the lift out palette tray (yes, I am easy to impress), and the lid serves to hold small working pieces - although I've been using it to hold a small sheet of paper with paint swatches for easy reference.  During my ""I want to learn how to really paint with watercolor"" fit, I also ordered the small Windsor Newton Cotman field palette, and the colors for this one are a little brighter and intense, which I'm still too much of a technical beginner to know for sure if this is a plus or minus.  I picked this as a frugal starter set to learn new skills, and it's going to work beautifully for that.  I did a large-ish 11x14 piece this weekend, and the pans aren't even level yet, so don't dismiss this as just a travel kit.  I'd recommend it for anyone starting to dabble in watercolor.  I'm not 100% about the toxicity, but I'd imagine these colors are all hues and should be safe for children"
"I love, love this watercolor travel kit by Sakura. So affordable and definitely worth the money. I got back into sketching because this was really fun and easy to use, and it fits into my purse. Now I do some watercolor journaling on occasion.

There are 12 and 18-color kits but honestly, unless size is a factor, I would go for the 24-color one. Then buy a watercolor sketchbook, slip in a paper towel and you're set to paint on the go! Just don't cheapen out on the paper or it'll be a waste of this little gem. I even bought a kit for a friend because she loved mine when she saw it."
"I own both this set and the smallest 12 color set.  I prefer the smaller set for it's deck-of-cards size, but I really like to have the tray from this larger set.  The 24 color set is much larger, but not so large that it impedes travel bag packing.  The 12 color set and a small moleskine watercolor pad will fit in two back pockets.  You won't be able to do that with this set.

The tray makes mixing a variety of colors easy, without having to clean up to switch colors.  I also appreciate the additional colors, although it's almost overkill.  The pigments are nicely saturated for a beginner set, better than many others I've seen, and the waterpen is excellent.  I prefer the Pentel pen only because it is slightly smoother and softer to squeeze, but the stock pen delivers everything you'd really need.

Problems and solutions:
* The lid will not stay upright to hold my notebook as an easel.  To solve this, I used the end of an old paintbrush to prevent the lid from opening completely.  You could also put a dot of hot-glue on the hinges to prevent the lid from opening completely.

* The lid does not stay closed as securely as I'd like.  To solve this, I use a thick blue rubber band (which compliments the blu-tack) from a bushel of asparagus, or maybe it was broccoli.  Either way, I'd probably do this even if the lid snapped shut.  With the band in place, I can toss this thing in my pack without worry.

* My tray didn't have a snug fit in the holes.  To solve this, I wedged a small ball of blu-tack into each hole which holds the tray more securely."
This set of watercolors was a great buy. The colors are vivid and I love the consistancy. I would definitely repurchase in the future.
"I love how creamy the warm colors are when settled and dried.  As expected, the prussian blue and ultramarine look very granular when all dried, also affecting the texture when mixing with complementary colors..

I wish Sakura based the color set on this 18-tube package on the Quiller Wheel to achieve true complimentary with closest Pthalo / Cadmium substitutes.  Vermilion is the only true ""orange"" between the red and yellow--yellow ochre isn't quite the equivalent of cadmium yellow light.

I'd still give it 5 stars for the very good warm colors and that it doesn't have Pthalo and Cadmium colors which are toxic.  As I have said, the closest to the Quiller Wheel would be ideal with closest substitutes to Cadmiums, Dioxazines, and Pthalocyanines."
"I actually prefer the Pelikan Travel Kit over this, it has less colors, but they seem to be more vivid and I like the top mixing pan better.

The built-in brush is pretty nifty. I rarely use the sponges, instead I just use the pull-out palette mixer to tap off excess water. This set also has a clear bias toward red tones, and I found the blues to be kind of ... bland. The greens are fine, and the earth tones are very natural.

For its size, you probably won't find anything smaller and more portable. But I found the pigment to be a little harder to scoop out of the cakes and thin on the paper. I would suggest a better brand that this one."
"Bought this for my son, he is a high school art teacher.  He tells me this is a wonderful water color set for the artist that travels light.  He is very happy with this."
"This tiny powerhouse of color is hands-down the most indispensable item in my artist's toolkit. Compact and convenient, it's a perfect take-along for a day of plein-air painting, watercolor sketching at the museum, or art journaling at the coffee shop. The included water brush is handy and stores more than enough water for an afternoon of painting."
"Why I have purchased FIVE KOI SETS-for water color painting.
1. Size makes it not only nice for trips, hiking, and quick set up and clean up at HOME.
2  Beautiful vivid colors with great texture and easy clean up.
3. Only water needed is in the brush and lasts forever depending on size of art paper; quick cleaning as you change colors.
4. Tiny pallet attaches easily. cleans easily,& can paint all day without cleaning etc.
5. Thumb holder on bottom great concept and so necessary.
6. Back can be used as small tripod for painting.
7. Lightweight, and miniature size, but able to produce large and professional work.

Wonderful for relatives and friends, as gifts so appreciated. I give the designer of the water brush/pen 5 stars and the designer
of the clever little set another 5 stars. Have painted for some 75 years with all mediums, but love this one, more than my professional oil painting materials! Hard to believe this can be produced and sold at this low price. I am now in hospice after a very active life, and am now making my very own greeting cards, and busy beyond belief! I should be selling them since they
are accepted like hotcakes! AMAZON is MY STORE for MORE!
Sandy Orton-Colo. Springs, CO"
This little watercolor kit is just the perfect size! The water brush is so handy and of good quality. It slips into a purse or pocket for quick journaling anywhere. I took it on vacation with me and it's handy to use at home too for those quick art projects like a greeting card or journal. I will definately get another when this one is used up!
"For less expensive watercolors these are pretty good. They have good saturation and lots of colors not normally found in pan water colors. The case their in is very nice for plein air painting especially, with a ring on the palette for your thumb. The water fill brush takes a little getting used to, because I haven't used one before,but I think I'm going to like it. The packaging was good and they came very quickly."
"This is a wonderful travel set and the brush that comes with it is perfect!  I use this at least twice a week and find it extremely convenient to have the water in the brush.  All I really need extra is a paper towel, though I suppose I should learn to use the sponges...I've been able to make every color I need and am impressed with the way these dry.  No leaking or issues when I travel and very sturdy case.  You won't regret this purchase - I thought it was a great price!"
"this product was a gift to a friend. she says that it was really awesome, so I guess that means this kit is acceptable on multiple levels. also, I had asked the seller to include a note for my friend and they did! very nice of them!"
"I used Sakura watercolors as a UGA art major back in 1972 and really liked the quality then. The particular range of colors in this set is very good, and I got excellent results in mixing these pigments. Very pleased with the value, as well."
These watercolors were recommended by an online class. They are everything I expected. I use them daily even though the class has ended. You will not be disappointed in this product.  I love everything made by Sakura.
Great for beginners. Easy to carry & comes with a good size brush & pallet. Not a bad choice to gift & the price is good too.
"I really enjoy the colors, they blend like a dream and are really easy to clean off. I find the size to be perfect, it fits right in my art box without crowding out everything else, but I can also do a grab-and-go if I don't need anything but the paints.
I'm not a big fan of the reservoir brush. I feel that it releases too much water and I lose control over what I'm painting.
I do, however, thoroughly enjoy the way the brush works when I keep it empty and use a separate water jar.
The brush is smooth and has a really great 'snap' to it. It's a good medium size for painting, but it doesn't work well for full washes or fine detail.
The palette is very convenient, I often leave whatever colors I had mixed on the palette and they're perfect when I use them with just a damp brush.
The only other feature I don't use is the sponges on either side. I bring a paper towel because the sponges get really wet pretty quickly and I don't know why I find that off putting.

It's definitely a watercolor set I'd recommend to anyone who wants to learn watercolor or continue a passion for it."
"I don't review many products, but I have enjoyed this kit so much that I decided to make an exception in this case.  I ordered this on a whim.  It looked cute (and I'm a sucker for cute packaging) and I was looking for an easily portable way to take paints with me when I travel.  I didn't have overly high hopes as to the quality of paint, but I was hoping for something passable for small sketches.  I have been pleasantly surprised, however, at this little kit.  The paints are smooth and they all blend very nicely.  All the colors are bright and I haven't noticed any separation of pigments from a single paint here.

Also, this kit introduced me to the concept of the water brush.  I love it!  It's nice and easy now to use watercolor on the go.  The brush has held up for the 10 paintings or so I've used it for so far.  Occasionally it seems to overly saturate with water, but I'm not sure yet if that's user error or product error.  Regardless, I have been able to make it work for me and I will probably purchase another water brush at some time(though maybe not the same brand).

If I had a complaint about the set, it's that the lid doesn't fully snap close.  I worry about it coming open if I don't have it sandwiched between something.  But this is very minor and doesn't bother me when compared with the convenience this kit offers.

I now use this set all the time when I travel. Like others here, I have a Moleskine watercolor book that I travel with.  It's the perfect partner for this set.  When I use this set up -- and that will probably take a while because these paints do stretch far -- I will replace it with another just like it!"
"This little paint box will come in handy whether you are in your backyard,on a hike/field trip,or flying cross-country to see the family! It is the perfect size,plus it comes with a H2O brush. Super! I am so looking forward to using this neat little set, and may order an extra one to pack away for travel. My paints came very quickly...excellent service. WILL buy from them again. Plus, the price can't be beat. I have seen the bigger sets....24,I believe, for almost $50.00,in stores."
This is a perfect kit for travel. I also bought it as a starter set for my nephew. The color quality is excellent. Wonderful for art journaling.
"Love this product! Came quickly. The colors are bright, even comes with a water brush and sponge in the kit. I am ready to sketch on the go!"
"I came across this neat little paintbox, and bought 2! I do not know if I will use the H2O brush included, or my own,but I really like the style of this kit alot!  Lovely color cakes in a broad range, plus it's tiny size makes it perfect for travel around town, or cross country! Nowadays with travel restrictions, this will work perfectly for the on the go artist. I look forward to taking mine along on our next cross country trek! Truthfully, it is all you need besides a good quality H2O pad. I recommend a Moleskine, like the other reviewers did. Painting has never been easier! Whether you are an utter novice like me, or a professional, get this!"
"I bought the 24 color set because although I limit the color in each a painting I like a choice of colors. The colors are clear and crisp and blend well.

 I also love the water brush that came with the set, perfect for painting outside without having to worry about carrying a water bottle and spills.

 The box has a pallet that can attach in different ways, great for a lefty like me.  Also the box has a nifty ring in the bottom that keeps you from dropping it when you are painting and holding it with one hand, and it has room to place a small watercolor block or paper in the front. I'm enjoying this set so much, especially for outdoor painting."
"This kit is very handy to take along in my purse or pocket.  The colors are vibrant, and the brush is good as well.  I'd definitely recommend this kit for on the go sketching."
This little watercolor set is compact but carries a wide range of vivid colors.  The brush with reservoir is wonderful and easy to use and clean.
"I love the Koi Watercolor Sketch Box! It is my paint of choice. The colors are rich and saturated, and they last a long time. I have painted perhaps 75 to 100 paintings with the original box I purchased and it's still going strong. The silly brush they include is useless, but the paints themselves  are fantastic! Can't recommend this product highly enough."
"I love this little thing! It feels sturdy, the ring on the bottom makes it super handy, the colors are to die for! Not at all chalky, before I even used it I could dent the paints with my fingernail! You can use the lid as an easel for a 6x4 inch piece of paper. The waterbrush it genius!
Here are the colors:

Chinese White
Lemon Yellow
Aureoline Hue
Permanent Yellow Deep
Permanent Orange
Jaune Brilliant
Vermillion Hue
Cadmium Red Hue
Crimson Lake
Quinacridone Rose
Purple
Cobalt Blue Hue
Cerulean Blue
Ultramarine
Prussian Blue
Yellow Green
Viridian Hue
Permanent Green Deep
Olive Green
Yellow Ochre
Light Red
Burnt Umber
Payne's Grey
Ivory Black"
"I purchased these brushes as cheaper replacements for my Pentel brand water brush. While they are fine and work alright, they are nowhere near the quality of water brush I would like to own. The water is difficult to expel from the handle. Squeezing doesn't release any liquid and sometimes my brush tip gets dry while there is still pigment on it, ruining whatever I'm doing. Considering these were just meant to be for watercolor sketching and not real paintings, this can be fixed enough not to ruin my picture, but it really upsets me that I can't control water flow.

I would purchase these water brushes again if I had no other option. The brushes still beat lugging around my old inflatable water bucket and my plastic collapsible cup, but they're not as good as the Pentel brushes."
In simple terms? The watercolors are in a simple and small carrying case excellent for travel. You can mix the colors on the lid side of carrier and it fits perfectly in my backpack. I would recommended for beginners of all ages.
"Bought it from my local art store(Not Micheal's) this summer and I have to say although I don't use it much if I'm home on the go or at a coffee shop this, some watercolor cakes and water color sketch pad and I'm set. I dig the design the water reservoir totally works great and the design seems so simple enough I can't believe more companies aren't ripping these guys off."
"I love the waterbrush in this, which means you don't have to carry water with you or find a water supply.  The waterbrush has a little cap to the reservoir that keeps the pen from leaking.

This set is perfect for doing a little watercolor sketching on your lunch break or while you wait for the bus.  The colors are a little 'chalky' but look very nice once on the paper.  (Colors are not as vibrant as the Van Gogh or the Winsor & Newton ones.)  But it's still a good set.  Get it with a Moleskine watercolor pocketbook and you're ready for some sketching.

The colors are also listed as AP non-toxic, so you don't have to worry if you get paint on your hands while eating your lunch.

This set is good not only for the beginner, but also for the advanced artist."
"This is my first watercolor paint set. Frankly its just plain really cool. Setup is simple, open the box, set the pallet on the left or right side. fill pen with water screw on brush head. Paint. Thumb loop on the bottom is comfortable for left or right hand orientation. The color selection is ample enough to satisfy most of my needs so far. The paints are bright and vibrant. The water brush is a real joy to work with, its really quite versatile you can do washes or finer line work with it. One load of water in the brush is definitely enough to paint a whole 5x8 picture with ease. The box is solid and the hinge mechanism seems sturdy. Sized right to fit into cargo pant or jacket pocket. Matches really well with a Moleskin or Canson watercolor sketchbook. Another great feature is the cap for the pens water reservoir and cover for the brush tip. The cap allows you to store the filled reservoir without constantly saturating the brush head. All in all this is a really nice product. For me its been the perfect little introduction to watercolor painting. Id recommend this to anyone who's got the slightest inclination to try out painting. Its so delightfully simple to use, you cant help but have fun with it."
"I own this Koi watercolor kit. I truly love it! Why? the box is made of sturdy white plastic, it closes nicely. It comes with a great waterbrush; I love this brush!. Virtually, you don't even need to carry a bottle water, just have the waterbrush filled up with water before you leave home (assuming you only plan to paint for a very short amount of time or a small watercolor sketch)the sponge that comes with it absorbs water nicely.
My only concern when I bought this set was the quality of the watercolors (artist's vs. students) but the watercolors are really good! I was really surprise how bright the colors were!. By the way, I love and use this set so much that I decided to refill the pans.
A friend of mine saw me using it and I lend it to her, she loved it so much that she decided to buy one for herself! My baby brother loved my set so much that I bought one for his birthday! :) It is truly a great buy, easy to clean, very practical and useful. It is also a great gift idea for the artist in your family, compliment this gift with a small watercolor sketchbook and presto!"
I was looking for this before I knew it existed. I wanted a way to work with paint without a lot of the mess. I can now sit anywhere and paint. I don't have to worry about spilling or dripping on carpets etc.
"These are often recommended a good starter student set of watercolors. Hense why I bought it. I've learned a little since then and now know that I could get better products for nearly the same price. If I was starting again I'd buy a Mission Gold 24 set of tube colors. They're affordable, very saturated pigments, and artist quality.

Regarding the Koi set, they have half pans (the cups holding the paint) which are annoying to get color into brushes because the pan is so small its hard to pickup with a brush thats longer than the pan. The pallet is not reusable, you cannot remove the pans so they're difficult to clean. Some of the colors have heaved and cracked from wetting and drying repeatedly (as watercolors do). The colors seem to not be vibrant although thats just what you get with student grade colors. I found the water brush cumbersome to use. Prefer real brushes."
"I love this watercolor set! It's small enough to carry around, but has more than enough colors to make me happy! The moveable mixing tray is perfect. The one thing that I don't understand is how to use the lid as a ""mini-easel."" I could easily put a small piece of paper in it, but as soon as I put any pressure on it, like from a brush, it doesn't stay upright. Maybe you're meant to hold the back up with a finger or two? That part doesn't matter to me, though, as I typically paint in a Strathmore watercolor journal. All in all, I'm very happy with this purchase!

I usually put the mixing tray in the top two holes, as shown in the pic, but it fits easily to the side and bottom, as well. Whatever works for you!"
good colors
"So easy to use and portable, and the colors are very vibrant and beautiful. My sister's dog chewed up my little brush though which was so convenient so I have to find where to get a replacement"
Loved it.
The paints are not as highly pigmented as real artist quality watercolors. For about $20 they are worth getting and playing around with; otherwise Shinhan watercolors are much better and also very inexpensive.
Great for watercolors and Zentangle
"It just arrived,vand I tried it out. It's about 6.5"" by 4.5"", so will be easy for urban sketching. I just laid down one layer if paint, and colors look nice saturated. The paper is Canson mixed media, 5.5"" x 8.5"" and didn't warp. I would be happy with a larger set as well. I didn't use the enclosed water brush, which comes with a stopper for the water reservoir section. Remember, it unscrews opposite of what you might think. I'm a beginner and have reservations about sketching outside due to vulnerability. But many people live in safer environments and would find this set a boon for their outdoor artwork."
Love it.  Great for travel.  I will purchase smaller brush to put in the case as I already misplaced the water plug.  And then the entire brush.
Didnt work how I wanted...but love my other paint pens like this!
Love these!  Compact and the colors are vibrant.  Some colors are more translucent than others.
I only wish I would have bought the one with more colors!
"I absolutely love this palette, its great for traveling and has lots of quality pigments. I would however, recommend using brushes other than the one that comes with it."
"The colors are beautiful. The setup is well-thought-out, convenient and compact (the 48 color set box is about 5""x8"".) I'm an absolute beginner with watercolors -- I knew I didn't want tubes of liquid paint, and I didn't want a billion brushes. I wanted to try out reasonable-tending-toward-small amounts of many brilliant colors, which is exactly what I got with this set. I have no opinion on whether its grade should be considered ""professional"" vs. ""amateur"" vs. ""child"" -- honestly, I've seen people make amazing art with crayola crayons or bic pens, I don't care about any of that - if you do, maybe read a different review. But, if what you want is to put very delicious colors onto some heavyweight paper, and if you'd like to do so just about anywhere without having a huge mess to make or clean up, get these paints. They rule. I was already prepared to love them, and I was still surprised at how lovely they are."
Wonderful!
"Arrived on time, packaged properly and product as described. The colors are rich and easy to use. Good quality, highly recommend"
love these and they last a very long time.
Its a cute travel set.
Very good! I really liked them :)
Great to carry to class and handy to use.
"It's a good set. The colors are vibrant the packaging is quite good. However, I was expecting a little more. On the inside of the box there were random dots of color that wouldn't wipe away completely. The area that incases the water brush was also dirty. Everything else seams to be fine and the random color spots haven't effected the quality or the experience with the paints."
"This was my first watercolor set and I absolutely love it. I don't have any other pans sets to compare it to but it doesn't matter because the colors are vibrant, the pans rewet great and the paints move well. I love that it comes with a water fill brush, you can literally paint anywhere. If you are a beginner looking for a starter palette,  this is a great option."
Very nice watercolor set!
I do a lot of water coloring and these are great! It's really nice for traveling and it doesn't take up a lot of space.
"I have the 24 color set of Koi Water Colors and have had them in my stash for a while but never used them. Today i used them for the first time and I'm blown away by the quality. The colors are beautiful and deep. When you mix them with water they seem more creamy than scratchy and thin. They are a little higher in price, but definitely worth the investment."
I love this set of watercolors. Its very easy to travel with in my bag. The water brush stays sealed and does not leak and is easy to clean off on the sponge. The bristles are synthetic and don't hold color after its cleaned. Good Picketts and control. Worth it.
My sister loves it!!! She says its super pigmented!!
"love! cute and minimal.
all you need is the primary colors to create more colors."
Used this on my last camping trip to Joshua Tree! Loved it!
These are so pigmented I love them
Best thing i've purchased in my life.
"I thought that I would like this set but I'm shocked by just how much I like it. The paints are bright and vibrant and the case makes it so easy to use and transport. I highly highly recommend this set, even if you aren't planning to paint on the go!"
"These brushes are not a replacement for the wonderful Sakura Koi brush pen that comes with the Koi paint set. These ones leak water for about thirty seconds after being squeezed, making it very hard to control the intensity of the paint. They are also much smaller and will fit in an Altoids tin when unscrewed."
This watercolor set is really good with decent pigmentation. It is lightweight and good to travel with it.
Good little sketch companion. Case is well designed and strong.
Works great though I'm a novice.
Great starter set and will support your work beyond beginner level. Great selection of colors. When I first started out I used the colors as is for summer landscapes and as I improved I was able to mix same colors to expand to a range of different subjects. Water brush is fantastic too.
"Lots of colour options, compact, easy to use, great for traveling.  The water pen brush was really handy."
"This is an awesome watercolor set. I am new to watercolors, however I do have some previous art experience in acrylics, so I can recognize a quality paint. These paints are highly pigmented, not chalky, and have a great color variety. One thing I didn't realize when purchasing, is that the field set 30 color is a small kit, and the individual cakes of paint are really small. That means that they are great for the field and smaller drawings, but you might need a bigger set if you want to a lot of paint at a time. The container it comes in is amazing though! Very compact and convenient. Overall a great buy, highly recommend if you are looking for amazing quality for a great price."
"This 48-color Sakura Koi watercolor set is incredible.  I have a WInsor-Newton set and a Van Gogh set, and the Sakura Koi colors are more saturated, and they seem to become wet and usable more quickly.  The colors are beautiful, and I love the handy palette that you can attach to swing out to the side or swing inward to be closed inside the case.  It's a manageable size for painting when you are out and about.  I wondered how well the water brush would work, and I was very pleasantly surprised.  It's excellent!  I thought I would need my usual set of different shaped brushes, but this brush is adaptable and can do some of the same things other brushes can do.  I'm thrilled with this set, and I highly recommend it for anyone with a budding artist in the family or just for those who want to have fun with watercolors but want good quality paints.  These paints make the time you spend on a painting worthwhile, because you end up with a beautiful result, and the thoughtful design of the case with its swing palette makes it convenient to use.  I considered several different palettes; I'm really glad I chose this one."
Very fun to use. I've never watercolored before and this was a great starter kit. The water brush was neat to use. Great kit for on the go and camping.
Very compact nice water brush included. Vibrant colors mix well.
"So disappointed. I have the Koi 24 color field kit that came with a larger version of this brush. The water from the reservoir should come through the bristles, but something is wrong with mine and comes through the gab between the bristles and the reservoir. You can see it in the picture. I tried cutting down the plastic so that it didn't push it out so far but it made no difference. Water doesn't go where I need it to and it makes a huge mess of my palette. I'm really upset. Want my money back :("
You get so much from this small watercolor set! It's incredible. I've used it so much and I love it! Strongly recommended. The colors are rich and vibrant.
Soooo nice!
"I understand the 'chalky' comments and I have no doubt that it's not up to par with professional quality watercolor paint but as a beginner this is amazing. It's a perfect travel palette and the colors are brilliant and beautiful. I'm new to watercolors and this has been my best friend. I especially like that the little removable mixing palette inside has little magnetic legs so you can attach it to the side and it doesn't wobble or fall, no matter where you place it. It has a little ring on the bottom to put your finger through in case you're doing street art? I don't think I'll ever use that. But it is probably handy for some! It's an awesome little palette, 10/10 would recommend."
They paint so beautiful!! And they r really cute! Such a great quality!
Perfect my niece love it
This is a great portable watercolour set at an affordable price. I was pleasantly surprised at the quality of the colours and am very happy with my purchase. I haven't used the brush it comes with so I am unable to comment on that but if you're looking for a compact watercolour set this one is very good.
"Nice vibrant pigment, lots of palette space to mix your colors, a decent waterbrush, and a handy sponge to sop up your excess water. The only real problem I have found with this set is the teeny tiny pan size. Other than that, this is a really solid beginner set."
I just recently started painting. And the first palette I had purchased was just a 7$ paint set I had got from Walmart. Along with super cheap brushes. It had made me frustrated because no matter how much water I had put it just wouldnt work. The brush that comes with this set is amazing. And so are the colors. You just need a drop or two of water and the paints are good. Theyre vibrant and they go on so smoothly. I couldn't wait to try painting something so instead I just swatched the colors.
"Good quality watercolours. The only problem is that the brush is a bit too small for my liking, so it depends on how you like holding your brush."
"Very cute and compact! Fits in my small lil case perfectly with no trouble, and it spreads the color like a charm~ Def recommend it for anyone!"
It's a great water brush!  I really like it.
"Was looking to get myself an affordable travel watercolor set that I could take with me on the go, and when I found this one I was skeptical because the price seemed too good to be true, but I was utterly blown away by the quality of these paints and how easily I am able to work with them. Needless to say Koi has made a very pleased and very loyal customer out of me!"
"Really like the brush, but has sealed shut and can't open it."
Student grade but vibrant and easy to pack for plein air painting.
Nice set for traveling !
"Assorted colors and convenient packaging allows me to use it when I travel. Ive had this same set for 5 years and I still use it. Its a great beginners paint set and the quality is decent for the price. However if you are a more serious artist or have better funds, I would highly recommend getting a professional set rather than this one. This set is only for casual users/students and the colors are chalky and not as vibrant as I would like. That being said, its still a great bang for your buck."
This has become one of my favorite watercolor sets. (I also have a Decadent Pies Prima set and a Yarka St. Petersburg set.) I love the variety of colors that are still extremely portable. I use this to do quick washes on my sketches. I recommend this so much I bought one as a gift for a friend who wanted to get into watercolors.
"Super fun to use, colors are vibrant. My only complaint is that the brush has deteriorated very quickly. Its probably at least partly my fault though."
Loved it!
"My daughter is an art student and she LOVES this water color set, she says it is a great size to take everywhere with her. The colors are beautiful and it makes a wonderful present."
My daughter loved them!
"I really like this little set. It's really cute and I discovered some features on it that I didn't realize came with it. I have only tested it, haven't actually used it on any of my art yet."
Great quality watercolors and favorite packaging - perfect for on the go. Ive painted in airports on planes in cars by rivers and more.
"Love this company and purchased a smaller one before. However, this one looks used, dirty and old. Very disappointing."
Was a gift so can't comment much.
Great travel set.
A perfect gift for my friend who loves to draw/paint.
"colors are vibrant, brushes work well.  The palette is limited, wish there were more in the purple part of the spectrum, but a great kit non-the-less"
Love this watercolor set!
great colors and good to use while traveling.
This is the perfect set for product designers or architects who just want to add color to sketches and want to get away from the marker look.
"The brush that comes with this product is horrible, all the colors easily fall out and are not as pigmented as expected"
The colors are vibrant! The case is the perfect travel pack! I'll be ordering a larger set in the future!
Excellent.
I use these watercolors all the time. Ive made some pretty exquisite creations. Awesome!
Cute little paint set. Very expensive tho as it was so small.
The paint seemed fine the first time I used it. Second time it seems to separate.
"The watercolors are really beautiful and can be very transparent and opaque! And they look very pretty, although in the tube set there isn't any grays Which is unfortunate since grays can be pretty useful but other than that great set  and the package arrived in good condition an on time
Ps my color chart skills are really bad but i wanted to show the swatchs of the colors"
"I'm very happy with my new paint set.  There are a lot of nice colors and I can't wait to try them all !  I have a smaller Sakura set that I totally love and it's the perfect size for when I'm outside,  but I have been wanting this larger set for ages and I think it will be fine for on the go sketching.  I've seen reviews that say these are not artist grade but I think Sakura makes a fine product and I'm very pleased with them."
"Unfortunately, I got these right before I got professional watercolours, and so I didn't use them much after I discovered the quality jump. However I have this to say: beautiful transparency and nice colours! Feels a little cheap, and shrinks a whole lot when it dries."
"super portable, rich colors"
"This set is PHENOMENAL! I ran into an artist at a craft fair who was using it and really liked the design, included tools, and apparent convenience. I've used many different mediums, acrylic, chalks, oil pastels, pencils, pens, and even watercolor in the past, but not like this! (I can paint with it in the bed!!) The compact design is wonderful and I imagine the paints will last me quite some time. I never knew water color was exactly what I needed to achieve the results I've been searching for. The pictures attached are my first few projects with this pallet and I intend to keep the momentum going!

My only concern, is the tip of the brush in the included set dislodged and can be moved about, making the tip longer or shorter depending on how its positioned. When this happened, a few bristles also came free. I had purchased a set of varied brushes from another merchant, but even with the mentioned defect, all the work produced was done primarily with this set's included tool.

I would recommend checking out a few youtube tutorials and technique videos for a quick and easy how-to of watercolor. I watched a very helpful, basic technique video by ""Mr Otter"", and then discovered more artists of interest thereafter.

Happy painting, Friend!"
"I love using these watercolors in my cardmaking, but I find myself doing several layers of paint to get the look that I'm after."
"This is the second time I have invested in a koi watercolor set- the quality of the paints and the brush is top notch. With water in the refillable brush and some paper you have everything you need to paint wherever. The brush can be filled with water, used to paint, then you can remove the brush tip and seal the container with an included plug situation- so you don't have to worry about emptying the water to put it away, or about bringing water with you to fill it up if you are painting on the go. Beautifully executed design- highly recommend!"
"I loved working with these, buttery and well pigmented, the paint brush pen is not as superior as some other brands, but well enough.  This is a great little travel kit to keep in my satchel so I can sketch on the go. It stays shut and the insides are tidy and compact. The sponges on either side are great for cleaning your brush and are removable. Perfect amount of colors."
"Couldnt ask for a better set! This thing is the most portable and easy watercolor set ever, and the colors are amazing! The only thing I would like to have seen would be a paper holder inside. Then the package is complete!"
"Beautiful paints! I love how compact the travel case in, it will definitely encourage me to do artwork while I'm traveling!"
I love this set. Super portable and colors are nice and vivid. The included pen is also pretty great. Awesome travel buddy for artists.
so convenient and the colors are great!!
I have heard of this watercolor set and I thought I'd give it a try. It's perfect to take it anywhere with you! I absolutely love how compact this palette is. The pigments are so vibrant as well. The water brush isn't that bad either. I think it's a pretty decent price for a nice watercolor palette.
"Very small set, but perfect for when you need a travel set or you don't want to get out your huge palette of watercolors.  Wonderful selection of blues.  Amazing blues!  Watch out for the deep red color, and test it first.  It is very very staining and dark.  Much more than the other colors, but it is good if that is what you need.  Swatch out the colors first and you will be so impressed.  I love them.  Wonderful if you are making cards and so handy for when you are lazy and just want to use a quick set of your watercolors, just grab and go.  Well worth the money."
"Im not a professional but I love these paints. The 24 pallet has plenty of color to mix & play with. Very compact, sturdy, and convenient. The brush is good too, if you don't like it you can purchase your desired brush and still fit it in the case. No complaints at all, it is exactly as advertised."
"Very reasonable quality for the price.  Pigments are not as good as tube paint, but it was great for travel."
As advertised. Improved my pictures 50%! I love these paints.  Will use no other. Just what the masters in China use.
"The quality is amazing! I am just exited of the brightness of colors. Sakura painting is the best in watercolor category of art supplies. Feel that I am a lucky person!!So happy that I am the owner of this beautiful watercolors. Buy the way, I like the design and presentation of package. Highly recommend for everyone!"
No problem with the colors
"I bought this set on a whim - even though I own many artist grade pallets (Schmincke, Sennelier, W&N) and student pallets (Cotman, Prima Marketing). You could call me an art supplies junkie - I cant help it, I love art supplies! I was very impressed at how these paints glazed and layered. They also didn't get muddy even though I mixed multiple colors. The pictures below (WIP of a portrait) was made with only colors from the 24-color Koi pallet. Im impressed!"
"I got the 12-color kit to try out water colors in my spare time for stress relief (~5-15 minute sessions). It's compact and portable, which is exactly what I was looking for. It easily fits in my bag or jacket pocket. The waterbrush doesn't hold very much water inside, but it's enough for a short painting session without refilling. I can't remark on the paint quality because I'm not familiar with other watercolors.

All in all, I've been very happy with it, which is why I'm purchasing the larger 30-color kit to bring along on my next trip."
Colors are bright and vibrant!
"Being this is my first travel sized kit, I like the Koi field set. The paints are brilliant and vibrant that blend very well.
The mixing palette MIGHT be a little annoying because it's not embedded in the lid. It is separate but can be attached to the paint case within the holes of the case on either the left or right side by the pegs on the underside of the palette. A narrow sponge and a paint brush that holds water, are included.
The body of the brush is a tube that is filled with water. It contains a plug, which is removed to add water. Then the head of the brush can be screwed on to it's water tube (brush body). A gentle squeeze releases water to the bristles. However, the need to blot your paint pan is a slight issue if too much water is released through the brush. It's hard to regulate how much water would be released.
Regardless of these small issues, I have enjoyed using the Koi Field Set. "
Love this brand and has lasted a long while!
Nice little kit. Haven't had a chance to use the paint yet but it looks like it will be just great! I would recommend this item!
"As my first watercolor pallet, I think this one works very nicely. The palate is pretty, perfect for a beginner. I would suggest to other beginners that you test out the colors before painting with them so you know what you are dealing with. These ones are more vibrant than I expected but that's fine (they are very pretty). I definitely plan on buying some more expensive watercolors but these are great for the price!

The brush is okay. It's a bit stiff. I've worked in other painting mediums and I can tell that the brush is lower quality than desired. It's not the worst, though. It would work well as a travel brush."
excellent quality
"It is so cute and tiny, but it has high-quality paint and a great build and size. It fits perfectly in a purse or bag, and it comes with a great pan for mixing pigments. If you paint often, I advise that you buy this. I like to use it outside with fresh-air and my table easel."
"This product is kids and travel friendly,  It's a good one."
"It is great. This is my first time with watercolor,and i think i did a great job because of the product. Recommended for beginner like me :) - i just sometimes don't like how thin the color is, (since it's transparent) so i need to layers it a lot"
"I love this little kit. perfect as a starter into watercolor, and it's the ideal size for travel which is awesome!"
"Lots of fun, every so often I just sit down and paint something and I love how easy it is to get started and clean up. Great for someone who paints once in a while and wants a compact set of beautiful colors."
Arrived on time & the quality is nice! I would buy again :)
Great little travel kit.  The colours are bright and fairly easy to rewet.  Only thing that is a downer is the holes that the mixing try fit into seem a little too big and the tray has fallen out of them a couple of times.  I've had to wrap some tape on the posts of the tray to make it a tighter fit.  But all in all it's a great little travel kit.  Pricing on Amazon is way better than the stores for sure!!
"My girlfriend was really happy with this gift, i'll totally buy again when this one goes empty!"
"Great colors, fantastic compact size for traveling, and easy to use!"
"Love this watercolor set, its amazing, lots of color choices and great saturation. Id recommend a million times over"
"Absolutely wonderful! I am so pleased with the paints. I got exactly what I ordered. The watercolor paints are awesome,  I've only painted my swatch page with them so far. They work so good. I'll definitely buy them again. The colors are so pretty. I don't think you'll be disappointed in buying these at all. I'm not, and I looked for a few days at paints and read reviews and decided on these, so glad that I did."
"Very good watercolor kit, especially for beginners. The paints do have a ""dusty"" quality if you lay them on thick or use mixed media paper. I noticed a sandy texture when touching areas where I had used a lot of paint. I also noticed that it's not easy to pick up paint that's already dried, unlike other watercolors. Other than that the colors are great and the little case it comes in is super convenient for painting on the go."
"Great Intermediate Watercolor set for on the go or small work areas. I don't like wet watercolors, so this was perfect for me!"
Exactly as described
Very thin and light pigment
New to watercoloring and this set is so convenient and so many color choices
"2nd time I've bought this product (though first time through Amazon) and I've really enjoyed using it. I always opt to use my own brushes, but this is a fantastic set up for field painting or urban sketching."
"Unfortunately, the paints are pretty grainy, so I wouldn't recommend this for an advanced or professional painter; however, with that being said, it would probably be appropriate for a young beginner or someone who isn't looking to spend a lot of money.
On a positive note, the palette is really compact, convenient, and well constructed."
This is the best watercolor set ever!
"This paint set is great! It is very compact and works great for those who are on the go and want to conviently pack their art supplies as well as for those who want a good set of basic colors to use at home. The extra benefits of this paint set are that it comes with a paint brush (that you fill with water as opposed to having to dip it in water) and it has a removable tray that you can use to mix paints/test colors.

In the pictures, I wanted to demonstrate the size of the brush compared to a standard pen as well as the quality of the colors in a painting I'm doing. I highly recommend this paint set!"
Would highly recommend!!
Very compact and easy to use and the colors look great. Very easy to bring with me or use at home colors are all beautiful!
"I love this do much, but I only give 4 stars is because the color cube fall a part"
Smells of the filler/ binder koi uses. Much more than pans.
"Purchased the 12 color sketch set at a local retailer. I decided to take the plunge and learn color theory with this product thinking it was a quality fine art purchase. After spending the last week learning about color and watercolor paint, I now wish I had gone with a traditional watercolor brand and not Koi, which is closer to a toy than a fine are product.  Think Crayola.

After researching watercolors and messing with the 12 color kit, this is what I learned.
*You want pigment not color.
*You want colors with very good lightfastness (otherwise they will bleach out)
*You want watercolors that will disperse and mix well and still keep their intensity.
*The more expensive the paint the more pigment it contains and less binder or filler.  The 3 categories are generally: Entry level, student level, professional level.  The price goes up with each.

Koi markets this as a student grade product but its not.  Its an entry level product but its overpriced for what you get and heres why.

Koi has these problems:
-They list colors not pigments (even though listing pigment makeup is standard practice for fine art products at the student level and higher).
 *This means you cant determine lightfastness unless you manually test it
 *You cant make a color comparison with other brands because color can mean anything.
 *More than likely this means they use very few pigments to mix all their colors instead of individual pigments for each color.  This makes the palette muted compared to the pure thing.
-The kit uses a cheaper single plastic plate with reservoirs for each color instead of the standard pan square making it impossible to replace individual colors.  (Tube paint isn't formulated the same as pan paint.  Yes you can use tube paint but it may not reactivate or the colors may appear dead.  They put different levels of gum Arabic, glycerin, and preservatives in pan paints compared to tube paint.)
-Koi only offers kits.  You cant buy individual colors to replace the one you use the most.

Considering all these negatives, the product is more of a toy with no way to compare colors to other companies because Sakura hides the pigment makeup. Along with the fact that these paints aren't archival, you're left wondering how they get away with pricing this as a student grade product and then provide no path to expand to professional grade among their brand or any other brand. Instead of buying the 48 color set, you're better off buying a professional grade limited palette. It'll be the same price. You may think you're getting less color, but you have more variety of pigment from the professional grade to work with giving you a much wider range of possible colors with the added benefit of less binder in the paint. In my case, I wish I had gone with something like Winsor & Newtons Cotman brand. That is actually a student grade product and they list all the pigments in their paint, sell them in individual pans/tubes, use standard pan sizes making it easy to replace, and as of this writing is $2 cheaper for the 12 color set than the Koi brand. Mind boggling to be honest. I wish I knew all this stuff a week ago. Meanwhile, my Koi set will be sitting in a container along with my other cheap art supplies.

Honestly, I feel mislead because Sakura offers other great product lines like their Pigma Micron pens. I mean, these guys even invented the oil pastel in the 1920's (cray-pas, a portmanteau for crayon pastel). And all these 5 star ratings from people who can't figure out how to correctly put together the water brush. I guess the easier something is to do, the less critical reviews become."
"The perfect size, the perfect combination of colors, the perfect brush, the perfect paletteall in one little box. The pigments in the colors are strong and bright, too. There's nothing I would change. (FYI, I took a 4x6 watercolor postcard and painted each of the colors in little blocks and labeled each so I could remember what the colors looked like once painted. This is a great reference that I keep right in the lid.)"
"The paint is amazing, mixes well and does exactly what I need it too. Love the size of this case, has a lot of colors in a compact case I can take anywhere. I often travel with my coloring stuff and now I can take watercolor paints too!  Pair with the water filled brushes and its the perfect traveling paint combo!"
This set is awesome! A friend recommended it for on-the-go use and it has been perfect. It fits in my backpack and even my purse so I don't have to worry about carrying around all my supplies.
Great product for the price. Colors are vibrant and the packaging is really nice.
Great for everything I want to paint
"I bought the medium tip waterbrush along with another set of paints and it works really well! The water flows nicely, and I've had no issues with it. Definitely would buy again."
Extremely pigmented. Fun assortment of colors. Lots of mixing space. Love it!
"A lot of YouTube crafters  really like this water brush,  and I thought I would give it a try because I'm always having to squeeze my Pentel Aquash to get water flowing. This brush is the exact opposite: you can literally wet a dry medium with what flows through the brush tip and it's still almost too wet  to paint in small details. I'm somewhat appreciating my Pentel a little bit more now,  but somebody who wants to paint on the go without a source of water might like this brush."
It worked like a charm! It's a lovely idea and is perfect for any watercolor arts! <3
"I love this particular product.  The 24 colors are wonderful. But mostly the handedness of the whole product for small paintings. I paint while watching TV on the couch and this eliminates a messy water container on a side table and a clumsy palette at my side.
I just received this and haven't tried it elsewhere yet. Thumbs up so far."
"This is so easy to carry and be able to create on the go. I just wish it had a pink in it, it's too difficult to mix every time. The brush is amazing and refills easier than other brushes I own. I cannot stress how crucial this product is if you like to watercolor It's so perfectly compact and a great range of colors. This is a great gift to an adult who is serious about learning how to watercolor or already does."
Value for money
I absolutely LOVE this. It is my go-to palette when I travel!
Super convenient for on the go painting! Really easy to pack and the water brush is so helpful though I did have to pack it separately since I couldn't take it apart after. The pigmentation is so nice and there is such a wonderful variety of colors. I am very happy i got the 24 count instead of the 16 as I have been using the purple a lot. This also works good as a general watercolor kit if you don't have a nice normal size one like me. It's a nice way of testing out higher quality watercolors before committing and spending 30-40 dollars on one.
"I bought these over a year ago when I decided to move from oil paintings to watercolors. The included brush frayed quickly and I didn't try to use it too often, but the paints are so high quality. They dry beautifully. I've only used them on cold press paper so far. These paints made me see the difference between quality watercolors and Crayola watercolors. Even after an entire year of constant use, the only pigment cake I've made a dent in is black. If the quality of the paints wasn't enough for me (but it is), the included palettes would totally sell this. I'm so glad I made this purchase.
The paintings below ALL use the Koi palette, although the last one uses at least one color from Prima's Decadent Pies palette.

(Instagram: @hunterrosej)"
"Really love it! Like the pigment, like all the color options available. There would be a benefit to getting the 24 color palette- there is room to store another brush, so you can use brushes with different size tips. Now, I just took my sponge out and added an extra brush tip in that space and switch out brush tips when I want to use a different size."
"Beautiful set, colors are amazing and it's just the right size to take everywhere!"
"Great watercolor pallet.  colors are vibrate and dries well.

Easy to take on a outing.  Highly recommend for any artist for traveling and home."
"A nice set for the beginner artist or for those who like to play with their watercolours. I would be happy to purchase this for a present for a beginner or intermediate artist. Excellent choice for the young artist.  Nice range of colours reduces the need to mix.  These are not professional paints but will still give a pleasing experience when using as long as the artist does not have high expectations associated with professional level watercolours.  Best wet down the paints some minutes before use for best results.  Many pigments are bright and intense although I found some of them, especially the browns, a little dilute. The box is sturdy and it's many features very useful.  The water brush supplied is a little small for my liking but can be replaced with out collapsible brushes.  Still an excellent idea to include a brush that holds it's own water supply. The side sponges can be removed and the space used to hold more colours if desired.  Adjustable palette is very useful with it's position being tailor-able to the artists individual preference.  Overall a fun little travel palette that I am happy to take on holidays with me or even when out adventuring locally."
I like this set for the convenience of the pans. It's good for messing around and quick sketches--it's very handy.
The paints tend to crumble even when I stopped using tap water.
"Great size for travel sketching.  Was going to order the stoppers only and two more size brushes when I came upon this.  Smaller reservoir than a regular water brush, but serves so very well in a small travel kit."
"Love it! I can create projects, big or small with these set of Colors. Packaging is compact which makes it excellent as a travel paint case. Pigments are excellent quality and do not smudge on fingers once dry."
Awesome buy
"I love, love, love, my watercolors and brush pen from Koi. I carry it with me everywhere and I get great results from the colors. i can't reccommend this set enough."
My sister loved these for her art projects.
My first set as someone who somewhat serious about art and I like the quality
This is a nice portable water color set. But I couldn't figure out why the water brush didn't fit until I recently read a review that pointed out it's a reverse -turn screw-on to assemble.  That was after I cut of some of the tip on the top of the water reservoir to try to make it fit! Frustrating! Pentel water brush is much better.
"my favorite water colors by far. the colors are rich. I didn't realize how cheap the plastic is though. it feels like something straight out of the 99 cent store. however the brush and paint make up for it, and the design for this product is quite innovative. just wished the ring in back could rotate with the book itself!"
Bought them for a friend she loves them
Beautiful colors.  Fun little box.  Perfect for travel.  I like having so many colors so I don't have to mix on the fly.
I bought this as a gift for my sister and she loved it!! :)
Nice set! Worth the price
"I bought this as a gift for a friend who paints mini-portraits and landscapes, she really loved it, she already had a few of these brushes but she likes to keep different ones for different colour tones for easy access and less cross-contamination when she's out painting in the fields.  I was worried it was too small to be comfortable, but she didn't mind it (or so it seemed). and it fits in her small watercolour kit.  I also like that the material is lightweight and doesn't feel terribly expensive.  My friend told me that these brushes are great at not over-saturating the paper with water, and keep a somewhat dry surface."
"Over the years I've been doing all sorts of artwork, including mediums like acrylics, pastels, etc, but wanted to try working with watercolors.  Just starting out, it came down to student grade watercolors pan sets---namely Koi (Sakura) 24 vs Winsor & Newton, Cotman 24.  I chose Koi b/c I liked the palette layout, 2 piece aquabrush and extra color mixing space. My mistake was assuming this set would include the basic colors used for most
paintings, I, like most people would enjoy doing. This 24 half pan set was missing Burnt Sienna and this color is used to mix with other colors to create so many useful hues for shadows, tree bark, etc.  Burnt Sienna is a must, imo!  I only gave this rating 3 stars b/c omitting this vital color was a major error, but I'll never assume again.  Lesson learned!"
"I love these paints as well as the box they come in. The kit expands to give plenty of mixing area, but doesn't require too much room when painting outdoors.
I am really happy with the paint colors. I would like to add them to my home pallet."
"Haven't used these yet (the reason for only  4 stars), but WOW how NICE & BRIGHT the colors are!  The case is FANTASTIC & VERY nicely constructed as well!  Sooo THRILLED!!!"
"The ink palettes are quite thin.  For the price, I think they really should be thicker.
The colors are beautiful though."
"AHH I was so excited when this came in the mail, and I was even more excited to write this review because let me tell you this is such an amazing water brush! The brush couldn't be any better it holds up enough water for you to paint for the whole day, but if you are working on a bigger piece I'd keep a water bucket by your side. This brush is sooo good I recommend getting this brush it is totally worth it"
"Great watercolor set! Nice, quality colors, good for beginners!"
"These are amazing, full-pigment paints with a fabulous brush.
Wish the company would offer single refills though. I ran out of white so I had to order a whole new set."
I love it!! The colors are so vivid and absolutely beautiful. I will definitely be purchasing this again in the future!
The water pen is kinda difficult to use. The paints are realllllyyyyy tiny if you didn't know. I knew they were small but they are really really small. Colors aren't bad Im just not used to water colors.
I love this brand of water color paste! The colors are vibrant and can easily be mixed with other colors. I am very happy with this set! Highly recommend!
Pen untwists counter to righty tighty.  Wrestled with this thing for an hour and managed to mangle the thing.
Surprisingly I LOVE the colors! The bright yellow and lime green are both VERY vibrant and the rest of the colors are as well. It's much better than the watercolors at Walmart. If you're seein this and have an Instagram add me @nightynightshade (art page) or Nightynightshadeeclipse (personal)
I really like these paints. I've used the tubes by Koi for years but these are great for painting outside or for small pieces. The pop out pallet is very handy too.
Beautiful colors
"bought a few more as a gift, really nice."
"Love this watercolor set! I first saw this being used by my friend a couple years ago and wanted one right off the bat. It's a great, compact-sized set, perfect for carrying around. And I love that it came with a water brush, I had to buy more because I loved how convenient they were. I highly recommend this for artists of any level."
This little paint palette is perfect for travel. It's compact yet it doesn't feel that way. The paint quality is excellent and easy to work with. The colors are pigmented and beautiful. Will definitely buy again!
"I got the 24 color set, but I believe I would go with a smaller set next time.  I did move on to tube paints, but use this for traveling (which is it's main purpose anyway).  I would recommend this for a nice travel set."
"Nice watercolors.  Gave as a gift because I liked my set.  Can't speak for their longevity...if they fade over time, but the colors are brilliant."
"I have just recently started using watercolors and this little palette is perfect! The variety of colors is good for the simple paintings I've doing. The added Water Brush is also a nice add-on, and it works well. I plan to buy the larger set of these in the future."
This is a beautifully designed watercolor set. Carrying it everywhere is a breeze and I can make most of the colors I want by mixing although mine is a 12 color set. Really enjoying the whole now world of watercolor as a hobbyist!
good selection of colors. very nice waterbrush. the pallet can be positioned in 3 different spots - clever. ring underneath - easy to hold for en plein air painting. the lid doubles as an easel.
These are so perfectly portable and the color is rich and easy to pick up. They are perfect for homeschool. So clever! I love the water barrel on the brush. They travel very well.
Most awesome watercolor. The water brush workd splendidly.
"Just started watercolor painting , I took a udemy course my Matthew Fussell  , its excellent and a friend mentioned his course and these watercolor paints. I highly recommend both I am also using Canson Watercolor Cold Pressed 140lb paper...Another great item on here"
"I dabble in watercolors...literally. I'm scared to death of them and desperately need a Watercolor Therapist. That being said, a glowing review from me will mean nothing to those far better artists who rightfully believe I have no right to even write one. I will then leave artistic reviews using words like ""pigment,"" ""hue"" and ""lightfastness"" to them. For me, so far, I am very pleased with how efficiently and functional this set is packaged. The few times I've ""dabbled"" have been a pleasure."
"The very first time I bought the entire koi travel watercolor paint set...i loved it...in fact I raved about it and suggested others purchase it. However, after having to replace the paint brush tip...it seems each subsequent tip i try to use, works for maybbbeee 2-4 times of use..and then the water no longer comes through the tip. It's especially frustrating when you are half way through your painting and can't complete it because the tip isn't working. I've already submitted a return request and the customer service was great. They sent me a new tip, no questions asked, and I appreciate it. But at this point...i can't say I'd be willing to purchase this product again given its unreliability."
Arrived intact and as advertised. The water brush is unexpectedly useful. Exactly what I was looking for.
"The watercolor set was perfectly fine (great size and super conviennent-would have given 5 stars). But in my set, all of the colors in the bottom row came off! It seems that it was originally super glued on but it came off. Super disappointed but other than that the product was fine!"
This set was perfect for a beginner who isn't familiar with watercolor. The water brush is so useful snd the paints are pigmented and easy to use.
"First off, these are NOT professional paints, but more serious art student paints. That said, for what it is, I give it 5 stars.  Since I wanted it for mainly sketching and journaling practice use, it's great.  The colors are comparable to Winsor Newton Cotman series.  Some colors are more opaque than translucent, but that's expected of student grade paints.

I really like the sturdy plastic case & palette.  I find that the ring at the bottom fits my middle finger, and I can position the palette on 3 sides.  The lid stays tilted, so I can place a watercolor postcard there and paint on it.  The palette tray has a lip, so the water washes don't dribble down  (unlike Winsor Newton cotman sketchbox - I always end up getting it on my pants).

I like the water brush very much;  the little black thing is a plug so the water doesn't fall out in transport.  You have to remove the plug to attach the brush head (unlike the pentel waterbrush).  Since I bought an arm-adillo to hold my brushes, I really don't put it in the box anymore.

The cakes are not standard half pans sized;  when I'm finished with it, I'll either refill w/professional paints, or cut out the paint area section, w/ double sided tape and put in half & whole pans of color.  Got this as a birthday present !"
Very happy with this.
Came in perfectly new condition and very pigmented.
Really nice paints for someone who hasn't had a good set before ...
Awesome watercolor set. Really great for beginners. The colors are very nice and they don't dry ugly like cheap paint. The brush is excellent! Nice and tiny very portable!!!
"This watercolor set has to be one of my absolute favorites! It's really good for beginners to try out watercolor, and the quality is pretty good! Just a little chalky, but compared to much cheaper sets its manageable. It has a lot of vibrant colors and i would definitely recommend it if you're looking for a set to start out with!"
"i bought these about 2 years ago but i really started using them about november of last year. they're creamy and smooth and not chalky at all. the mixing pan is very helpful and i mix almost all of my colors. due to that though, i have only the colors i use almost constantly almost gone because i use them so often. they run out pretty quickly so if you're a heavy user i'd suggest buying them in tubes.  anyways, one of the best sets i've uses so far. if you mix a color with the white you can make gauche. i'd really reccomend this pallette. if not for the mixing pan if anything."
I'm just starting to dabble in watercolors but they seemed good to me.
"I love these watercolors.  I have a smaller set, which are awesome, and that I carry with me wherever I go.  The colors are clear and sparkling when they're laying down and stay bright and true when dried.  Love the extra palette and the color choices.

Will be buying a couple more sets of these as soon as I can.  Recommended!"
Good quality
Beautiful colors. Perfect to keep in my backpack for spur of the moment water coloring. I love the little brush that holds water in the handle. I travel for work and got sick of always playing on my phone between classes. Painting in the car is much more satisfying.
"Nice pigmentation and colors. Perfect with a water brush pen. Love the compact case, too. Perfect for taking anywhere."
I wanted something small and compact for daily painting/sketching. This fits the bill perfectly.
"The colors are vibrant and rich. I love all the mixing space available. It's a great, compact, relatively inexpensive set that I use for experimentation and fun."
"I received this is a gift via Amazon for Christmas.  It is very handy.  Most of the paints do not have familiar color names (with a few exceptions).  However, the colors are delightful. I used the color chart on the back of the box and made my own for reference. I like the way it works for setting up, built places to mix colors, etc. I'm just starting to learn to watercolor by watching a zillion videos on YouTube (very helpful) and this set is a good way to learn. I also love the ""water brushess"".  I believe one was included in this set.  I'm writing this 6 months later, but I'm pretty sure one of water brushes was included in the set."
"These are extremely fugitive, but if you're not planning to expose your work to light or just want something to practice with, these are great. I bought the palette of 24. They don't rewet as well as I'd like, but this is my absolute FAVORITE travel palette! I prefer this and a waterbrush or two to the portable painter. Since these paints are non-toxic, I can let my daughter use them up and refill it with my artist quality paints."
good
This is wonderful! The colors are well pigmented and the set is the perfect size!
I love this pallet of watercolors!
Love this set for backpacking. Light weight and easy to use. Purchased the watercolor postcards and they fit perfectly.
It's very nice and I like the colors.
I have loved using these watercolors.  I am new to painting. I love working with the richness of the colors. The white is excellent and provides coverage.
"I found the same set at a craft store for about $40, which was insane to me.  This set is incredibly convenient with a good assortment of colors. Great quality and value!"
"I've been getting back into art recently and wanted to take up something I had never really tried before - watercolor painting. The price of the item is very much so affordable compared to some things I've seen out there, the paints are very pigmented and the brush is great! I love that it comes with a little mixing palette, I think that's one of the most useful features. I will definitely continue using this item and loving it as I do!"
Bright and beautiful watercolors! Amazing price!
"I bought this watercolor assortment through Amazon Warehouse, there was a detail description of damage on my order page. I completed the purchased and wasn't sure what kind of damage to expect upon delivery. I was totally surprised that there was very slight damage to outer package which had no effect to the inside product. They was no damage to the paint container, pans or water brush, the only thing wrong was the top of outer package where you open to take out of the box was tore, not exposing anything inside the box. Even if the inside package had been damage I would have kept it as long as the paint pans were intact and could be used. I am new to watercolor and trying to get into it so I am still practicing and playing with the colors and making new colors by mixing them up on the little water pan palette that comes with this handy and small watercolor set. I would recommend this watercolor set to anyone who wants to get started or already budding watercolorist. I was going to buy a smaller set for the same price and glad I found this product in the warehouse for a reduced price due to damaged packaging."
Great little watercolor set.  Was inspired to get this when I saw a friend actually using this as she waited for a flight.  It's that compact and easily moveable.  The brush contains the water - just need a bit of paper towel and a little sketchbook and you're good to go.
"Brilliant colors and so compact and portable that it encourages me to paint anywhere, anytime."
"This has been a great purchase, and I'm not someone that leaves a lot of glowing reviews. I've gone through many travel kits, from store bought palette to homebrew tins - but they always had issues. This one gives me the most bang for the buck.

Why? The thing just travels well if married to a 4x6 sketchbook, (see photo). Using two rubber bands, (which I can also use to hold the pages while sketching), I can hold the sketchbook, towel, a pencil and pen, all in one tight organized package, (has travel water brush included). It just carries well. I used to need a bag to carry all my field supplies, but this is tight enough to throw in the glovebox, seat of the car, backpack, or just carry by hand - without issue. I tested the colors against other good student brands like Academy and Reeves, very comparable.

Cons: The case is slick. The paint surface can be roughed up, I'm used to that - it's more that the case itself is slick. Trying to balance it on a lap or bench can be a challenge and one work around is using a rubber band or painting a little masking fluid on it. It has a thumb hole on the bottom, but like a beret, I've never wanted to look stereotypical. Others have commented on the poor latch design - it's true, the latch really isn't a latch at all, but looks like one. Again, I just use the artist's helper to keep it closed, rubber bands - and don't need to carry binder clips, straps or even erasers."
"I thought it was a good beginners set.  The colors aren't as bright as I would have hoped for, but the water pan and the mixing tray are nice extras."
All I ever use now! Such a great product.
"Can't wait to play with these colors! My watercolor paper just came in today, so I will give an update on this product."
"Gorgeous translucent water color.  I love the color, palette, sponge.  I'm not impressed by the portable brush though.  I bought another brand watercolor tubes too and made my own color wheel.  In comparison, Sakura is the most translucent."
Great watercolors! And the way it comes is great to carry it anywhere anytime!
Muy bueno
My favorite medium to use in my adult coloring books.  Compact and easily transported and beautiful colors.
These are magnificent and a delight to use.
"Very small, cute set and the price is good. The box is handy and functional, with one the best highly portable painting setups around. Unfortunately the colors are weakmany are actually ""hues,"" which means that the colors use weaker/lower quality pigments than colors not marked ""hue."" If you are looking for more college student or artist grade colors you'd be much better off choosing a Talens or other set (some of the unknown brands are good quality and only sightly more expensive than this set). The prices will be slightly higher, but the paint portion will also be larger. Look up reviews online for more details.

If you just want a cute, highly portable painting setup to make practice/low quality hobby work then this set will suffice.

I would have returned it once I realized how weak some of the colors were, but I had already used it. However, I tend to prefer more highly pigmented colors I can dilute. So I will give it to my friend's small children to play with."
Amazing colors! Buy is you want really good colors!
I've never been so in love with a paint set! Though the paints dry odd in the set itself it all works perfectly! Later I will add photos of my pieces I used it on!
"Wow, what vivid shades! I've always thought of watercolor paint as soft and transparently pale. That's cuz I've only previously encountered cheap pan paints--a half grade above the crap they gave us in kindergarten. Spend a tad more, and the pigments give you a way better bang.

I'm an amateur watercolor student learning from YouTube. I'm not any kind of an expert on these products. The pans are tiny, smaller than I expected, but the pigments are so vivid you really don't need so much; plus it's a travel kit, so everything's smaller. I love the little palette tray that helps keep everything in place during transport. Haven't figured out the ring on the back: it's a little stand, but the angle is weird for me."
"My daughter loves this, her only complaint is the brush that it comes with, other than that it is an excellent quality product. Recommend it highly to anyone who has an aspiring artist on a budget."
"It's working pretty well to me, try it if u wanna enjoy free time with medium low prices.
U should buy more brushes, one brush in the set doesn't enough for u, I think. Cause I bought some more brushes lol.
Also if u have no idea about watercolor, u should take a look on YouTube. They'll show u tips and how beautiful their draws are. "
"Don't squeeze too hard, or water will start to leak from the barrel. Kind of defeats the purpose."
Wonderful
"This is great for first timers I guess but in general the quality isn't very good. The paints are really bad quality that I am scraping them out and filling the palette in with my own watercolors. Also, the water filled brush is extremely hard to use, renedering it useless. The only thing I was kind of happy with were the sponges because I thought that was pretty clever, although they do get dirty pretty quickly. Instead of these, I reccomend buying your own aluminum palette and filling it with some shinhan watercolors."
"I bought this three years ago. I was thrilled and made several high-pigmented painting. I stopped painting for a while and got rolling again last night and remembered how great this little item was. After years of owning this, I'm still happy with it. Thanks!"
I love this watercolor pallet so much! Attached is a photo of some galaxies I painted with these.
"Koi Watercolors are my go to, my main squeeze in terms of watercolors. I've tried Prismacolor pencils, the Winsor and Newton Cotman tubes, and more but somehow always find my way back to Koi watercolors. The colors are stunning, vibrant, and long lasting. As an illustration student, this set has everything I could want or need--it is affordable, high quality, has a high color payout, and the pans last a very long time."
I absolutely love this set; high quality paints and vibrant colors. The waterbrush is very nice though hard to get used to and the case itself is perfect for on-the-go  sessions.
I just discovered this and use it all the time when working with fondant. No more spilling the tiny bowl I dip my brush in. Just a quick squeeze and my brush is ready to use! Perfect cake decorating tool!
Starting my grandkids into water color.  This is portable for trips and they have showed great interest and had fun.  Love the water color brushes that came with it.  The mixing pan is also very useful and included. Colors are easy to use.
"I love this watercolor set. I would definitely recommend it to anyone who wants to start painting. The colors are smooth to paint with and easy to blend. I'm a beginner but this set makes me feel like a pro. I didn't end up using the brush it comes with, the bristles weren't working for me, so I went with a Windsor and newton brush."
"This watercolor set is amazing! It arrived early, and it was packaged perfectly- It came with a variety of colors, and I can carry it wherever I want- BEST WATERCOLORS EVER~!"
"Absolutely love this Sakura koi 48 watercolor set. Color selection is dead on. Waterbrush is great. The set is pretty large. Sits on my lap like a mini laptop. But I like that, makes painting on the couch or chair easy. I ended up cutting the left side so I could put a smaller waterbrush in. And cut the button out so I am able to set the koi brush pen fully capped into the set. Super happy with my purchase. Ugh I waited so long for this. Soooo excited to own it."
"Great watercolor kit for beginners and people on the move! I had trouble with the colors looking muddy, and it was hard to do washes with the paint because it was hard to move the pigment around. Overall, this is a good set if you want to make simple watercolor paintings."
Very convenient watercolor kit. Perfect for us with limited craft space.
"Love the bright colors, full of pigment! :)"
"A side note. You can add 12 Winsor & Newton Artists or Cotman  half-pans to the brush tray in this set! Twelve of them fit beautifully. They just lay in there. I carry my brushes separately anyway, so this gives me a 36 color set. Way-way more than is needed, but nothing exceeds like excess."
We LOVE this watercolor set!  And I've never used one of these self containing water brushes - love being able to take our palette with us on our travels.
"The #6 medium brush is my favorite to use. I have a collection of five medium Koi Watercolor brushes that I paint with as I travel throughout the city of Denver. The water seems to flow best with the #6 brush size. I like to paint with watercolors &gouache with this brush on watercolor paper, claybords, and aquabords.

I have tried the small and large Koi waterbrush sizes- the small brush squirts out too much water too quickly and is hard to handle. The larger brush seems to have trouble getting the water to flow at all, and when I squeeze too hard it sometimes squirts out and drowns out the painting that I am working on. If you want a water brush that is durable and easy to use with consistent water flow, I recommend the Koi brush in the #6 medium size. I tried another brand's waterbrush once and it was just not the same... go with Koi if you want to try waterbrush and painting watercolor & gouache on the go."
"I recently decided to pick up watercolor as a new artistic hobby and this watercolor set was the perfect way to start! The colors are rich and vibrant and I love that the everything is so compact and portable. The kit comes with a removable palette for mixing and storing colors, two small sponges to absorb water and clean your brushes, and a cute little koi brush! Basically everything you need to water color (except for paper, of course)! I personally would recommend buying brushes as opposed to using the one included as I found it slightly difficult to use. However, that could just be me. Squeezing the brush to release more water is just somewhat difficult for me to master. The one handy thing about the brush though is that you don't really need a separate cup to hold your water!

Overall the kit is great for traveling and the assorted colors are beautiful!"
"so fun and easy to use, great for painting at coffee shop or outdoors.
I would highly recommend this product!!"
I was a little neevous about some of the negative reviews but I found them without merit. This is a great watercolor field kit. And the colors are clean and clear.
"I have tube watercolors, so I will have to get used to the ""cake"" kind.  I am disappointed that there is no sepia color as was described when asked what colors were in the pan.  That was one of the reasons I bought it.  I will work around it though.  There should have at least been a burnt sienna."
wonderful saturation of color
"Great product, my daughter loves them."
I love the water brush that lets me travel with this complete watercolor kit.
"I love these watercolors so much, they're so vibrant!"
"Absolutely perfect. I normally paint in oil, so I'm not a expert in watercolors, but I don't know how you could improve on this product.  Everything seems to be good quality, the paints, the brush, the packaging.  The sponges are a good idea, I soak them and use them to clean my brush between colors. Just keep a bit of paper towel to soak up any puddles.  The top lid fits watercolor paper cut to 6"" x 4""."
I'm new to watercolor but I really enjoy this set.
Bought as a beginner for watercolor hand lettering. Good basic color choices for practice. Good quality and love that everything (watercolors and water brush) fits in the case
My teenage son loved this kit.
I love them! very strong colors!
"Rich color, great variety.  A little bit opaque for my taste but that is okay, my mom loves it for her coloring books."
I really enjoy these watercolors! I am a beginner so I just picked the first watercolor set that showed up and I am very pleased. I love all of the colors and how compact the palette is!
My daughter loves it!!!!
"I'm enjoying these Koi watercolors a lot. The box is sturdy and the pallet areas for mixing are more than sufficient for travel and smaller projects.
I find the colors transparent and of good variety. The included water brush is easy to use and I had little trouble figuring out how to control the flow of water. I'm a beginner and went back and forth between these and a Cotman set. Overall I'm very pleased with my choice."
I have been using watercolor brushes from various companies. This is by far the worst! I cannot unscrew the water chamber. It's too soft and I've already ruined it before I was even able to use it. So disappointed with this product and for this company. Is there a warranty on this?
Great product!
These watercolors are fantastic. Strong bright colors and a great range.
"I was so excited to get these. I ordered a set of watercolors in a .5 oz tube and thought it would be good to have a palette style set as well, but I didn't wa to spend a lot of money. These were not the least expensive, but also not the most. So I thought that would mean I would get pretty decent quality for a low cost set. These are better an expected. I used them today and made a color chart. The colors are bright and vivid. They look great as wet on dry, wet on wet, wash, and fine lines. The art is compact and the little palletes are half pallets. The only thing I notice is these are not removable. So I don't believe you can replace a color when they run out. I like the compact size.  It will easily fit in my purse for use when waiting in the doctors office, or use on trips. It also comes with an extra tray for mixing colors. The only two colors that I wasn't totally impressed with vividness is the ivory black and the raw/burnt umber.  Not sure which umber it is. Anyway, those I had to add a couple layersnto get the dark vivid color that I wanted. Overall, I am very happy with my purchase!  I will purchase again. Great for e beginner or amateur artist, or professional artist that needs a compact set on the go."
Bright beautiful colors that are easy to use.
WONDERFUL! Recommend for student or even professional artist.
Love the color and it's really compact and useful.
"So far so good! I have been using this for months now, and I still love it."
Love this brand!
"Bought the smaller set for my granddaughter. It was a great value and she LOVED it and the brush pen that came with it. I have the 24 and 30-color sets and share them with my clients in therapy. I cannot give these enough stars! Travel cases are sturdy and come with a flip out ring on the bottom to help you hold on to them. The tray slides into place for convenience and the colors are potent.... quality watercolors that are as rich and can be almost opaque (some of the beginners and kiddos use them with little water) or for more experienced watercolorists, as transparent as you like. I bought it cheaper trough this seller than the chain craft store where I first saw them. If you are interested in the 12-color set... I'd encourage you to sprig for one of the larger ones with more color options. You will not be disappointed. The brush pens have to be disassembled to fit in the case, but I carry a small bottle of water with an airtight lid .. or carry my larger brush pens separate with water already in them. Highly recommend. I keep buying more and I know I will be a return customer since these are cheaper than the chain stores with the 40% of coupons... and free shoppinwith Prime. Effortless purchase for a great portable art kit"
Super nice and excellent quality!! Thanks!!
"Just as expected, small enough to be carried anywhere and very light. The colors are beautiful, the only thing is that some of the colors were out of the pallet especially white and still can't get it to stick in."
somewhere between student and professional.  pretty sure saturation and mixability
"This watercolor set is cute, small, & works very well. The colors are pigmented and high quality from what I've seen after using them for two art pieces."
Dry somewhat chalky and lots of granulation. It's an okay palette but not my favorite.
Great colors and a super nice size. Love so much
"I loved this set when I first bought it but then did not use it for several months. Today I took it out and when I wet the colors to create a little pool, there were flakes in it as though it separated. I'm enclosing a photo of the napkin I blotted it with. Not sure what happened"
"I've used this for maybe 5-6 months now and it's  relatively good. I like the paint itself but not the brush so much. I have the 24 set and there are many yellow and reds, I'm kinda disappointed that there is only 1 purple in the whole set but that's easily overlooked if you know color theory. I'm no means a professional though"
"Nice vibrant colors - I am not a fan of the brush that comes with it as someone who has never used such medium before, but it makes it complete package to use outdoors. Lots of fun."
Last time I bought the 24 pan set I was extremely pleased with the quality of the paint.  This time the first layer of the paint was grainy and non pigmented.  The box the palette came in had paint smears and crumbs on the inside and outside.  On the plus side it's compact and came with same day shipping.
"Great watercolors. Really don't have much to complain about in terms of the paints, but the case is absolute garbage. Don't get me wrong I love how compact it is, but there is no latch or anything that keeps the lid shut. This could open so easily at any given time. I'm actually depressed that I have to keep the cardboard box to travel with because the case alone can't stay shut. I honestly have no clue who design it but they seriously NEED to be fired"
Great color palate BUT the water flow seems to be uncontrolled when it should only flow when squeezed. Might end up using a regular brush instead with the palate.
Great product...I love it...will buy again.
"This is an excellent field sketch set for on the go painting. Also if you want to paint or sketch in an area with limited space, or just want to be able to grab some paper and this set quickly to paint outside on your patio without having to drag out a bunch of supplies (effectively losing your creative mojo due to the hassle) then this set is perfect. I really love its portability. I got the set of 48 because I wasn't sure how well the paints would mix. I found that they do mix ok, but not as easily as other more expensive paints. I gave it 4 stars because the paint cakes are very dry and it does take a bit of water to get them working, especially in my dry climate. Please note, the paint cakes do not come out, they are glued into the pans with a strong glue.  The pan tray is a flimsy plastic also glued into the plastic pallet case. The paints cannot be easily removed and neither can the paint pan tray without ruining it.  I just thought I would mention this in case someone is considering taking out the paint to put in professional grade paint."
kio was is color !!!!
"Accurate, compact box. The colors are good and clear."
"This watercolor is set is an awesome value. The paints are vibrant and beautifully transparent, and the color selection in the 30 piece set is quite good. I question the usefulness of including the sponge in the palette - it seems like it would be too rough to use with quality brushes, although it is fine for the synthetic water brush that is included. Speaking of the water brush, it's great that it's included, but I do wish that it could be stored assembled in the 30pc palette. The little plug for the water reservoir seems like it is begging to be lost by a space case such as myself. It could've used one of those little plastic loops that keep it attached even when it's unplugged, like many inflatable pool toys and mattresses have. I might have to think about rigging up something like that myself. The only other thing is that I wish the half pans were removable/replaceable, since there are a few colors I would probably swap out, but you can't have everything in life. Overall this is a great option for a higher-end student grade watercolor set."
Best watercourse ever
"This palette is virtually not usable.  The paint amounts are tiny indeed, and poorly attached to the molded cups, causing the paints to fly loose and stick in places not intended when the box is closed and the painter is traveling.  I spend more time trying to reattach paint blocks than I do using the palette.  I should not have accepted it to begin with, but my travel plans precluded a return.  I made the purchase because I read a very positive review for Koi products in Watercolor Artist magazine.  I was mistaken and regret the purchase."
"This is a nice *beginners* palette. I would upgrade to something else in the future, only because I find that these are kind of hard to mix compared to the tube kind."
Great gift and was appreciated for it's practicality and portability!
I love this palette. The colors are so vibrant and beautiful. I tried to upload photos but there was no place to do so. I would definitely recommend this palette to others!
Great set! I am pleased with these watercolors.
"The 36 and and 48 color kits fit a 5 x 7 card vs a 4 x 6 / post card on the top.  So be aware that you get more colors for a large increase in size and weight.  feels twice as big -- whereas the 30 color kit just packed in more colors.  I love the thumb ring underneath. You also get color numbers printed under the half pans in both kits.  If you go for the 48, you lose a sponge, which I love for wiping off the previous color but gain a dozen colors -- Permanent yellow light, gamboge, madder lake light, permanent blue violet, permanent blue red, Indanthrene blue, Pthalocyanine Green, Terra Verde Raw Sienna, Burnt Sienna, Raw Umber, Vandyke Brown.

This gain of two yellows,  four classic earth / warm colors is nice for a landscape painter I think.  You basically get a serious paintbox.  Will update once I swatch this box, but based on the previous 30 color which I also have, I love this brand for coloring books/postcards.  Since you will probably carry another water container besides the brush which will let you do 2-5 colors before running out of water, (if you use wet on wet techniques etc on real watercolor paper I would say 2) you could just as easily carry a sponge or two..."
"I love all the colors in here, and the water brush that came with this set.  I don't know how light fast the paints are, so I used a UV spray over the painting.  The pigments held up well for a light coat of UV spray.  This set of transparent watercolor paints are as advertised."
Really good paints.
Good!
Love these paints and you can't go wrong no matter what your skill level is.
"I'm worse then a kid during the holidays. Other then getting ahead of myself I loved it by the picture and description and ordered 2 sets for my granddaughters 4yrs. and 10yrs. for Easter. I'm not much into candy and it's going to be sent 1,700 miles away. Another thing I sent for were watercolor postcards. Through the years I've seen children with big coloring books half done from lack of interest and overwhelmed. Anxious to see what both of them think when they can take it anywhere with no fuss and for little hands with big creative ideas."
Having a small all-in-one watercolor kit is so convenient and easy to transport. The colors are great too!
"So far I have done two paintings using this little set and I must say these are very nice. I do not think the pigments are are rich as my tubes but for painting outdoors or on a relaxing trip you would be hard pressed to find a nicer set. It was the first time I used a water brush and once I got use to it I liked it. It will not take the place of my other brushes but it works well. The included pallet is fine and you can use the box lid as well. My outdoor/travel kit is in a zippered nylon bag I had from something else and is about 2 /12"" high by 9"" wide by 7"" deep. I've got this set, some cut down 140lb watercolor paper some brushes a pencil or two and a sharpener and a very small cup for rinsing. I highly recommend this set. Oh, you can easily replace the small pan colors with those from your favorite manufacturer when you run out.

BTW, If you are wondering why I didn't give it 5 stars? I don't ""Love"" things. Wish they would change that rating to ""Excellent"""
This little set is gorgeous. The paint is vibrant and great quality. The set is perfect for plein air painting or for simple quick journal-style painting when you don't want to get all of your tools out. I would by it again in a heartbeat.
"These are great to take on hikes.  The enclosed water brush is OK, but I have substituted small makeup brushes and I like them better.  As in all watercolor, the paper makes a difference in the final painting.  I'd suggest cutting your own regular watercolor paper into small pieces (put them in a zip-close sandwich bag, along with a little piece of cardboard for backing and a binder clip) rather than using a small pad of watercolor paper at a craft store."
"To say that I love this watercolor set is an understatement. It's small, perfect for on the go and perfect for what I need it to do. I cannot say much on the brush because I am using a Pentel aquash brush but I can already tell the Pentel is better (kinda played around with the brush that comes with and it does not get the same results)"
Easy to use and carry while traveling.  Nice colors that work well for journaling.
daughter very happy with it.
One of the best watercolor palettes I've ever gotten. Use it all the time. I ordered this over a year and I still have it. The pigments are very long lasting. I like how portable it is and how I can take it anywhere.
"I absolutely love how pigmented these colors are. I haven't used the water brush that came with it much, but is seems to work just fine."
4 of the colors came out unglued in the pain while in the mail. So disappointing and it'd be just a hassle to return/replace such a small thing.
"This is fairly legit one of the best things I've ever purchased. I carry it with me to work, etc, for my art journal, and just for the ability to take a break from life and paint whenever and wherever. The colors are varied enough that you can pretty much create anything you want. The brush it comes with is great; I've also purchased some additional ones for different shapes, etc. I don't work a ton with watercolors in general, I typically use acrylics, so I'm not sure how high quality the paint is, but it works well enough for me. Depending on the amount of water used, it can do excellent washes or deep layers."
Love the range of color and convenience!
I love how convenient this is!! Great brush too! Enough colors so you don't have to mix. When you run out of paint just buy small tubes and squeeze in. I love this koi pallet. There's sponges to clean your brush on the side. It's also easy to clean.
The most fun purchase I have ever made! Very happy. My kids use it too which I didn't expect so I am purchasing more brushes so I can keep mine to myself. :)
Super-pigmented and colorful. Priced right.
"This is a really nice waterbrush! It's very small....I bought the mini tank medium tip brush....it does have a plug for the tank, so you can fill it at home and put the plug in and it's safe and ready to go when you open your little watercolor tin. I will buy more of these for sure."
"This is the best watercolor brush. It is easy to use and doesn't leak (a problem with other brushes) and it's easy to clean. I use it to do bible journaling, and it doesn't let the color bleed through to the other page. It's perfect."
"This is the best set I've owned for it's compactness, completeness, and colors. The water brush breaks down and fits inside perfectly. For the size it's a little wonder. An insert, sturdy plastic ""table"" can be used as a mixing palette. There's a small sponge and the lid can serve to hold your postcard size watercolor canvas. If you want to be prepared to capture a moment anytime, you can slip this in most purses, big pockets, briefcase, etc. since it's about the size of a double set of playing cards. Gift yourself or someone you know."
"Beautiful colors.  I am not at all a  professional artist,  but I enjoy trying my hand at different artistic avenues. These are very inexpensive as well in my opinion."
Great pigment and love how easy they are to carry. I use the small one for work and the bigger one to use while i practice my watercolors.
Nice bright colors. Quality. Fun to use.
"Very handy tool! It helps you take your art with you when you travel, and saves the messy and space consuming hassle of cups of water that spill and need to be cleaned and refilled. I use this both when I use my watercolors and watercolor pencils, and normally use a different set of brushes to keep this one clean for targeted water dispensal. It is not 100% exact and sometimes too much or too little water can come out, but it has never caused me too many problems."
"Love these! This set falls perfectly into the ""good quality"" and ""good price"" categories. The set is portable and would fit easily into a bag or purse and travels well. The tray is easy to clean and perfect for creating a pallet of mixed colors to use. The colors are vibrant and the selection makes it easy to mix many different shades. I do not use the brush much, as I found it hard to control the amount of water in the brush. No complaints."
"My best friends and I each got a set, and I love love love it. Perfect number of colors, love the brush (just don't fill it all the way with water because it'll leak then) and I've watercolored so much after getting it! It's really convenient to carry around and it's always really fun to whip it out during travel or bond with people over watercoloring together (: I even got my sister in law a set! (:"
very nice watercolours for the cheap price :)
"This set of watercolors has incredibly vibrant colors, however, they lack some transparency, and are slightly chalky.  I (personally) wouldn't buy this again, but this would make a fantastic gift to a beginning watercolorist- like I said, the colors are strong, and easily picked up by the waterbrush.  So, that takes off one star- the other one was taken off because the set arrived in a (small) box without padding- thus two pallets weren't attached upon opening, (and the first pallet had crumbled slightly on on edge)."
https://www.amazon.com/dp/B0015AWS8Q/ref=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_3
"Love these watercolors,  would give five stars but a couple were broken."
"This sketch box is completely amazing! It has al what you need to paint with! The brush utself is really good and i even use it with other paints to paint in mi house because it's really nice and has a perfect size for sketching on the go. Enough mixing surface and the sponge is really handy. The paints are decent, it has a great sellection of colors and they are fairly pigmented of course some colors are more vibrant than others. Anyways they are student grade but still nice! In addition this is an awesome set and it's really worth it for the price! 24 dollars for 30 colors, nice box and a brush, this is a big deal!"
"I got this as a xmas gift after going thru my
Smaller Sakura set.  This one is much nicer and thei extras like removable mixing tray and postcards are adorable.  Love the added color blocks, too.  Highly recommend."
Love these water colors. I think they are the best that I have used so far. The only complaint I have is the brush pen. I couldn't use it because it wouldn't screw together.
The best so far!
"These are ok. The colors are not as nice as my Kuretake Gansai Tambi set, which is more expensive but worth it. Not bad for someone just starting out."
Have a very happy granddaughter and she has drawed some very beautiful pictures and painted them
"I loved this! The pigment was satisfactory, and the brush with the water container works great. It's nice for sketching on the couch. I do keep a little paper cup for water nearby, just because it's easier to rinse out your brush with, but I use less water overall, and I'm sure you could use a paper towel, or something."
My daughter loves this little water color set!
"Watercolor is a semi-new medium to me which I'm still getting fully used to. I bought this set spur of the moment, and it's still one of my favorite art-related purchases within the last few months. The colors are very vibrant, more pigmented than I expected, and are very easy to work with. The aquabrush is a bit difficult to get used to, and probably shouldn't be used immediately if you're like me and have never used watercolor paint seriously before. But, after a little getting used to, it's actually extremely convenient and efficient. I've been using this set so much that it's actually my favorite coloring method at this point. I take it with me everywhere, along with mixed media sketchbooks or watercolor paper. And it's so small that it takes up no space in my backpack. If your'e curious about trying watercolor, definitely try this set, it's worth it."
yes!!!!!!! so good
"I had bought the Koi Watercolor Pocket Kit of 24 to get into watercolors. I decided onthis brand because they had such high ratings on Amazon. The thought of a portable watercolor kit intrigued me and bringing it with me everywhere I went was a nice thought. When I first started using this kitI really enjoyed it. Its portable and mess free with the refillable brush.

My perspective of the Koi Watercolor Kit changed when I recently I took a watercolor workshop. The first day the teacher went overpaints, brushes, and papers that were the best and worst. Low and behold she hated the Koi Watercolor set. She explained that this paint was dusty. The reason for this is because it had fillers. I hadnt heard of this before and so far I didn't have any issues with them. I actually really liked them up until I took the class.

When I began painting with them on Arches Watercolor paper with a #10 round brush I began to notice what the teacher had meant by dusty. I noticed that the dustiness wasmore apparent when the paint was applied as a wet on wet or when I had added more wash layers.

I think the main reason I didn't notice this before was because I was using the Koi Watercolors in my mini sketchbook that I carried around with me. The paper isn't watercolor paper and I wasn't painting wet on wet. I was using the Kois to paint my sketches.

However, I am now noticing this dustiness the more I use the paints as well regardless it being wet on wet or on watercolor paper. I notice that its more noticeable with the earth tone colors.

I highly discourage you from buying the Koi Watercolor Pocket Kitif you have any desire to practice with watercolors. For the price point of $21.00 and the weird dustinessthat it gives off I don't think its a real value. Get the Winsor and Newton Cotman Watercolor Compact Set instead!!

TL;DR Don't buy has dusty fillers, buy Winsor and Newton Cotman Watercolor instead!!"
"What a great set! I wanted some watercolors I could use to practice comic illustration and this set works well. The pans a very tiny, but if you are doing detail work it's perfect. I love the detachable mixing trays and the water pen was very easy to use."
I love this watercolor set! It has its own brush and ready to use. Has its own little pallet to mix colors on. It pigmentation is amazing! Love Love! This is a must have!
"I kind of just trust that anything from Sakura is going to be quality, and I was definitely not disappointed in this pen. I'm no illustrator but love the effect this gives to handlettered pieces. Easy to use for artistically-challenged people like myself, easy to clean, just wonderful all around! I highly recommend it!"
"This field set is awesome! The colors are vibrant and it's the perfect size to carry along with you. I put them in a canvas pouch with a cloth napkin (for cleaning my brush) and I'm on my way - I've brought them to work, on trips, you name it! The palette design is also wonderful because it hooks into the case, making it easy to color anywhere. Very happy with this set!"
Completely satisfied. Great product. Perfect for art on the road.
"This is my favorite travel companion.  It truly is everything you need but the paper and you could probably tuck that inside there if you wanted to.  Actually I cut small pieces of watercolor paper and attach them with a rubberband on the outside.  I love the little waterbrush.  I fill it up and don't need any more water for the small postcard type watercolors I work on while out and about.  I can carry this in my purse no trouble at all.  With the little sponge inside I don't even need to carry a papertowel.  Love it.  It's great for bigger work too, and I prefer this palette over the other popular half pan travel set.  The colors and rich and super blendable.  If you are debating between the 24 or 30 set, I would splurge on the bigger set as the extra greens are very nice in this bigger set.  Of course, you can always mix unlimited greens with either set.  This was all I could afford when I started in watercolor and it's turned into the set I prefer over my more expensive pans and tubes.  Worth the money and you can't beat the convenience.  Next time you find yourself waiting, instead of pulling out your phone get out this set and start painting!"
Nice quality for not much money.
Awesome and perfect for traveling!
Product was as advertised.
Perfect. Just what I wanted.
Very nice quality paints. Cute compact travel format. Critical piece is the water pen.  A+ I would buy this as a gift or again if I ever run out.
love this little set so much that i bought one for my niece as well.
just what I need!
"This product is amazing for any artist who likes to get creative on the go. Very small and compact design allows for it to be taken anywhere, and the fact that the water is in the pen itself makes it easy for instant use and easy clean up.  The colors are vibrant and rich and very good consistency when mixed. (Very smooth, no lumps or clots).
The pen is decent in quality for a water pen, but you can always purchase many different brands and sizes separately, I take 2 different ones with me since some things require more detail.
I would recommend this product to anyone who would like to start dabbling with water colors since it is so easy to get started and they will find the quality to thier liking."
"Great product, i absolutely love the amount of pigment in each paint well. Very convenient and portable; fits with plenty of room left in my art bin. Overall a really great product I will buy again!"
"I take this watercolor set with me everywhere in my small travel kit when I'm away at home, and I'm almost tempted to get another one just for home use. The colors are very pigmented and bright. I also liked the design of the case they come in. The removable tray included in the kit is perfect for mixing and diluting. I have not used the water brush that was included; I'm not a huge fan of the way they work."
good
"It is a beautiful set of colors, and the case is feels very nice and sturdy. I just didn't like how some of the pans were cracking at the top. The brush also starts to fray and not as sharp and fine tip as I first got it cuz I used it a bit harshly over the time of two weeks. (For a school project) But after I set aside the brush and paint for a while the brush somehow returned to being fine and not frayed again for some weird reason. Otherwise I am very grateful for this set of water color, my project was an great success."
"I've always wanted to purchase the 48 set ever since I bought the 24 and I really love it!!  its a nice small set that has so many wonderful colours!
little details that i've noticed about the 48 set
- the size is 5.5 x 7.75 inches
- in comparison to the 24 set it doesn't seem like they fill the pans of the 48 set to the fullest. by that I mean there is still some space in the 48 pan that could still be filled while the 24 pans have each of the paints filled to the very top. this is why I gave it a 4 star.
- each of the slots are labeled with numbers. ( i'm not sure why its needed tho?)

all in all its a very nice set. I kinda wish that they had refills for individual pans tho."
"I bought this product as a gift for my sister.
It's very portable, and the brush and paints are very high quality. My sister raved about this product for months!"
Beautiful intense color.
Love it. Ordering the bigger packs .
The colors are gorgeous and the water brush works very well. I only wish the pigments weren't so grainy. Whenever you paint something it leaves kind of a speckled texture on whatever it is you're painting. But for the price I absolutely adore it
"LOVE IT, Very useful, I use it all the time, great to take around"
love the vibrant colors and a little goes a long way! don't be surprised on how tiny this is as I was. i cut the box with the name of the colors and stick it inside the case so i have a reference. my only complaint was the water brush that came with this. i screwed on the brush part to the body of it and can't take it apart! i wasn't able to use it! I ended up buying a set of water brush. i was going to give this 4 stars but i'm in love with the intensity of its colors.
Just great. The colors are very beautiful and the brush works so well. I will be buying again!!!
"LOVE this watercolor set!  I'm dabbling in the world of watercolor and this is a perfect set!  I actually saw the kit being used by a Disney artist, so it seems that it's great for everyone - beginners all the way up to experienced!"
"I bought this as a gift, but when I saw it, I opened it and wanted to try it.  My daughter and I both use it at pretty random times and it's pretty amazing for something this tiny.  I got it with a packet of blank watercolor postcards and thought it would be irritatingly tiny, but it actually works out really great.  Since we use small canvases, the paintings are simple and quick and that feeling of accomplishment is nice instead of leaving larger pieces unfinished forever.  I've actually seen a very similar set being used at a local nature center in a bigger watercolor tablet and that woman was doing spectacular things with a fewer selection of colors!  It's great to get a quick art fix.

Waterbrushes aren't something we're used to, but it's been really fun to experiment with it!"
thank you
The only water color I will ever use!!! So bright and rich ! just loving it!!!!!
Great gift!
Great starter kit for watercolours! I love mine to bits
Quality of watercolor paints is excellent!! Size is handy for 'travel journaling.'
"I like this brush pen- but I like the Pentel Aquash brush pen more.
This particular Sakura pen is small- comparable to the smallest pen in the Aquash set. It works okay but sometimes there is a slight leak."
"Nice, vibrant colors"
"The colors are wonderful! My favortes are the LEMON YELLOW, QUINACRIDONE ROSE, VIOLET, CERULEAN BLUE, PERMANENT GREEN & IVORY BLACK. This box set is super cute, all of the features are fantastic!!! I love the travel portability and compactness!

4 stars because: A couple of the darker colors have lots of sediment in the pigments and I must substitute an alternate color or product in it's place due to the color settling out... overall though a fantastic starter set!"
"I am a novice to watercolor, but I've always wanted to play around with it. I read a bunch of reviews and blog posts for (affordable) beginner palettes/sets, which led me to this one. I got the 24 assorted color set. I love the compact design with the little palette fitting right inside the case. You can really take it anywhere. I don't know much about quality, but so far it's great."
I love taking these watercolors on little hikes and walks about town. They're lightweight and don't take up too much space in my bag. They came with one water brush pen and I've purchased a few other water brush pens to go along with it. I also carry around a small mixed media sketch book and just paint whatever I fancy. The variety of colors is good for nearly any subject (maybe not portraits?) and the little mixing tray is convenient.  It's a nice set and would really make a nice gift for crafty people.
"Love it but the water brush is defective! As soon as I put it together, it jammed stuck and now is impossible to use. Good thing I have other brushes otherwise I would be returning this."
I also loved the brush but was unable to use more than once as it would not unscrew to refill. When attempted to unscrew the plastic broke.
My nephew who is an animator asked for this as a christmas gift. He loved it
"Purchased the 30 piece and i love it. Colors are perfect! And very pigmented. They go a long way. The size if perfect, im so glad i purchased!! Also shipping was very fast!"
"I bought this back in 2014 and still use it to this day and its far from finishing anytime soon! The colors are sooo vibrant and beautiful I have tried more expensive palettes and this is my favorite so far. I'm a serious art student and I take this to my classes everyday and even when going out I take it just in case I get inspired. I highly recommend this to both beginners and professionals, its so great for its price and I worth every penny!"
Great take-alongs for field watercolor work. If you have space in your pack consider the sets of 18 or 24 with the separate paint pallets.
This water color set is wonderful! It is great for traveling artist. I am not the best artist by far but it really is good for begginners and experts!
"GREAT kit for starting out with watercolor!! I wish the sponges worked a little better, but I may just not know really how to use them. There's a great variety of colors, and I LOVE the compact portability and COMPLETENESS of the set. You literally don't need ANYTHING else before heading out to do some practice! Plus, the brush tip SELF-CLEANS as you use it!!"
Small and easy for traveling. Can fit in your purse if you want to unwind at the park and just paint what's in front of you. Very vivid colors! I got 24 colors.
"Trying to pick up watercoloring as a new skill. I'm not the best painter in the world, but this palette has proved to make some of my artwork look beautiful. The color selection is good, and if you can't find the color, just make it! The waterbrush that comes with the palette works well and doesn't leave puddles of water all over my paper. There are a couple colors I don't see myself using ever or often, but the palette does offer a wide color selection to make up for the ones I won't be using. Good quality paint and doesn't bleed through my watercolor paper. Also, the color in the pan is the color that will show up on the paper, not like nail polishes that look different in the bottle and transfer to the nail as a whole different color. Lovely palette, and I can see it lasting me a long time and it's a lovely small size so its easy for me to transport."
"I purchased the 24-Koi set and also the Winsor & Newton 12 pallet travel kit. They are both good startup kits.

Koi pallet is vibrant and not chalky.  Decent for anyone on the go, who wants to do watercolor sketches.  One downside is that I wish the inside of this pallet was a harder plastic instead of a cheap plastic that is used in packaging.  Also I wish the red was red and not so pink.  But overall a decent set for a starter."
Great quality water colors!!
"I got this set as a Christmas gift and I could not be happier!! This has quickly become my go to palette for all watercolor painting, and I know I'll be buying more product from Koi. It took me a minute to realize that the water brush screws on counter-clock wise, which trips me up every time! Obviously, this is merely an adjustment I will happily make for such an amazing product!"
"I'm new to watercolor. I started off doing watercolor pieces with watercolor pencils. I saw this set in a video and heard good things about it so I got it for Christmas. When testing the pigments on paper I was amazed at how vibrant they are! It was just what I needed. Perfect little size to take with me places. I used the brush that came with it and felt so-so about it. I do notice it leaks, so I often have to wipe the excess water off. I don't use the brush as I have better ones but I could see it being useful in the field."
Not what expected but still fun! I'd like to mention that it is my first time using this product.
The colors are so vibrant. The yellows and blues especially! Love this set.
"Purchased these as a gift. Sadly the box had water marks, but everything else about it seems fine!"
"The package arrived on time and looked exactly like the picture. I was really worried about the paint cracking while it was shipped but everything came in safe and sound. The tray, sponges, and brush are a nice addition to this already awesome product."
Great beginner set of watercolors. I am really loving learning how to paint with them.
"I have owned this paintbox for three years now. I disagree with the opinion that this set is for children's use only. Yes the pans are small. They tell you so in the description - half pans. But that size is more than sufficient for sketching. I have done paintings of up to 11 x 15 inches using this set.

Regarding the color quality, I think it's fair to say it is of inferior quality than a Windsor and Newton ""professional"" grade watercolor paintbox. I have found the lighter colors grainy and all the colors just a bit too transparent. But again, you get what you pay for. Until you are willing to splurge $$ for professional watercolor, the quality of this set is more than adequate for everyday sketches and painting exercises.

I can't comment on the waterbrush as I only use real brushes. The colors dry quickly and don't run. I take out the mixing tray when I travel to save a little bit of weight. This kit has been accompanying me on numerous trips in the past three years. You can absolutely buy with confidence!"
"The only reason I didn't give this five stars is because it arrived a bit broken, as shown in the first picture. I wanted this because my grandmother has one of similar size and it was great to use. The colors are nice, just some were popped out when I got it. The maroon/dark red was stuck to the container but I managed to pry it off. It must have been poorly glued, as I could see the glue on the bottoms of pieces that broke off. A little disappointed in that, but I should be able to hot-glue it back. The brush is great and overall a pretty great kit."
very great for drawing
Love! Perfect for someone wanting to be able to tote in purse or backpack.
Daughter loves the aints
"I am an extreme beginner at watercolors and purchased these for lettering purposes. I don't really have anything to compare them to, but the colors are very rich and blendable, and the case is a convenient size. Seems like a very good purchase for the money."
"I bought this item for a friend and she is really excited to put it to use! I paired it with a Moleskine sketchbook, so I hope they work well together."
Just as advertised and on time delivery
Perfect travel companion!
A great set to take on the go. Brush was really fun to use.
Very nice and worth the price.  Thank you.
Nice kit. Arrived in perfect condition. Recommend to all interested.
Love this. So easy to use and comes with a water brush. Best set found yet.
"With koi's rich colors this item will pay for it's self over and over again.

Perfect for school bags or purses the brush makes it easy to be portable because it holds water in it.  No toting a crinkly water bottle for water colors (maybe just a personal problem).

Will buy again when I use this one up!"
"Arrived on time.  It is a gift, so excited about giving it to the person who requested it.  No problems with delivery."
"Overall, I love this product. My expectations were high and they were met! The only thing I will say bothered me a bit is how the box for the watercolors wouldn't close very wel. If you flipped it over everything spilled out of it. Some of the watercolor blocks also started to fall out of their place. Maybe mine just came in a bit defective? These were both easy fixes with a bit of hot glue though. Again, love it nonetheless"
gave it as a gift. the positive reviews were reason chose this for my friend.
"I really love the colors and the convenience of the set. However, I dropped the set once and now the case doesn't close in place which makes it harder to travel with. Now, I have to either wrap an elastic around it or place it inside a small bag to keep it shut. I was expecting a bit more durability for a field sketch set. That said, the rest of the set made it through the fall just fine and I think it's a really good purchase with a great price."
"I think I own every travel watercolor field kit in existence, and this is one of my favorites. The colors are strong and true, and the box is so handy.  I love the water brush that is included, and I bought some extra ones -- the Pentel Arts Aquash Water Brush Assorted Tips, Pack of 3 -- so I'd have plenty of spare water brushes in my travel watercolor kit."
"This Is a very handy take-along set and the paints are nice.
I bought this because of the review by TheFrugalCrafter."
excellent
Wish the colors were deeper pigment
"The travel water brush is great and doesn't leak.  The colors moisten easily and make their use enjoyable. The choices of how to place the mixing tray are very useful...and I especially like the sponges built in so there is one less item to juggle at the scene.  The thumb ring underneath is so handy.  As the pans empty of paint, I'll refill them with pieces of Daniel Smith's amazing watercolor paint sticks. It's lightweight and in the perfect travel size for a bag or purse."
"I like these watercolor brush pens best because they let me carry the pen already loaded with water.  There is not always a water fountain handy.  If I carry water, I also need to carry a funnel and a paper towel.  I love the Koi watercolors, and I prefer their pens."
"Exactly as described. Item was packed perfectly and arrived sooner than expected:). I love this product and enjoy using it. Extremely convenient and quality is great. Pen does not leak, colors are vibrant with enough options to tweak as you like. Would purchase again without hesitation."
this product took my water color to a whole new level. It's so fun to use even for a beginner!
Super convenient. The pigment of the colors are great. I use it really often. I really love it.
Amazing watercolors.  Very rich colors!
Good colors.  Easy to use & colors are pretty true.
"Got this for my husband. He says it's a nifty little kit but that the quality of the colors leave a little to be desired.  That said, he intends on using it till it's all gone, so ""okay"" colors or not, it was worth purchasing."
They are GREAT good pigments and super easy to use for a beginner I love them
A really good product for the price and will travel anywhere.
"I love these watercolours, they are very vibrant. The only thing I dislike is that the inside of the case where the watercolours are is cheaply made I wish it was all hard plastic."
Fun way to paint on the go.
:)
"What an ingenious design! Very compact & well thought out. I am new to watercolor & use this for outdoor nature journaling. I would give it 5 stars, but some of the colors, the pigment dries with a clumpy look to it."
"LOVE this set. I use it all the time, even when I'm at home."
I've been enjoying these paints. They are very good quality and compact so they're easy to bring with me in my purse or a small bag with my brushes and notebook for painting. I'm very happy with this purchase.
Beautiful colors! Love how handy it is!
Very nice and compact. I have a limited amount of workspace in my dorm so the fact its no bigger than my hand is great. Colors are clear and bright and mix well. I love the brush they give you and honestly its worth the money to buy the other sizes to travel with (i had bought them previous to buying this set and brought them along on road trips). the sponge is not that great so if you use sponges for blending i would recommend buying a different on and cutting it so it fits in the box.
My daughter loves this paint set.
Thanks!
my colors have never been so fluid. i love these paints
"Great size for traveling.  I had what I needed for quick watercolor paintings and sketching while traveling, and it did not take up very much room."
Great paints and quality. Fun and easy way to throw it in your bag to take along. Love that you can fill the brush with water too. Nice and compact and functional. Lots of great colors at your fingertips!
Got the big 48 pack now love the warehouse deals came fast in great shape was used but like new the paint never been touched and I Love these paint work really nice great deals very happy
I'm an illustrator and I love colors of koi watercolor. It's already my second purchase of it and definitely not the last one.
"Bought for my 12 year old daughter, it's exactly what she was expecting and loves this watercolor set! We highly recommend this set!"
Excellent price.
"This is a great set, it offers a lot for such a low price. Not artist quality but the colors are really vibrant, a little goes a long way, the waterbrush is really great and overall I really love the set desing."
"Pretty awesome watercolors, probably not for professional use but this kit is really fun and portable to do artwork with."
This is one of the best watercolor set I purchased this year.  I love that it comes with a brush and sponge.  I was able to take take it with me to work and start drawing right away during my free time. It fits right in my purse and I love how portable they are.  The watercolors are of a good quality as well. Very pigmented and blends well with each other.  I could be making about any color by mixing these together.
Better product can be purchased at lesser price.
Gosh what an amazing punch of colour in a portable size! Awesome selection of colours and no chalky residue one can get from cake style watercolours.
Love the compact travel size. Colors are strong and vibrant
Awesome. Vibrant colors
"I ordered this today from Prime Now and LOVED it-the colors, the brush, the case-everything! The brush is especially useful for smaller projects or for adding details. I chose this set because of its high ratings and for the large color palette. Having 24 colors gives me a chance to mix and create more gradients than I would be able to with a set that only came with half as many options. I ordered a Strathmore Watercolor Paper Pad at the same time and I loved the texture the pad gave, I also really enjoyed the fact that the paint dried so beautifully. I've read reviews from other watercolor paints and saw that some of them were left feeling chalky. I was quite relieved to find Sakura watercolors dried so smoothly! Would definitely recommend to anybody looking to do watercolor artwork!"
good
Wonderful watercolor. High quality - almost like professional. Good price.
"Love everything about this set, great color selection and blends well (8/10). Would definitely order again."
"very nice pigmented colors with a good variety. i felt that the size didn't match up to the price, but the amazing color pigments and varieties definitely make up for that."
"Great for us in travel and en plein aire painting.  Good solid color,"
The colors are amazing the kid is great to use when I'm out on the Run
These were all great.  Just what I needed!
Bought as a gift for my mother who is a watercolorist. She said she was impressed by the quality of the paints themselves (apparently the colors in kits are usually lower quality) and she liked the water pen/brush even though she typically opted to just use one of her own brushes.
"This thing is perfect, and I mean perfect, for traveling! I thought that the small barrel would mean that I would have to fill it up regularly, but I actually (and luckily) didn't have to!"
Absolutely the best watercolors I have ever purchased. They are so vibrant and true to color. will definitely buy in the future when I need to refill my colors.
"One day I decided I wanted to learn how to watercolor. My husband gave me a challenge of spending no more than $20 on supplies since he was sure this was going to be a fleeting passion of mine. I went to my local Hobby Lobby and picked up some low-end HL brand watercolor stuff. Sure, I met his challenge, (I had a coupon... duh) but those items sucked and were frustrating to use! Hubby decided my painting skillz were alright after all, so I purchase this Sakura set. Oh man. What a difference these made! I may not be the next Van Gogh, but these are good enough for my newfound hobby. The colors are bright and vibrant! Also, I like that when I'm not using them the case tucks away neatly in my desk. If you have a budding artist these will do the trick!"
"Such an amazing product! My friend had one of these and I absolutely had to get myself one. Blended colors and creating new shades is made simple with this all in one watercolor kit. The pen replacements aren't expensive and the color pads last a surprisingly long time! Very easy and simple to use, clean, and re-use without the mess that's usually associated with general watercolors and brushes."
"I've been drooling over this set since earlier this year. I've used the koi watercolor tube set of 18 for a couple years but always wanted one of the travel sets. It's nice and compact, and quite sturdy for it being plastic. Very pigmented paint and I can definitely take it with me on trips. I'm thinking of getting this for my mom for Christmas for her to start her watercoloring journey.

Definitely would recommend this set to a beginner or intermediate artist. I provided a few pictures. Two of the product and one of a painting I made with just the Sakura Koi paint from the set."
Love it! would definitely recommend.
"This Sakura koi watercolor set looks awesome which is why I bought it. The pallet is such a cool layout and it's a nice size and shape for portability. Unfortunately the paints are pretty bad. They are extremely chalky and and weird when dry. They don't stay wet long in the pallet, which I don't mind because that means it's easy to pack them up when you are done and throw them in your bag to go without worry that the colors will run. The paint quality is lower than what I would prefer even for sketches. I have seen children's paints that were better. Some of the colors were a little too similar so there are some where the color could have been different. The brush was adequate to use.

My end verdict is that the pallet is cool but the paints aren't very good. I wish they were replaceable half pan but it's not because I would at least keep the pallet and put my own paints in. I will give it to my kids to use. If I would have known that the paints were this bad and it's not the type of tray that you can replace the paints with your own, I wouldn't have bought it. My kids will enjoy it though."
"Paints are great; have been using since receipt and loving! But just went to use brush and threads do not align. Would love replacement of the same, if possible, and happy to send back defective brush."
"I love, love, LOVE these watercolor cakes! They are the perfect size and the colors are so vibrant. Also the 24color set contains, literally, every color I could want for on the go. These are just a joy to work with, I'd recommend them to anyone. And I'll definately be purchasing them again."
"I chose these paints because I wanted to give watercolors a try and after looking around a bit they seemed like they'd be a decent set for a fair value.
I haven't tried any other watercolors to really compare these to, but I'm definitely thrilled with these. The set has a lovely variety of colors and you can easily mix anything you need. The colors themselves can get very bright and pigmented yet are easy to blend and apply the lightest washes. For my beginner needs, these are perfect.
The only thing I'm not too thrilled about is the brush. I probably just need more practice with it, but it's awkward to use for me. At home I definitely won't be using it, but it is very convenient when travelling with your watercolors which is the whole point of the set I suppose.
Definitely very happy with these."
good
"Great flow, brush tip size. No problems here."
These are the best watercolors I have used! The colors are bright and clear. Easy to mix colors. I love them!!!!'
small quality package with vibrant colors
"This 12-pan watercolor set is excellent value for blending and the perfect size for travel or moving around. Item arrived within 5 days, the earlier end of the estimated shipping time."
Love these kits for plein air or journal painting but these are so small. They don't advertise wrong-  I didn't read. Very handy but I would have ordered larger.
<3 fallen in love with this
My first experience with watercolors. I love this little set. Grab it and go.  Colors are wonderful.
"There is a great variety of color with this set and great for just getting started with consistency, layers, mixing etc. However, like most student grade watercolor pans, the colors do not stay vivid or pigmented when dried after doing a wet on wet technique. I've tried different brands of watercolor pans that ranged from the $5-$100 price rance, and I still recommend the Winsor and Newton Cotman half pan watercolor set of either 24 or 42. Of course it is going to be more pricey ($40-$70), but the colors dry beautifully and add so much more expression and strength to your paintings. Winsor and Newton Cotman is not the professional grade of Winsor and Newton's watercolor paints, but I still think it is the absolute best out of all other student grade watercolor pans out there. Of course, with artists it usually comes down to personal taste on what they think is they best, so this is just my honest opinion of what I have concluded after experience."
Super portable. Mines traveled all over. Colors are nice too.
Amazing! Worth every penny! Great for traveling on the go quick painting
"I LOVE this thing!!!! I had only ever watercolored as a child in art class, so I got this to try something new! I love the trend of adult coloring books and using these watercolors really takes it to the next level! The brush with water in the handle is awesome, and I bought an extra small brush of the same kind to use as well so I have a thick and thin brush option.
So much fun as a novice, but I also think a seasoned watercolor artist would appreciate this! (a friend of mine who is recommended this to me!)"
Perfect for journaling! I love it!
I simply love it. it's great for traveling i can find no problems with it.
"Excellent watercolor set. The colors are vivid and high-quality. The water brush is a neat idea, but the bristles fall out easily."
Really love this travel kit! Everything about it!
Love this product. Good vibrant colors and compact to travel.
Wonderful design and smooth pen.
I got this watercolor kit because I was tired of the cheap watercolors I had and I wanted something new. I didn't expect to love this palette and now I just use this instead of my other watercolor pattlets. I love the color and they mix perfectly together.
Love this set!  Perfect for on the go painting! Colors are vibrant!
beautiful color set and compact size
Great quality and very practical kit. Bought them for my daughter and she loves them.
This kit is small but in many ways that's what makes it perfect.  The inclusion of a waterbrush is very nice since I imagine most people be to watercolor don't know they exist.  I've really been enjoying this set to use for background washes with a larger brush and detailed painting on  coloring book pages. The pans are too small for children but perfect for anyone in their tweens and up with a delicate touch.
"One of the passions I have are watercolors. Everyone who may know of me knows I love all types from paint to pencils. I was on the lookout for a pan set that would not break my wallet and I had heard a lot about Sakura so I took the plunge and bought this field sketch set. When I get something new I like to play with it and one of the first is just applying the colors to paper so I can see how they look. The pigment in these is very nice and they work like a dream for me. I am super excited to work on my next project. I am also thrilled with the size, it's perfect for traveling and the brush has a cap for the tank so it won't leak. One tip, I cut up my larger watercolor pad to the 6 x 4 size of the container so I have them for taking with me on a trip and it all works great!

The case is well crafted and the pallet slides off so you can connect it anyplace you like. There are little built in sponges to soak up access water and clean the water brush between colors. This water brush is nice with a great tip and no loose fibers. I like that I can use it for petals or leaves and I like the end cap on the tank. In my case I find it pretty easy to control too.

Overall. I am super pleased with the quality and pigment in the pans. The 24 colors are a wonderful variety. It's awesome for travel or home use. There are no issues at all with the water brush or the seal on the cap.
I have nothing negative to add at this time."
Love the colors and the compact size. It's perfect for traveling.
Not bad!
"I love this, it's cute and compact, and the colors are nice."
This product is great! 24 colors in this compact size !! There is a container where you can mix and create more colors (even though I don't use it)
Handy little watercolor set with palette and aqua brush.  Great for a beginner.
Exactly as advertised
"Pros:
Colors are bright. A lot of colors. Compact.
Cons:
The pigment is not completely water soluble.
Some paint when mixed become like a dust in the water.
Palettes are made from hydrophobic plastic.
Additional palette not holding in mounts."
Simple basic watercolor set. Small enough to fit anywhere. Great for on the go. Quality is pretty good.
Great quality and good starter kit for someone wanting to start watercoloring and brush calligraphy.
"It's everything I really wanted. It's also a perfect size, a bit smaller than I expected but it made it perfect! I can easily use my own brush instead of the one it comes with. I would definitely recommend it to my friends!"
It beats using a normal water coloring brush. It's easy to fill and it doesn't leak.
"The colors come out like butter, and I loved the included brush."
"I LOVE THIS.  I was debating between this and a couple of other watercolor sets.  I am in love with the watercolor brush, this was my first time using one. It works beautifully.  I am by no means a watercolor expert, I'm still learning. I like the selection of colors and you can easily get some color going from the palettes and just paint away.  I'm excited to take this with me when I go on trips and paint outside.  The little mixing palette is great, it doesn't lock as well into the palette itself as I would like but it stays, so its no big deal.  If you know an artist that likes to travel, they would love this as a gift. Or just any person that loves to paint, or may want to try watercolors.

here's a little doodle I did"
Luv them.  Great pigmentation.
"Greatest thing ever!! Didn't realize till purchasing as a gift for someone else that there is another set that is the same size, but has more colors."
"Surprised that I really like it! Just a little down side of having the additional colors is that there is now less extra storage space. There is no room to put pencil or anything else in the trade. Overall I am pretty happy with the color strength. It does takes some practice to get use to the brush. But it is very handy, and I also bought the blank postcards which fits perfect on the lid area. Overall pretty happy with the purchase. If I buy it again I might consider getting the 24ct though... More space for storage and much cheaper in price."
"This is an updated review.  After using a different watercolor brush instead of the one that came with the set, the colors actually came out very vivid and vibrant and I was pleasantly surprised at the quality.  The included brush doesn't seem to hold that much water in the bristles, resulting in pale colors that doesn't spread as easily.  I would definitely recommend using another brush with this set, as I did not like the water brush at all.  I would prefer using the Prima water brush or the Aquash water brush.  Additionally, this watercolor set looks like it may last a long time, and I also like the fact that if you do run out of a specific color, you can always refill the pan with the Koi tube watercolors with the matching color.  I love the small size which makes it very easy to take with you anywhere and makes it more versatile than the other watercolor sets I own, especially since this particular set includes so many colors.  For these reasons and more, I am raising this to a five star review and it has my highest recommendations."
"My first thought when I saw the teeny palette of colors was ""How disappointing. They are so small."" (about the size of my thumbnail -- and I have small hands.) And then I used them. I was instantly WOWed! This is not like the kids 8-color watercolor sets that I've played with in the past. These colors are so vibrant. So rich. So beautiful. I love the tiny little case, the lift-up mixing palette, and the included water brush. I don't travel with watercolors, but for someone who does this would be perfect. You could easily fit it into a purse or backpack."
"I got this set from a recommendation from an art instructor. I like the palette design, but the paints are not as good a quality as Windsor Cotman and I certainly wouldn't put this next to Daniel Smith. Daniel Smith is far better.  This set is fun to use though. Not worried about wasting, because it's good for practicing."
"I am SO happy with this set! I've never done much watercolor and what I have done was with watercolor pencils which isn't the same really. So I was nervous about this but the brush works perfectly and the paint set is great. Good quality deep colors and a handy palette for mixing shades. I wish now I'd gotten the larger set and will upgrade at some point. The picture I'm uploading is just a quick sketch, my first attempt to use the pen. It will take a little practice to get the flow right but so far I'm thrilled."
"I love these paints, they're the most favorable when it comes to transporting. I've had my paints for a long time now and dirtied the inside but it's to be expected with a painter like me. The only thing that you have to purchase again for this item is a new sponge and a new paint brush, because they tend to get dirty after a period of time and the paint brush barrior starts to break. To me this isn't a real big problem, it's normal since I've used others of paintbrushes like this but the koi is the one that has lasted the most time.
It's 4 1/2 inches in hight 6 inches in length and about an inch wide
It comes with a clean pallet (mines a bit dirty because of my niece) Pegs on the bottom of the pallet to place in the top or the sides of the watercolors.
Removable sponge that might need to be replaced at some time (you can choose to place it on the left or right of the watercolors)
Koi watercolor brush with plug and Med brush tip
Ring on the bottom of the set to hold with the index finger
(Last picture is artwork done by me using the koi 30ct watercolor set)"
"Beautiful designed & put together, great colors, useful case.  Might be just a little big for tossing in your handbag, but what a selection of colors.  Wow!  Would definitely recommend."
I got these since I've been wanting to try these in contrast with my winsor and newton cotman set. The Sakura pans are a bit smaller than half pans. The main thing I dislike about it is that the plastic case the watercolors are set in is flimsy so when I want to refill the square again I need to be gentle with it. The case is sturdy and the snap is secure so it won't open unexpectedly in a backpack/purse. The pigments are vivid and go a long way with just a little paint. They mix well since I use a light wash when I paint.
I wish I ordered the larger one.. Love it
"It's perfect for me. I am starting to get in to watercolors again and it's perfect for me. The selection of colors is enough. Very compact, would definitely buy again."
"I don't have anything to compare it too and they do get chalky but I think I just have to get better at working with them. The colors are very pure and almost always need to be mixed... I've attached a couple quick paintings I did. I like the brush, just wish there was also a flat brush for washes. Great little kit to carry with me on my travels. I did the attached paintings using the included waterpen with the Sakura Koi Field kit in a moleskin watercolor journal #140."
Sent this back and got something else because the water brush leaked a lot and the brush was half of why I wanted it.  But it was also really heavy in my hand.  Didn't try the paint as I knew it was going back.  But I did like that the mixing palette was able to be moved around.  Paint pans are small compared to like the cotman half pans.  No idea what the sponges are for other than maybe cleaning the water brush after you squeeze out some water?
"Please note: The 5 star rating is for the good color options and the convenience of a portable watercolor kit for painting on the go - and from the prospective of someone very new to using watercolors.

I joined an outdoor sketching group over a year ago. Painting outside presented several challenges for me and my initial attempts were frustrated by the difficulty in juggling brushes, paints, a water bottle- all while holding onto the sketchbook and trying to draw in it! After I discovered water brushes and stumbled on this Koi Sakura portable watercolor set, I was finally able to get down to the business of painting. At first, I wasn't sure if I'd like watercolor as a medium and didn't want to spend too much. At less than $25 for the color range and portability, I felt I couldn't go wrong buying this set. At that time, I also purchased the Cotman 14-color watercolor set but didn't like the flimsy-feeling palette and the paints kept falling out. I needed something easier to manage.

This 24-color set had all the shades I needed with a few colors I don't even use. It folds up neatly into a small, square box that fits into my shoulder bag. The colors are strong and more on the opaque side - which was my preference, initially. The problem I did have with the Sakura paints is that mixing colors created muddy results. I read somewhere to not mix more than 2 colors together if not using single pigmented watercolor brands. These are beginner/student quality but are much better than the retail store stuff that's all chalk and barely produces any color.

I've only used the included brush a few times early on. It was too much work to take off the plug and then attach the brush end to the barrel (and then dismantle in reverse after I was done). Instead, I bought several other fuller length water brushes. I like the Niji, Kuretake and Pentel Aquash brushes and have used Derwent ones as well. I just store the other water brushes (won't fit the Sakura case) with my drawing pens and pencils that I bring along with me, in a pencil pouch.

Now I'm ready for better quality paints and the price difference is considerable. I plan to keep this Koi set because the box is sturdy and well-made. I can replace the paints with better watercolors once I decide which to get. I've tried the Prima Marketing paints and was impressed with the color clarity and how more translucent they are compared to the Koi brand. I suppose this is part of the learning -- knowing what good paints look like on paper and what they can do!"
"These are my favorite paints. I have been using them for years and love this 30 color size. They blend well, can be soft and transparent or bold and colorful. The included water brush works wonderful. Fill it up, tuck it back in the paint box. Drop it in my back pack with my favorite Strathmore mixed-media journal or watercolor postcards, add a pencil and off I go."
"I absolutely love this set.  The colors are beautiful, the quality of the paint is excellent and the plastic case the items in this kit come in is fabulous.  Great for home or away use - and can absolutely be used in a variety of adult coloring books - adds another layer of fun to the coloring.  The kit even includes a water pen,  a palette and  two foam sponges.  Would recommend this kit to anyone."
"This item had been returned and was sold as new. You could see that about half of the colors had been tried and there were stains on the mixing tray from previous use! I'd return it for an exchange, but it isn't that big of a deal - it just makes me mad that they sold it as a new item."
"These are my favorite brand of water colour paints. I think there quality is excellent, they're easy to control and use, the pigment is strong, and the are affordable."
"I have been a serious watercolor painter for 15 years. I tried this set for travel and ended up using them for a month while supporting my brother through a health crisis ICU to rehab at Johns Hopkins. The brush and water reservoir is fantastic because it works without need for a dipping water jar.  I got used to the squeezing for blending in about a hour of practice. The colors are very rich and hold up well for extended use.  My set is barely used after 10 paintings.  I highly recommend this set to anyone that wishes they could do a little watercolor painting in an hour or so of spare time, without braking out an entire set up.  I can set up, paint clean up and put away this set and the set up and clean up time is about 3 minutes, honestly. I highly recommend giving this set a try."
"The colors are bright and vivid!  Super cute, small and great to toss in your bag to have ready whenever you feel inspired to paint!"
"Brought this for my friend for a late birthday present, this thing is so amazing And the colors are very beautiful! A little smaller than expected though, but that's completely fine. After I saw my friend use it, i wanted to keep it for myself xD will definitely buy another one"
"I'd tried some cheaper watercolors from a friend and thought I'd like to give it a try.  They were good but these were awesome!  I've done nearly 50, 8 1/2 x 11"" paintings and they're still lasting great!

Colors are vivid and cover extremely well.  I'm using mine on printer paper and would recommend pre-wetting areas to keep them even blending.  The brush quality is great!  So much so that I rarely use the other water color brush set I purchased.  The sponge might work but I prefer to have a dry, folded paper towel on hand to purge/squeeze/clean the brush.  The pallet works nicely for mixing.  The whole kit packs up wonderfully and lives in my backpack.

I couldn't be happier with the purchase and didn't expect to enjoy watercolors so much!

*Primary use- illustration and comic drawing for game design."
It's great for travel and for a home set. The color palate is bright and at the same time dull too so you can mix a high variety of colors to match your needs. I love the sponges on the side which ensure a place for sliding off any excess paint or water! Wasn't too big a fan of the brush though or maybe that's cause I couldn't get the hang of using it?! Not sure. Either way this product is excellent and would recommend!!!
great product
Case is sturdy and nice size for painting outdoors.  Love the divided pallet.  Colors are vibrant.  Water brush was a surprise....really enjoy using it.
The 30 color set has nice colors.  For the price they are good.  I don't really care for the slippery plastic box.  However the paints are held nice into place.
"The product arrived in perfect order and as described :) Thank you
As far as quality.. you get what you pay for. These watercolour paints are greatly pigmented for the price. Good student grade option."
"This watercolor brand is amazing! I love it. A friend recommend me this brand and I found it a reasonable price. You don't really have to get some palettes with a lot of colors, so this palette is great for including a mixing plate as seen in the image provided."
This is a great water brush and so far I've been using it nonstop. I can create cool watercolor paintings with little blending which this allows me to blend with ease. Not only that it came earlier than what it expected to come.
"If the water brush was better, I'd give it 4 stars.  My main disappointment was how small it was - my fault for not paying closer attention to this before purchase.  The colours are nice but not great but there is ample mixing space.  The water brush is - leaks too much water - when you press it and leaks water when you're not pressing it.
All in all, I was expecting higher quality paint; they are too opaque and a bit chalky.  But for my skill level, they will do until I get better at watercolour painting."
"Never leave home without it now.. Always being creative with this product, I would buy this again before any other water color set!"
It's a great traveling watercolor kit containing everything you need including the water. I've  used  one for years but needed to replace it.
"I think this is a really decent set of watercolors. The paint is pretty pigmented. Maybe not very top of the line, but light years better than most student brands. The brush unfortunately wouldn't come apart to be refilled after the first go. This didn't really stop me from painting since I didn't really use it anyway. Even while traveling, I still want to use multiple brushes and have plenty of water.

Maybe I don't sound totally floored with the paint, but for the price I think it's fantastic. The design of the kit is the real show stopper though. It's very compact and very sturdy. I'm a big dork for messy art stuff and I really love how the white of the plastic looks when the different colors of paint dry on the mixing palate after a few uses."
"I'm a newbie watercolorist who watched lots of youtubes before picking this pallette. I'm still figuring out what paper works and what doesn't,  but the colors are beautiful and seem to hold their pigment well. I like the pull-out mixing tray and it's compact size. I will need to make my own sampler bc I can't tell some of the colors apart when they're dry. Recommend!"
This is my favorite watercolor set for all purposes.
Best watercolor set for beginners!
Just started using this set about a week ago and am impressed with the quality of the colors.
"I feel like a real painter when I usw the Koi sketch box of water colors.  I am a beginner so I really don't know the difference in quality paints.  I have a  varity of sets and tubes but these so far are my favorite go to's.  Great pigments and colors are vivid.  I thanks ""The Frugalcrafter"" for this recommendation.
Love:  brush (holds water well without having to refill),  the removeable palette  has great surface paint and I especially like that it isn't slick so the paint and water stays in place); light weight and palm size.  I will definetely purchase Loi paints again; tubes next time."
"I love these watercolors. Considering how much use I've gotten out of them, they are definitely worth the price.

Pros: Wonderful range of colors, ranging from earthy to candy-coated, and great concentrated pigment for layering. It didn't become gooey like a lot of cheap watercolors. Super easy cleanup for that reason - even easier than most watercolors.
Cons: the waterbrush was useless after the red peg to keep it shut fell out and got lost; however, I typically didn't transport it with that brush anyways.

I've used these watercolors for a lot of daily sketches as I've done daily sketches for 143 days in a row (with the goal of 300, using the book 300 Drawing Prompts). These watercolors are wonderfully portable and serve me well when I want to sketch with color. I've attached some pictures of my results to show how bright or earthy these watercolors can be."
"this product could be better... the water that you put into the container barely reaches the brish and gives out minimal water flow, i have to squeeze the water out for it to work better unless the water colors will be mostly dry"
"Arrived nicely, earlier than expected. Everything intact, nothing broken so far! Can't wait to start using them!"
"I bought this from watching other people using this from the world of internet. I love this. So much. I'm still a newbie at watercoloring, but the colors. Oh gosh, the colors. I love the colors."
"Sakura 38550 4-ml Tank Koi Water Color Brush,...I wish I had ordered more."
"A WONDERFUL, DEEP VIBRANT palette, I use them all the time and am very VERY happy with them.
I did a Fade Test on them and they DID NOT FADE.
Placed under the Southern sun in the middle of Summer for 7 days these things barely faded AT ALL.
I have NOTHING but praises to sing for these paints.

The only ""down swing"" I can find is that they ARE cakes/pans, dry watercolors that have to be re-wetted and therefore they've curled, buckled and are a bit annoying, like any other Dry watercolors are when having to deal with them. For lack of how else to describe it they are a bit chalky in their cake form, but they dry out FAST and are NOT chalky, or powdery on the page AT ALL.

Their color/pigment is DARK, BRIGHT and overall WONDERFUL.  I use these for everyday painting, and they are PERFECT for travel too.
I recommend these to ANYONE, Especially if you're just getting into buying more high end, or EXPENSIVE watercolors, try these out first, they are GREAT. =-D"
NICE SET
This was A LOT smaller than I had anticipated. Especially considering I got a huge one for the same price. (Large for this product means small)
"The water colors came in neat little chunks in a nice plastic container with a palette. It was definitely smaller than I anticipated, but the size/deepness of the wells seem like it'll last me a while. The brush pen is of decent quality; not super great, but works as intended. There are a lot of great color selections in this one, and is a great kit for beginners and student artists."
"Great colors and pigment. Very nice and bold. Good consistency. Nice construction. Great to travel with and love the little thumb hook underneath! Little tiny squares of color, but you get a lot of bang for your buck out of them. Will buy again. I hope they have one with slightly bigger squares though."
"Love this set. The colors are beautiful and apply so nicely. I use the brush included, but find that it is a little thick for what I want to do with it, which is hand-lettering/calligraphy. The design of the brush however is great. It's smart, clean, and convenient. I read a trick to wet the desired colors with a few drops of water and waiting for it to seep in. I will always use this technique now. The colors come out sooo opaque and vibrant."
Love these paints!!!
"I really enjoy painting with these water colors, I'm a happy customer."
I use these to hand color photo graphs with watercolors which requires lots of detail work. I love them for the sharp point they keep which makes it possible for me to get the details done
"Lovely colours. Hard to was colour out of the water brush though, if I use the sponges then they get full of colour and end up dirtying the brush again. Water brush also leaks a little and puts out too much water in places. However, I still enjoy using it because of how easy it is to play with the colours."
arrived on time and works perfectly
"Bought one for my pre-teen and it is such a great set, I had to buy one for myself as well! A great selection of high quality pan colors, the brush is excellent (though I have never used water brushes in the past, so I can't compare to other such brushes), the sponges and palette are useful, the whole thing is compact and light, perfect for quick studies in the back yard. The lid acts as an easel, and perfectly accommodates&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Strathmore-400-Series-Watercolor-Postcard-15-Cards-in-Each-Pack-3-Packs-PER-Order/dp/B00AL6VTRG/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Strathmore 400 Series Watercolor Postcard 15 Cards in Each Pack/3 Packs PER Order</a>.

Great purchase!"
"<div id=""video-block-RY82AL4C0SP1D"" class=""a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block""></div><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/E198AmN1U8S.mp4"" class=""video-url""><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/81%2Br0u0AmLS.png"" class=""video-slate-img-url"">&nbsp;Perfectly cute and compact watercolor set for traveling! While it is tiny, that's the whole point. I have no trouble mixing colors from it, but are they the same as the better quality artist's colors? Nope. After making my own cakes using Windsor and Newton artist's colors in tubes (and also using other pans), I can clearly see the difference.

Here's my full review after using it a while:

Pros:
1) It's tiny and compact, not too heavy.
2) It has the right accessories with a big pan for mixing that is adjustable for position, two sponges for use with a water pen, and a water pen that has a nice reservoir.
3) Wide range of colors means mixing any color is really possible without too much trouble.
4) Colors are rich and dense, particularly for a student grade kit.

Cons:
1) Lightfastness! The site has no info on that and reports conflict. Everyone will have to conduct their own tests, which is a pain. That makes it less reliable for finished pieces meant to be seen. It's fine for journaling or learning.
2) Static! The plastic is very static-y and will attract debris and hair (like cat or dog hair) right to it. Especially in winter or in dry conditions. Huge pain!
3) No metal. Mixing colors on plastic is not my favorite because it stains.
4) The brush is big. I got a Zig to replace it and like that just fine, but I do more detailed work.
5) The pan inserts are thin plastic and have to be refilled using the Koi tubes, but if you want to switch to a more lightfast version from another maker, you can do that. Even so, not being able to slip in a new pan is annoying and the plastic is thin enough that it's a bit worrisome.

Who is this for? Because the set is listed as non-toxic, it's great for younger persons just starting their journey. Because the plastic is super sturdy, it's also great for kids that have gone beyond the whole crayola thing. It's fine for journaling or just experimenting while traveling, but the lack of a metal pan for mixing and the lightfastness issue means that it's not great for anything you'll want to show."
Great
Probably THE well-designed mini watercolor pocket pan set on the market. Prima marketing set colors a bit more vibrant but you can't beat this one for the design and convenience. If Urban sketching is your new hobby - this is the one to get. :-)
"It arrived in a somewhat messy package, but the merchandise itself was in very good condition! I immediately opened up to try the paints, and I absolutely love it. The colors are very pigmented but dilutes pretty easily with enough water; I tried the paints with the little brush that came with the field kit and it works nicely. I'm sure that I will be using this paint set for a long while!"
"The pigment on this set is the best of all the sets I own, and the price point is totally affordable!
This is the brand I will continue buying, you can't go wrong!"
"If you haven't seen a calligrapher use this for lettering, check out instagram. It's a great medium for some unique lettering. This was pretty much the dupe for the pantel aquash pen, so I thought I've give it a go. It works well enough considering the price. However as soon as I squeezed water out, it immediately started leaking out of the side instead of through the brush. Maybe I just got a dud?"
"From a newbie point out view, its nice too have a variety of portable colors."
"I love the rich colors of this set, and the fact that it's so portable I can take it anywhere. The water brush, however does not screw together well and unable to use due to leaking. Overall, a great set!"
"I hadn't touched watercolors since I was in middle school decades ago. On a whim, I ordered this kit and I have been obsessed! Great colors, love the set up with the easel and LOVE the waterbrush! I am now moving on to artist grade watercolors, but will keep this as my travel set!"
Beautiful kit. The lid of the paint brush does not fit the body of it.
You get what you pay
"I like it very much ,beautiful colors ."
"had a set just like them, has a good pigment....."
"It came packaged nicely. The colors are beautifully vibrant. I don't care to much about the watercolor brush, maybe it's just me but it seemed to leak a lot of water.
The thing I noticed is that the color blocks are cracking.
But other than that , I would highly recommend."
The handle is too short on the waterbrush.
Item came much quicker than projected and higher quality than I was even expecting. I would highly recommend! Amazing!
"This set is terrific!  I highly recommend it.  You get 24 separate paints in a very portable, intelligently designed, case for a low price.  The paint pans are SMALL but the paint is good.  If you don't go wild with the paint it should still last a long time.  This set is perfect for en plein air and small paintings."
This is so fun and so portable. We've thoroughly enjoyed field work and even home work with this set (it makes for quick and easy cleanup as well). I highly recommend this.
Great for a beginner great variety of colors and very pigmented my came with two of the paint squares broken off but I just popped them back in and I was good to go.
"Good variety of paints, allows for mixing and other great colors"
"I trully love this set. I have other sets that i use when traveling, but this one is special as it has a 24 colors options in a very small package, the tray is easy to install in the wholes and to use, the colors are brilliant and come easy out when touching with the wet brush, nothing to complain about. Also the price on amazon is a bargain, the price in the store is at lest double. You will love painting with this set at home ( easy clean up and storage) as well as on the go."
"I'm no artist, I just really love to make pretty things. This has been an excellent little set and I am very happy with the colors. The brush is fantastic and everything showed up in tact. These are a little expensive, but I think they are well worth the money because they don't have that chalky look that cheaper paints have."
Couldn't love this set more.  The colors are vibrant and the brush is actually pretty decent although you may want to invest in another one.  Using for Bible journaling.
"I love it ! I love the colors, the brush, everythingggg"
"I cannot give this product enough stars, the paint is high quality and so vibrant. The colors mix well, unlike cheap watercolors that often become muddy. I love how portable this kit is, the waterpen makes painting so clean and simple to paint on the go almost anywhere! I highly recommend!"
"This is the perfect little travel set of high quality watercolors! The colors are all very vibrant and easy to blend. I paint a lot and this little set has lasted me quite a while. The insert color blending tray is perfect with plenty of room to blend and play with colors. The case and extras that come with it are packaged perfectly for painting on the go, or at home where you may have little space to work with. Convenience and quality in a perfectly packaged set!"
Great delivery time. Good travel watercolor set.
Really nice set.  Lots of colors.  Convenient water felled brush.
"I use Sakura watercolor before but that was a long time ago when I was a kid and I wasn't sure if they still make good watercolor. For the price, I decided to take a chance. Some of the pigments were not as vibrant as the more expensive brands but the Sakura Koi series is still as good as I remembered."
so nifty one of my favorite cases the pallet is my favorite I use it all the time and I like the water colors they are really pretty and good variety I haven't used the brush I have some I really like using but all in all I would say if you are thinking about buying this case then rest assured this isn't a waste of money
Awesome water colors for a beginner like me
"Okay, where do I start with these?  I am completely obsessed with this.  This is my go to water color set whenever I get the urge to paint.  They blend and mix very well.  When you add layer after layer, they hold up and don't streak.  It's also nice that you can mix your paints on the inner cover.

Now for the cons.
The water brush is not the best. The first few weeks of using it, the brush began to fray/spread apart. It just separated too much. It's been months now since I bought it, and the issue still remains.  This becomes a very problematic issue because it doesn't hold the paint as well, and tend to splotch it around randomly (thanks to the straying brush strands). On the plus side, the size of the brush is pretty good and basic, and you can get away with small details. Also, you do have to squeeze the brush to get any water out.  If you squeeze too hard, too much water will spill out and keep leaking.

Next is the color selection. The blues and reds family are exactly the same. There is no noticeable difference when applying it, nor when it dries.  The red, pink (5th color. It applies like a pink if you water it down enough, but appears red if not enough), and darker tone brown all appear as one solitary color, unless you squint and throw it under a bright light. After waiting about 5 hours, after it dried, it was only then that they ''showed their true color''.  Applying lots of water also helps show the actual color.

 This is not the case for both of the blues. One should be darker, or more like a navy, yes? But they both appear as an ocean blue.

Overall, these are worth getting.  I give it 4 stars because the brush is not the best and the color selection can have a bit more variety."
This is the best watercolor set that I've ever had. I would totally buy 20 of these.
Love my Koi traveling palet.  Allows me to take my watercolors with me when I travel as well as using them at home.
"I love this set of Sakura 24 field watercolors. It is small and fits in the hand, has a thumb ring to use in the field...the mixing palate fits on either side of the paint palate and you can use the lid as well. The colors are rich and vibrant!  It came with an awesome little water brush! This was my first Koi product but it won't be my last...I just LOVE the colors I can get from this little palette."
perfect set for anyone looking for somewhere to start when watercoloring
"Love it, love it! Amazing colors"
"Bought this waterbrush after I watched a YouTube video from ""The Mind of Watercolor"" did a review on waterbrushes. He seemed to prefer this brand of brush over the others because it's slightly dryer than the rest offering a bit more control of the water. I do need to add that this is a compact version of a typical waterbrushes so it doesn't hold as much water. But it comes with a special cap specifically for the tank only so don't throw that little black cap out you can use it to put carry your brush broken in half to fit into a smaller space.the brush is nylon bristles and is very fine. Great for tiny detail work."
"The brush is a bit large, but the paints are great!"
I'm so in love with this kit. It comes with everything you need as a water color artist. I recommended this to a few friends and they actually ended up buying them too. The only problem I seem to have with it is that I run out of white easily because of how light I want my colors to be but other than that this product is amazing. It's very light weight and I actually took it on a trip. It was very relaxing to use while on a 5 hour plane ride. This is truly one of the best kits compared to the ones I've tried and I hope to buy more of these products in the future.
Colors are vibrant and very easy to use!
This is a great product!  It does exactly what it is supposed to do!
"It's a really neat project but after a bit of use the water started leaking out of the pen part.
It's got a neat way of being able to hold it with a hook for your thumb.
Great for ""Mini Art"""
I like to paint with a big brush and these watercolors are ill-suited for that. Otherwise great little set.
I haven't painted since I was in high school. But my children are becoming interested and art.  So I decided to purchase a small set. It was a really great purchase. The colors are very very easy to work with and not at all chalky. I'm so happy with this purchase.
"This set is great especially for beginners, students, and people (like me) re-starting their artwork."
I just love these water brushes.  I have one in every size now.  It makes travel so easy
"Such a cute set, I love the little case and how everything fits inside. Palette is removable which makes it far easier to wash off the paint than the far more expensive Windsor field sets, and the sponges on the sides are so helpful for wiping your brush and they come out for easy washing as well. While the paint is a little thinner than I would like, and doesn't get that same level of mixing I'm accustomed to with Windsor, as a cheap set for painting on the fly I think it's perfect, and it has more colors anyway so I had less need to mix colors as with other sets. The water brush is a perfect fit, and easily stores inside as well, strongly recommend!"
"So pleased with this set. As a novice to watercolor, I wasn't sure what I needed or what to expect. I love the watercolor pen and everything comes in a compact, easy to use case! Loved it!"
"I'm a beginner and this product is awesome. I love the portability and the colors. Very easy to use, nice pigment and easy blending. The brush is very nice, too.
Recommended."
"I bought this for traveling and to have something compact in my bag. I love the way it is packaged carrying box; this set has been to europe and south america many times. I love the brush included because, all i have to do is fill it up with water, store and pop it right back out when i want to paint something, there's no need of bringing a water bottle with me anymore. Plus it is a small amount of water that the airport won't confiscate it from me, so i can paint while on the airplane. This has lasted me for quite a while so i am very happy with that. My only complain is that i wished the colors were much more intense like my other water colors. I use something else for other pieces but this one for traveling or to have ""on the go"" in my bag. I hope they make another version with stronger pigments in the future."
"Would buy again, love them sooo much"
Everything was good.
I use these for Bible journaling and they are fantastic. They don't bleed at all and the colors are so vivid!
"DO NOT BUY THESE FOR PROFESSIONAL WORK!
Alright so. I've been using watercolor professionally for about six years now. Several artists I follow on social media, who happen to produce very beautiful work, said they use this watercolor palette. It's pretty cheap, and I was looking to expand my color selection since brighter colors tend to be more expensive because the pigments are harder to come by like blues, magentas and purples. . I'm not sure what art magic other people use, but these are the worst watercolors I've ever used. They're barely decent for creating small areas of blended color, but they aren't very pigmented, and you CANNOT create large areas of flat color like for water or sky. I worked on a painting for about an hour before I wanted to throw this set in the garbage. This is is an OK set for beginners, people who don't make money from their paintings, or for practice. I understand now why Windsor Newton, Holbein, and Daniel Smith watercolors and pigments are so expensive: they work beautifully and are worth the money for professional work."
"Love this little set for the most part.  The paint is very opaque.  However...  It doesn't seem to puddle very well. (Which is the main reason I love water colors)  Leaves kind of residue or grainy appearance which I am not a huge fan of. Here is a quick doodle I did without letting anything puddle..  Her face is a coffee stain, and not actual paint."
This is great to have if you want watercolors on the go.
So portable!
Great as described!
"And easy to use, it is small and reasonable price"
very handy  for travel and plein air
Nice small and has all the right colors along with a water brush
These are perfect for my needs.
"Love the product but one of the watercolour cake came off from the socket. Otherwise, it comes in good condition."
"Got this for my wife, she loves it."
"My husband gave me this as a gift and I LOVE it! I can take it outside for quick sketches or spend time making a detailed painting. As a young person, I was always drawing and painting but had gotten away from it in the last 40 years, spending more time singing and taking photographs. This kit renewed my creative spirit and I have since purchased more traditional watercolor materials but still use this kit for outdoors. It was a gift so price doesn't come into it but if I were looking to purchase a gift for a creative friend or someone who needs a hobby, it is certainly the perfect price. And excellent quality and color choices. Don't pass this by!"
"I'm not a water color guru or anything, but I do love the colors and the ease of use with the palette being portable. I mostly use it for brush lettering, but my kids use it for ""paintings"". They dry quickly and take lots of water, but the brush makes it easy since it's in the handle. I also use a regular 0 brush with these colors."
"Product was used (paint stains and 2 of the colors were loose and knocked around the box) and missing the mixing tray--what's the point of having a field set if the built in palette is missing?

Would have loved to use this if it had everything new as described."
Great watercolors.  I was using another brand and then I ordered these.  They are wonderful to use.
A+
great watercolor set
"I've never tried the water color tubes before, and really wanted to as I would have more control over the palette and have a broader range of control. The colors are absolutely beautiful and vibrant. Especially the blues, they are deep and rich. I docked a star only because I feel even though the colors lay down richly and that a broad range of beautiful hues can be made with this set that these dry a bit duller than I'd like my water colors to dry (personal preference), but they are a great set for a great price. Doesn't compare to Caran D'ache Neocolors or Faber Castell Albrecht pencils. However, these are student grade water colors and they're great for practice and color theory and a zillion times better than hard half pans full of filler. These are great for art journaling and field sketching. They make excellent washes and layer nicely. They are wonderful paints, and worth using when your saving your artist grade colors for something special! I highly recommend this lovely set of paints, and a little squeeze goes a very long way!

If you felt this review was helpful, please click ""yes""!"
Great value and portable.
"This is an amazing portable kit, I'm very happy with the colors, how deep the pigments are... and the fact that it comes with a water brush! Everything you could want in a watercolor travel kit"
Exceptional! The compactness of it makes it easy to travel with me and no mess!
Great product! Been using this product alone for my paintings. Thanks for keeping the quality high!
"These paints are great beginner watercolors. They are cheap, comes with a ton of colors, and includes a great water brush. If you enjoy painting on the go, this is a fantastic kit for you."
I'm not a prof. But so in love with these colors as it inspired me to paint and color .. It came with medium brush .. The colors in on plastic it could be replaced as described in front of the box .. I have one question .. Can i find replacment without buying the whole kit again ??
"Good watercolors for any artist, best for on the go, nice pigmented smooth colors,"
"I highly recommend this set to anyone! I've been telling all my friends about it and posting to Instagram.
 I've been using watercolor tubes and I just suck at mixing colors, but there's a good variety of colors in this set and if i need to mix anything, it's not too difficult for a dum-dum like me. I cut out a 4x6 piece of watercolor paper and made a guide for myself and stuck it on the inside of the case.
 The size of it is perfect and cleanup is really easy. I can take it with me if I want to paint outside.
 Attached are pictures I took of what my complete set looks like and a painting I did."
Great quality paint. I will order more
"It can get a little messy, but that's okay!
Artists are messy in general haha
the colors are very nice, i wish there was a chart for what color was what cause some of the dark colors look the same unless u actually use it and test it on a paper.
the pen keeps the first color u ever used on it so umm try to use a color u like the most hahaha
for a travel kit, this is ammazing!
you can paint anywhere and it's easy to bring anywhere"
OMG Love it!!!!! Definitivamente lo volvera a comprar!
"Beats colored pencils and markers on price. I experimented with various media on adult coloring books while on vacation. This is the first time I have used water colors since I was a kid. The pencils were too dull looking. The markers were expensive and limited in colors. The brush in this kit had a reservoir for water, the bristles could make a fine line or wide stroke and could easily be cleaned to go quickly from one color to another, the colors were bright and intense and could be mixed. A coloring book and this kit is all you need. I'm not wasting my money on colored markers ever again. I used this exactly like I would a colored marker, and it would fit in my pocket or my wife's purse."
"I'm just starting out with watercolor painting and bought a cheaper watercolor set earlier which totally ruined my learning experience. Then, when  planning for a recent trip, I decided I wanted something compact to carry with me on the road and bought this set and right off the bat, was blown away by the pigment in this pan. The colors are extremely creamy and so very pigmented. It is compact enough to carry it in my purse, it has one water pen included and a color mixing tray as well, but I have been most impressed by the intensity of the colors. Highly recommend this to anyone starting out with watercolors. For 19$, it's a steal."
"This Koi set is my favorite watercolor palette at this price point. For around $20, you have tons of decent quality pan colors and a great size box that's totally portable and well-made to fit and close well and has that tray for mixing that works great, and a thumb ring, so you can hold in one hand. Since using this, I've moved on to buy tubes of watercolor paint to use in empty metal palette boxes, but this is a great beginner or easy travel set. If I were getting someone a small art gift, this would be my choice. I may buy a new one for myself too in the future for travel, as well."
Great travel palette.  Very nice for a beginner like me for trying out a wide range of colors.  Easy to put in my bag and take with me.  Colors are very nice and the palette is great.  Water brush works well once you sit and play with it to get used to how to use it.  I do put a rubber band around it to make sure it doesn't pop open in my bag.
"compact, easy to use!"
awesome set for travel! I use with coloring books as well as watercolor papers. great colors
Im a beginner in this. And i can definately say these are awsome!!!! :DD
This is by far my favorite water color palette. The water colors are of decent quality and the aqua brush it comes with is great! I've had a hard time finding another brush like it of comparable quality. The removable palette can be positioned in a number of ways which makes mixing colors a breeze. I can't reccomend this palette enough.
brush is worthless
Just the right size for what I need.  It is compact enough to take to card and faith art journaling classes.  I love it!
"Handy small size for travel complete with a palette that attaches for ease of use,"
Paints have excellent coloring and flow well on the paper.
Awesome set!
"This was the perfect starter for me, someone who is fairly new to watercolors. The small size is very convenient if you want to bring it places. The waterbrush is a great size and works perfectly. I like that the set only had 18 colors and a pan to mix so that I wasn't too overwhelmed with mixing options and it was perfect for me to experience new colors on my own. I totally recommend this for anyone starting out, or practicing watercolors as the quality is smooth and easy to blend. 10/10 would buy again! "
Nice price. Good purchase.
"A nice set for travel, but I would prefere a more transparent paint."
I like this little watercolor pallet a lot. For the money you really get a lot. The colors are okay. They aren't Schmineke. But for a beginning artist or student they are very good. I love that it comes with a water brush very handy when out in the world painting. I don't really use the sponges that come in the side pockets i prefer using Viva towels rolled up and stuffed in those slots. I like that you can put the mixing tray on either side. A tip if you have problems getting the paint off your mixing tray try the Magic eraser. I have found it works really well with a good scrub and warm water to get those difficult stains off.
Love this kit! It's super easy to carry with you and compact enough to tote everywhere. It's easy to clean up and put away and is great quality-wise.
"I bought this set 3 years ago for a class - the instructor recommended using them for travel journals rather than taking along a larger palette with tube paint in full pans. I was just learning watercolor back then and was reluctant to try this set versus artist grade paints. This set was freeing because there are enough colors that you don't have to spend a lot of time mixing, they are transparent but surprisingly lively, and the size is perfect for travel. And, for a perfectionist like me, this kit just seemed playful and fun. I still haven't used up all of the paint in this kit so it really lasts a long time if, like me, this isn't your only palette. It took me a little while to figure out how to use these paints effectively, especially with the water brush. For me, it was best to spray water on the paints and wait a few minutes, then use a tiny bit of water on the brush to get nice, vibrant colors. Practice helps. I also like taking along a couple of regular brushes even though they don't fit into the kit. Also, pay attention to your paper - watercolors are luxurious to work with if you treat yourself to decent paper. I like the Strathmore visual journals and watercolor journals but any 140 lb watercolor paper should work fine. You can use 90 lb paper if you don't use much water but it might still buckle."
"These feel good to use. I've never used expensive stuff, so I don't know the difference, but these are a step above, say, crayola. The included water brush is slightly less great than the pentel ones, I put india ink directly in it for sketching."
"I am just a beginning painter - I don't really have the experience or expertise to compare this to very expensive paints, but I can say that I have enjoyed using them very much.  They don't feel chalky, the colors are rich and lovely, and I like the way the blend and the finished product when they dry.  I use a syringe (nurse) to pre-wet them and it works out very well.  I like how easy they are to take with me anywhere - on a picnic, out camping, etc.  The size and included palate make them perfect for me.  I believe they were a good value."
We got this because my daughter's art teacher suggested it.  My daughter loves it and uses it almost every day.
What a great compact watercolor set.  I had to purchase one when I saw and tried the set at my painting class.
Haven't tried it yet but it looks great.
"These are well saturated creamy little chunks of color, perfectly sized for going on a sketch outing. I have bought the 24 assortment before and don't want to be without them - so this is my back up set!"
"The pigments have a very good quality and blend well, too. I recommend people to test with water when you first use it to get rid of the light glue holding the fibers together, as it will transfer to the paper."
Love these!  I love how small it is and I love the water brush. The colors are nice and vivid...I have other watercolors and so I was curious on how these compare.  Colors are brighter....enjoy!
Good tip and quality fivers.
Great kit for the backpack for doing watercolors for nature study. My child loves it. Definitely will be considering for gifts in the future. The brush full of water is very convenient and easier to manage than a jar in the field.
Perfect
Very good colors and fun and portable. I loved it!
Awesome watercolors! I liked it so much I bought one for my mom. She really enjoys it too. The colors are really vibrant and smooth and I just love how it's for on the go.  Its small but not too small. I would definitely recommend this.
"I love my set, bought to keep in my truck so I can paint when I have down time. The paints wet easily and the pigments are bright and strong. For the price I don't think these can be beat. There would only be a couple things I would change. The finger ring on mine fell off in the first month -it could be a little tougher, and paynes gray is very granular, all the other pigments are very smooth."
Love these!
Huge step up from grocery store watercolors. So vibrant and yummy! The pans are small but will last a very long time. Super portable. Love the many mixing trays. Some of the colors granulate terribly but maybe that's normal. All in all I'm obsessed with this compact kit of beautiful color.
Love it!! Fast delivery
I expected this brand to be made in Japan. mine is from China. disappointed.
"I love this ultra-portable set of watercolors.  The paints are very bright and pigmented, and other than white and black there is a variety of each color of the rainbow. The mini aquash brush included is just like a regular Pentel Aquash brush, but cuter.  It makes bringing water along with you for painting super easy.  I often doodle and paint while watching tv, and this set is always by my side.  I cannot wait to take this set with me on my upcoming vacation, where I plan on sketching and painting as I hike.  A+"
The setup and design of this watercolor set is fantastic. Way too often cases are flimsy and fall apart. This watercolor set has gone through some wear and tear in a backpack and still holds up great! The colors are also very vibrant and the colors are brought to life!
"My mom wanted to steal this palette from me. The colors are pretty well pigmented. I wish the water brush was a bit smaller to do more detailed work, and it gives almost a little too much water on a light squeeze. However, it works easily and is simple to refill. I took this on an airplane with me no problem! It was well worth the price."
Awesome product
Worth buying! This watercolor palette is amazingly! You can take it with you anywhere.
"Brilliant colors, easy to move around the paper...perfect for me."
"This is my third set of these easy to use water colors. The colors are fine on a good quality paper. This is a super set for travel, plein air painting and for the impatient artist. It's nifty and reliable quality and design."
So perfect
working well
Love these...so easy to use and carry with me. The brush seems kind of hard to clean. Will have to buy additional brushes for different sorts of painting.  I would buy this again in a heartbeat!
"Half pans really are super tiny.  Beautiful color and daughter loves having ""real"" art supplies.  Peace out, Crayola."
"This has quickly become my favorite water color set. It's the perfect travel size and the colors are bright, vibrant, and wonderful to work with."
"Unfortunately I either got a dud or I just hate this brush. I was so excited to get it and the reviews are great but I have to squeeze the barrel so hard to get even the tiniest amount of water to the brush that the water leaks out the the threads. I looked for a place to contact the company but could not find one. I am very disappointed to say the least.
Updated,  I read a review somewhere to someone else that had this problem.  They suggested checking to make sure that there was not a little plastic plug in the valve that was not supposed to be there.  Sure enough mine was plugged!  Now water is making its way to the brush.  I will change my review if the brush is useful now. I am so glad that there was another reviewer that gave this information, so thanks to whomever that was."
"My tween daughter loves this! She has really improved and loves it compared to watercolored pencils. All in all, she's finding her niche and has discovered a talent in painting."
"I am completely in love with this set. It's been in my wishlist for years now and I finally decided to give it a try. Holy moly I wish I ordered this ages ago!! It makes painting with watercolor as easy as drawing with pencils. With the special brush, compact size, and sponges, cleanup isn't an issue. No downsides at all. If you are on the fence on buying this go ahead and do it! You won't regret it."
I bought these and a set of Winsor and Newtons. I use these if I want a more vibrant ink-like look and use the Winsor and Newtons if I want a more natural watercolor look. I am happy with them.
Perfect size for traveling. Fits nicely in just about any bag. Easy to use and clean up. Wireless great with watercolor postcard pad.  I throw a couple of those in the case when I travel and can do some small painting practice when in hotel or out exploring. I'm a beginner so it seems like a great start kit and highly mobile.
This kit is beyond what you would expect!!! Really useful
great for using even after the original colors are gone
great little package
"I should have bought better quality, not worth the $"
"I wrote this review after using it for 3 times. It is enough for a beginner like me, and it's really convenient because you only bring a small box like this when you're painting. However, it will be better if there is a bigger brush in it."
"FYI, the bottle screws off the opposite way of what one would expect. (Lefty tighty, Righty loosey).  Works well and cleans easily. Great for the price."
Great compact set!  Love that it includes a waterbrush!
Smaller in person than I thought it would be. Very portable.  I like it.
"Perfect set, even good for airplane (haven't tried yet but would imagine it would work well), perfect for adults or kids, makes beautiful works. Colors are excellent, well thought product, very sturdy plastic!!!! I also like to offer it as a gift, beautiful!!!"
I received one of these as part of my Sakura Koi watercolor set and loved it so much that I bought another to use in another travel watercolor kit. They don't leak and I love the fact that they can come apart and you can fill it then put the plug inside so you have a ready to go full water tank but in a full size brush that can fit in my Cotman Deluxe Sketcher's Pocket Box that I have refilled with a set of W&N professional pan paints. I've tried the Pentel version and found I didn't like the water flow and it didn't allow me to fill it and yet keep it compact by being able to remove the brush portion. Very happy with this and may order the smaller brush size as well.
"I ordered this watercolor set, as a beginner I thought this was good to start out with. The colors are very vibrant. I love the size and it's perfect for travel. If you are looking for a good quality watercolor set without breaking the bank, this is great."
"Excellent quality, incredibly durable case! Exceeded all my wild beginner's dreams. Plus, the included water brush is the knees of the bees."
I love it
I love it
"Cant figure out how to get the squeeze part of the brush to screw onto the main part, so this brush doesn't work for me. Unless there's some trick to getting the parts to screw together."
"This is my first watercolor set (I wanted to pick up watercoloring). It's super compact, so I could definitely see myself carrying this around. Because this is my first watercolor kit, I don't have much experience - like knowing what makes a kit good or bad, if the watercolors are good quality, etc.

But I will say that the colors are super, super pigmented. I will update this review with a photo of a painting I did.

And the brush is absolutely awesome. I literally squeeze it like 2-3 times and the entire color will be gone from the brush tip. It's insane. The first time I used this I was worried about the durability of this brush, and how it would control the amount of water when I squeeze, but it's brilliant. Solid control, and easy to use. I believe it makes watercoloring easy for complete beginners who have no understanding on how to control on water. I definitely feel like as I experimented with this, the ease I felt was because of this amazing brush. All you do is fill the inside with water, and turn the actual brush-tip part on. Voila! It's connected, and will not leak.

Also, on the back of the box shown in the product image, there are instructions that you can put a little canvas or paper on the inside of the lid (so once you open the box, the lid will be flat) when you paint. Like they're trying to sell that it's also an easel or something. This doesn't work for me because 1) my paper is massive and 2) It wouldn't be very balanced anyway, because the paper would shift around on the plastic. I don't think this would be a problem for a lot of people because we would all be using pretty big pieces of paper, but just letting you know. It doesn't work for me, and I don't see how this would be that great, because I feel like it would slide around, or if you accidentally moved the entire kit, the water would move as well.

The kit does come with sponges on both sides of the colors, but I haven't used them yet (not really sure when to use it). They look like cheap sponge that you could probably easily replace. You can easily pull them out the little trays.

Cleanup is super easy. I usually run the plastic detachable mixing palette under water for a few seconds, then use paper to wipe the rest off. It comes out really clean. Of course, if you leave it to dry for a long time and then clean it off, expect some struggle. I am just in love with the brush. The brush is freaking awesome, and the brush fibers are amazing.

All in all, I really like this cute, compact watercoloring kit. I'm glad I made this purchase :)"
I bought this set for my messy 3 year old.  It works great for him!  The water is contained in the brush so no spills and it is simple to use.  I am very pleased.
"It has 24 concentrated cakes, a water pen brush that is easy to clean, little sponges for cleaning the pen, a plastic palette for mixing colors or diluting, an easel to hold your papers."
"Lol very small, easy to used and bring outside."
My daughter uses these for Art class and loves them.
Love it!
Love these so much! Great quality for beginner-advanced artist. Nice size. Only thing is the bristles came out of my brush a bit and won't go back in all the way.
"Works great as long as you don't fill it with water. Just look on Youtube for people using these things, no one fills them because they flood water out. just dip them in a small bowl of water. Much easier to control than a long brush and they keep a sharp point better than a brush so you can do fine lines easier."
Love this. Paints sewm to lay down as well as my expensive stuff.
good
My daughter loved this so much I bought another one to surprise her!
"Very happy with the pigmentation of the water colors.  The size is amazing. There is a nifty finger loop on the underside which makes it easy to hold.  The pallet is great for mixing colors and you can attach it in a variety of ways.  I am able to take a few strathmore artist tiles and keep inside the kit when I don't want to bring a sketch pad along.

My one complaint is that the brush must be disassembled to fit inside the kit.  This is super annoying because I like to fill the brush at home to take with me. I have learned my lesson...DO NOT THROW AWAY the little black plastic stopper for the brush water-well.  If they re-design this kit in the future, ideally the brush should be able to fit when assembled.  Also, to unassemble the brush, turn the opposite way than you think, annoying and I mess it up everytime.

Overall, BEST travel kit I have found.  Can't wait to buy extra brushes/tips."
"I absolutely LOVE this little item. It is easy to use, completely portable, the colors are vibrant. EVERY watercolor artist should have one!"
"This was my first watercolor purchase and I love it. The water brush is easy to use and very handy, especially if you're on the go. The colors are varied and beautiful."
"This product is excellent designed, you can literally paint on the train/plane, the idea of carrying water inside of the pen is so smart, it uses very little water in a very effective way, way less messy than the traditional paint, the whole product is light and perfect size to be held on one hand, I'm so glad a discover this product and can re-pick up my passion for painting now."
"Awesome watercolor set. Maybe not the utmost pigmented of watercolors, but it's such a compact and perfect set. The water pen was confusing to use at first because the cap twists the opposite direction of anything I've ever had to twist off. Once I figured out my mistake, I tried it out and promptly bought more water pens."
"LOVE THE WATER COLOR KIT, USE IT FREQUENTLY.  IT ACTUALLY INTRODUCED ME TO THE WATERCOLOR PENS,  THANK YOU."
I just love the fact that I don't need an open container of water.  It's easy to fill and holds an impressive amount of water.
Great little box of watercolors.  Colors are bright and pretty and easy to carry with you.
"Very poor quality! Colors separate on paper,  total waste of money!  DO NOT BUY!!"
"These pens are the greatest! Use them ALL the time for just about any watercolor project I have. Now I am venturing into water brush lettering and they are perfect for the task. I carry a full set of sizes all the time in my paint bag, along with my Sakura Koi watercolors and all the rest of my painting stuff. Happiness flows from the tip of these brushes...well, almost, you know."
"Wonderful! Amazing! Great quality! Perfect.
I love this set! I bought it to carry with my sketch stuff because it has so many colors in the box. The watercolors are creamy, not as transparent as others I have used but the colors are rich and vivid. The box is high quality, well made and the little thumb holder on the bottom is great for painting in the field. I bought the first set for myself and another set for my daughter, we both love them."
"I LOOOOOOVE these paints! They are so vibrant, so pigmented, so fun! They are by far my FAVORITE watercolor paints out there."
"I love these water colors, the colors are so vibrant!!! Timely delivery, great price and lovely colors!!!!  It's so perfect for travel, I put them in my bag and they can go anywhere with me."
I love water brushes!
I gave this as a gift and my friend really like it. She also mentioned that it is pigmented and she only put so little water. The colors are vibrant and when it dires it shows more color.
"The size of this field box is 4 1/2 by 6"".  It's actually the same box as the 24 half pan set, which I also have, but couldn't resist getting the larger set.  The extra line of 6 half pans just means that it has one less sponge than the 24 pan set, and the waterbrush (divided into two parts) is stored in the space where the second sponge is in the 24 pan kit.  The paints/pigments are not quite artist quality but still deep, and rich, very good, mostly transparent.  The peach (Jaune Brilliant) is the only one that seems a little opaque.  The case and palate is very sturdy, and has a convenient thumb ring on the bottom.  It's hard to resist a field kit that is so compact and so handy.  However the insert that holds the half pans is thin styrene and I'm not sure how well it will hold up  Note that the half pans paints are firmly fixed in the styrene, they are not in individual pans like, for example, the Winsor and Newton field kits, so swapping or refilling colors may be more than just adding a new half pan.  But you could always add liquid color to an empty pan and let it dry. The case doesn't snap shut very tightly, you may want to reinforce it with a rubber band around it.  The Koi waterbrush is also easy to use and of good quality.  You can put  a 4 x 6"" watercolor postcard in the lid and use the lid as an easel of sorts, but you can't store paper in this field kit, not a block of postcards at any rate, maybe there's room for a couple of sheets. The mixing area can be set up on the right or left side of the case, and has five wells for mixing.  The back or lid of the case can be used for mixing  or as an easel to hold a 4 X 6 watercolor postcard.  The case has room only enough for the contents- not even for a short handled brush. But what is in it is basically enough for a compact field kit.  This is a very desirable field kit for any watercolor artist.

This set contains the following colors:
Chinese White, Lemon Yellow, Areoline Hue, Permament Yellow, Permanent Yellow Deep, Permanent Orange

Jaune Brilliant, Vermillion Hue, Cadmium Red Hue, Crimson Lake, Quinacridone Rose, Purple

Cobalt Blue Hue, Cerulean Blue Hue, Ultramarine Hue, Turquoise Blue, Prussian Blue, Indigo

Permanent Green Pale, Permanent Green, Viridian Hue, Permanent Green Deep, Sap Green, Olive Green

Yellow Ochre,  Light Red, Burnt Umber, Sepia, Payne's Gray, Ivory Black"
"The water brush is very cool, I like how the nylon was very soft and very flexible to use. However, it's kind of hard to contol the water flow. It should be since it's my first day using it, and sometimes I grip on it a little too hard unconsciously. Practice can fix it but I wish there wasn't too much water coming out.. over all, practice and getting used to it is the key!"
Excellent price and excellent quality.
Nice colors and easy to get started painting with.
"Lovely watercolor box.  Great working at home and outside.  I previously had the 12-color version but got this one when it was time for a new one.  The additional 12 colors included are GREAT.

Only negative is I don't like the waterbrush included.  I use pentel waterbrushes or water and regular brushes instead"
Product is just fine but you should tell people there is a reverse thread on the pen. Meaning you turn it the left to tighten instead of right. I almost returned it thinking it was defective but it just needed to be turned opposite of what is typical for most items that fit together in this manner. :)
"I'm giving these only a 3 simply because they are so chalky and pale compared to the cotman set. I did some color mixing and compared this set to cotman and there is no comparison in the richness of the pigments. I painted out a color chart for the cotmans as well and the only advantage I see for the Koi is that is contains a purple and you have to mix it on the smallest cotman set. Purples and nice greens are harder to mix in these student sets so it may be better to have one already in your palette - but I would suggest the larger Cotman set with 16 colors. It's a little more expensive, but the colors are much, much better. Neither compare to mixing my Daniel Smith colors, but for their price range that's not a fair comparison! If, however, you want to invest in higher quality paints, I highly recommend DS - very clear, rich colors even when mixed."
So pretty love the compactness and colors.
"The paint colors are brilliant!  Love the compact size, but I can't seem to get the hang of the water brush."
works great.
"The water brush and colors are all absolutely wonderful to work with, and this is coming from a first-time painter! The palette tray was great for mixing. Lots of fun!"
"Beautiful vibtant colors that are pretty opaque. Not the best water pen I've used,  but not bad.  I'm thrilled with this pallet."
"I'm just starting out so what do I know, but dang these colors look good to me.  Bright, seem to mix well.  Again, take my review with a grain of salt if you're already a pro, but then if you're already a pro, why are you buying cheap paint?
Brush works great. I did a whole painting with only this brush; water seemed to last a while.
I would prefer if the lid would lay completely flat.  That's my only complaint; it doesn't open all the way flat."
"Easy, portable, i just throw it in my purse and go!"
East to use for beginners
"I love this set! It's compact and has an array of colors. It's easy to mix the existing colors to fulfill any color need. Cleanup is easy - just wipe with a damp towel or baby wipe. The brush stores inside the set, making everything in one package."
This watercolor set is absolutely amazing and it seems to have a lasted a very long time. I've had it for about two years now and all of the colors are still useable! Absolutely gorgeous rich colors and shades. I think for the next one I buy I'm gonna get the palette with more colors!
"I like the case & the water paint brush, it is convenient to be able to carry the water in the paint brush handle. The colors are nice & the paint is good quality."
"Great color. Amazed a friend....Now it's her set.
I'll order another."
"I originally bought this as a gift for my husband, who wanted to have a travel-sized kit but it spends most of its time on my worktable now. I love this for all my creative needs: scrapbooking, art journaling, grown up coloring books, and cards. I suggest getting this kit if you do not already have a water brush. The water brush that's included in the kit is great for beginners and does a great job of holding up project after project."
It paints well on any watercolor pad.
Solubiliy is highly great for taking on the go or just at home. Tones are so vibrant
Compact watercolors to take anywhere.  I bought one for my 19 year old grandson and he likes it also.
Nice vibrant colors and awesome size for going out.
Loved it!!
"wide range of colors, portable"
"I LOVE this kit! I also bought  Pentel Arts Aquash Water Brush Assorted Tips, Pack of 3 so I could paint while I'm ""on the road"" and during the long flights to and from work. I'm a flight attendant and together, these two items are letting me keep up with my art. Makes me very happy!"
"This set has been keeping me busy! I can paint at 4 am before a shift at work, throw it in my bag, go to a park and paint, or chill at home at my desk, I love the waterbrush so much, I went out and bought the other sizes. I enjoy working with this, and in turn I think it has actually made me a better painter!"
Came in perfect condition!!! Works wonderful and is great for the price! Definitely  will be buying again
Much smaller  than I expected.
Can't say enough about this travel kit!
Really enjoy this set. It is great for travel!
I got the deal that u get it for 15 dollars and it was the best price. This product is cute and mobile.
"A wonderful array of colours and neat packaging! The little tray that comes with it can be positioned in
3 awesome ways (left, right, down, and if you REALLY wanted to on the top). The tray has little pegs
that fit right into the holes on the corners. There's also a cool little thumb ring on the bottom of the
container that allows you to hold it like a palette. It comes with two sponges and a medium paint brush.

The plastic is very durable, portable, and pigments are great. The only thing I would caution is that the little cakes
could potentially fall out if knocked about too much or if it were turned upside down. But thanks to the little
tray that sits on top, it kinda helps keep everything in place. :)"
A little too watery.
LOVE LOVE LOVE these!  I use them to Bible Journal.  Love everything about them-will keep a set from this date forward! And the brush is amazing!  Hope to see them release even more colors!
"I works really well , I like it :D"
"More than love it!  Wonderful size and design.  It is a shame that they don't make color refills, although some reviewers say they refill it with the tube colors."
These water colors are so worth the money. Great for travel and home use. Fits well into a travel art kit. the colors are vibrant
It is somewhat dried out.
"Great pigments, great design for the tray! I love this set, makes it so much easier to take my work around the house and paint when I need to without having to uproot my whole setup."
Bought one for me and also a friend as a gift.  We both loved them.  Great vivid colors
"Love it, just can't find enough time to use it yet!"
"I love these watercolor cakes! I paint a lot of cartoon-y things, so the bright pigments of these paints are just what I need! Before these, I was painting with a lower grade watercolor which I still use sometimes (bc I have a lot of colors) for small details, but these paints have made all the difference."
"I love these! I have also tried Kuretake watercolors and they don't even compare to the great quality of Koi. Plus Koi watercolors stay together while the Kuretake ones are hardly portable and crumble and break when transported. These paintings were made with Koi paints by me, Emily Sweet. Instagram: @fauxbonichi"
"My favorite travel set and best brand for water brushes I have found. I keep buying them and giving them as gifts, I didn't appreciate water coloring near as much until I got this set. The brush really allows for great precision"
These watercolors are amaze! This set fits perfectly in my purse and is awesome to carry around for on the go paint sessions. So glad I bought them and the price is great.
"These are great! The pigment is wonderful, the colors are so vibrant and blendable! And they go in the travel kits well. I was expecting most of them to be the same as the travel kits, but honestly this gives more color options with them being some different. :)"
Really great kit for beginner!
"I like these Japanese water colors.  It all depends on what you need.  This is a small, lightweight, portable kit with a strange brush that holds water with a screw cap on top to keep it from leaking when not in use.  I usually use other brushes, but this one is good for a novelty item.  Call this your ""paint & go"" kit for when you want to set up your small canvas outdoors like Van Gogh and paint some sunflowers during the sunset."
I really love that the fact I can take my water colors to go. This cute little case that features a beautiful rainbow pallet of rich watercolors is perfect for that spare of the moment outing or adventure that you can sit down and paint what your heart desires. Perfect for any ages be used the mess is minimal. The brush carries the water in it so no messy cups to dump over. Easy to clean and fold up to head out to your next painting adventure.
very professional set of tubes. The colours are excellent and the material is easy to dilute and apply.
These work beautifully...the colors are brilliant and vivid! Great product for the price!
"Purchased this for my artistic better half. She loves the quality of this palette. The colors are bright, easy to work with and her art looks amazing. Would purchase again. You won't be disappointed."
Colors are awesome! Nice compact size.
Very nice kit. Everything you need in a tiny little container. Paint brush is really nice as well.
AMAZING.
Great for many uses
LOVE this pallet set! So much fun to use and the colors are beautiful.....can saturate into rich color or light wash watercolor. Great starter set for me and I don't think I'll need any bigger because I can mix colors and get what I want.:)
Love the intensity of the colors.
One satisfied customer
"I just love this little set for field work.  It can fit in a purse or small bag.  It is easy to open up and set up.  A second to move the mixing pan over and set up the pen and you're ready to paint.  The little sponges are so convenient when you are trying to balance a journal, a pencil, the brush, and a palette and you don't want to have to put everything down to look for something.  The colors are great for nature sketching, not garish or too bright--I think it's harder to mix the Cottman colors to get quick natural shades; I think it's easier to mix the pinks and greens with this set.  I tried to retouch a picture with Daniel Smith colors when I got home and was horrified by how strong they were in comparison.
  Also I knocked over my Cotman set in the field and lost a pan--never did find it. With this set, when you are done, you can turn the Koi mixing tray upside down and flick to drain it and not worry about toxic chemicals in the paint.  Also  there's no drip down into your paint pans that I had with Cotman.
  So, for nature painting in the field I love this! For other work at home where I have a table and a convenient work space I would go with the professional paints."
"Ordered it through Prime Now. Using it for painting and coloring books. Colors are very vibrant and translucent when thinned out with water. Wish the watercolor cakes were bigger but it would make the whole palette bigger and won't be a traveling palette, but overall it is definitely worth the price!"
The watercolors work as expected for the price.  They do not blend as well as the pricier ones.
Didnt come with the brush so I had to order a set of 3.
they are fun to use.  I'm still learning to watercolor.  I like them.
"This is a great little set.  The size is just right, the brush works really well, and the colors are vibrant.  There's a good assortment, however, I would have liked to have had a true red included.  And purple!  But that's easy enough to mix.  It's a strange choice to include white, but other than the color assortment, I think this is a really good set."
Do like the case but the water brush was defective.  Thankfully I had purchased more.
I like this brush. It works as described. It works very well for watercolor lettering.
This brush works as described. I enjoy using it.
Came without a paint brush tip so it was useless unless you went and bought another set of the paint pens (or used QA-Tips).
Excellent watercolor set.
"Beautiful colors, Am having fun with them even though I don't know what I'm doing!"
"Loved it, but the colors don't mix as well."
The colors are vibrant and perfect for mixing
would buy again and again. <3
"Received my set today, and really love the waterbrush. It's changed watercolor painting for me forever. The main body of the kit is nicely constructed, but the actual tray the chiclets of paint come in is rubbish. I much prefer the solid construction of my Windsor & Newton travel kit, even if it means having to carry the waterbrush separately.

The paints are glued to the rubbish tray, which is good for its purpose, but can be removed easily enough with a razor, and fit nicely in my W&N cases (I have 2 to accommodate all 24 colors).

UPDATE: I was disappointed to discover the paints in this set stain the waterbrush's synthetic fibers. My Windsor & Newton watercolors do not do this, so I at least know the problem is with the paints and not the brush. -1 star for the paint quality, and another for the cheap material of the tray itself. Not going to buy Koi watercolors again, but definitely going to continue using waterbrushes. A shame because I loved the colors this set includes."
smaller than I thought.
Excellent paints. These work well with the water brushes for a kit that can be used anywhere.
Colors are very vibrant and pigmented.
"The best buy ever! Makes it so much easier, love it!"
This is a very handy compact portable Watercolor set. It is of good quality paints. I just drop it in my bag and go. I love it.
Best watercolors ever!! Love them!!! Thanks!
"I like, great."
"I'd tried other tank-type water color brushes and was disappointed with how much water they leaked even when working wet-on-wet. Wound up using them as regular brushes, without filling the tank.
This brush, however, has the properties I was seeking: the brush staying wet but not too wet, the seal actually sealing so the tank doesn't abruptly empty on my composition, and nice bristles that retain flexibility as well as shape.
A great addition to my watercolor box!"
"I'm relatively new to watercolor pencils but after using them I found that a water brush is an instrumental tool to have.  I have the medium size brush and I love it, I can use it for detailed work on an illustration or for broad stroke work on larger areas. Some water brushes (I have one from another manufacturer that I don't use anymore) have a hard time controlling the flow of water onto your paper but the Sakura brush seems to be much easier in controlling the flow."
These have changed the way I paint and write. Using a paint brush to write words can feel so awkward. These feel and function in your hand like a marker but do the job of a paintbrush. Genius invention .
"this set is so tiny. Each block is small and you have to use a small brush so the colors don't run on each other. I got this set for my husband he seems to like it, but there is nothing that tells you what colors they are. I should have gotten another set instead of this one. But he is using it to practice, so its not going to waste."
"good colors, great value, compact assortment.  there are better watercolors on the market, but no better sketching sets for beginners.  if you paint with these until they're gone, you'll know whether you want to spend more on artist grade colors"
Would  buy again.
Love this set! Potable with a great variety of colors. The pigments give a rich color and the whole set is a perfect size to toss in a bag and carry along!
"Love this water brush.  I have several, all different brands, and this one is the one I reach for first."
nitido
Love the colors.  Will get a set in tubes. Also makes a nice gift.
Beautiful colors and pigment.
"I like the paints, the case is nice, the brush is very nice too but I hate the flimsy plastic insert. I dropped mine when it was open and all the paints fell out. I put mine back together while the paints were a bit tacky and one stuck to the bottom of the paint tray and came out and I didn't realize where it was. I looked for it on the floor and out in the car for an hour.
I finally took the paints and put them in half pans and removed the shoddy little plastic piece. The half pans and the putty I used to tack them in with added to the cost off the set, but I like it better now. It was a good bit of trouble to go to though for a set that could be made with a sturdier insert and have been a pleasure from the start."
A little bit opaque for me ..
The overall quality of this product is amazing it's very well made and not cheap at all it is really easy to use and take on the go I have recommended it to many of my friends that use watercolor as a medium it's a must have the only thing I suggest is buying a couple more of the paint brushes.
Perfect small compact set of everything you need to do some watercolor sketches.
"good quality, a bit watery when you initially open though"
"Got a new favorite for travel paint sets. The set is high quality with rich smooth colors, tight fitting lid, and the waterbrush is perfect. There is more space to mix paints than my other set and it has a strap on the back that makes holding it while working very easy."
"Not as easy to write in calligraphy with as I imagined, but that is user error. Nothing wrong with this product. Very easy to use and would be fun for someone that knows how to paint with a thin paint brush. That's basically what it's like writing with it. Bristles are plastic I believe. Going to take some practice, but I like it."
"Great watercolors and it travel well.  Light weight, includes everything you need to paint."
"This is kit has changed the way I view watercolor for the better! No longer is watercolor this messy hassle that I have to prepare for with bags of paint tubes, an assortment of brushes, a drawing board, a cup of water, and etc.; I just fill my little waterpen, and my notebook and Koi field kit are all I need to bring.

Use this if you want the freedom to be more spontaneous with your watercolor! Completely worth it for the price."
"Excellent colors.  For beginner such as myself, this watercolor set is sufficient.  I paint 10 minutes first thing in the morning, before my coffee. I am having so much fun; the paint and brush made everything easy!"
"Excellent watercolors and the brush with the water well is awesome. Perfect for working outdoors, on a plane, even waiting on appointments. The colors are bright and blend well. Very happy with this product."
These are awesome!  Very vibrant colors and easy to use!
"My artist daughter LOVES this paint set.  It's her first set of KOI watercolors and she said they are exceptionally smooth.  I thought they were rather expensive compared to other portable watercolor sets, but she loves them, so I guess we'll be buying more of them in the future.  Great product!"
Great for traveling it's just small
"I love this product, I've just started playing with watercolors with my calligraphy and this is a great palette. I like all the colors and its a great size for travel."
"So disappointed. Poorly pigmented. It's ok for those who just want to make crafts and doodle, but not for serious artists."
"(included art done with this set! some stuff ordered from when i first got it (2013) to now (2016))

I was really interested in a pan watercolor set and something convenient to lug around places when I bought this. One of my favorite artists at the time had one of these so I decided I'd try watercolors out! I haven't regretted the decision. :)

I really love this set! I've had this for about three years now and I use it for almost all of my watercolor pieces. It's been with me my entire watercolor art journey. It has lasted a pretty long time (that or I don't watercolor as much as I should), and I've only hit the bottom on a few colors. The packaging is great and I'll keep it long after I run out of its original pants (I'll probably order some tube watercolors to fill up the empty squares). The provided palette is wonderful! I sometimes end up using the back of the palette/the lid of the container for additional space, usually because I get lazy about cleaning it, but that's great too!

The brush pen is pretty good for on the go, but I usually use my own brushes for detail work/more ""serious"" pieces. I also kinda messed up the brush when I went to go clean it this one time and it leaks too much water for me to do anything but washes now. I've been meaning to order another one, but I just haven't gotten around to doing it.

Color/pigmentation wise, I'll have to update this review when I try more watercolor brands. I only have experience with this so I can't compare it to anything else. Though I can speculate that it's might not be the BEST quality compared to other higher end brands just because it's a watercolor set and probably has it's fair amount of filler in some of the colors. The art supplies don't make the artist though because I've made pretty decent stuff with this and I've seen amazing artist make great work with this too.

I can't recommend this enough! It's amazing for beginners/advanced artists/whoever because it's super convenient and has plenty of color choices! Though if anything, if you're a beginner, you might not need all 24 colors. They sell a smaller set with 12 colors which might be ideal if you're starting out so you don't get overwhelmed with color choices and mix muddy colors (something I did a lot of lol)."
"Really good quality, didn't like the waterbrush much so I just threw my pentel one in there, blend nice, good for quick sketches or full paintings"
"very nice set, haven't used the water brush, just regular brushes with it.  nice variety of colors"
"t was okay, but the colors kept coming out o the boxes. Other than that, it was great!!"
"Small, can easily be put into a pocket, good color choice, simply fun using them."
"I have purchased these Sakura watercolors before and adore them! They are vibrant watercolors and lay down so nicely on watercolor paper. I do a lot of artwork outdoors, when I am waiting in offices, or just sitting in front of the TV. Since this set is so portable, it fits all my needs. It comes with a brush that you just fill with water and off you go. The only thing you need other than this set is paper and a pencil. This watercolor set is excellent for beginners as well as seasoned artists. I highly recommend these beautiful colors. You won't be disappointed."
"This brush worked really well for me! I found it easy to use and really affordable. The process of filling the pen with water was a bit strange, but overall, it really worked! It's also a nice size for beginners like myself. Big thumbs up for me!!"
"This kit is so handy for artists on the go. My only complaint, is the water brush that it comes with, isn't really versatile for artists used to amazing brushes. Its perfect for a beginner, or a pro with their own brush. The colors are very vibrant and apply well to the paper. I am very satisfied with this product."
This pallet is awesome. Colors blend well and easily. The sponges on either side are a great touch for brush cleaning.
Perfect!  I love these little watercolors!
I bought this as a palette to refill with better quality paints. The paints are in a flimsy plastic holder--I would have liked it better if it was made out of the same sturdy plastic as the rest of the palette.
colors are great - student quality I feel certain
Tiny tank
Much smaller in comparison to others.
"The Watercolour set is great!
I'm only a beginner at watercolours, but I reckon this set was awesome for amateurs and even professionals
It was smaller than I thought it would turn out to be since I didn't check out the size measurements, but the field sketch is so compact and handy for any place at any time. I'm not a massive fan of the waterbrush that it comes with though, I prefer my Pentel Aquash one, but it's still good to use. When you squeeze the waterbrush, a lot of drops seem to come out.
The colours that it comes with are so vibrant and beautiful. After you use a colour, I was quite surprised that the colour pan dried so quickly, which was a good thing of course when you're on the move.
This is a field watercolour sketch set, so it is quite small, but very compact and efficient with basically everything you'll need to start your masterpiece. Also wonderful for the stay at home painter too.

Overall, I loved this set. It is a must put on your wishlist~! ;)"
"I really love this set. The quality of the watercolors is quite high and I had no issues at all with saturation.  The case itself is really nice and I love that everything - palate, brush, sponge are all in one compact case with a thumbhole on the bottom for stability if you are holding it while painting.  I would consider myself an intermediate watercolorist and I have no complaints about the quality of this item."
"Very strong pigments for a travel set, and a wide variety too. I take this everywhere, and use it on most of my watercolor paintings. However, the brush has to come apart in order to fit in the case. If you want to take water from home, you'll have to find somewhere else to put it. I usually put it in another part of my backpack, but it is a little inconvenient. Nothing too bad, though."
Nice
Exactly what I wanted for travel!
I purchased this watercolor set for my teenage daughter for Christmas.  She loves everything art related and recently started bible journaling. These looked like a great starter set for her to learn watercolors on.  The set is very nice and the colors are beautiful.  I have read nothing but great reviews on these so I am looking forward to seeing what projects my daughter is able to create with these!  I would recommend these to all young artists!
"I am a hobbyist artist absolutely dependent on water soluble supplies as a medium, and I have something of an addiction to finding the best quality sort of supplies for what I do. I have run the gamut of supplies, from the cheapest 4$ water color pans, to Derwent Inktense pencils, to Winsor & Newton's professional line of tube paints, and I have to say that even with all these part of my arsenal, Koi is still my favorite and absolutely crucial in my day to day work. The colors are more vibrant than student-grade water color has any business being. I have a set of pans filled with Winsor & Newton professional water colors that I use in conjunction with Koi and I can hardly perceive the quality difference when I am working. (Though do bear in mind that much of my work is on a smaller scale. Larger scale projects, unfortunately, I don't have much to comment on, especially in respect to comparing professional and Sakura's arguably student quality field set.) I would, however, suggest these water colors more than any other starter water color out on the market today

It is also amusing to note that if you actually like water color half-pans, specifically Winsor & Newton Cotman or Professional half-pan, you will find that a set of 12 can fit rather snuggly in the compartment where the water brush is stored. It certainly is quite helpful if you're looking to expand your palette from 24 to 35."
These are exceptional quality watercolors. Highly pigmented and concentrated. Just a dab goes a long way.
Works just as described! Great addition to water color pencils!!
"It's simply easy to use, convenient and handy! Enjoying this product very much! No complaints about the brush that comes with it :)"
Great.
"Extacly what my art teacher asked for and I can see why. The brush is amazing. I wish the handle had been thinner and longer instead, because my long finers can make it annoying to hold during careful projects, but on the whole I love this brush."
These are so perfect for being creative away from home!
"No complaints, awesome travel accessory. Stashed this baby in my purse quite a number of times like a bandit on the run with no leaking and great color payoff."
"Wonderful colors! The only reason why I give this 4 stars is because of the brush. It's difficult to control the water on the brush and hard to use in general. The colors are beautiful, though. The case is the perfect size to take around wherever!"
"These are some amazing watercolors especially for the price, they may be a little difficult if you're working with a giant piece, no complains here so far."
Perfect size for travel.
I got this awhile back because I needed something small to take along with me and I liked the design of this box.  I was pleased to find that the box was just what I expected and I love the way it is set up; perfect for me!  I had not entertained much hope for the paint (I like the tube paints) but I was further surprised to find that the paint is great too!  The colors go on vibrant and smooth.  This is everything even a professional would need for portable practicing.  Highly recommended.
"Good

EDIT: 2/19/17: So I took a watercolor class and learned that, apparently, this paint does not work well with wet on wet. It's very chalky and it's just a mess. I don't think I'll buy this again."
Awesome
I like it!!
This is my favorite travel watercolor set.  Excellent quality.  Great price.
"This is well-designed, a very nice little travel set.  The colors are bright, BUT most seem pretty opaque.  I was hoping for more transparency."
"I just received my Koi Watercolor Sketchbox, and I must say, I'm impressed!  I can see, now, why all of the hundreds of positive reviews of this product on Amazon.  The layout of this set just works.  The sketchbox is made of very high quality ABS plastic and feels solid in the hands.  I think that it will hold up, under normal use, for years to come, and even when the paint pans are depleted, I will use the sketchbox as a travel palette for plein aire painting.  I plan to refill the depleted pans with Holbein tube watercolors once I've used them up; which should be a while, as the pigment is very rich in the colors I've used.  I like the included water pen for serving water to my mixing tray or to the paper, but it would also work fine for sketching out your composition before bringing in your nice round brushes to lay down your different colors.  I am so excited about this well-thought-out set.  Thanks Sakura for bringing such an amazing artist suppy to market!  A+++"
"Really cool. It's durable, lightweight and very functional. It has everything you need, paint, paint brush, palette area and sponges. The colors are vibrant. I really like this set. I hope once I finish the paints that I can use it with other paints."
"Fantastic set of paints, I added it to the sketch bag I keep in my car. The waterbrush is great too.  Love how you can cap it off."
"This is a high-quality product. The pigment is incredibly rich, way better than I expected, and the colors are vibrant. It is possible to combine watercolor with Sakura Micron pens because the pens are waterproof. These watercolors are not chalky, so the pens will work well after the paint is dry. I also tried using white GellyRoll pen, and I am very happy with the results.

The brush is something I still have to get used to, but I must say it is a very clever product."
"Works exactly has its intended.... super easy to use, no leaks.... Love this for my water colors!"
Just what my 13 year old wanted!
"Fun, convenient addition to my travel art set."
"Fun, convenient addition to my travel art set."
Bought as a gift
"I COULDNT DREAM UP A BETTER MINI WATERCOLOR SET IF I TRIED. THIS IS EVERYTHING I WANT IN A WATERCOLOR PALLETE. VIBRANT COLORS, GOOD SURFACE FOR MIXING, AND COMPACT. The brush hairs are plastic and I would rather use the authentic water brush that is sold separately by the real company. I also like the white watercolor option in this set. It's more opaque than I thought it would be. Not totally opaque like acrylic white paint, but gets the job done."
"Wonderful gift, my friend has wanted one."
Bought as a gift for an artist friend who travels. She reports it is high quality.
Eeek this is just great!!! Super nice kit
I had a set of the koi watercolor tubes I bought during college (over 8 years ago!) but they all dried up inside the tube and it was hard trying to find watercolor with bold pigments. I never knew they had a travel case and so happy I found it. I like everything minus the brush that comes with it. I think I just need to figure out how to use the brush. I wish i discovered this before i went on a vacation to mexico so the plane ride wouldn't be so bad.
"This is a decent portable water color set, but IMHO too expensive for what you get."
I bought this as a gift for my dad who is experimenting in the arts. I liked that is was compact and he could bring it with him hiking/biking/skiing/camping etc.
Not as big as I thought but it's good for travel size and it looks amazing
"I am very pleased how this watercolor set is, the colors are very vibrant. I haven't really played with the colors a lot but from what I saw as I was playing with the colors on a short amount of time  I would definitely recommend this set to others to have an play with. My art teacher saw that I had this set and told me that she was very pleased with it, she loved the colors and just loves koi! So another good point of view of why anyone should have this set and be very pleased as well.  "
"Didn't purchase this from Amazon but from my local craft store. The handle is totally stuck and I can't refill the basin to add more water. It wasn't EXACTLY what I was looking for to begin with, but I've found other helpful uses for it. Not anymore. I've used the water that is in it and now am unable to remove the pieces to refill. I have seen other reviews stating this as a problem, so I know I'm not just going about it wrong. Wouldn't recommend this brush."
These pigments are absolutely amazing. They blend beautifully and if you want the light water color effect they are a great go to. If you need more pop they can also provide that. For $23 this is the funnest little art field kit. Paint anywhere. Relax and paint post cards without the mess or lack of rich quality.
Love the saturation of the colors. This is a nice set for travel. I even like the water brush.
"I love this little travel box!  Great for non-professionals who are looking for a step up in color intensity.

The only thing I would change would be to add some sort of latching mechanism so the box doesn't open accidentally."
This was a great value for the price. I use this more than my winsor newton set which was more expensive and came with less colors. Plus the water brush alone is a great bonus. I take this with me everywhere.
"The brush is not satisfactory, it is hard to fill and use."
"Bought this on lightning deal for like $17 before Christmas as a possible gift. Ended up keeping it for myself and teach myself to paint with water colors. Used it once so far. The colors are great - vibrant. Good selection with a convenient tray that allows you to mix colors as needed.

Love the water brush. So easy to use. For me it seemed like a great starter set."
OK
"You can't lose with Sakura water color brushes. They are well made, and last for a really long time. I'm a bit of a horder when it comes to brushes, but I have some that I've had for over ten years and they are still like new! I bought this one for a friend who is new to watercolor as I knew it would be a long-lasting quality brush for her."
A+ very nice
This is the second set of these I've bought for artists in the family. It's a nice quality set for the price and has resulted in some great artwork on the go on vacations.
"Perfect set for traveling or if you are an occasional painter and don't want to invest in an expensive, large set! Definitely recommend!!!"
Love these paints.
I love this set!
Nice product!  Bought it as a gift!
Great gift set for someone that loves water-coloring. Comes with a brush and paints to use all in a convenient traveling case.
"no, poorly made.  If you are a seriously painter, this is not the pen for you."
Love it.
"I love how compact this kit is. It's small enough to fit in your purse, yet you have everything you  need right inside. Its super easy to take outside, enjoy the weather, and just paint. I am very new to water color so its been nice to practice with something inexpensive to see how much I like it. The brush is super easy to use and it's easy to clean. Five stars!"
"This is my second kit and I love it.  My son actually gave this second one to a classmate in fifth grade, an avid art fan (who is very talented, too) for her birthday.  She thought this was the best present she got.  It has everything you need (except the paper or canvas to paint on).  Colors are great, the brush is really nice...I actually purchased an additional brush after painting with this one for the first time.  It's just a fun, high quality kit."
"Gave this to my kid, she liked it, used it all up and moved on.  I like the painting she did, vibrant colors."
"I love this! This little kit is one of my favorite things. The paint is wonderful and I like working with it. So vibrant and very good quality. The kit itself is well made and compact but has everything you need. Even a little thumb loop on the bottom! I use the kit for crafting and small paintings, I never take it ""out in the field"", and I've never used the water brush it came with. But, I would/will definitely purchase this again when my runs out (if it runs out, these paints just seem to last forever)."
"This is a really nice set - a very useful format with thumb-ring on the bottom.  It's nice they included a waterbrush, but I have to say I prefer my Ziggy waterbrushes.  I got this for use at home, but for a field kit....Kudos!  I'm really glad I bought it - all good quality.  I'm thinking the sponges are for drawing old paint out of the waterbrush as you squeeze the water chamber."
"So the paints themselves are wonderful. They're strongly pigmented and they blend beautifully. The water brush, however, is absolutely terrible. The bristles are an awful plastic that doesnt hold the brush shape at all. They pull and shift and make the painting process awkward and clumsy."
"The colors are very bright, and stay vivid even when using a lot of water. They kind of have an ink like quality, which works really well for what I wanted them for. The watercolor pen is also really great for calligraphy."
The paints aren't water soluble. They melt to a chunky consistency. Difficult to paint with and its hard to chose your color because they are so close tOgether.
"Very happy with this purchase. It's compact, colors are good quality, and the waterbrush worked very well! I've shyed away from painting in the past, but the convenience of this set and the brush have made cleanup easy."
Purchased for teenager shes exploring into her art world... She loves it.
I bought this for my daughter for a Christmas present and she loved it.  Her remarks were that the colors were well pigmented.  She had use some other brands of water color and they were not as true to color as she would have liked.  She also remarked that she liked the pallet that came with it.  The brush was just ok.  This whole set folds up and can travel very easily. The case is well made and is not flimsy plastic.  I found it to be a good value for the money and it was shipped very fast.  My daughter had looked at other sellers of this and like products and they were going to take 3-4 weeks to arrive.  With prime it took just days.
"This set is worth every penny and then some. The incredible functionality can't be beaten and the 24 colors, even in this small package, make you feel you have everything you need (except for a second brown). The two sponges feel delicate, but should last for a while if you're not rough with them. There's also a ring on the bottom of the box so you can hold the entire thing like a traditional palette. Everything has a distinct use and purpose, and no item seems like a waste.

Pros:
-The inclusion of the waterbrush is pure genius--no mess or worries, and it saves SO much water since you only need a few drops to clean it. A black stopper for the brush is included so you can fill it up beforehand.
-Other than paper, this comes with EVERYTHING you need to do watercolor. No need to spend extra time getting paint water or a cloth for water.
-Doesn't skimp on color! 24 vivid, easy-blending colors offer tons of variety.
-Small 4x6-inch size.

Cons:
-The box does not close securely and may open when inside a bag. Consider a rubber band.
-Only one waterbrush size included, which doesn't give a lot of variety.

Other very small cons: There's only one shade I'd call a true brown, which surprised me. Also, if there's such a thing as a permanent watercolor that won't wash off, it's the green located under the dark blue on the right side. My palette and waterbrush are now stained, but after an initial wash, the pigment doesn't spread and stain other things.

My rating for this set is 4.75/5 stars. I really wish this set came with all three waterbrush sizes, but overall I really couldn't be happier. I'm currently planning to purchase the small and large waterbrushes, and in the meantime I'm continuing to love this set more every minute."
"Love it! Doesn't shed, holds water well, and washes off easily. :D"
Thank you!
"What a great little brush. I purchased one several months ago for my own use, this one was a gift for my mom."
very happy
ok
Granddaughter loves it! She's an aspiring artist and wanted to try watercolors. This was a Lightning Deal and everyone raved about it in the reviews so I grabbed it for her. She's very excited and can't wait to try it out!
Great little travel set.
"Weell.. This watercolor set is decent compared to my Winsor & Newton Cotman Compact watercolors. The paints are pigmented.. a little hard to blend with but not too shabby for a beginner. The only big problem I have with this set is the brush, it is pretty s***ty to me. The bristles stay intact but you can move them in and out of the holder. I found it harder to clean my brush so I stopped using it and used my Pentel Aquash Brush. Worked better than this one."
"I am a freelance artist and studied Media Arts/Animation in college. I can't stop drawing, so I need to bring art supplies with me wherever I go. This is the perfect travel watercolor set! The pigment quality of the colors are great and the self-rewetting brush technology makes the process of painting hassle free.

PROS:
- Color selection: There are several base colors to work with, but you can also mix as you see fit to match the hue that you're looking for
- Blending Tray: If you're fan of mixing colors before putting it on to the page, then you will have the opportunity to use the 5 compartments. If you're running out of space, you can also use the back of the cover of the box which I often do when I run out of room.
- Easy refill: With just a twist of the cap you can refill the brush with water to start painting. It's painless, quick and easy to use.
- Brush: The brush is similar to Japanese sumi brushes, so you can get into really detailed strokes or angle it to have broader ones.
- Case: The case fits all the colors, blending trays and the paint brush. It also comes with 2 sponges to dab at your page if you lay down too much water. The size and lightness of the case makes it really easy to bring this around wherever you get the urge to sit down and paint.

CONS:
- Palette spacing: With such a tiny case, the paint palette colors are very close together. I like more breathing room in between to make sure they don't unnecessarily mix. It's very easy to accidentally squeeze too much water out and have the colors blend. This can be easily avoided though, but thought I could still give fair warning to potential buyers.
- Shallow Pallet: While it takes a while to use up a full color, but if you plan to use this to the fullest, it does happen which will leave you with empty slots. There aren't any color refills for this unless you go for a different brand.

Over all this is something I'd recommend regardless of the cons. It can be for a budding new artist or a veteran. They also offer the brush in different sizes if you look on Amzon, but the one that comes in the set is the Medium tip."
Purchased as a gift and the recipient loved it! Watercolor painting isn't always an easy to transport hobby but this will make painting on the go much easier.
"i love this palette so much, the paints are nice quality and the little water holding brush is amazing (i never used one before and its great) arrived on time"
"Beautiful colors, easy to use- portable- Lots of fun!"
"Great brush but much smaller than brush that came with my kio watercolor set. That being said, this tiny brush does fit well in my travel sketch bag"
"Good set of colors and wonderful pigments. Love the mixing tray palette, the ring on the bottom and the brush. It's very portable and everything fits inside the case. It goes on smoothly."
Very nice product. Larger than I pictured.
"As an arid I love this product. So much fun and perfect for traveling, students, small spaces. I ordered more!"
"I bought these for my 8-year-old son.  He loves to paint, and these professional paints are beautiful, and easy to store."
"awesome! perfect size for small hands, as well. brush is pretty versatile, too."
"I never knew something like this existed but I am so glad I found it. Amazon recommended it to me based on my searches. I brought it immedietly.

It's just the perfect size and has all the necessities. I can tuck this away safely in my purse or bookbag and pull it out whenever inspiration strikes.
The case is very durable. I dropped it a few times to see if the case would remain closed and it did!
The watercolor brush is also very nifty! I love how much control I have. It's easy to refill and very simple to use. There's also no need for constant refilling. Working on two 8x8 papers, which took me a few hours to complete, I only had to refill once.
I am very satisfied with this product!"
"It came very quick, the box was packed carefully, none of the color pallets were destroyed or messy. The water color brush is very nice, I honestly think it's worth the price. Very very good. :))))"
Had  this on my  wish list  for  a  couple  years  they  had a lighting  sale on it  so I finally  bought it  great  set  you  get the  cool  waterbrush  sponges  the  colors  all look  very vibrant
"very nice quality water colors, the only brand I use."
I'm just beginning to dabble in watercolors so I wanted a set I could take with me at an affordable price point. This hit the spot perfectly! You get 24 nice colors with a brush that easily gets the paint wet enough to nicely transfer the colors to paper. It also includes a tray for blending. Perhaps the touch I like the most is the little ring that pops out under the tray so you can hold the watercolors in one hand. It makes me feel like a true artiste!
I love the water pen this comes with so much neater than the traditional sets. Nice space on trays included to mix colors. Would be more enjoyable if.there were more colors but this is just a travel size. The colors are vibrant and dry nicely. I used these in my adult coloring book!
It came pretty quickly and it works just as it was described. I definitely would buy this again!!
This was really nifty. It was a Christmas gift and she loved it. It can fit in her purse and the water color brush is handy. I definitely recommend this for painters on the go!
A+++
A+++
"Love this set. I'm a beginner who bought this as a gift to me from my SO for Christmas :-) saw it on lightning deal and couldn't resist. What a great, little, convenient package. And the brush is ingenious! Colors are bright and easy to mix for use in a variety of techniques. Would definitely recommend."
"Came across this product as a Lightening Deal before Christmas and purchased on a whim for my daughter. She absolutely LOVES it beyond words and has already told me that I need to look into purchasing another set for her. She loves:
(1) the simplicity of being able to use the brush/sponge with water in the nozzle
(2) the variety of colors included
(3) the board provided for mixing colors to the exact shade needed

I did purchase an additional set of waterbrushes in order to ensure she had more sizes available. I am very pleased to say this was an excellent spur of the moment buy and highly recommend purchasing for the artist in your life."
Great
Loved this watercolor set.  In love with the colors. This set really helps in making a beautiful picture. Easy to take with you when you travel a lot. High quality.
Great for beginners!
Daughter loves this set of watercolors.  She has been sketching and painting since she got them.
Good product.  Good service. Smaller than expected.
"I gave this as a christmas gift and recipient really liked it!
The watercolor palette has pretty and dynamic colors. The quality of the water brush is great."
very good
"Brush works great, only downside is I have big hands and the water part of the brush is small. I just screwed the head into a larger brush I had bought that came in the koi travel pallet."
"All the bad reviews about the brush wern't true, the top does screw on, the threads are reversed, apparently it was too difficult for some people. Mine works great and does not leak. As for the reviews about the pigment being grainy, it's because it's not tube pigment. All my experience with water colors all pigment that isn't in a tube is grainy. Once I played around with it I actually really liked it.

The reason for 4 stars instead of 5 is minor things. You have to dismantle the brush to put it in the case, there's no room for a second brush, although I was able to fit the other waterbrush head in the case with the one that came with it."
"Good quality, but does have less violet or purple colores."
My daughter gave me this as a gift this Christmas.  Because I'm the primary caregiver to her 5 month old twin girls when she's working she knew how difficult it was for me to be out of my studio for long stretches of time. I was hesitant at first because of the size of the pans but it only took me three seconds to fall in love with this set.  The colors are of superior quality and beautifully transparent.  I use my regular brushes with it because I do very little in the way of watercolor sketches. I did fill and test out the included brush and can see that it would be super handy for field work.  For myself it's a way for me to watch the babies but keep a small but creative footprint.
this is my favourite watercolour palette. it is a great investment for people who love watercolours or are looking to experiment with it. its very pigmented. the brush's bristles keep falling out but i think its because i ruined it ( idont remember) but i have another water brush anyway. it is good on the go and the palette was good when i had it (lost it lol). i've had this for almost 4 years and have not hit pan with any of the colours. they are long lasting and a little goes a long way for small cakes of pigment. i love it
"For the price, this is a great set. The only ""downside"" is the paints being so close together. I guess that's to be expected with so many colors in a travel case. I love the removal pallet. The paints are vibrant and rich.
Edit* I made a coordinate chart to use as a reference while I paint."
The new art craze for water coloring! No brushes needed! The case that holds the watercolors is very sturdy and made very well. It doesn't feel like cheap plastic that will break due to overuse. The extra tray for mixing is such a wonderful addition. I've used other water color sets where they did not have a separate tray for mixing. Had to use the cover to mix and it would just get messy. Perfect for traveling. Easy and compact for kids.
"As a casual painter, these watercolors meet all my expectations and more. The pigment is just wonderful. They blend beautifully and they don't stain the paper as cheaper alternatives do. They lift well, and I highly recommend them.

The waterbrush is very nice as well. This was the first waterbrush I used, and I found it very easy to use. It has become one of my favorite brushes because of the ease of use and portability.

Overall this is a very nice set. It is a great bargain, but does not skimp on quality. It is very impressive for the price. I highly recommend picking this up. If you are still hesitant, I recommend watching YouTube reviews. That's what sold me, and I have absolutely no regrets."
"Great value for the money. My only negative comment is that picture makes it looks like it comes with little sketch book and it does not. Saying that, it does come with brush pen--big plus and nice set of paints. Perfect to carry. Well designed Japanese item made in China:)"
I wanted this for a while (mainly for the cool brush :P) and when I had the chance I did and I'm loving them. The colors are really good and I love that I don't have to keep dipping my prush I can just wipe it on a napkin. Cleaning is also easy \(-w-)/
So cute and practical for travel!!! Love the water barreled brush
Love these water colors! The brush is amazing too and holds its shape well. Happy with this purchase!
Fast delivery.  Pleased with everything!!!
"I absolutely love this set! The pigment in this watercolor set are bright and beautiful. The brush is very handy, especially when you want to paint on the go. If you are a beginner looking to get into watercoloring I highly suggest this product. You cannot go wrong with this set, especially at the price it is in."
"Excellent and very high quality paints.  I love the packaging, even down to the little loop on the bottom of the container to hold as your palette while painting.  I've wanted this set for a very long time and I was lucky enough to get it for one of my Christmas presents.  One of the best presents I'll ever receive.  I've never tried the top dollar watercolor paints but I have tried the Van Gogh, and they are good but the saturation of the Sakura is much better.  Such vivid and beautiful colors and that nifty packaging that this set comes in puts this over the top in my opinion.  I do believe this is a set that would suffice for the beginner artist right up to the Artiste of any caliber.  I love my set!"
"Out of all the water brushes available, this is my favorite. Easy to fill and cap is secure so it doesn't spill or evaporate when not in use. The bristles clean up nicely without staining as long as you clean when done. I just squeeze water out and use a clean paper towel. They work great for when I'm using my inktense blocks and pencils too!"
I purchased these as a gift - the performance is tbd- presentation and value were great.  Well made little kit.  Be sure to pick up small watercolor cards to go with it.
"Colors highly pigmented but my set came with 2 paynes grey and missing quinacridone rose. I have contacted Sakura, hope they can correct this otherwise I will return"
Vibrant colors. Loved the carry case. Flow of paint colors awesome
"I ordered this a couple of days ago as a Lightning Deal item. It arrived today, and it's fantastic  tiny but complete!"
"This gets classified under kids toys and artsfor some reason but it really shouldn't. It's pretty high quality, the paints are nice, and the overall set is good to have and carry around / portable. I've bought a couple of them because I was impressed by the quality of the item.  Very worth while buy."
"This product is genius. Got it on a lightning deal and am so glad I did! The watercolor pen is handy and exciting when you first try it. The colors are beautiful, varied, and show up well. I just got this today and am already in love!"
"I am absolutely in love with this. For years, I have always wanted one after seeing so many artists have it. Now, I know why they do. The overall design is simplistic and stays true to being travel friendly. It comes with a mixing pallete, a water brush, and two sponges on the side of your colors. Let me say that, these small characteristics are helping hands. Normally before, i would have my bulky watercolor pallete, along with a handful of napkins and a waterbottle. Now, everything is conventiently in one place. Also, the colors are very pigmented and beautiful. It doesn't leave this chalky look to it like most cheap watercolor do. Glide the waterbrush badboy over a few times and you got an opaque color."
Love love love these paints. And they got to me super fast
Very small.  Another size for my ever growing water brush collection.
nice
Bought this for a gift for an artist. She picked it out. Know she will love it.
My go-to watercolor! Love love love!
Love this its great for my new hobby. Keep in mind this is a cheap watercolor and can be pretty chalky. It has a nice set of colors along with a great quality waterbrush. The water brush comes with a stopper so no water will leak out when traveling. Over all its a nice compact set for beginners.
The watercolor brush that comes with this set is a wonderful tool and the watercolors blend perfectly as well.
"It's a good water color brush, so far.  I use the the pentel  squash and I like that one alot, but I thought i'd try this one and so far it's works well good water flow and point maintains shape."
"Very nice colors, wet instantly, nice and bright. Great travel set"
"Work pretty good, although I probably wouldn't know, because I've only done three water colors so far, other than in kindergarten. The colors are kind of close together, sometimes get an I water color on the brush."
Great shade.. each color is nice. this set comes with a thick and easy to use brush. perfect for different types of art.
These are very pigmented. Very good for the price
"It has a finger loop on the bottom, the 5-compartment tray can be placed at the 3, 6, or 9 o'clock position in order to accommodate lefties or righties. The pen has a cap. There are 2 long, soft sponges @ 3 & 9 o'clock so you can wipe your brush off. The lid acts as an easel for your paper. Japanese product. Made in China. I'll come back & update if the colors suck."
Beware!  I ordered two of these kits and the water brush was NOT included in either kit.  Very disappointed that this does not include what is promised.
"A definite must have in your arsenal of pocket/travel art supplies, as well as in general.
A good quality set for the beginning (as well as more advanced) water colorist that won't break the bank.

I have had my set for over a year and I still absolutely enjoy it for quick sketches. It comes with a water brush, a adjustable palette and two little sponges one the sides to dab off excess paint and can be replaced. Really great price for the quality you get, pigmented for pan paints. They are fairly translucent, but can be painted semi-opaquely with less water and working the paint in the pans. These are great for quick plein air paintings while traveling, hiking or chilling on a bus or train, you only need a bottle water to refill the pen and a cloth to clean the brush tip.

Although it has gotten less use after I got a different watercolor pan set, I still come back to this set for journal sketches and quick plein air studies."
I bought this same about a year ago from a local art store (for almost $10 more should've Ama-scanned first) well I use this like mad.  It's also been abused by children during art lessons.  It's held up so well.  I like the pentel brushes much better.  I've been making Christmas cards--using watercolor cards I get on Amazon too.  Allows me to paint anywhere when I have 5 minutes.  I don't find the color limiting and I have bought the Windsor travel kit too but it's nothing like this one.  The koi holds up better and the colors don't fall out.  I use a wet wipe to clean up the paints and trays on the road.  Fast and easy.  Great ideas for Christmas gifts too as kids love this.
Amazing set! Colors are nicely pigmented. Great for the price.
Still going strong almost three years in as a student! I plan on repurchasing when I run out.
"This is a charming and well-made set of watercolors. I adore how neatly-assembled the kit is; no need to lug around too many additional supplies, because the paint, brush, water, and palette are right there. The colors are rich and the case is perfectly compact for tucking in a bag and taking on-the-go."
Vivid koi pigments with excellent coverage. Love the assortment of colors!
I love these brushes. They are easy to use and can go with me any where.
NEEDED FOR ART CLASS.  THEY WORK GREAT FOR MY PURPOSES.  REASONABLY PRICED.
"The watercolour pans provide vibrant colours, however the lid does not snap shut.  I have to use an elastic to keep it shut when not in use."
i love this and now i use it all the time
"Great for the beginner watercolor artist, but definitely shouldn't be overlooked if you're experienced. It provides a solid number of colors in a portable case that can be taken anywhere, and is a great addition to any collection."
"Amazing, beautiful colors. Great kit for beginners or those on the go."
Very high quality and inexpensive set! Fell in love with water color ever since I got this kit. The brush is better than I though!
Good product.
Good practical product.
This is a fantastic travel kit! I can take it on the go and paint from anywhere. The brush pen is very well made!
I love it!
"i really love it, cheap and transportable"
"I purchased this set as a temporary set before getting professional paints The paint cakes here are very small (the size of a penny) and although they have high pigmentation, some colors are chalky. Lightfastness tests show that these paints alter significantly in light and are not suitable for more professional grade artwork that needs to be preserved. For a sketchbook, however, these are great and portable.

After using up the paints in here, I plan on ripping out the entire plastic assembly in the middle and filling the case with my own half-pans filled with more professional grade paints. The case is very convenient and the waterbrush included is essential for on the go painting. Overall, it's a great set to get started in watercolor, and the box is fantastic for when you want to upgrade."
This set is perfect for school when I have to do sketches! :3 its portible and shipped fast!
"These are great! I decided to try out watercolors on a whim, and went for these. I have nothing to compare them to as I have no experience with any other brand, but so far I really like them. The set is small, but has a lot of room to mix colors. I am very happy that I chose these to accompany me on my foray into art."
Lovely quality for the price. Really enjoy using it!
Good quality and easy to use. I take it with me everywhere.
Great for aspiring painters! the brush is just thick enough to make artistic curves. the shade of each color is also great.
Love this watercolor set a lot. It's great for beginners to save money and a pocket size to carry around.
"These are a good beginner set of paints, and have a nice selection of colors to start with. After use, I found the blue to be grainy, and was unable to perform any lifting techniques with this set."
I'm a beginner and this is great. I like the water brush and colors. It is great to keep in my purse or art container easily. Great for inspiration on the go!
Beautiful colors and excellent saturation of color.
Amazinggg I love it so much.
Great set for travel.
everything arrived as it was supposed to
Great size ... good pigment
"Rich colors, portability, effecient use of space, and the brilliant water-pen.  As a newbie to watercolors, these have been an absolute dream to use, and at this price, it simply can't be beat."
"Convenient, and good quality. Easy to use for beginners like me. But the colors are not that good-not transparent enough for me. Good enough for the price though."
"I purchased the Sakura Watercolor set for some art projects. I really like the brush and it is easy to use and refill, though the paints can run out fast  depending on who the painter is; that will not change my opinion in how it is a great paint set."
"Ohhhh I love these so much,they are smaller that I thought but still great"
This is another art product I love.  These watercolors are great and can stash this in your backpack or travel bag to use when you are keeping a travel journal.  Fun to add color to your sketches and these watercolors are great.  Great buy for the money and it lasts for a very long time and you can replace the colors individually as you use them up.
Awesome for trips!
"I've really been enjoying this kit! Plan to purchase some higher quality paints when I use this up, but that will probably be a while."
Nice set of water color paints!
"light weight,comfortable and easy to use.  HELPS MAKE PAINT ENJOYABLE."
I bought this for my bible journaling and I couldn't be happier!
Great vibrant colors
"Very nice paint. I am new to water coloring, and like this paint. Very bright pretty colors :)"
Awesome travel kit.
Love the rich colors of these paints!  Great variety of colors for a great deal.
"I tried it out and think it will be great to carry this in my bag and paint on the go. Waiting at the Dr.'s office, etc. I like the size and the portability."
"For less than $20, this watercolor set is a good deal for an intermediate painter.
The consistency of the paint is smooth, across the board and there is a nice variety of color.
Unlike other reviewers, I didn't have any problems with my waterbrush. The black plug screwed off without issue and I was able to fill the reservoir with water and screw the tip back on. My only complaint about the brush is that you have to squeeze the brush fairly hard to get the water flowing out of the tip.
The case has a removable palette. The inside cover and area in front of the paints can be used as a palette as well. There is also a small plastic loop that can be unfolded from the bottom of the paint dish for you to hook your fingers and hold the tray while you paint. There are 2 sponges on each side of the paints as well.
Overall I've been completely pleased and when it's time for me to restock my paint supplies, I intend to get another."
"CONVENIENT SET ALL THE COLORS I NEED.  PEN IS COMFORTABLE TO HOLD, CASE SITS  ON MY PILLOW FOR EASY ACCESS TO COLORS."
good quality and easy to carry!
Nice brush/water well that does great watercolor work.
"These are great for the price. Very creamy & vibrant- especially the warm colors. They seem to re-wet fine. They are not at the level of Winsor & Newton, Daniel Smith or Van Gogh, but I really enjoy working with them as a newbie. There are cheaper brands that are awfully chaulky. These are a great alternative if you're not ready to invest in professional grade, but still want to use quality watercolors."
"I love the set, but I had to drop a star because the water brush that came in the set was bent on the end.  Amazon was great about replacing it with another set!"
"Items arrived in good condition. I  also love the variety of colors available in this palette, the nifty water brush as well as the detachable mixing palette."
I have tried so many different watercolor pallets and this is BY FAR  my favorite.
What can you say - for the price and my use. Perfect!!  I'm an amateur painter - however my teacher is not and this is what he uses. Bought these by his recommendation and super happy with the purchase.
Bought these for my niece. She really like them and said this was a great set.
It was ok but much smaller than I expected.
Second order of these paints.  Wonderful small assortment for easy spur of the moment water colors.
"Water colors are fine, and at first glance the brush is cool. I put water in it and such and went to refill it, only to discover after 30 minuets of trying to get the damn thing off, that it had to holes, both caused by trying to open it. Very dissapointed with my purchase."
"WOW! I bought this because I couldn't find my other travel watercolor set. I LOVE these. LOVE them!!! The box is sturdy, contains everything I need, including a water brush, and the watercolors themselves are fabulous, with rich vibrant colors! I recently took these on a trip to Cancun and loved the resulting paintings!! Wonderful product"
"LOOOOVED these paints! I've been using regular cake paints and these are definitely better. The color is so much smoother, vibrant and glides on the paper! Highly recommended especially since it's so affordable for everything you're getting! The squares may be small but they're going to last me a reallyyyy long time! :)"
"The box is very compact, great for a sketcher like me who dosent like to carry big sketchbooks or colours. The colours are bright. The brush pen is convenient. I wanted to also try out a brush pen without buying a whole set. Very happy with the purchase.  The price was right too"
Great starter brush if you are new to water brushes.
Nice small kit but many of the pigments are disappointing. I prefer transparent watercolor and many of these are opaque and chalky looking. I know the transparent issue is subjective but what isn't is the way some of these colors mix. I took this to Italy and used it to sketch and paint wonderful produce that we found there. I was painting a beautiful pepper that had both red and green colors in it. When I created a wet-into-wet wash the colors mixed and instead of creating and interesting interpretation of the pepper as the paints I normally use would (mostly Daniel Smith a bit of Winsor Newton and Holbein) my pepper looked as if it had serious dermatology issues. I will use up the paint in the palette for figure drawing gestures and replace with the aforementioned paints from tubes.
great for beginners and experts on the go
"i love this thing. i take it everywhere. the brush is one of the nicest refillable watercolor brushes i've used, too."
"I bought this watercolor set because I wanted something smaller and more travel friendly. I'm not very experienced with watercolors, so I don't really have an opinion on the pigmentation of the paints. However, I there are a good amount of colors in this set.

The size and compactness of it is excellent. The watercolor brush that comes with the set was designed so that you just have to refill the brush with water, rather than having to worry about bringing a cup. It also fits inside the kit once disassembled, which makes it super convenient! One other thing is that it fits a palette for mixing colors. It can be attached to the kit (in multiple different ways) or it can be detached completely if you want to hold it or clean it.

I really like this, mainly for the size and compactness of it."
Good quality product
"the colors blend well and easy to mix, easy to use. comes with the sakura brush and sponges on two sides so you can wipe your brush there. also comes with the mixing palette."
"So far I really like these.  Good price and very easy to pack up for on-the-go painting.  I am a novice painter, but these were recommended by a professional painter on a Youtube tutorial."
"I take this set with me everywhere! It's a great general all-purpose set, and so conveniently packaged for travel. The colors are bright, I don't use the water pen too much, but the palette is removable and I use the lid to mix paints too. I've recommended this to several friends!"
Fast shipping.  Awesome take-along paint set!
Excelent product! Higly recommended!
I would have given it 5 stars but the brush broke the first time I used it.  Because of the high quality of Sakura products I am sure I just got a bad one. I am new to watercolor and this is a great way to be able to paint on the go.
"When I first purchased this and went to use it,  the color wasn't blending and it looked gritty. I decided to try again and it was fine. I think maybe it has a dry layer covering some of the cubes that you need to work off before it actually works well. Now I never leave home without it! Colors are vibrant and blend well. It's hard to do some techniques and the aqua brush was a little but of a learning curve but now I mostly use aqua brushes even at home.

Great Durable set to take on the go. I cycle a lot and carry it in a small messenger bag that gets knocked around. Its even great to use at home for quick sketches."
"Tip: take a small piece of cardstock that fits inside the case and create a reference chart for the colors. I have a feeling these will last me forever, since I don't do watercolor much, but this kit is perfect. I can mix colors in the tray, and the brush pen is ideal"
This is the best painting tool I have ever owned.  Revolutionized my art; empowered me to paint anywhere.  I have been using the same set for ten years and have yet to deplete my colors.  -Magevis
"My daughter is happy regarding our purchase . Fast service and luc the product , diff will over from this seller again . Thank you !"
"Ive used water colors before and i decided to go ahead and adventure in them again. When i found out Sakura had watercolors, I did not hesitate to buy them. They are very good quality and the kit it comes in is just by far pleasing! It is really a great little set!"
"Gorgeous colors, that blend perfectly!"
Very good water colors. Beautiful colors and very sharp colors. Easy to use and doesn't take very much paint.
I purchased this set as a gift and the recipent really likes it a lot.
"This is a nice set. I really like the portability. The water brush is really cool. The colors are decent, but I just think that cake watercolor is never going to be up to the standard that I desire. The set probably deserves 5 stars for what it is."
"Haven't used yet, but well made with all the necessary colors."
"I've wanted to own this watercolor set for a long time and I m so glad I was able to get it here for a really great price. At stores it's usually sold for $35-$40, but I got it for $17 and it's great! It was a little bit smaller than what I had imagined but it's actually really convenient for moving around. The colors are so bright and pigmented I immediately noticed the difference in other watercolors I've used. The mixing board is so useful for making colors and removing paint from the brush. Once I brush the color on with water it dries up really fast so it doesn't spill everywhere. I'd definitely recommend it for any artist that wants to get more serious in traditional coloring. You'll 100% be getting what you paid for."
This is a neat little assortment.  The colors are bright and happy!
nice
"Its so portable, I love painting on the go!"
I love these little brushes. They work very well and I can carry them with me. Very fast shipping. Thank you
Really well pigmented and very bright and opaque colors extremely happy with these paints
So good
"This little paint set is the perfect way to carry watercolors out into the world. because you never know when a painting will present itself.  it comes with a water brush which is handy when you're out and have forgotten a water bottle...and there is a nice little palate...but the best part is the paint...a nice variety of rich colors  The names of the colors are on the box it comes in, so I cut them out and taped them to the underside of the paint container."
"I liked this set so well, I had to order the next size larger so I'd have more paint color choices. This set doesn't have brown and I wasn't able to consistently create the brown I wanted by mixing colors."
This set is so convenient and takes up so much less space than my previous method of using acrylic paint (in 2 oz. bottles). I can sit on the porch or on the living room couch and paint.
Love it!  Does just what I want ... a small amount of paints for in my purse.
Love this set of watercolors.
"This works wonderful for when I am out and about. I also use it when I just want to play around in my art journal, but don't want to get all my supplies out. Cakes last long."
This a cheap pen and it is good for my purposes. So far it has not leaked and controls the water flow very well.
oh my goodness...the best travel or anywhere paints ever...loving them so much
"Its great i still have it,
the only downside i have with it is that each square is soo small and i really have to dig in there with my brush
to get at it. especially with a big paint brush.
Nice for travel size it's pretty neat it has a mixer dish which is pretty useless though because trying to mix the colors to the side
once you do you cant suck up that color you mixed into the brush its just a big glob of colored water."
"Fantastic paint. Love the wide ranging variety of colors in this wonderfully imaginative portable field set of Watercolors, a paint tray that detaches, and even includes the water brush. Remove the black plug, fill the tank with water, put the plug back on so there's no leakage and you're all set. A gentle squeeze of the tank until water moistens the small white brush end and voila' your watercolor creations can begin; no muss, no fuss. The small sponge containers on either side of the color palate are for wiping excess color from the brush so as not to contaminate the colors as you apply them to your work. (I always keep a wet wipe handy as well). A sectional palate is included as well. You simply cannot beat this well thought out little field kit for the price."
"The tip on this pen is much better (longer and sharper) than the kuratake brand version. I would go a step up and get the bigger reservoir if I had the choice, although for detail use, the water stays in this pen for a very long time. I did three or four drawings before I needed to refill it, using the water just for shading and filling in small areas on a 4x6 drawing. When I first got this pen I thought it was cheap and set it aside thinking I would never use it. Once I gave it a shot it became my favorite tool for blending and moving color around in my ink drawings."
I love these watercolors.
"I bought this set to carry around with me for plein air painting and urban sketching. The size, together with the overall convenience of the package, convinced me to buy. Having now had and used these paints intensively for several months, I feel qualified to offer a review. By way of comparison, I also have a Cotman travel set of 12 colors and zillions of tubes of paint, mostly for home use, some of which I've put dollops of in a travel palette.  First, in terms of value for money, the Koi kit is excellent. Compared to Cotman, it includes a waterbrush, two sponges, and has a more generous mixing surface, all big pluses. Moreover, the waterbrush is very decent quality. I picked up some low-end waterbrushes that came in a range of sizes from my local art store. The Koi brush runs circles around these in terms of snap, holding its shape, and being able to control water flow. The set offers lots of colors, just about everything you might need, another plus.

So why only four stars? When it comes to watercolor sets, it's all about the paint. Transparency is an important quality for watercolor. While this will vary with the materials with artist grade paints, for student grade, as this set is, most of the paints are tints or hues so consistent transparency should be more easily achieved. Except it is not here. The reds, in particular, suffer from a big problem in this regard. Having a transparent rose/crimson color on one's palette is pretty essential. The quin rose is okay, but the crimson in this set is lifeless and quite opaque unless diluted down a lot.

You don't need a zillion colors in a water color set, but you do need the right colors to mix what you want. Specifically, ultramarine blue and burnt sienna are the two essential colors on any palette. The blue is in evidence here but, inexplicably, burnt sienna is nowhere to be found. The closest is a color that is bizarrely labeled ""light red."" It is red all right, but hardly light. It's not burnt sienna either, more like an opaque Venetian Red. But, rather sadly, it is the best option.

The bottom line is that, despite the convenience and the larger number of colors, I find myself preferring the Cotman set to this. It has many fewer colors, again mostly tints and hues, but better colors, both in choice and in behavior."
"This is great for the price. There's a large variety of colors, and the waterbrush is super easy to use. I love how compact everything is! It does take a little practice to get used to using the waterbrush, but it's really worth it!"
I don't use yet . But looks so beautifully
We like this brush- were just surprised by the size of the barrel that holds the water. It is a shorter brush than a standard pen.
"Love the vivid colors, the two palettes and four places to put them while painting. Love the water brush, so easy to use, doesn't clog. Sakura 24 color pocket field sketch box has to have been made by a genius! Plus they have a great website, showing and explaining how to use all of the Sakura products. Thank you, Sakura!!"
"Really beautiful and amazing kit! The colors are great, and not too translucent. I love that it comes with a brush pen that has a stopper so you can keep water in it! That's amazing, first time I've seen that actually. I already love it."
"This water color brush is terrific, just what I wanted.  It holds enough water for me to use it  easily ( while using my lap desk in my easy chair at night while watching TV) without getting up to refill it.  Also, the nylon tip is small enough to get into corners-such as flower tips and leaves. The brush comes apart by unscrewing the tip from the bottom water holder and makes it ideal for travel.
  I did have one small issue about the waterbrush, however.  The water holder has a plug that you have to remove in order to use it.  Since I easily misplace even large items, I just didn't know what to do with this 1/4 inch (about) sized plug.  It was fortinuate for me to have ordered a watercolor box in the same order and my solution was an easy one.  I placed the plug in the far left well next to the lid and taped over the well with clear tape. Now, when I'm not planning to water color with it for awhile, I can easily remove the clear tape and pop it into the holder.  Easy peezy."
"This is a really nicely turned out set with a good range of colors in a convenient size PLUS an excellent medium sized Sakura waterbrush, a really useful bonus that adds a lot to the set. I chose it to replace a Winsor and Newton Cotman set of similar size, but with twice the number of colors. (It's going to my granddaughter.) So far I am very happy with the Sakura set and liked the included waterbrush so much that I ordered two others in different sizes which add real extra convenience and portability to the set which I use for pen and ink/water color sketches.  Now, if only I could paint worth a darn!"
"I bought a Sakura Koi watercolor set, planning to take up some urban sketch using pen and watercolors. I knew ( and still know) precious little about watercolor painting. But the water color set came with a free 9-ml. tank watercolor brush. I started playing around with it and was amazed at how much more portable and convenient it made a set of traveling watercolors. I bought two others, one smaller and one larger than the one that came with the watercolor set. They were inexpensive, simple to use, and of excellent quality. The brush points held their shapes, made applying water colors extremely controllable, and were easy to rinse pigment out of. A heck of a good idea!"
"OK colors, easy to use with brush, like the fold out pan. Small and lightweight is nice for portability."
Great! Love it
"Love this! I have waited so long to get this set and I finally have it! The box the watercolors are on seems to be made out of a durable plastic. I like how neat the inside looks and althought it is hard to use the water pen at first, after a few minutes it was easy to use . I also like how the bottom of the box has a small latch that makes it easier to hold. Another plus was that the shipping was fast and there was no damage done to the kit or the paper box that it came in ."
"I bought this set to do watercolors on a camping trip where I was packing light and wanted to leave my heavy camera gear behind. It was really fun and the colors worked great for the landscapes on my trip (sandy beaches with clear blue waters and forests). There is also quite a LOT of color stuffed in the little trays... When they get wet, they will expand and may get stuck on the underside of the mixing pallette if you're not careful. The pen was really simple to use and I could get 2-3 pictures per fill out of it, even with liberal drenching of the paper to do color washes. I took a B5 block of watercolor paper and chopped it in half, and the halves (B6 size) fit perfectly in the cover of the pallette, allowing me to use it as a perfect little travel easel for postcard sized paintings. The exercise of bringing this instead of a camera was really freeing and satisfying, and reminded me of how much I enjoyed painting from life. I missed having it on a recent trip, so I might have to start bringing it along as a standard item on my trips!"
"I bought this compact travel box with intentions of removing the included pigments and adding my own from tubes. The rectangles are glued so well doing so would have destroyed what appears to be a blow molded interior. I think ""sketchbox"" is an accurate name. If you are a plein aire artist and wish to get a quick impression of your area, this is fantastic. The WATERBRUSH is particularly nice. The addition of the little black flower head makes it the easiest to fill of any I have ever used. The layout of the box is great. Many have said they don't know what the sponges are for or they don't use them. They are not meant for cleaning. The best way to clean the brush is to squeeze out plain water then wipe. The sponges are if you are working wet in wet, after you put the initial water on the page, you wipe the brush so that you can go back and mop up any excess water. So the four stars is for two reasons: cheaply made interior, and, the colors themselves. Since they don't actually say what's in them with pigment numbers, I am inclined to believe they are made with dyes and therefore not lightfast. Think of radiant liquid watercolor. Think of Holbein Opera Rose and Bright Violet. They are beautiful colors I use myself. They are fun to paint with but the colors can fade. Best option for these is sketchbooks and journals where the colors can be out of the light and protected. Hopefully when I finish using the color I will be able to replace them with tube paints. How I wish they would make this exact box in metal, even at double the price! Removable individual cups would be a super plus! I like the finger hook on the back too. Box design is ingenious. I made the chart on Arches 140 cold press. One coat with a flat brush. I labelled according to the contents listed on the side of the box."
It's so perfect I hate to use it. Superior to my student grade. Perfect for travel and outdoor field sketches.
Perfect. Thank you.
Really rich colors. These feel like a cross between watercolors and gouache.
Love this
"Awesome watercolor set - very potable, slick aND high quality - not much paint but then again, this is not meant to be your everyday workhorse set! I bought it to take it on a cruise. I needed it to be small but have a recent variety of colors. Worked like a charm!"
Great traveling set when you have limited space and still want to take watercolors along with you!
I love this set! It's easier to take anywhere and the colors are beautiful.
"LOVE this little kit! Great quality, perfect size (just buy a little moleskin journal and you have a travelling art kit), great variety and depth of colour. Waterbrush is great!  Now you can set up the set on your lap while at the beach, overlooking vacation scenery, amongst your gardens flowers, on the deck, etc. I've even painted while a passenger on a roadtrip thanks to the little waterbrush. Can't speak highly enough of it!!"
Great brush. Better than expected. Does not leak.
"Arrived on time and as advertised. I used it immediately out  of the box and it is very easy to fill. The package comes with the refillable barrel, cap and brush, and a small plug for travel so the water in the barrel doesn't leak out. The plug is VERY small so I am keeping mine in the original packaging so it doesn't get lost. I would definitely recommend this product."
I love these watercolors. They last a long time and look beautiful!
"I love this kit. It is compact, but full of colors and features!
The mixing tray can be held to either side, or downward, and it's pegs will hold it steady for gentle mixing.
The lid stays up nicely and makes for a nice mini-easel. It could be a tiny bit better if there were a tab of some sort to hold a small paper there.
There is a small ring on the bottom, which can fold out, and be used to hold the entire kit steady in hand if you don't have a table available.
The brush has a removable tip to make it fit in the kit, and includes a small, flat plug that will keep water in the brush, even when the brush is disassembled.

I simply cannot find a thing wrong with this watercolor kit."
I love this little set. It comes with a watercolor brush which I think it convienent. The quality is good and the colors are vibrant!
"Love this kit. Nice intense colors and so convenient for travel. I find I even use it at home while out on the deck or when I have to wait for long periods in the car, e.g., kids sporting practices."
"Excellent quality. Seems tiny, but the quality of pigments makes it really last. Use it almost daily for maybe one painting a day since July, and still no sign of using it all up. Plus, the case is awesome. Compact with flexiblity for the water, mixing and clean up. Worth every penny."
"Such great quality. Super easy to use, durable, and perfect size."
"This is a wonderful watercolor set and the brush that comes with it is so convenient to have. Whoever created the brush deserves a medal. All I really need extra is a paper towel, though I suppose I should learn to use the sponges. The set has every color I might ever need, all of which dry beautifully."
"I really have nothing else to say. It's good, compact, and cheap. It's not the best out there, but if you're new to watercolor and wish to own a set that isn't too pricey (even if it is worth it) then this would do good."
"intense, smooth and easy to blend."
"Very compact, comes with everything I need to take on a trip (except the paper). Will even pass through TSA and can be carried on a plane. I just need to fill the waterbrush, load in some watercolor paper, and create a painting anytime/anywhere."
Very high quality paints. Love them!
Nice little kit.  Easy to pack to take on vacation.
Gorgeous colors and a great brush that lets you do detail work in watercolor.
Amazing
"My favorite watercolor brush!  I keep it in the travel art kit I always have in my purse, however I have yet to keep water in it, so I can't vouch for that.  I just fill it up with the water bottle I always seem to have on me anyway."
I love how compact and vibrant the colors are! I love the water brush. I don't have to wipe out my big pallet. It is also very mess free :)
"I bought this for my trip to canada, it was very light and portable and the paints are really good quality for the price! I'm definitely in love with this pallete and the water brush is really handy as well."
Excelente!!!
great except the brushing dropps when wiping by napkin
"Absolutely in love. This is my first watercolor set and so good for beginners. It has made me fall in love with water colors. Great gift, great buy!!!!"
Excellent quality and long-lasting watercolors!  I adore these.  They're perfect for my needs!
love it
Amazing!
Watercolor will never be the same! The water brush makes watercolor inconvenience a thing of the past. Works great and holds enough water for me to paint several pieces without refilling
"Very unique and a new experience for me using a water brush.  What will they think of next?

Georgia Pogue"
happy with purchase
Sweet little set
"What an amazing little watercolor palette to start with. I'm not new to art, so I know using good materials can make or break the experience so I opted for this palette so my make doesn't break ;). I LOVE LOVE LOVE the brush, and hadn't noticed when i purchased it that the handle fills with water making travel easier, keeping the brush wet, and making clearing out to a fresh color so simple!

It was not only a great experience at home painting flowers in the yard, but also an awesome addition to our road trip this summer. I brought this set, perfect for travel as it is, and a Strathmore Watercolor Postcard Pad both here on amazon. all along the way i was sending hand-painted postacrds back home. I HIGHLY recommend this palette for anyone interested in taking up watercolor and for anyone that also, perhaps, does a lot of traveling."
"I brought this little guy to the beach and my friends thought it was neat! I'm not much of a painter, so I'm not totally sure about the quality of the paints. They seem to be fairly pigmented. The design of the product is just the coolest. On the back of the paint tray, there is even a flip down loop you can use to place your finger through so you can hold the palette easily with one hand."
"I noticed this watercolor set while watching a video tutorial, and I was instantly intrigued. I wanted to experiment with watercolor without spending a ton of money on supplies in case it wasn't my thing. This set was highly rated and under twenty dollars so it seemed like a good choice.

I am so glad I picked this up! As a beginner, I find the brush comfortable and easy to use. I have a little one that likes to be in my space when I'm working on projects (even when I give him his own) so I love not having to worry about him knocking over a cup of water.

The colors are gorgeous too. It's kind of amazing that all these colors and the brush can fit in such a small box. It's designed really well, especially with the removable tray that you can use a few different ways. I'm able to sit with my husband on the couch and paint while he watches tv. It's nice not having to set up a whole bunch of supplies just to paint for a couple of minutes.

If you're thinking about picking up this watercolor set simply because it looks like fun...do it! It's a nice way to relax and clear your head."
So far so good. Has good pigment and there isn't much of a change in hue after the dryout.
I like these little  watercolors; this is my second set.  I use them all the time for plein air painting. The colors are true and mix well.
"I'm a big fan of watercolor field kits and have several in addition to this one; currently a couple from Winsor & Newton, one from ZIG, and one of my own creation. I have primarily used Winsor & Newton kits for the last 20+ years, but since I purchased this watercolor set in March I have basically neglected all of my other travel/field watercolor kits and use the Koi kit with water brushes almost exclusively.  I take some regular brushes along with me too, but the water brush that came with it inspired me to get others.  So, I use water brushes as my go-to field tools now.  The colors are great and don't end up muddy like some other brands sometimes do.  I also like the size and layout of the kit itself.  The mixing tray fits snugly into the mounting points and you can use the lid either as additional mixing area or for a mini easel for post-card sized watercolors. It's general make up has helped me reduce the amount of gear I take along when I do plein air painting too. I mostly just take it, a small water container, a pencil, eraser, fountain pen, the aforementioned additional brushes, a watercolor sketch book, and a fold-out seat.  Additionally, I would not call this a ""student"" kit if that term is used to connote cheapness or lesser-quality paints. These are nice, rich paint cakes from which I have seen very little grittiness with the exception of one or two of the colors.  I would recommend this kit to anyone, whether just starting out or whether you have been at watercolor painting for a while."
"I'm pleased with this set of watercolors. I'm a neophyte when it comes to the art of watercolor, so I purchased this set based upon the reviews here on amazon. I've only done a few paintings so far, but these have performed admirably. I think I will try tubed watercolors next time to see which I like better."
It was a good gift
I just started watercoloring and I am in love with the colors and the brush that comes with this kit is awesome too. I would recommend this kit for a beginner like myself and have fun making your art
DO NOT BUY the tank will get stuck to the brush head which will leave it useless you will not be able to refill the basin. Its a shame because the brush on this is wonderful.
love to use
Seems much easier to use than other watercolors I've tried. Lots of color choices. And easy to pack and go!
BesT WATERCOLOUR EVER
"I've been looking for a some good quality watercolors to start out my senior year of high school. I was looking for something that could fit in my bag as well as being good quality. This is the best set of watercolors that is very portable! Comes with a little brush pen that you can fill which comes in handy. The set in general is great. Comes with a wide arrange of colors which is nice! Arrived just on time as well. I will definitley be purchasing more in the future, for my atrsy friends. As an artist, this is an essential item to have!!!"
5/5
Great Product
"The size is larger than I thought, but I still like it very much. I've painted a flower with the paints, and it looks great. The pen screws in from the other direction, so just be aware of that. I would recommend it!"
Very good for the price !
the best little watercolor set i own. small enough to travel with me and lots of colors to choose from.
I absolutely love this watercolor set and take it everywhere with me.
Love this!  Wonderful not to muddle colors with water rinsing jars. Perfect for small personal illustrations. Very portable with a separate color mixing tray that you can clean in the sink.  I think I want another one.
"Colors are awesome!!!
very vibrant. slim packaging. travel friendly
love it"
Quality at a good price.
beautiful shades
"absolutely  positively  a must buy  very portable  great selection of colors,brush is great  I will positively buy again!"
"I would like to have more pastel colors, but I love using this set!"
Wonderful!
Perfect for travelling! The colors are really pigmented. The brush works great.
good product for color rough or just for fun. The size is small and convenient.
"This is my first ""paint box"". It is a nice set and has a good weight to it. Not light and flimsy. The colors look bright. Can't wait to use it!"
Its bigger than the winsor newton sketch box. Like it has a niced palette. The brush is handy. Good colors that mix easily. nice set
This is a great tool for someone just starting with watercolor or professionals who travel.
This set of water colors is awesome for beginners. It's compact and the colors a great for mixing and saturating.
so cute & convenient to carry around. It's light and has a lot of good colors
"The water pen/brush is great idea, but poorly executed.  The paint is vibrant and smooth.  I love the variety and the tray is so neat and portable that it is a great for quick sessions of watercolor painting."
did not like it its not for pro artists-try winsor and newton it is much better does not worth 20 bucks
"Perfect for hiking, backpacking, trips to the beach and travel in general. Love the durable but light case and handy pen-brush. Paint hues are vivid and varied.  This handy little kit is really a neat and compact design."
"The paints are excellent. The reason I changed the rating is the Brush. I've used the new 30 color set only twice and the brush hair came out in a long sweep! So now every time I wipe my brush clean, the hair comes out! I'm hoping the seller will send me a new brush.

Old review: Travelled extensively and used this everywhere. Some colors are chalky. Affordable quality for studies and travel sketching. Some of my art created with this set: [...]"
"Nice set, the only problem I have is that the self-moisturizing brush over-moisturizes sometimes, leaving me with too much water on the painting. The colors are nice and bright though, and it comes in a nice, white case-perfect for traveling."
"A nice set with included water brush that is easy to carry and very convenient for painting sketches in the field. The colors are decent and the brush convenient, if not capable of all strokes (dry brush is difficult to achieve as the brush is constantly fed from the attached water supply). Keep in mind these are not the highest quality pigments, but are quite good for field work and quick sketches.  This kit should get a lot of work from those who purchase it and will be happy they did."
"Extremely disappointed in this product. The included brush was completely unusable as the two pieces would not screw together making it impossible to hold or for water to be put in it. Would like to return it, but don't even want to deal with the hassle. The water colors are ok."
Love this set. Got one for myself and one for my sister. Awesomely compact and well designed. The colors are gorgeous! The included water brush is a very nice tool as well. Highly recommend!
"Really happy with this watercolour set, the item is exactly how it was described in the description. The watercolours are pigmented well and I love the size of this portable set."
Very pleased with the intensity of pigment and functionality of case. Brush--small head. I prefer a larger brush.
"Works perfectly for my water color pencils. Was afraid of it leaking, but haven't had a problem so far."
"Nice brush for quick sketches, outdoor painting. But not capable of dry brush work, as the water reservoir keeps the brush moist. For convenience and small washes, sketching, recording outdoor scenes a nice brush that is handy to carry and doesn't require you to carry an additional water bottle. Good with field sets of watercolors."
Gorgeous watercolor travel set. Out of all my dry watercolor paint this definitely is the best. The colors are very pigmented and bright and the waterbrush that comes included is fantastic. I have noticed  though that leaving exess water on the paint will eventually cause the paint to crack at the top.
"Love this watercolor set!  I am new to water color, and had only bare basics of instruction. I wanted a portable set that I could keep near me so I could pick up and dabble with it while watching TV. This is perfect. I keep a bottle of water and a little cup handy, along with a mixed-media 140lb Canson sketchbook. The case is a great size and has a solid feel to it. The palette sits nicely on the side of the box, and the underside of the lid can also be used as a palette. I will replace the paint as I go along. I read somewhere that there are square watercolor sticks that you can cut to refill the wells, but I also have tubes of paint and can just squeeze some of those into the wells. The brush is nice and I use it, along with just a couple of favorite other brushes. (NOTE: the nib on the brush screws on counter-clockwise!)  I hardly use the sponges, but have kept them with the case - I usually have a paper towel handy. Overall a nice little set.  I also gave one as a gift to a young artist in the family."
"exactly what I was hoping for--pretty, rich colors, portable for travel painting"
"Works great and is super awesome (you really do need to try of these gadgets if you watercolor), however it is way overpriced for a cheap piece of plastic, I bought pretty much identical 3 water tank brushes on another site for less than the price of this one."
"Love it, I can bring this any where I want and paint my art!"
good product!
Good product!
"I was really excited when getting this product. I use the Derwent watercolor pencils and thought this would be a great way to travel. I don't DISLIKE them but I was a bit confused by them at first. There are almost NO instructions on how to fill the brush which lead to a few nasty spills. I had to look on the Sakura website and actually found a better way of filling the brush later. I just think the bristles are a bit ""stiff"" even after multiple uses and cleanings. I prefer other methods right now. Perhaps, I will give some other water brushes a chance. Usually I LOVE Sakura products!"
"I only got into watercolors last Christmas, when I was looking for something I could make by hand to give to friends and family members as presents.  I'm so glad I discovered painting.  It's a wonderful hobby and it's so cathartic.

Anyway, I purchased this set because I wanted a field kit that was easier to transport than my tubes, but wasn't as expensive as the higher quality pots.  I couldn't be happier with my purchase!!!  The colors are vibrant and they mix brilliantly.  I used it last night on a practice wedding invite.  While my inking skills need some work, haha, the colors themselves performed amazingly.

Also used was a Sakura Micron 005 pen."
"This is a great set, but the pen takes a bit to get used to. The brush is actually made of clear plastic fibers that are thicker than other synthetic brushes. Also, this may be a testament to the quality of the brush, but other brushes like this that I have used had a more flexible water chamber that allowed you to squirt water out through the brush a little easier. It also allowed me to create suction to sop up spots that were too wet. Because of the fibers on this brush, it is difficult to soak up any water, so make sure you keep a folded paper towel in the case, or you can pop out the sponges.

This set is also heavier and bulkier than I expected but overall it is a great set. I would not call it pocket-sized, especially if you wear women's pants! However, this will fit easily into large cargo shorts pockets or a small purse."
"Honestly, if you watercolor on the go a lot, I HIGHLY recommend getting these brushes (or even the less compact ones) to take with you. They fit enough water if you`re just sketching, and I use the larger ones for studio brushes, as the water in the handle is easy and fun to use :)

I love these brushes, and these little ones are PERFECT for people who love cute travel sets :)"
"I love these brushes, and these little ones are PERFECT for people who love cute travel sets :)"
"Although the water run a little too much making it difficult to apply details or darker colors, it has great colors and easy to carry around."
it's really cool love it
I love the compact design and the colors blend really well. And the compact aqua brush is great.
Amazing product very easy to use
"Pros:
The pigment quality and selection is great for the price. I did a pigment swatch and compared to my Winsor & Newton pigments, these are really close, maybe a hair brighter.

The waterbrush is awesome. I love using these for ink and watercolor now. I bought a multipack so I could have various tip sizes. Tip for outdoor use: don't try to fill it by holding it under a water stream, the hole is too narrow. Rather, squeeze the reservoir in water like a dropper and suck water in.

The tray has plenty of surfaces for color mixing.

The cons:
The color pigment tiles are lose and WILL fall out of their trays. I advise getting the the bottom of each tile really wet and sticking them in. You don't want to be out in the desert like me and have all the tiles pop out in the sand...

It's kind of annoying to have to take the brush apart to get it to fit in the case. Maybe make a smaller water reservoir for the brush, or design the case to have a longer brush holder?

The sponges are junk. I end up using paper towels I bring along. If they used a more natural sponge they'd work better.

All in all, for $20 this kit is pretty awesome for tossing in my bag and having color options for my on the go sketches."
"Back in May, I decided to teach myself watercolor painting and I wanted an inexpensive set with good color selections.  The reviews for the Sakura Koi 24-color set were all consistently good, and the price couldn't be beat.  The included water brush also helped tipped the scale.

A few months in, I find myself still enjoying this set.  (I have a Van Gogh and Lukas set, too.)  It's the one I grab when I want to play with color mixing and to sketch out ideas.  It fits so easily into a bag, so it's a no-brainer on-the-go choice.  The colors are nice and lay down decent washes.  I wouldn't call them artist quality by any stretch (that title goes to the Lukas set), but I also wouldn't call them student quality either; they're somewhere in-between for me.

If you're just starting out and want a really convenient travel set with a water brush that works well, you can't go wrong here.  This is the set that made me realize I truly did want to go deeper into watercolor painting."
Good product!
Great paints! Wonderful pigmentation and fast shipping
Water holding brush. Transparent Colors are bright on minimal watercolor paper.
"Check out my review on my blog!

http://thatsrish.com/the-amazing-little-watercolor-set-you-need-to-own/"
"Odd colours from your ordinary crayola palette however, still a great set! Love the case and water brush included."
easy to fill and use.
"Compact but has a lot of colors and a pallet to mix pigments. I even love the water brush and with the use of other brushes it helps if you're a little heavy handed with water when it comes to water painting.
If you're looking to try water painting and want something reasonable in price with out skimping on quality, I would get this. This with a multi-medium sketch book would make a great gift.
As shipping went, it was delivered quickly and safely. I was surprised that it came so quickly since my orders didn't start shipping until 4 days after ordering but it arrived on the same day the order was ship. All in all, it was a happy surprise."
"MAYBE good for a quick sketch but i would rather fill my own travel case tray with quality tube paints or at least by a winsor and newton travel case next time.

These paints are chalky, grainy and dull. The colors do not mix well together at all even with a ton of water on the paper. I tried since may to like these and have thrown away all pieces i tried to paint with this. They turned me off from watercoloring for a few weeks because it was that frustrating. I would not recommend this to anyone."
beautiful transparent colors - great for plein air and travel
"Writing this review after owning for 2+ months and using in various settings / applications.

I like the larger water tank in comparison to several water brush styles readily available. Allows for less refilling, easier to clean than some styles, and ability to do decent size washes on the go.

My main issue with the brush is it's water delivery system. I've read several blogs and reviews that praise this brush for a stable water flow but I didn't have such luck. I found it to be a miss because of a few leak issues (during travel none the less) and it's seemingly inconsistent flow when I would try to squeeze to adjust.

Is it the worst water brush on the market? No. Put for me it still isn't a replacement on the go for a travel brush and water. I don't enjoy thinking to heavily about my tools opposed to what I am trying to create. So, still on the hunt!"
"This is it folks! This is a VERY neat and compact little watercolor set that goes a LONG way! It's light weight, yet sturdy and does not feel cheap at all. The brush is incredibly easy to use and I was painting my sketches without problems. I was curious to see if they pen could hold water while traveling and I was somewhat surprised to see that the thing does not leak; all of the liquid stays inside without problems. I am a cartoonist and am very eager to apply these watercolors to some on-the-go cartoon sketches."
Vibrant colors - fun for travel though a bit hefty for the size.
I love this watercolor kit! The colors are great and the sponges on the side of the paint are amazing! I can go on forever! The brush is really good quality! I love everything about it!!
"This is a nice watercolor set to have, especially when first starting out learning this art form.  The price was right, the colors are beautiful, and its compact size is great for travel.  I am enjoying my set."
These are so much fun to travel with!
"Absolutely love this little set of watercolor, very nice quality and vibrant."
Everything you need for traveling. I was so impressed with the quality for the price is pretty remarkable. The water brush worked better than expected also.  This set is certainly adequate for home use as well.
"I tried a variety of waterbrushes including the Zig detailer, the Niji, and Faber-Castell and the Sakura ones are the best for a number of reasons. The quality of the tips stay to a true point for much longer.. the type of nylon they use for the brush is great, almost snaps back into place like memory wire. They are easy to refill (with the other ones you have to use a butter knife to pry off a small rubber piece before refilling them). The 9 ml tank is also a nice size tank.

I really wish they made an extra small brush size because these are so fun to use."
Children like this.
good for travel fun! love it :)
"I really like the small compact size of this set, and the small waterbrush that comes with it. Sometimes I do use a larger size waterbrush but the small one is nice to have when I just have the pocket field sketch box and my journal. I like to use this with the small Moleskine Watercolor Journal, they both fit nicely in my backpack or messenger bag. If you think you might need more pans of color, you may want to get the larger 18 or 24 sketch box."
The colors are so vibrant!
Love these water colors.  Have been using them today.  Keeps me happy on rainy days :)
"The compact size is great, perfect for tossing into a backpack or purse. The latch isn't the strongest, though, so a rubber band around it wouldn't hurt. I like the design of the case, you can attach the palette on any side, there are sponges on both sides.

The paints are pretty good. Vibrant colors, good selection, not gritty, varying opacity. Not artist quality, but you can definitely create some impressive pieces with these.

The water brush is cool, will definitely use it. Keep the little black plug it comes with, because it doesn't fit in the case when it is assembled. It's tricky to control the water flow, so have another brush set for anything requiring precision. For on the go, though, I love it."
My artist daughters love this very complete very small and mobile set of warercolors.
Good quality paint and great colors.
Good tem and fast delivery. Thanks
"Best portable watercolor set, not chalky at all! Works as well as my tubes in my opinion!"
this is my second 24 piece koi set and it fulfills everything you would want to do with a watercolor set.
I tried this out at an event where another participant was sharing his set. I was immediately intrigued. The brush with the water right inside is terrific. The range of colors is fantastic. The design of the tray is excellent. I bought it soon after and have used this on trips as well as when at home. It works very well and am delighted to have learned about the product.
"I found the brush easy to use, and very nice quality."
"Compact, easy to care and use.  Bright, vibrant colors that are blendable.  A little goes a long way with this product.  I love this product and will definitely purchase it again in the future. Brought it on Amazon for about $20, other websites charge $25-28 plus shipping.  Of course, fast shipping through Amazon."
"Grainy pigments. Can't blend on the paper unless you throw a bucket of water on it. Even with my 600-recipe mixing reference I was unable to create a good basic Caucasian flesh-tone. And the brush leaks.

Did I mention the pigments are grainy? Horrible quality.

I never give junk quality art supplies to kids because that can turn them off art forever, so I threw this in the trash.

Consider Koh-i-noor's disc set. The paint in that is surprisingly good. Nice and creamyno sand. Cheaper, too."
thank you
"colors are true ,& love the size .The fact that it has it's own palette & self-contained water brushes, makes it a great choice for travel & convenient for everyday use."
Fits in an altoids travel palette as well as my Cotman plus palette. Dispenses water as you squeeze. Performs as advertised.
Would recommend it to anyone!
Wonderful vibrant colors and a great price. The brush itself is usually around 7 dollars so all in all a great set at a great price. Would definitely purchase again.
Great watercoloring kit. The brush is awesome and the colors are so vivid. Recommend to lots
I love this I can paint anywhere
"This purchase was a waste of money. It works BUT the plastic housing the ink is made of cheap plastic which bends and breaks easily when trying to unscrew, which definitely happened after ONE SHORT USE! Potential product but terrible design!"
nice buT iTs small
besT of waTer colors
"Pros:
- Vivid, nicely pigmented colors
- The water brush is decent. The amount of water that comes out on it's own is perfect, but may be too much for someone who likes to work with a drier brush. My favorite part is how the little black cap gives your the ability to carry it full of water and still have it fit in the case.
- The moveable palette is a really nice feature. Comes in really handy.
- The sponges for cleaning are genius. I didn't know about them until I got it. It was a pleasant surprise and pretty much removes the need to carry paper towels.

Cons:
- The paints are grainy. This is a ""you get what you pay for"" situation. I'd planned on buying the Koi watercolor tubes to refill, but know what after I've seen the quality of the paint. I'll probably go with Windsor and Newton now.
- In the picture, the plastic holding the paint appears to be nice and sturdy like in most paint palettes, but it's actually a very flimsy, disposable grade of plastic. Makes me wonder how it will hold up to refill and reuse.
- The water brush sometimes sucks paint into the water reservoir, causing color contamination.
- The ""small, sleek design that fits into shirt or jacket pockets"" is an absolute lie. Unless you're a giant with giant pockets.
-  Some of the color choices don't quite make sense. There are 4 greens and only one purple, and the one purple included is a rather warm purple. Also, the lemon yellow and aureoline hue are nearly identical. I would have also liked to have seen a more grassy colored green included.

Overall I'd say it's a good start for a student or someone who isn't looking to make professional-grade artwork, but if you're looking to get serious, don't have high hopes for the quality of this paint.

UPDATE: I really, really tried to like this set given the 5 star ratings from others, but the paints are so incredibly grainy and low quality that I could never recommend this set to someone, therefore I've bumped my rating down from 3 to 2."
Not professional quality but easy to travel. Worth it.packs well
This brush works fine but it is a little on the short side. I decided to give it a try when my Pentel water brush wore out. I still prefer the Pentel because it fits my hand better and the bristles point better.
"good little set for travel, or for just taking a projet outdoors at home(to work on uin the shade)--color are nice, pans can be re-filled with liquid pigment."
This set is a winner.
"So far I love this set. I carry it with my on my trips, and it couldn't be any better."
"One of the most expensive piece of plastic I have ever purchased, I felt like the price did not match the super cheap item (I mean it is really just a plastic tube, with some plastic brushes on the end).  However, it does work really well and it's innovation and usefulness are  fun.  I am really enjoying using it (it is neat to not dip your brush into a cup of water) and still recommend it.  Update....... I found I could get a set of 3 identical ""water tank brushes"" for less than the price of one on another site, I totally overpaid for this...."
"Okay,  I haven't used this product yet but I had to give it 4 stars for just the price. Every where the price was double. As soon as I use it I will give a review."
"You can't go wrong with these paints!  They are convenient and fun to use.  As and artist, I am occasionally caught pulling it out of my purse during church!  One Mom saw me in our Women's class (Relief Society) and asked me about it.  She ended up buying it for her 12 year old daughters birthday, and her daughter loves it too.  I will try to add a photo later of just what it can do.  I am pleased with the vibrancy and purity of colors.  While I do use my professional set of tube watercolor paint, I use these to make quick cards for friends and family- and I'm never ashamed, because the colors are still a wonderful quality!

I have seen these sell for as low as 16 dollars.  My favored price range.  But I have myself generally purchased it at around 24 dollars. Either way, it's still a worthy investment.  (And, if you have young children you need to get quiet during church, meeting, etc.. these are so easy to take out!)"
Super cute! Great colors and goes anywhere!
"I love this little kit. Everyone who has seen it asks where did I get it. The colors are vibrant, stick well to the paper and you have many options to start blending. It's size is very convenient and can go in any purse or bag without taking up much space. The brush is also very good. The water flows only when you press the container, so you have a good control of the water amount you'd like to use. It's easy to clean and quite sturdy. Only thing is I wouldn't use the cover as my paper holder, it doesn't stay upright and it just falls back to where it was. Other than that, this rocks my socks off <3"
"Great brush pen. Good control, never leaks, releases a good amount of water."
I purchased this set for a cruise that I went on and I am so happy with my choice. The colors are rich and creamy. I made my own watercolor book to take along and added an extra small brush to the kit and a small piece of sponge for blotting on my paper. I also carried a small mist bottle. It was a perfect way to while away my spare time both in the car and on the ship.
"I love water brushes. They make it possible to easily carry a watercolor kit for quick sketches and studies.

No leaks or blots from this brush, even when I fill it with India ink to do some brush calligraphy."
"I haven't tried this yet and im sure it'll be a good product, but im just dissapointed about the packaging. I got mine with some minor scratches on the case and with some red marks or paint or whatever, i don't even know what it is and it won't come off. I tried to look about returning it but it's so much work. There's nobody to contact about this problem. Just a little dissapointed i guess"
OK
This is truly an awesome water color brush.  It lays down the perfect amount of water every time.
My wife adores this product.  Other water color brushes of this nature lay down a ton of water.  We have found that the Sakura is the best at only laying down the amount of water you need for your work.
"I bought these for my wife and she absolutely loves this product.  She has tried several other water color brushes and has founf they all lay down way to much water.  The Sakura, uses the perfect amount of water."
I love this little kit! It's small enough to tuck into my purse and the quality of the paint is very nice. The little removable palette is a lovely touch and very functional. I use this with my moleskin notebook and am always prepared when inspiration strikes.
I love this little set!  The colors are rich and bright and it is just the perfect pocket size to take along. The little water brush fits inside the box and is so convenient for sketching on the run.
Great
Lovely set
My artist daughter loves these little travel watercolor brushes!  Easy to use and easy to clean.  Very handy.  She loves them!
"Love this little field paint set. Think the container could be a little more compact especially since it's meant to be a travel kit. As for paint, it's a good selection and size and the color saturation is good."
Great set!!!
Love these!!! Haven't used them yet but I'm excited to... Exactly what I was expecting. Thanks!!!
Perfect to travel with and use for my journaling.
"This works very well. I already have the 24 pan Koi Watercolor set and wanted another brush to add to the one included which has the 9 ml reservoir. I can fit both brushes in the set by removing one of the sponges on the side and putting in the 4 ml tank in that space. The 24 pan set came with the medium pointed brush and this is the large pointed brush. The brush tips are interchangeable with each other, so I can put the large tip on the large reservoir and the medium on the small reservoir."
"This is by far my favorite little watercolor set!! I never leave home without it since it and my sketchbook stay in my purse/backpack wherever I go. It's the most convenient set I have, so travel friendly and great quality! I love that the paints are vibrant and not at all chalky or powdery. It's really such a great deal for the price. I have much more expensive watercolors like windsor&newton and these actually rival the student versions of these paints. I would definately recommend this to any aspiring artist or hobbyist that just wants to bring some color to their work. ;)"
"I love this set! The water brush is the best thing ever. This is the first set of watercolors that I have ever bought, so if you're a beginner artist like myself, this is a great set to use. I wouldn't worry to much about not having enough colors, I've always been able to mix them well enough to get the color that I want."
I like to use this brush with watercolor pencils. I have used this type brush when sitting in waiting rooms.  No mess..
Nice water colors for a beginner like me.
I needed a watercolor set with vibrant colors at a low viscosity and this totally came through for me. The portability is another bonus that I didn't know I needed. I carry this set everywhere.
My daughter uses this kit for her projects in an elite art college. Very impressed with the quality.
"This is a good buy. Yes, it's also adorable. Place hold it all with a thumb ring that unfolds in bottom. Side tray pulls out for mixing. Brush makes the whole thing even better. Well thought out, adorable to my eyes and I love it. That said, would also make a nice gift."
great little water pen for ink and watercolors :] the tip is very durable since it has still a sharp point despite my scrubbing against the paper
"These Watercolors Are Absolutely Amazing! I Can't Even Describe These Amazing Colors! The Way The Colors Are Able To Mix, Amazing, Amazing! I Use This For Every One Of My Drawings! (Although I'm More Of A Colored Pencil Artist) The Pen That Comes With It Is Mind-Boggling Easy! If You Like Those Pens, Then Mind Heading Over To Pantel Arts Aquash Water Brushes. But, These Watercolors Are Amazing No Matter What Stage Of Watercolor Skills That You Own. I Would Definitely Buy Again.. Again.. And Again. :)"
Great kit. Love the package.
"I thought it was small at first, but the size is just enough. A slightly bigger pan would be great.  I add water to all the pigments, and my watercolor set still looks new after completing 6 paintings! I don't use much, haha."
Love them! Great little compact kit with gorgeous colors.
"Very nice portable watercolors.  The paints seem to be of good quality.  The water brush looses hairs, but other than that it's a nice addition to the set."
"While fine for craft projects and letting the kids play, the poor flow and slight grain to these paints means this kit is in the toy box, not my plein air kit."
GREAT BUY!
"The brush is so easy to clean and is easy to use, especially in small places"
"I bought this set 2 years ago and still absolutely love it. The colors have very rich pigments for watercolor and have been great to carry with me for drawing time in cafes and etc.

I normally use an additional piece of paper towel or napkin instead of the included sponges that are meant to clean the brush. Nice idea, but paper towel still works better."
"The set is a nice compact size, easy to travel with. my main complaint is that when the brush is put together, it is too big to fit back in the case."
"After a bit of usages and playing around, I'm happy to say that I am satisfied with this product!

I'm new to watercolors. When I first started I bought a cheap watercolor set. It made me realize that cheaper quality watercolors can become easily muddied only after mixing 2 colors.. but anyways, with this brand I can mix 3 colors (more like blend) and it looks very pretty after drying!

I paint sketches or doodles so the smaller cake-like colors in this pan are just fine. And they're pretty pigmented so you only need a little.
The water brush it comes with is really handy too. When you first open it, it comes in two pieces but you can easily assemble it. Sadly, it won't fit when put together, so it needs to be taken apart in order to fit. (doesn't bother me though, since I put my water brush pens in a separate pencil case)."
"I love these paint in the stray, it's easy to take anywhere outside that I want to go to go explore and paint very smooth Paint. I Love them ."
"Was hightly recommend, still have not been ale to use.  soon!"
Very nice! Thanks!
Not as good as I anticipated .
"I like the water brush, I wish they had bigger ones for washes!"
"I'm a fine artist and currently finishing my studies as an illustrator, I have worked with watercolors for a long time and for me having a small kit is great for reportage drawing and quick sketches and doodles to warm up and study places. My favorite thing to do with this kit is to go out to different places and draw what I see, the sakura kit is pretty handy for those moments and the colors and the material have a great quality, I would highly recommend this, plus the price is reasonable when it comes to a good watercolor kit, also the waterbrush is functional and amazing! Again I find it a pretty handy full set!"
perfect for travel and transport. Colors are vibrant and as good a quality as any other high-end watercolor set.
"be prepared, its small but wonderful"
"I was worried when I first received the set, it was much smaller than I had envisioned. However, it soon became very apparent that the quality of the little cakes are superb. Very pigmented, and extremely good selection of colors for such a compact set, I am very happy with my choice. It fits easily in my travel art bag, easy to open and close, I love it. And the water brush is really unbeatable. The bristles are very durable, and it's so convenient!! Excellent for the price, travel friendly, I only wish the cakes where a little bigger"
Best watercolor set I've ever used. The colors blend nicely and the compact casing of this set makes it convenient to carry around in my purse when I'm out. The brush design which stores water inside the brush is genius.
"A bit smaller than I expected, but that's simply my oversight. Regardless of size this will be an excellent addition to my tools, especially my travel kits. Much easier to use than a water container and set of brushes."
A wonderful compact field kit.  Love the choice of paint colors.  Closes up nicely and stores away.
exactly what I'd hoped it would be!
He had to use the for a art class  in school and home
"I love the color range and quality of these watercolors--the paints have a lovely rich feeling and depth. nearly every bit as nice as my tube watercolors. The container the kit comes in is extremely well designed and feels nice and sturdy. It's not a cheap set, but it certainly doesn't work like a a cheap set. I have used my share of those and this one is totally worth the $$ IMO.

The only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is that DUDE, THE BRUSH CANNOT BE ASSEMBLED. The two pieces refuse to thread together. I tried repeatedly and only succeeded in soaking the front of my shirt. Thank goodness it was only water. I have no idea what to do with the brush. I will probably toss it.

Luckily I purchased the Pentel Aquash water brushes at the same time--these are a dream and never having used one before, I found they work better than I imagined the would, with nice crisp points, and no hairs left behind on my paper. I highly recommend getting one to use with the set.

UPDATE REGARDING BRUSH: Hi there! I've just discovered--just--that the brush only connects if you screw it on the handle in the opposite direction as you would expect. I was showing my kid how it wouldn't connect and on a whim I turned it in the other direction. Voila! Anyway, haven't used it yet, still, I would pick up a couple of those Pentel Aquash brushes anyway. They're dynamite!"
Good lightweight palette.  I would like the paint holder to be made of sturdier plastic.  Disappointed in the thinness of it. Nice colors though.
"My wife loves these, she only wishes they held more water. :)"
"I really love this thing.

All of the colors are vibrant and lovely to use. The actual construction of the item is solid. The plastic is thick and does not seem like it will break easily if dropped or whatever. The pen is really nice, I was expected something maybe so-so but it is of the same quality of other water pens I own. The sponges on the sides are great, and the plastic palette is perfect. Its a great size for traveling and makes it really convenient to paint while not at the comfort of your usual work space.

Bottom line it is an awesome high quality, unique, and fun product for any level of watercolor painter."
The brush is frustrating and impossible to put together.
Great product! Speedy delivery!!
"great set.  cakes dissolve quickly, rich deep colors.  Water brush works well, need a little getting used to it.  Daughter loves it.  Think I'll get one for myself."
"This is a great little palette. I couldn't wait for it to arrive. I tried a sketch with it the same day that it arrived. Although I was disappointed with the sketching experience, due to my newness to the waterbrush and paints, as many others have, I saw the potential in this nifty little paintbox. The next day, I popped out the paint blocks and squeezed in my own tube paints. For the first time, I have organized my paints in a grid and now I have actually expanded my color vocabulary, using colors that I wouldn't normally have used had they not been laid out like that. Overall, I am quite happy with this product. I hope I will learn to use the waterbrush."
"awesome waterbrush, i love this product thanks"
Love it.
"Just as described. Quick ship. The kit is so compact, it is easy to take along when traveling. The brush is fun to use, and more versatile than you would think."
"Returning this because the water brush it came with did not work.  The brush water tank will not screw on but after I finally got it on, it won't come off.
I think this set is very expensive considering the size of the paint you get.  Very small pan."
"I had received this as a gift for my birthday from my art teacher, therefore I cannot comment on shipping quality!
However, the item was given to me in perfect condition. As I had been eyeing this product for a very long time, I was so excited. I had the intent to use this set during classes when I finish my work, and in the future while at college during breaks and the like!
So getting this was already putting a smile on my face. When I saw the inside however, I felt a little... Disappointed? The colors looked dull. The brush confused me just a little. It looked like it might be cheap.
However, as soon as I used it I changed my mind completely! It's amazing for a travel set, and the little ring finger holder under the tray is so perfect for when you don't have a desk to bear down on! I love the water brush, so convenient!! It's very durable too, and has a good grip.
Color Quality: Wonderful. The blues are bright and vibrant, the greens are rich and earthy, the reds are warm and all of the colors blend easily on palette, and on my papers. (I use a mixed media sketch book which tends to hold watercolors very well.)
Functionality: Wonderful. It's organized, everything the kit comes with tucks neatly away in a simple white box. The material seems durable enough, especially if you're only carrying it around via knapsack/tote. The only thing I didn't take into mind was the fact that the colors inside the set (on the mixing palette) will run even if you shut it. (However this is something I should have expected, silly me.) This can be solved simply by wiping off excess water with a small napkin, which I would assume you carry with your art supplies anyways.
Wear: I feel like I can use this about 3-4 months before I completely use it up, and at the price, and all you get, it's really not that bad. The kit itself could be used for future paints if you'd choose to put more in, like an extra sketching kit to tote around... Just a thought.
Over all, I love it. It's wonderful and I know I'll get a lot of use out of this during my free hours. I recommend to anyone needing something handy to sketch with.

(I'll be testing for lightfastness soon, hopefully it lives up to my expectations!)"
First time using this and it is very likable! Addicting to use.
They are very vibrant colors and easy to work with! Love them!!
"Awesome little travel kit. The 12 colors are nice and varied and of good quality. I'm just getting into watercolor but from what I can tell, this kit is DA BOMB. The brush was a bit small for me so I went ahead and bought the larger brush size at an art store near me. However, it wouldn't fit in the case so I had to take out the thin plastic tray for the colors and 3D print a new one to fit inside so that the new big brush could fit. Now I got everything all snug. Woot!"
"small paint pods, but great paint. I will buy tubes to replace as certain colors run out."
"I love this set of watercolors, it has really great colors and very nice quality.  I bought another one for my niece and we both love it!  It's so compact and convenient, you can take it anywhere and has everything you need."
"Beautiful colors in a small container I could easily throw in a bag and go. I have my own water brushes so I haven't cracked this one open yet, but I love that it comes with one! The palettes are ridiculously useful for mixing colors and watering them down."
I love this set.  It's small enough for me to take to my Art Group once a month.  It's small enough I can take on vacation too.
Nice paint but too small.  It makes a mess just by picking up color.
Great little kit!  I love the brush that came with this set. It slowly lets water through from the handle which you can control by lightly squeezing the handle.  The colors of the paint are really vivid and has a great pigment.  These sets would be great for kids since you fill the brush with water and there's no need for a water cup!
It was really good. I brought it for my friend so the commend come a little late.
"Great watercolour for travel color can be very muted or saturated. Paint quality is high.
Perfect for travel. I carry a paint brush, spray bottle and plastic water bottle to rinse brush. Love this little kit."
"Nice little water color kit.  Comes with paint, resealable water brush so you can travel with your water pen filled with water and not have to worry about a leak.  The mixing tray comes in very handy.  It's compact and the price was really great for what is included.  Colors are rich and mix easily.  Overall very pleased with my purchase and it's performance."
Awesome kit! I take it everywhere.
This are life
Smooth flow paint.  Nice colors and set up is nice.  A lot of colors in a small space.  Nice tray also.
"For the price this watercolor set can't be beat. I love the colors which are vivid, I mean they're are not Holbein, Sennelier or Graham but I do prefer these over W&N especially for the price. Koi watercolor tubes are great for people who aren't looking for an investment or just want a cheap in conjunction with a better set of paints. I myself also use the paints I've mentioned above. I've been using them since I was in art school in 1991. They're made by makers of the Micron pen, Sakura."
Awesome Brush!
"Water lasts quite a while and the bristles hold shape very nicely. My medium size brush produces a nice variety of lines. I am loving this travel brush. No leaking, and it was easy enough to adjust from a regular brush to a self moistening brush. Perfect for my travel journal! It fits nicely in my 12 color Schmincke travel tin."
Love this little watercolor kit.  The colors are brighter that other kits I have tried.  I am very happy with this one and am using it with a smile.
Great travel kit for beginners.
"Its super cool. Light & compact. Colors are great. They looked kinda dry & a bit cracked here & there, but they blended real well. Theres one color that may be a dark grey but looks black to me, but we can always work around that. Perfect price! You won't regret it. Find some 4x6 watercolor postcards & ur set to go"
Beautiful colors and nice transparency and flow. I'm really enjoying using this set for journaling.
Great little set  lovely colors. Lots of pigment so doesn't take much. Love the water brush fits in case. Only need some paper and ready to go. Favorite now. Highly recommended
"Just what we expected, awesome."
"Great size for travel, and nice quality watercolors."
I always wanted to get this set! .. The water brush is amazing.
Arrived quickly and as described. Great value! Thanks!
Nice little set and easy to use
This is a great way to have your paints ready to hand. Neat and tidy packaging.
"It is easy to bring this with me everywhere. The design is so compact. The range of colors is good, and the quality of the paint and brush is great! I would recommend this to anyone who wants to paint on the go, but doesn't want to carry a ton of stuff. I would like to note that this is for quick and simple paintings, would not recommend this for someone who wants to paint something grand. You would need to bring other supplies if you plan to paint something super detailed /grand."
Love the compact size and awesome quality paints
"Use it for blending, just wish the brush tip was a little less flexible."
Wife and kids seem to really enjoy them.
A wonderful tool for my watercolor painting.
I am an art teacher and have found these sets to be the best quality portable watercolor set for an affordable price for my high school students. The colors are vibrant and the travel brush is wonderful for art journal painting.  My students love this product for its affordability and transportability.
Nice little kit and easy to use.
"I received this watercolor set 3 days ago and I have used it every evening! It is small and compact, but it has what I need inside! 24 colors of good quality watercolor cakes of vibrant colors and an aquabrush. There are 2 sponges and the palette has several sections on it that can be attached on either side of the watercolors themselves. I put Teflon tape on the legs to assure a tight fit because the palette would wobble. Just 3 - 4 turns of the white Teflon tape around the legs made them tight enough to stay put but not so tight that it wouldn't come off.
My advice is this, when opening your watercolors for the 1st time, your aqua brush will be in 2 pieces. The water reservoir has a small black stopper in it, KEEP THE STOPPER if you want to travel with the brush and water.
Make sure you rinse both the reservoir and the brush of the aqua brush before use. Fill the reservoir up with water and stopper it. Place it back in its spot next to the brush top and you are set to go out and capture the world (although I do take an extra water bottle with me). The aqua brush is completely replaceable with a different nub number if you wish. Amazon sells them.
Inside, where I have unlimited water, I use watercolor brushes and the aqua brush dry and just dip it into a bit of water and then onto the cakes of color.
I am so glad I broke down and bought that set (and the small tabletop easel, but it hasn't come in yet)
A great bonus for this set is the lid serves as an easel for post card size watercolor sheets. I use Strathmore 140 lb."
"I bought this for my brother, who is new to water colors but likes drawing and whatnot. He says he likes the pen and I see him using this a lot. His paintings look cool so 5 stars."
Very delicated product. Super portable. I love it!
"Nice colors, highly reccomend."
"The quality of this set and specifically the paints is so nice.  The colors are rich, blend beautifully, nice opacity and impressive variety of shades.  When looking at the size of the palette and the pans, they seem small, but you use so little that it will last for quite some time.  I plan on buying a few for my office for Art Therapy as well as Play Therapy.  And you can't beat the price."
I bought this pen for fondant work and it is amazing it is easy to use and shipping is super fast. :)
it's beauty it's grace
"amazing!!! i love love love this set and especially the brush.  i like doing sketches primarily with water color (not serious detailed paintings) so i don't want or need multiple brushes.  this brush is really all i need, and the fact that it has the water in the tube is truly magical.  i hate dipping and redipping my brush and this is like a brush and a marker all in one.  love the whole design of this little set too.  nice variety of colors.  cleans up easily too.  i'll be loving and using this for a long time."
I would buy this again.
"I love this set and I highly recommend to every artist wanting to experience water colors in general. In a way, it teaches you how to use brushes and the brush itself is perfect. The water colors are smooth and not cloudy and don't rid line-art!"
"These watercolors surpass any I've ever owned in quality!  Quick activation with water, deep colors, almost creamy!  The size is perfect for storage and portability!"
Rich colors Love the size and the brush is a definite bonus  :D
"Love them,  compact quality you can take anywhere,  wish I'd discovered these years ago"
Very nice set of colors. Bright and easy to manipulate. Excellent value.
"My daughter just love this water color which won't dry up , can last long :) and very neatly pack :)
Amazon delivers this product promptly and they packed it very well ... Thumbs up Amazon"
Good water brush
Love these !!!!
This is a nice little group of traveling water colors with a water brush included.  I will enjoy using them.
Great set for travel. Colors are vivid. Trays are very useful for mixing.
I love this great little paint box! The colors are perfect and the small container is so convenient! Perfect for taking on trips or when you are on the go.
I had been wanting a little water paint set for a while now as had been looking at beautiful art done using water color. This set and the pigments are very good and its also good for traveling and putting in your backpack. Also the brush is good as you can fill it with water and it comes with a cap too. However having a good set is not going to turn you into a great artist as I found it rather difficult to get the beautiful drippy effect and blend the colors nicely.
I LOVE THIS! It's so compact and the colors are awesome.
These are better than my expectations. Great for travel.
Hella nice
"Well, I purchased this as an alternate to my Niji water brush that I have used for a few years and love. I thought I'd try a different brand. As yet I haven't tried it and I admittedly went with the Sakura brand name given that I use the Micron pens in my art and they have always worked well for me. Out of the package it appears kind of cheaply made and it's rather small, in my opinion. I understand that it is supposed to be a ""travel"" brush but so is my Niji which is significantly longer and better made.

Pros: I suppose it's as advertised. I haven't tried it out yet and am not currently able to.

Cons: Top is reverse threaded. States ""do not lose black cap"", which is small and (in my opinion) unnecessary anyway, but there's really no place to keep it. The cap is supposedly for separating the two halves for travel, so that the tank doesn't leak. It just feels poorly made and the cap that's supposed to go on the back of the brush for added length (I guess? Still shorter than my Niji by a lot) doesn't seem to attach all that firmly.

I probably wouldn't purchase this again but I will keep it and try it out. I suspect I'll be more happy with the Niji I own and have used for watercolor for a few years now. I'll also probably buy another Niji next time."
"Very good for traveling
I used it for watercolor pencils too"
"I Love this kit , I ordered it on standard shipping and it came fast"
"This set is tiny. In the description the long dimension says 8"" when it is actually 6""; each pan is about 0.5"" in length; with almost no space between colors I imagine paint will run and make a big mess. The colors look mixed and some of them look pale like they are mixed with white. Returning."
Vibrant colors and great quality as well as great variety. It is excellent for traveling as it is compact and it has a finger holder so you can use it while standing.
"As someone basically new to watercolors, this set is awesome! I couldn't believe how pigmented the colors were! It's a great size as I have a lot of variation and can just toss it in my bag and tote it along to where ever I'm going. the plastic is sturdy but I'd be a little worried to sit on it or throw it 20 feet onto concrete as it would probably crack. The finger ring on the back doesn't seem to be really useful to me as I'm a lady with smaller hands but it doesn't get in the way so no problem there. I watched the price on here for a while before I purchased and it usually wavers between 19-25 bucks so if it's going for under 20 snap it up!"
this is my second Koi Watercolor set and I just couldn't pass up the Christmas deal on it.  It is the best travel kit of watercolors I have ever used.
"Gorgeous, vibrant colors!  LOVE THESE!"
My grandaughter loved the new watercolor set.
Perfect travel paints or even for small art projects at your desk.
"I recently started growing a interest in watercolor painting and I read so many reviews on a affordable travel palette to start my journey. I had some indecision fever and had a hard time picking one from the a list I had narrowed down. Finally, I became so inpatient that I drove down to a local craft store (hobby lobby) to see if they had one from my list because I just wanted to get started.

The retail price for the 24 piece palette was quite high in store but I was able to use a coupon. Even so, the price here is better. Why did I choose this one? Well the reviews were fantastic and the removable palette seemed handy. You could remove it completely and put it off to the side or place it to the right or left (see picture). I love this feature. The colors were described as pigmented and I would agree with that. The pan needs just a little water to be able to lift the color. And I've been able to mix colors no problem. In my picture you'll see some dark color mixed on my palette. This is a mixture of utlramarine, Crimson lake, and yellow ochre. I use this mix to get a perfect shadow color (as seen on the lemon picture).

The palette itself its a fairly study plastic palette. It does stain over time but that is to be expected with any plastic palette. The sides of the palette have little strips of yellow foam that can be used to wipe off the brush. I find these to just be ok. I prefer to carry a small cloth or napkin with me instead. And it is possible to store the included water pen inside the palette if you keep the little black stopper (seen in the open palette photo) to hold the water in the tube. Unless of course your destination has a water source or you carry water with you. And the included water brush? I have been fairly impressed. The brush hold water with next to no leaking. I would say that it is about a medium water brush so it might be useful to pick up a small brush was well for detail work. My brush has taken a lot of abuse as I lost the cap during my travels but the brush still works great. I used it (along with a smaller waterbrush) on the lemon painting.

For what this palette is, I am extremely impressed. Sakura designed a highly functional and portable palette with fantastic watercolors for a great price. I made the right choice for my starter palette. I will say that in the future I plan to invest in a palette that have removable paint pans. This will allow more customization and allow me to use the palette for years to come. The only downfall of this palette is that once the pans on my most used colors are empty, I will either attempt to fill with tube paint or have to buy a new palette altogether. Given that this palette is so affordable, I certainly wouldn't be opposed to buying a new palette, but it would seem pretty wasteful."
"I love the quality of the pigments. The paints are dense, and after only one use, I can tell that they will last me a while. The compact case makes it easy to take these colors with me in the field."
"It is an awesome tool! I never stop using it on my water color and distress ink projects. The water container lasts a lot of uses and you only have to squeeze a little to obtain the amount of liquid desired. You just have to be careful when turning from color to color because if you don't clean it well you could have a little bit of it inside the brush part. Not big deal, with little practice you learn a few trics; for example: never press and loose with the brush tip on the color to avoid it absorve it."
Very satisfied
Very nice paints!  I am pleased with them!!!
My favorite thing to carry with me.
appears to be well made but have yet to test it out.
Purchased this for a gift for my over-the-top artistic daughter. She loves it. It is well made and makes rich paintings.
"I returned this product as soon as I opened it. I thought it would add to my watercolor supplies; but was disappointed. When they describe mini-colors, they mean mini. Not even 1/2 pans. I decided I could better spend that same money on a set of  ""Pentel Arts Aquash Water Brushes""."
I've always struggled with watercolors. This set makes it easy! The water chamber in the brush really makes a difference.
"I ordered this for myself, but my daughter loved it so much I gave it to her and ordered myself another.  The colors are very bright and reasonably transparent.  The case is adorable and I love the mixing tray that can be attached on the bottom or side.  The waterbrush is nice too."
"Are these the best watercolor paints I've ever used? No.

Are they really quite fantastic for a set that comes with a really nice little case AND a nice waterpen? YES!

I find that the reds are a little similar for my tastes and there are a couple of colors that would have been nice, but once again, this is a budget set. If you set your expectations accordingly, you will be very pleased.
There's a nice little mixing tray and the whole case has a pop up ring on the underside for holding on one hand. How cool is that?

It's all about scale with this set. If it was $50, I would be rather disappointed. But for under $20, it's a STEAL. These would be great if you're just looking to play around, or are just getting started.

They're a three and a half star set, bumped up to a five by the utter value.

Bravo to Sakura for getting some nice art supplies into people's hands at an affordable price!"
Such a great little brush :)
"This kit is really cute and simple, I'd recommend it for anyone just starting with watercolors. The price isn't bad, and the quality of the pans is really nice. The only problem I have is the board that contains the pans. It is extremely flimsy, you definitely do not want to consider this palette as something reusable. The pans are very small, I've only painted about 4 pieces, but i can tell this won't last for years if you're an active watercolor artist. Still, for the price it's a really good place to start. After you've gained more experienced and joy from playing with watercolors, you'll definitely be on the lookout for better palettes."
This is the best I have used yet...
Love these. Fantastic little set. Glad I bought it.  Nice saturation of colors on water color paper.
A great gift for artists
As an artist I wouldn't use anything else for my watercolors. Now I get them for my little granddaughters. Talk about mess-free!
"So easy to use, and I can even keep a couple of small sheets in the lid. The colors are crisp and clean, not muddy. And they layer well with good coverage. I can take paints with me all the time. The thumb holder is a little hard, but I don't need to use it much so it's okay."
Great
Very vibrant colors and easy to work with.
This had missing lid . very clumsy! not what they described. So much money for such cheap product.
"Nice, light design, but leaks quite a bit.

One of the biggest annoyances I have with this brush is that it is reversed to tighten/loosen the brush from the reservoir. the barrel is circular, and doesnt prevent the brush from rolling.

I am considering the pentel version instead. Hope to have better luck with that."
"perfect portable watercolour set I suggest looking to this website for a good review, and how to use it. It is where I learned of the set.
http://www.stutler.cc/other/sketchbook/sakura_koi_24.html"
Super fast service AAA +
I LOVE my paints!! No regrets!!!
Great product and service!
Fantastic
great as advertised easy to use...portable
Amazing product.
awesome
"I have owned my set for several years and love it so much that I bought this as a Christmas gift for my niece who is new to making art.  I believe that in order to do anything right, you need the best tools that you can afford to do the job.  This is the best little
 set of watercolors and it comes with a water brush too!!!"
Love these.
i like this compact water color kit.. although the pen goes with it doesn't work very well. i have to order new Sakura brush separately.
It was a gift. Either they liked it or they were good at pretending.
"My favorite (so far) water brush. No leaks, good brush quality."
Works very well
Great love this set
"Very convenient, I like it a lot!"
"I keep this small watercolor kit with me in my small backpack or travel jacket if I'm going out of town for a day or two or just as a matter of course. With this and a pack of watercolor postcards, I can sketch while at the library, waiting at the doctor's office or while having a cup of coffee at Starbuck's or other coffee shop. Versatile, fun, simple and has all the essential colors. I do keep it in a Ziploc bag, in case the paints are still wet and I have to put it away quickly, just so it doesn't leak in my pocket or backpack. I store the postcards in the bag, too, as well as a folded paper towel."
"I love this little set that packs in 12 colors, a sponge and a full-size water brush in it's little package. I
I thought I would have had to find a case for the brush, but it comes in two parts and is easy to assemble and refill. the colors are quality and are vibrant. It's just my own thing learning how much water and pressure to apply to the waterbrush.
Overrall, it's a great little set especially with the waterbrush."
Perfect for traveling with. I take it with me everywhere
"The brush was very handy for home or travel, but seems to be blocked and I can't get it cleared....
so have to dip it like any other WC brush."
"I have just started doing water color art, painting in general, but I love this palette. The water brush is my favorite part."
"very bright color that makes me feel happy, the number of color is enough for a beginner like me, especially there is a perfect color for drawing the human skin. recommend!"
"I got mine at a big name craft store with a 50 percent off coupon so it was even cheaper than this, but this price is worth it as well considering all you get. I just recently got the Winsor Newton Compact 14 pan http://www.amazon.com/dp/B00NO2YT0I?psc=1 again not from amazon and with a coupon, thinking the quality paint would be better but I keep reaching for this Sakura palette. I really love to colors a lot more.  Great product, love the removable palette and all the space for mixing colors and the water brush you get with it. Great design, highly recommend.

Update 6/9/16 - This was very well loved and I still recommend this palette for beginners. However, after  getting a taste of using artist grade watercolor pigments it became very apparent that these colors are a bit on the chalky side and not as translucent, a bit more like gouache. But it's still a solid buy and great for travel. I do love the design of this box and wish I could find an empty one like this that I could put pans into. I will most likely squeeze my artists grade paints into this once the wells are empty."
wonderfully designed and made...great gift. I highly recommend this painting set.
"Good quality, nice and compact to travel with"
"I essentially bought this for my advanced drawing class, but this is a really wonderful watercolor set for on the go! Fits perfectly in my bag whenever I need it for class. What I love is that there's a lot more color variety than just the generic few colors in a single tray, and the brush that comes with it is so awesome. The brush is a medium-ish size though, so I also bought a smaller one to go with it. This set would be a great gift too! Very convenient for traveling."
I love mine.
I feel like I would be repeating what everybody else is saying but this little kit is fantastic. I always carry it in my bag and it was a worthy travel companion.
great tool
"I got this today and I couldn't wait to play with it.  I love that it's portable, compact and has 24 colors on the palette.  I love that the mixing try can be positioned in 3 different ways (left, right, below the tray...BRILLIANT!) and it has a finger ring tucked underneath for those who want to hold it like an artist's palette.  I purchased this with watercolor postcards and it has just opened up a whole new way for me to share my artwork.  I'm a beginner so this field sketch box is just perfect for me. This is the cheapest I have found this item (other sites carry it for $10 more).  If there was one thing I could find fault with this item it would be that the colors aren't refillable.  I'm sure I have a long way to go before I even have to think about that and it's not going to change my 5-star review."
This is the perfect product for the art I am working on.
My go to watercolour set - it beats all other brand names!
The colors are really vibrant - you'll have to really hone your skills to get the perfect pigment on paper. Definitely a LOT different than Winsor and Newton's watercolor. I don't really use the waterbrush that's included because it's not that great. I would say this is the perfect size palette for painting outdoors.
AWESOME quality and hues!
"this set is fantastic, the set has great colors, and is great to take on the go!"
This is a wonderful watercolor travel set. It has all the necessary colors and they are great quality. The removable palette is very convenient. I am very happy with mu purchase.
"Love the vibrancy of the colors, the small size is super convenient and the water brush is just plain genius."
Well constructed. I brought it with me on a trip and it performed great! Didn't try water brush yet though...beautiful colors!
I like!
This works really well! The brush provides a pretty continuous amount of water. Easier to use than most traditional brushes and it doesn't shed bristles or leak. A small painting took about 1/3 of the water reservoir so I would consider that if you are travelling with these. I haven't used other aqua brushes so I don't know how it compares to the rest but I am happy with this one for now.
Water brush works well but I find the short length a little awkward to hold.  I'm keeping this for travel when I really want to save space but for everyday use I prefer a more standard sized pen.
"What a great little set! Creamy consistency, bright colors and affordable. Great for non-professionals, no need to splurge on expensive sets, this will do the trick."
ty
"This is the first watercolor set I buy and I think the colors are great! I like that the colors are bright, but can be dark. The brush is nice and thin, but can also be used to fill in large areas."
"great pigment! love the presentation and the water brush. very good product, recommend it"
Great
"I use this kit with my moleskine journals. The included water brush is great and I love that it comes apart and fits in the kit. I had never used one before I bought this kit and was surprised how useful it is-- cleans up with a couple squeezes, so you don't need and extra pot of water. There are two yellow sponges on either side of the paint tray, which are useful if you don't have a towel to blot your brush. The pigments are bright and the paints mix well. Some colors are a little redundant, but they vary in opacity and can be used for different effects. The white paint  is not opaque enough to be useful, so consider replacing with gouache. The clasp is a little loose so I recommend carrying in a kit bag or using a rubber band in case you drop it."
"I love to paint with watercolors, however whenever I go on vacation it's a hassle to get all my stuff together. But with this case it has everything I need at fits perfectly into my luggage. The colors are very bright and the pen paintbrush was very nice quality. These do not run out fast because the colors are very pigmented so not alot needs to be used when painting."
"Purchased for a friend who bought one and needed another.  This is her favorite sketch kit.  She sketches daily and has just completed her second book.  She says the colors are rich and concentrated, and the kit is so portable."
"Great kit!
The more I fuss around with this kit the more I am impressed.  The colors are vivid.  The design of the box is solid and wonderful.  The removable pan palette  can hang left, right or front while you paint and can be used as a template to cut 4x6-inch postcard-size pieces of watercolor paper that can fit in the lid while you paint.  The waterbrush can be used to carry water along.

You may want to order a pad or three of Strathmore 4x6"" watercolor postcards with this."
"This is a fantastic water brush! Quite fun to use and makes watercolor easy. I like how much water it puts out, just enough to continuously lay down color but not so much that it bleeds anywhere. Instead if the brush running out of water just the color does so it blends quite well and doesn't leave choppy spots like when you run low on water with a traditional brush. Though be aware when mixing colors with it that all the pigment in the brush is mixed as well, if you aren't careful you might get a solid streak where you don't want it."
"Great palette selection. Love the colors and how well they blend. Great size - not too small, not too big."
Great for painting out in the field.
"I really like this little travelling kit for watercolors. It's a nice size and the brush works quite well. I did have a slight difficulty getting the brush to open, as it turns the opposite direction you would expect. (Maybe I'm a little slow on figuring out these things, but I was frustrated until I figured it out.) Personally I prefer the watercolor pans in my Winston-Newton set, as these don't seem quite as transparent, but they are adequate. I wouldn't use them on a day to day basis, but they are wonderful to use in my watercolor journal when I am not at home. I like it enough that I bought several sets to give as gifts for my friends who paint."
The colors are beautiful very good quality water color!
present for my wife. she loves to take it on road trips.
"These watercolours are very vibrant and create lovely colours when you mix them. I don't have any complaints about any Sakura products I've used thus far and it's an added bonus that these watercolours are so affordable for the quality. I've been using these since May of this year and still enjoying them! If you're looking for a decently priced, nicely pigmented set of watercolours with good transparency, then look no further. :)

Edit: A year later I will say I have made SO many wonderful paintings with the Koi Watercolours and I don't regret buying/using them.. I learned alot by using affordable watercolours to experiment with. I have now moved on to Holbein, but I will attach paintings I did with these paints to show you their potential!! I will either keep my leftover paint as back-up or give them to someone who is interested in getting started in painting with Watercolours. I highly recommend this brand. :)"
good
"The colours aren't as pigmented as expected, but it's very smooth on paper, and has a large range of colours to choose from, very handy when it comes to travelling. i can also fit extra bits of tools and small brush heads that i need in the box, so overall i am liking this product."
Product arrived on time & as described
"I am remarkably impressed with this watercolor set. Usually I am not fond of cakes and pans for watercolor. I definitely have a preference for tubes. However, this set might just have changed my mind on that. The colors included are all wonderfully vibrant, there's a great variety, and they are easy to mix. Some people use these for small paintings on-the-go -- and I have done so as well, but I also used them to render several full-size (9x12-18x24) paintings. Like all pans, they have a slightly chalky finish to them when they are applied. The waterbrush, sponges, and palette included all help to make this an absolutely wonderful product. I just wish that the company would produce and sell individual color replacements, as Winsor & Newton does, but because they don't, I will not mind at all buying an entirely new set when my colors run out."
"Great for traveling, so much better than I expected. I use in my art journals when I don't want to drag all my watercolor stuff out."
"Great watercolor! Creamy consistency, intense color. Love the travel kit...has gone with me several times already."
Beautiful bright water colors.  They were exactly what I was looking for.
"Fast shipping , nothing broken or damaged or missing parts.
These are decent water color paints. Obviously not professional but very decent quality. I would buy this again for travel.
Colors are very nice, great pigments."
Great portability for outdoor studio purposes.  Fits in my purse or backpack easily.  Nice selection of colors. I'm enjoying it.
"This pretty cool. The brush holds the water so you do not need a container of water. Now you do need a paper towel or something to clean the brush off with, but it is very easy to do that. I also loved all the colors that came in the set. So many bright colors to paint with!"
It is a well designed case. It is portable! I like it very much
"The water brush does comes disassembled but does not fit together;  I have other water brushes so I do know how to put it together.  Otherwise OK.  Nice color palette, handy size and a nice little mixing palette.  If the water brush worked it would be a nice little traveling artist tool."
"The best watercolours I have used. Well worth the money, the colours are vibrant without drying as chalky. I found some of my Dads that were over 20 years old, same brand, and they gave me wonderful, rich colours. So I bought a set of these and am so happy with them. Watercolours make me happy. I bought a set from amazon that was an add on (not this product) and was disappointed by how chalky they were. That is not not the case with these. Sakura makes quality art products."
"Really like how compact it is, the price was great and the enclosed water rush is a definite plus. Shipping was really fast too."
"This has a left hand thread. The only other things that I know of with a left had thread are light bulbs and the bottom of blenders. I felt it would wear out the plastic quickly by trying to open it the normal way (right hand thread). Also the water tank was much smaller than my Pentel and hard to squeeze. On a positive side, there is a cap for the water tank, but it pops on rather than screws on. I have owned my Pentel for a while as a gift through Amazon and would buy another. This one does come apart for storage or travel, but I feel this is over kill as it is so small anyway. The Pentel also has a secure cap like this one which works fine for travel."
"Perfect little set for experimenting with limited palettes without investing a small fortune.  From a 2 color (Ultramarine/Burnt Umber) to an Old Masters (Yellow Ochre, Light Red, Payne's Gray) to a delicate floral triad (Aurolien, Quid Rose, and Cobalt), I have found dozens of basic and artist recommended palettes represented in these 24 colors.  Brush works well, paints are decent student quality.  Palette performs well in field and studio, but works best for smaller work and sketching.."
bright and strong color!  Love these...
i lvoe these paints so much
"I am very happy with the wide range of colors in a very small palette.
But I don't recommend this for large washes of colors or backgrounds since using a large brush will inevitably pick up neighboring paint cakes. But for detail and sketch work, this is probably the best set ever. Great for traveling too as it shuts close into a flat sleek white rectangular prism."
I like the travel box and paint brush but if you are a watercolor artist the paint really lacks good pigment in colors.
"Love it, good bright colors.  I am ordering two more for Xmas gifts. Great for traveling.  Will be taking it on a road trip in France soon."
GREAT GREAT GREAT CONDITION! fresh neat and easy to use while on the go <3 i love water colors
This is a very nice set and fun to play with. It is perfect for nature and urban sketching. I like the colors which are pretty and vibrant.
"The koi water color set is perfectly portable, convenient with the water brush.  I bought them while on vacation because I forgot my regular paints.  I even painted several pictures with them.  I like the colors as well."
Nice little box for travel.  I'm new at water colors but I think the color is good.
Excellent product.  Good value.
"I am nowhere near being an artist, and to be honest, I only purchased this set for the brush. I had no idea you could buy the brush itself. However, I am extremely happy I ended up with the paints as well. They leave something to be desired as the paints in the set look dull. BUT THEY""RE NOT. They are bright and vibrant and beautiful. I absolutely love them."
Really convenient if you use the water color pencils.
"Great product for the price. Love the extra mixing space. Also, for the price, the paints are actually really great quality! I had never used the water pen either and I love it! Planning on getting a smaller tipped one. I'd highly suggest getting this palette. Not just for on the go work, but the paint is good enough quality that it can be used on other projects as well! Can't say enough good things about it."
"Really convenient to carry around, I am a watercolor beginner and I think this set is perfect to figure out if I like watercolors. And it fits into my bag and can be carried around."
I love it!...just the right size for me to carry in my travel pallet.
"It's nice for beginners, affordable price and small to carry around, came with one brush, and one sponge I like it and it's doing the job.
Colours have grainy texture but, and the white colour is really impressive."
"I give a four star only because the colors, which are nice & bright, are not true professional quality (such as Winsor Newton), but the price is much better too. Good quality for students or especially for kids or painting for fun. I find Sakura products are always nice."
"I got this for my 12 year old daughter, who has an artistic bent.  She has used it a few times and really likes it.  It is cleverly designed such that everything is kept neat and compact.  I would buy it again."
Neat little field sketch set with removable tray that can fit on either side of the pallet. Very sturdily built and the colors are gorgeous. It cheers me up to use it!
A great set with beautiful colours! I love this!
"The colors are so delightfully vibrant! Not sure why people are complaining so much about the blue tones, I don't have a problem with them at all. These are perfect for the 30 paintings I have lined up for the next several months. Good price, arrived within two days of ordering. Definitely suits me wonderfully!

My only criticism is that the carmine is the only red in there... and I needed a crimson. And the purple comes out as more of a magenta. Not too big of a problem, because I just went and bought a tube of the alizarin crimson I needed, from the craft store I work at, and I can always just mix the desired purple.

I would (and most likely will) definitely buy these again!"
Nice vibrant colors.
"It is the coolest watercolor set ever! It is easy to take with me when I am out doing sketching, etc. The colors are VERY nice as well!"
"I have it so that when I am out sketching, I have a portable way to use my watercolors in my sketchbook."
"Really enjoy this product. It fits nicely in my backpack purse next to my 5x8"" sketchbook. Item is thoughtfully packaged in layers to be completely compact, the water pen is the high quality kind with the little sponge inside to keep you from getting huge drips of water on your project too. The colours are vibrant, or subtle, depending on the look you want and the mixing tray is perfectly sized for several mixes of colour. Not show in the picture, there are also two yellow sponges on each side of the paint tray to clean your brush on. Would definitely purchase again, though I doubt I'll need to. Solidly made."
"Nice way to use watercolor pencils, the water is in the brush."
"Nice set,compact and self contained,and fairly strong colors. I LIKE the Payne's Grey!  Only drawback,it would be nice if Sakura used a little classier syntheti in their brush."
"Nice little kit,very compact and complete. It would be nice if the brush were made of sable instead of the rather rudimentary synthetic. At least a step up in SYNTHETIC would be nice!"
"I like it :)
I just got it today, although I am pretty disapointed because it was slightly used by someone and was said that it was new.
I could see watercolor stains around the box and the watercolors itself a bit used.
I wish they wouldn't have gave me the used one when I brought a new one.
But, it's still in pretty good shape"
"Good selection of color, the pans activate quickly, and color is smooth, not grainy.  Compact with a very convenient pallet tray."
"Easy to use on the go. Have to get used to turning the tip the opposite way to put the tip on the water container, but very good brush."
"Takes a little to break it in, but once you get it to it's best, it's amazing. Good for travelling. I love it!"
Fantastic to work with I love these brushes/pens. Loading the water into them is a bit odd at first. You need to pinch the pen body to create a vacuum. Place it in the water and then let go. It will automatically draw the water up into it then. When using these brush/pens the fibers can hold pigment. Make sure to clean the brush tip after use. They load water easily and reliably. I always look forward to working with them!!!!
Fantastic to work with I love these brushes/pens. Loading the water into them is a bit odd at first. You need to pinch the pen body to create a vacuum. Place it in the water and then let go. It will automatically draw the water up into it then. When using these brush/pens the fibers can hold pigment. Make sure to clean the brush tip after use. They load water easily and reliably. I always look forward to working with them!!!!
Fantastic to work with I love these brushes/pens. Loading the water into them is a bit odd at first. You need to pinch the pen body to create a vacuum. Place it in the water and then let go. It will automatically draw the water up into it then. When using these brush/pens the fibers can hold pigment. Make sure to clean the brush tip after use. They load water easily and reliably. I always look forward to working with them!!!!
"the colors are vivid and the design is sooooo convenient for drawing. Love the brush the most, it can meet any need in a watercolor work. I would totally buy another after I finish the current one."
as good as descrbed
"Good flow, easy to clean, and it never leaks.  Perfect."
"Nice, but surprosed it was so small, especially for a medium brush.  Would be nice if a little larger brush head for medium and larger water holding tank."
A+++++++!
Great range of colours and are beautiful in my art journal.
Beautiful color and easy to use.
"Great tool when using watercolor pencils,"
"I can see how this would be useful for watercolor pencils, but it's no help with cakes or dried paint from tubes. I also found the water flow almost impossible to control. It isn't my favorite water color brush, but it will do in a pinch."
"Love the fluidity of this paint. Also, Amazon outdid itself in the delivery."
"Beautiful colors, perfect travel kit."
"I have been using the Pentel water brushes for a bit now and really love them. But I am always willing to give something new a try. I am an urban sketcher and always have my pad and water colors handy, never know when inspiration or a scene will pop up in front of you. I purchased to brush, recieved and instantly was dissapointed. The water reserve/handle is very small and doesn't hold enough water. Also attaching the handle to the brush head can be a chore and once on the water flow is very lacking. Cannot re commend this product."
"When I got these, I looked on the box, in the box and in the contained to identify the colors. These colors are very dark, so I got my watercolor pad and made a swatch of each color. My watercolor pencils helped. The water brush is useless and a small brush is needed as the pans are so small. I began using these paints for practice i.e. trees, grassland and barns. A 3x5 pad is excellent for small scenes. These paints are not for children and mix well and hold to the paper. Working on a large project is useless as the paints are only for small projects, if you can devise a way to identify the colors. Happy painting"
"One of my favorite brands - Sukura - creates some amazingly bright watercolor paints.  I love them, personally.  I wouldn't say it's good for professional grade work.  But I use them for art journaling and they are amazing!  Super bright."
"These paints are great, I have only used them on Yupo Paper with wonderful results..."
"This is a wonderful on-the-go set of watercolors.  Well, they are just as good for stay at home too, but this set of quality watercolors is really compact.  Everything you need in one neat, efficient litte box.  And an aqua brush too!"
I love this thing!!!! It is the best watercolors I have ever got! The colors are brighter then they look and there is pink!!!!! Although the colors are small and if you will use them a lot it will probably last you 1or2 years but they are the best!!!!!!!!
I love this palette. The quality is great and it's so convenient. The paints are smooth and blend well. I've enjoyed using it for my watercolor journal. Will be trying other Sakura  products
"Lots of colors for a beginning painter of watercolors. I find I don't need all the extra stuff because I don't generally paint in nature - just take pictures and paint in the cool air conditioning....The colors do however saturate the paper so be careful applying them because if the color is too intense you can't remove it by washing and blotting once its down. Be sure to test on scrap paper if you're doing a wash or want to know the exact coloration you'll end up with. But otherwise, for the price, its a great beginner set."
"These are very gorgeous colors! They have a great consistency that makes it easy to blend, water down, or paint as is on canvases. I haven't tried them on paper yet but on canvas they show up very vivid and have lasted a long time. I HIGHLY recommended this set with the low price that they are."
"I love the color I can get with this set.  This is a great little watercolor set for someone on the go.  With the kit you get 24 vibrant colors, a water brush, a small palette and some sponges on the side.  You can even use the lid as a little easel.  So glad I found this set, it's just perfect."
Excellent for field painting and journaling.
"I like using this water brush because it has a very small tip that's great for turning my watercolor pencils, on my smallest drawn flower petals and leaves, into paint.  I only use it for my smallest flowers because when painting on my larger drawings, it releases too much water and my watercolor pencil paints don't look very good when a lot of water is applied. Therefore, I prefer using my paint brushes to turn the watercolors into paint, for my larger drawings, only."
"This Is An Interesting Concept...And Challange To Use....Kind Of Fun...Trying To Dispence JUST The Right Ammount Of Water...To Get The Paint To Flow The Way You're Looking For.  Make Sure To Let It Dry, Though...It's A Closed System....Can Get Milldew If Not Careful"
"The colors are beautiful and the pallet is compact and easy to use. The names of the colors are on the box.  I also purchased the
Pentalic Watercolor Field Book, 7-inch by 10-inch which opens flat and replaces the need for extra paper and boards.  Love this combo.  I also purchased this as a gift for a friend and she was very pleased."
Good size travel set with a detachable palette for mixing.  Good color variety and the paints moisten up easily and hold their color well unlike some sets that wash out too much.  Use it daily!
"Sweet little water color set. I like the palette color choices. I liked it so much, I also got the same brand, smaller set to take camping!"
I love this set of watercolors because it is so well designed.  The brush has a compartment within in for water and the little tray makes blending and cleaning so easy.
SUPER small but works well with the small details of course. Also it takes practice to get the water out of the brush without destroying your art.
"These sets are like no other.
Outstanding quality for painting for hobby or retail.
The fact that there are tubes make them last a bit longer as they can be sealed from air a bit better if you are careful.
The pigment is concentrated of course, so you can decide how much water to add, as water color denotes being entirely water
  soluble, so the dissolving and opaque to transparent extensive ranges are possible."
"The actual squares are much smaller than i thought they would be, but the color is so vibrant and goes such a long way, I'm all in.  I use them alllll the time when I do A2 cards using Tim Holtz distress watercolor paper."
"This is a really comfortable set whit enough space for making your mix, the brush is really useful, and i'll definitely buy it again"
"I love this thing so much. I can watercolor literally anywhere. On a plane, in front of the TV, in the car, on a bus, at work over lunch, anywhere! The colors are vibrant and beautifully true. The palette is compact but easy to hold and manipulate. They include a palette that hooks onto the palette once open! It's just perfect."
"I had a large, loved it and needed more sizes. So I came back for the small. Again, its a great brush for travel or just watercoloring in front of the TV."
"So your craft desk is upstairs and your TV is downstairs and you want to watch TV AND be creative...

Enter the water brush. Watercolor anywhere! These are such great quality, have a large water reserve and allow for lots of control over how much water squeezes out. The price is pretty awesome too."
"Plastic did not hold up...  Functionally it was fine.  The brush was okay, the feel was okay, etc.  But on trying to unscrew the barrel the second time, the plastic just didn't hold up."
This is just right for me. The sketch pad paper is of good quality and the paint colors are clear and true.
"Even though the paint is not the highest quality, its plenty good enough to paint with, so portable and so well-designed. Together with the brush that comes with it,  a 140 lb pad of watercolor paper, and a few paper towels and a small bottle of water, you are ready to go paint in the yard, in the woods, on the beach, or wherever you want to go.

I gave this 4 stars instead of 5 because I like the 24 color set better than this 18 color set. Price difference is minimal."
I used it to journal the trip.  It was portable and had space for mixing and the colours are great.
"Perfect size for urban/field sketching and painting - the colors are satisfyingly saturated, the water brush is an absolute marvel, and the 12 piece palette is perfect for preparing any natural color.  What's not to love?"
"I purchased this as a gift for a friend to use as a watercolor set when she goes camping.  The set looks very nice to me and comes with an interesting brush that has a water reservoir.  I rate it a 4 vs. 5 only because I have no feedback on the quality of the watercolor paints.  One of my other friends thought it was heavy for her extremely rugged mountain hiking, but a smaller set is also available."
"I love the assortment of colors in this little box, it's compact size with the mini easel in the lid is ""cute"". (if anyone knows which watercolor paper fits on it please tell me; for now I just cut up pieces of regular watercolor paper in the smaller size.)
What attracted me the most was the top reviews, and the waterbrush. I had never seen a waterbrush before.  It's a nice size to work with although at home I prefer the Pentel waterbrushes because the barrel part is thicker and easier to hold. I love this but do alternate it with my own made up kit.  I love the Koh-I-Nor color wheel as well and it is actually smaller to fit in my purse than this kit and less costly.  But being the Gemini I am, I couldn't choose between the two so alternate them. I'm also glad I got this in the 24 piece set because I know if I had gotten a smaller set I'd be wanting more color choices. This is a good set to use at home as well because sometimes I just don't feel like pulling out something larger.  It's all so compact I can keep it out on my desk and even paint on little surfaces while on the phone. (I use the paper coasters which I also use for zentangle.  Sometimes I just doodle with water color with this set; if I don't like it I throw it away.  If I do I put some sealant over it and use it as colorful little coaster."
I absolutely love this set. I love the fact that I can take this set with me to places and carry it in my backpack with little to no problems. Not only that but the colors are absolutely astounding! Highly recommend these watercolors.
"I love this little set for travel!  It has a great variety of colors, is small and lightweight and the brush is fun and easy to use."
"I'M Grateful for this wonderful set,  size is perfection color mixing values right on and I hope to free many friends from the smelly fatigue that lasts for days caused by many products.thanks"
"I love this set.  I have three of them.  I have two of the small (12 color) models, and one of the large (24 color) models.  The pens are excellent, the colors are vibrant, but can be refilled with better quality pigments as needed.  I travel with one everywhere I go.

The small sets will require more color mixing, and they don't have segregated mixing trays, so you'll need to keep your mixes under control.  Adding colors to sketches in a small sketchbook is the ideal use-case.

The larger models provide a separate segregated tray which is much easier for mixing and maintaining colors during work.

They each have their place.  I would purchase based on your size needs, and understand the limitations\trade-offs of the smaller sets.  I don't consider them negatives, just considerations."
"People who have seen me use this kit would often ask where I got it.  It's the one thing travel kit I carry around everywhere when I sketch as it is very compact. I've used this for several years and it's still going and the paint is still left (I did have to replace the brush as few times due to regular use). A great gift item, certainly."
I bought one for myself and I loved it so much that I bought two more to give to friends.
"This is the best portable watercolor set I've had.  The water pen is compact, effective and it hasn't leaked on me yet!"
"I love this product!  The colors are vibrant.  The travel kit is very easy to use.  When I go places and want to do a quick sketch, the watercolors are small enough to whip out and I can have a finished painting in about 15 minutes.
It has a water brush that you fill with water.  The brush comes in two pieces.  They screw together.  You fill the brush with water and it has a small stopper to keep the water from leaking.  When you are ready to paint.  Remove the stopper and screw the brush tip on.  It's that simple!  I can have fun painting wherever I go!"
"I am excited to get the opportunity to use this set.  I have been out of town and the weather was bad, so it was not the opportunity I wanted to try it.  Arrived on time and well worth the price."
Fantastic quality and color. I am in love with these water colors. I will continue to buy this brand in the future.
"I have been looking for a good watercolor set for myself as a beginner, and this set meet my request."
"I will never get anything else. I've had it for a while now and it's just fantastic.
Keep it clean and well maintained and you shouldn't have a problem."
"Love having the water right in the brush.  Works well and
will be perfect for travel, too.  Friends will be getting some, too."
"I bought this set to get started back into water-color after having used acrylics for years.  I have to say, for the price, I'm pretty impressed.  The paints are nice, and easy to work with.  A couple of minor items that prevented it from getting 5 stars, the brown tube in the set I bought had bad paint (the pigment had separated from the base), and I tend to prefer metal tubes that you can roll up over the plastic tubes, but for aspiring artists new to watercolor (or returning after a long hiatus) it's a good kit to get back into the artform with."
Very pleased with the product! It works really well and it's very convenient. Item exceeds expectations and came exactly how it's described.
"When I started using my travel watercolor set, I wanted to carry around with me a brush that was easy to maintain (meaning, me not having to bring a small water cup to clean). Then I found this little gem and I couldn't be happier.

The size of it is pretty convenient to carry around and its easy to clean. I mainly use this for small little illustrations in my sketchbook and its done its job pretty well (If I wanted to do more serious watercolor paintings, I'm not sure I would use this brush.. but it still does a great job for my small doodles). It carries a pretty decent amount of water and I'm able to do quite a bit of painting before I need to refill it (if you want an even smaller water brush to carry, there is also a 4-ml water tank). I'm also able to get pretty decent line quality with it. Although my only gripe with this water brush is that it leaks more water than I'd like.. but a simple dab on a paper towel will fix it.

If you're looking for a decent water brush that can be carried on the go, I think this one is a good place to start."
seriously needs an instruction set for dummies like me.  i love it but cleaning the brush is a hassle.  it leaks a bit but whatever.
"The kit is very small and portable.  The brush holds water right in it.  So far, I really love it."
This is a very practical box and comes with a nifty kind of watercolor brush ideal for a fieldtrip. I love working with it and it is small so I can easily carry it with me wherever I go to make a quick colorsketch for later use. Definitly would buy it again.
The box closes very nicely. The brush is of good quality and it is light weight. Very nice to use.
"I carry this to my Fashion Illustration class.  I like the small compact design, very convenient to carry and use.  The assortment of water colors are good quality, too."
This brush works really well.  My only issue with it is that it doesn't hold very much water.  Otherwise functions quite well.
"Love the colors, and the brush! The only bad thing is, I didn't expect it to be a bit small, well, maybe because it's suppose to be used for carry around:D"
"This was a Christmas gift from my mom. They are easy to blend, color range is tremendous, great for on-the-go watercolor work and the brush holds a ton of water. I painted for well over an hour without refilling. The pan closes securely and there is a removable palette included. Really enjoying watercolor work with this set!"
"This little water color set is so small that I can take it with me where ever I go.  It is also a well designed set, the tray can be placed in several different positions making it convenient to use.  The price is very reasonable for a 24 color set."
"if I had not first purchased the Cotman Watercolor Compact Set I would STILL adore this little Koi set BUT having bought the cotman and been rather disappointed (quite) I would suggest if what you want is FUN and ease and a great choice of vibrant colors to take with you on your travels BUY THIS ONE (buy 2 even!) its a blast to use and the 24 colors make it E A S Y to quickly get the effect you want w/o having to mix mix mix all over the place AND the quality of the plastic used to create the tray itself is FAR FAR better than the cotman... that much I know

I adore the little water filled brush and I am THRILLED that the mixing tray actually comes off and goes on very easily and FEELS like a good fit, no pushing and pulling etc. the very BEST part is that the color pans do not FALL OUT all over the place like the cotman and that is worth its weight in gold. im getting another one for home too!"
"What a delightful little watercolor set. I bought it as a travel set & it is perfect for that! Plenty of area to mix colors.... Nice little ring to put your thumb in & hold. Most of the colors are traditional colors, so if you are used to professional watercolor, this isn't far off. The colors handle well too. The waterfilled brush was new to me, but i find i like it. I use other brushes as well, but was pleasantly suprised with the one included in the set. My only concern is the small amount in each square, but, if used up, more tube color could be squeezed in. I would recommend it. Sakura does put out nice products."
I like the brush wery much. It also comes with me every day. The only thing is that the small brush is less usefull as the medium or the large one
"I use it every day!!!!! I take it with me everywhere I go, and use it on the go. Simply superb!"
"While not top shelf paints, these still do the trick. A good color set for me to take on a hike, there are a lot of dry, mustard brown plants in my area of California. I love the water-filled brush, great for squeezing out extra drops onto the color pans or wetting your paper quickly. And the palette snaps into the left or right hand side with a flip-out finger ring for easy, one-handed holding."
Love this watercolor travel set!  I take it everywhere and the best part is the pigments are excellent!  They have lasted a long time and the color is so rich!!!!  Will always travel with this set so I can do what I love anywhere.  I ordered more of the travel brushes in other sizes to go along with it.
I love the size and concept for travel.  It is the bees knees .  I don't leave home without it
"I read about this on the Artist'sWatercolorJournal FaceBook blog and ordered it. I used it while taking a plane trip that was about 4 hours long and used Canson 5x7 post card sized paper in the top which served as my easel  It fit nicely on my airplane tray along with the usual drink glass from the airline and a few napkins...a studio at 30,000 feet!

It now travels with me in my day back-pack everywhere. The pigments are lovely and the portability is almost beyond belief.  I took out the two side sponges, set up dividers with gum erasers and added four more of my favorite tube colors. The accompanying water barrel brush works beautifully and I've recommended it as a travel or in-the-moment field kit to every artist I know!  Visiting some friends recently, our hostess was quite taken with it for a house gift to give to another artist friend of hers, so we ordered one over a glass of wine!  How easy is THAT?!?!"
Wonderful colors and it works so well. I have made a lot of watercolor art for my handmade cards. And everything all stores in the self-contained box.
The sending speed is amazing! I'm satisfied with all things~! I have finished several pictures and they all seem to be good.
"I haven't tried many since they're really expensive but, so far, this is the best investment i've made in art supplies yet.
the colors last for what seem like forever and they're still full after 10 pictures i've done.
Definitely worth buying and the color variety is amazing!"
"I read on an animal syringe review that using a water color brush for baby rats to nurse with works great.  Well this brush is awesome for that!  My husband did a small modification with the top of the bristle attachment and then it flowed great (formula is thicker then just water, otherwise water flowed great without the modification).  Peanut has lasted from 5 days old to 14 days so far and this brush has gone a long ways towards that.  Just put in boiling water before each feeding to kill any bacteria that might start growing in the bristles."
I Paint With Watercolors....But I Wanted A Tube-Set.  I'd Been Looking At Options...These Are Not Just A Nice Sellecction Of Colors... They Are Very Nice Quality!
"Compact and easy to put in my glove box or purse, it is handy when I want it. I would buy it again!"
I purchased this for my granddaughters; 5 and 10 year old and the pans were a bit small.  I'm sure Mom will figure out what to do.
"This is a perfect little watercolor kit for the ""on the go artist"". The color assortment is more than adequate. The paint has a nice texture and applies well. I've had no problems with this set of watercolors. I've used and enjoyed it many times. The ""cakes"" are small, but last longer than one would think. I would recommend this to anyone needing portable watercolors. It's equally as good when used at home or in class."
"Good quality watercolors in a compact package. Easy to take with you anywhere you go. Great for sketchbooks.
Buy one."
"It's small, but all the colors are there.  I love it.  The brush isn't ideal for me as I prefer a filbert, but it's better than other brushes of the same nature (water filled)."
"Works well with Derwent Inktense, which, if you haven't tried, you should - love them because once laid down, the ink doesn't move around when worked over."
"Great product for the price. My favorite is Holbein, but this is inexpensive and allows for large experimental pieces on a budget."
These are great quality brushes. Easy to travel or take to classes. I would recommend these brushes if you haven't tried them.
These watercolors are great for putting in my purse to travel with. Colors are wonderful and love the water brush that comes with it. Great for classes too.
"The kit seems heavy-duty and has a thick carrying case.
The area to hold your watercolor paper is smaller than I thought, but that isn't a big deal.

Don't throw away the black piece that you will find inside your water brush. Use it to be able to store the water brush inside the case after you use it.

Great product, will definitely buy again."
"This is by far the best addition to my art supplies in the past 10 years! I can't get over how compact, useful, and easy to use this set is. The clever brush pen eliminates the issue of my cats drinking/knocking over my paint-filled water basin (haha), and the tip is fine enough to add tiny watercolor details. The colors are excellent. If you are indecisive about buying it, just buy it! You will not be disappointed."
Great quality watercolors that are convenient for travel & quality projects. Ofcourse I started from Crayola so the upgrade was far more superior & has gotten me commissions on my works. Definitely a quality product to consider.
Great little system. Will buy again. It would be greatly to have refills for it. But I guess you can always use it with tube colors when it runs out.
Great for on the go.also great in teaching  children water control with water paints.  NO MESSY CLEAN-UP.GREAT INVENTION..I sure hope they last.
"These are a great buy for the beginner as well as more seasoned WC artist.
Bear in Mind that these more Asian based colors can be more opaque to translucent than British watercolors. they have a nice mate finish and come in the range of 18 colors in tubes for larger works
The palette is a nice range and number and the outside box is sturdy and very well designed. The flimsy plastic that holds the individual colors could use with some upgrading but then again it would only add to the weight and everyone, including me, who uses this for travel purposes would complain if it got heavier.
I gave these as C-presents this year and received coos of delight from the recipients.
The colors are intense and water-down well.
For my in home and studio practice I use the top tier watercolors but for a walk of the dog and a sudden painting moment this is great.  It fits in my should bag and with a 4 by 6 sketch book becomes an effective and fun way to sketch at a moment."
These are a good selection of good colors in a nice compact case for a very good price. It will come in handy outdoors.
"This is a super fun set to have on the go. Right now I like it because it allows me to set & clean up quick. I've got a little one, so art time & space is limited. I couldn't be happier with this."
"For being a student grade WC, these have really great pigment, they mix well, and they apply well. Until I win the Lottery and can afford Daniel Smith, Maimeri, Cotman or Holbein WC's, Sakura fits the bill (literally & Figuratively)."
Not bad for its price. Colors are bright and really pigmented. The best thing is the water brush that comes with it. Really convenient design and perfect for traveling.
"The watercolor is not the best quality,but it is work great anyway!
Very smart design, open a lot of possibility. I am using it everywhere. I like the result."
"Compact, has all the colors I wanted (and then some), vibrant pigments, great watercolor ""pen,"" multi position palette (also easy to clean), pop out thumb holder on the bottom.  Look no further!"
"I was very please with the set by Sakura. The colors are brilliant and good starter for price. And water brush that come with is wonderful. It great to go outside or sit in living painting with size be small. The colors true  and mix well together, So you can new ones."
"It's a very nice little kit and one that I use often.  My only 'complaint' would be that there was not identification of the colors included.  I had thought that there might be something included in the package insert.  However, I did find the chart on Sakura's website and printed out the chart naming the colors exactly as they are in the kit, and used double stick tape to tack it inside the lid.  The charts are available for the two different water color sets that Sakura makes.  The colors can be deceiving when you see them in their dry blocks because they don't look like they do 'painted', and some colors appear very similar, so having that chart in the lid is great.

I can't say enough good things about this set.  The colors are rich and intense, the kit is compact, and with the water brush included it's all that you need to get the job done."
"This is a wonderful brush, I use it with prismacolor watercolor pencils for most of my watercolor paintings. Very useful!"
This is a fantastic little set of watercolors. The colors have lots of pigment and are seriously just perfect. I had never used a water brush before I owned this. I LOVE it! So convenient and compact. Perfect!
"While the paint colors are very bright, they are very thin and will be used extremely quickly. This set is tiny. If a larger set is made, please consider purchasing a larger set."
"Size is most important factor for me. The actual length of this product is 6.3 inch, not 8 inch as described. The length of the package is 8 inch. So, I assume that 12 color product must be 1.5 inch shorter than described."
"Wow what a deal!  I was just browsing through the warehouse area of Amazon and came across these watercolors.  I had just purchased a set a while back...the exact set, boy a big price difference though.  I think these were around $9.00! What a steal!  The warehouse is an open box like area, things that got dinged on the outer box but were in working order.  These were  not even dinged, I thought that maybe the brush would be missing or a paint cracked.  Not one thing wrong that I could see, just a great price!"
This is a present of my wife who is an artist in drawing and painting. She considers that Sakura water colors are the best in the world and this one proves the fact.
I love this kit.  I have three field kits and this may be my favorite.  I love the brush that comes with it and there are more color choices and the little mixing pan that fits on the side allows for more color mixing options.
"try mix the pathalo blue and lemon yellow, or lots of other combinations, you will be surprise that mixing two colors will make some kind of precipitation, which I never found in my winsor & newtwon Cotman watercolor travel set..."
Excellent paint set; smooth texture and vibrant colors. Would defiantly but a larger set if they offered one. Will buy again and def. recommend.
"Nice brush compared to some of the others brands. I particularly like the clear body. I use these with color inks for quick painting on the go, so it is important to see what color is inside before I grab it. The ones with blue bodies are fine, but for my use, the aqua and blue bodies obscures the ink color. And the big aqua body ones are prone to dripping ink out, these don't. I plan to order more to create a larger range of non-drip easy to use colors."
Very nice quality colors. Used to use Windsor & Newton before I retired as professional artist and these colors are quality.
Very nice quality colors. Used to use Windsor & Newton before I retired as professional artist and these colors are quality.
Nice small tip with the ability to get small areas done without smear. I recommend for watercolor pencil people who need water in very small areas
"Works well, nice point, Water flows well.  I use it daily with watercolor pencils and it does the job well."
This is the perfect little set of watercolors for travel.  The handy water brush pen that comes with it is a great bonus and all you need to capture quick works.
My favorite watercolor set.  Colors are bold. The water brush is fabulous.  Still small enough to be very portable. Really great video tutorials on the company website.
"Works great with my water color pencils! Might want to wrap some bright tape around it, I lost it for over a month in my car hah!"
It is nice but the color boxes are smaller than I anticipated.  When putting a brush in one the colors run into each other.
This is an excellent quality product! It is  lots of fun to use! I have used it to paint birthday cards.
"I like this brush. The barrel that holds the water screws onto the brush in the opposite direction you'd expect, which helps to keep it from unscrewing when used by a right-handed person. The brush works well and gives a nice result, and it holds enough water to use for quite a while. There is a stopper so you can fill it with water and put it in your painting kit without fear of it leaking. My only complaint is that when you have water in the barrel with the stopper in, the brush part is a separate piece. It would be nice if they clicked together in some way, but that's not a huge complaint and it certainly doesn't impact the utility of this brush. Be advised the barrel is short and fat - I like the fatter barrel, and the short size allows it to fit in a tiny watercolor kit."
Great pigmentation and a very convinient packaging. These watercolors are perfect for artists on the go. The asrtment of colors is very good.
"I love this set! Best quality of watercolors I have ever used. The set is complete and extremely portable. I liked it so much I bought a set of regular sized tubes.
I highly recommend this wonderful product."
"A great little set of water colors. High quality paints at a great price, not as good as Windsor and newton or Dr. Martin's Watercolors. But KOI colors won't break the bank. An excellent range of transparent colors."
"The brush came quickly and in good shape. I find it rather disappointing. . It may be because I haven't been painting for very long. In any case, I get much better results painting with a normal watercolor brush."
"Once I figured out how to open this to fill it with water, I loved it! It stores water securely, and the tip nicely fine. Love it especially because it fits in my ""tiny"" watercolor palette."
Love this little palette! So easy to use and was especially surprised by the creaminess if the paint and beautiful vibrancy!  The brush that comes with it is such a convenience.  Bought one for my 9 year old granddaughter.
Great portable kit to use in the field or at home.  I'm really enjoying using it! I bought more assorted Niji waterbrushes to use with it.
"Koi watercolors are raved over by many art journal makers and urban sketchers, and they are pretty good for this use, however I wouldn't recommend them for actual watercolor painting.  The pan forms are actually dry cakes, not semi-moist pans, contain a lot of filler, and therefore tend to look chalky when dried.  The tube form is nicer, but they don't re-wet well when allowed to dry and subsequently used as pans.  They are cheap, and colorful and yes, I would recommend them for sketching and art journaling/mixed media work, but for true watercolor painting you can't get a better brand than Van Gogh...these beautiful student watercolors are almost impossible to distinguish from artists quality most of the time.  The only reason I keep buying them is that they are more readily available in places like Michaels and Hobby Lobby, and with the 40% off coupon make a good beginners purchase for students.  I purchased this tube set because I wanted to pour them into cheap palettes and make up some pan sets for my students and grandchild to use, however, I ended up buying some more Van Gogh a week later because I was so disappointed with the Koi."
Never painted with a water brush before and for travel and tight situations where I can't have an open water cup it's very convenient. Even works on a plane. The range of colors allows for blending to create a wide variety of values and hues. With some care I can use these to color in line drawings in most types of journals. Of course there is some warping but at least I don't have to travel with a watercolor journal in addition to my regular journal. Works well with the Moleskine drawing journal with its Bristol weight pages.
Other than the fact I can't seem to keep one of these around it works very nicely. Next time I'm going to tape a feather or old paint brush handle on it so perhaps I'll stop losing them.
I love my Koi Watercolors.  The case it great.  It is part of my watercolor travel kit.  I can take it any where.
I just wanted to try this little water brush on some of my newer paintings using ink and watercolor washes.  It is absolutely great for special effects in ink and wonderful when used with watercolours! You can get into some tight corners easily with this little brush.
It is easy to use. Love the colors. The brush is amazing.  If you like watercolor this is a must have (like right now lol)
Made just right for the Sakura field watercolor set.  I love the fact that you can fill the reservoir with water and the brush is ready to use.  The small brush is good for detail work.
Simple and ready to use.  Just fill the brush with water and you are good to go.  The colors are vibrant and easy to apply.  I love to use this set as well as the WN Cotman pocket set.
"Love this little Mobil painting package. I did not realize that it came with a new portable watercolor paint brush,"
"This is a great portable water color kit with a water brush included.  The colors are vibrant, and the case is small
and easy to use.  I would recommend this seller and this product."
"I bought one of these for myself and one for my brother, who has never lifted a brush unless it was to paint a house. Within minutes he was making beautiful washes and looking like a pro! I got him some other colors in another brand, but the colors weren't as deep or as flowing. The water-filled brush with it's little plug for travelling is a clever way to make you get them out a LOT more often, since you don't have to set up a workstation to play with them. I carry them around when on vacation, pop them out on the airplane, they are better than puzzle books for whiling away the time. Kids would love these too, I think, since the colors are so bold and flow so quickly. Print them out a coloring book page and watch them go! They definitely would improve the quality of your refrigerator art. Highly recommended."
Perfect size. Does not leak. Easy care. LOVE these! I would buy these over and over - but I think they will last a long time.
"I use for ""urban sketching"" - GREAT product. Does NOT leak. To clean it in the field, simply bring along a paper towel -squeeze & dab the brush onto the paper towel between colors & when finished - voila! clean brush."
"This works really well and is a great addition to the medium and large size brushes.  It is perfect for traveling or working outside and the best thing is that the bristles on the brush are of good quality that holds it shape.  I do a lot of watercolors and wanted something I could take traveling so my regular brushes wouldn't get ruined.  Plus they hold the water!  I was concerned about the cleaning of the bristles with color changes, but if you follow the directions it is not a problem."
"This brush was the perfect addition to my other two sizes.  I use these when I travel, I found they hold up well and get the job done.  The bristles hold their shape and the water dispenses perfectly, from just a little, with a light pressure, to more liquid with a stronger pressure.  Very pleased!"
"Purchased under the japanese brand of this. Same case, same paints from the looks of the photo. Very convenient.
Something great would be to sell insets of the item separately for those who don`t need a new case, and I know there are other brands which have individual pans available for sale for when certain colors yet used up, but I don`t see any reason why not just squeeze tube paint in the convenient little spaces once a color is used up. Otherwise, great and motivating to get me outside and sketching, coloring on the go!"
My fav <3 Had this for so many years now!
"Perfect for the little girl it went to and she enjoyed it.
There is a bit of  knack to using it, but that only makes it more enjoyable when it's mastered.
Looks grown- up and works like a charm.
Definitely a success !"
"Love the colors.  They are brilliant, with a wonderful variety. There is excellent mixing space in a nice light weight compact palette."
"I bought this pen as a replacement for the pen that came with my  Koi Sakura watercolor set- my parrot ate it for lunch. The pen that came with that set was great. This is the same quality, but the barrel is about a thrid smaller at least. Its shorter than most pens so it's a bit awkward. I'm pretty disappointed in the size. I wish I could just buy another barrel!"
"I bought this pen as a replacement for the pen that came with my  Koi Sakura watercolor set- my parrot ate it for lunch. The pen that came with that set was great. This is the same quality, but the barrel is about a thrid smaller at least. Its shorter than most pens so it's a bit awkward. I'm pretty disappointed in the size. I wish I could just buy another barrel!"
"Go this paint for a firend who loves painting and she loved em, said that this is is expensive amd the quality is great."
"The most compact and easy to carry water brush design.  5"" long with a good water reservoir and fine point.  Can be carried in two sections of about 3"" each."
"I'm going to stick with my Faber-Castell or Niji brands. I thought I got a bunch of defective brushes at first because I could not get the 2 parts together. I soon realized you have to screw them together COUNTER-clockwise. The bristles are very long which can be difficult for certain applications. The real problem came in when the reservoir got low. Nothing would come out even though there was quite a bit of color left in the barrel. It took forever to clean the barrel completely. I will definitely be using these for water only! I'll use my other brands, especially the F-C, for colors."
I can't put to words of how great this thing is. I have soooo many colors to choose from. I mean the pigment of it is pretty amazing. Its super opaque if you brush it lightly on it and put it instantly on paper. However it has a different quality compared to winsor & newtons field set. The colors mix together nicely and like i said before the colors are great. The brush I can't explain how easy and amazing it is. The sponges on the side are useful but I don't use them that often. The palette that goes along side it is convenient too. So if you're looking for something moderately cheap with a lot of accessories and colors then this is for you! But if you're looking for better quality colors that just scream beauty then maybe try another brand.
"This is the best little watercolor travel palette! The setup is terrific -- the little case opens up to reveal 24 pans of watercolor paint, two little sponges, one on each side of the palette, a small mixing palette that attaches to the side of the case, and a holder for a small pad of watercolor paper. The set includes a clever watercolor brush with a water well that unscrews so it can be filled with water. The paint colors are bright and vibrant, unlike most pan paints, and are highly resistant to fading. This is really the only paint set I need to bring on vacation - it packs away easily and is lightweight, plus fun and satisfying to use, so I don't feel I'm compromising on the quality of my work while I'm away."
"Great set for traveling. Sort of a compromise. Lots of colors, but teensy weensy pans. Probably not great if you're wishing to do larger paintings. You'd certainly need a larger brush. That said, I enjoy working small with this little set and am finding I take it with me or even leave it in my car. The mixing pans are decent size and the waterbrush is wonderful. A great value for the price."
"This is honestly one of the best purchases I've made for my art supplies. This kit has a great choice of colors, they are bright and vibrant. Having so many colors makes it nicer to not have to constantly mix your colors.
The removable palette is so convenient, it makes mixing colors so easy and the sponges help to clean off the water brush (which is amazing) in a rush. I can just keep the colors I've made before in the palette and use them another time. Plus, cleaning it is easy - just wipe it down with a wet rag or paper towel.
The size is perfect for whipping out any time, I carry it in my purse nearly all the time. Clean up is so easy because everything stays in the kit - no water containers, no massive amounts of paper towels, no brushes laying around.... It's perfect!
The water brush is so nice, it's definitely a great plus to this set. Just make sure to always put clean water in it!
All of my artist friends who have seen this have instantly loved it, so I would definitely recommend it to any artist. It really makes a perfect gift, too.

By the way - I have seen this same watercolor set on other sites for a higher price. Definitely buy it here, it's cheaper and so worth the price!"
My husband use this brush to watercolor his sketches on site. It's very practical although sometimes it leaks a little.
"Update January 2014:  I've purchased two additional Koi 24 color field sketch boxes and given them as gifts (along with a watercolor paper pad) and the recipients were absolutely thrilled!  I even received an original watercolor thank you note painted with a Koi sketch box that I treasure.

I purchased the Koi 24 color field sketch boxes for myself and a friend  and both of us could not be happier.  The sketch boxes were delivered last Friday, as advertised, and we headed out on a day trip to Salado, TX  the next morning to try them out.  We had a wonderful time and thoroughly enjoyed creating our journaling pages.  The Koi Field Sketch Boxes rocked and we painted for hours without having to refill our watercolor paint brushes that came with the kit.  There is a good variety of highly pigmented colors that worked well alone and mixed.  I highly recommend this product.."
I seen this on a blog that the lady does alot of art journaling and she mentions this product. I am so happy I picked it up. I really am enjoying the product. Nothing negative to say.
"I have just started water coloring this year. I bought a tube set of watercolors first, and then this one to tote around with me. I just love using this pan set whenever I go out. The water pen is GENIUS! Im thinking about getting the small one too, as the only thing that hinders me when Im out and about painting is the brush is not great for details. I would definitely recommend this product to others. At least those starting out, as I have no idea what the difference between really expensive paints and this set are.

I usually make a huge mess water coloring at home, but I don't even think about set up when I am going out. I just grab my set and notebook (moleskin) and a bottle of water and Im off! It all fits in my purse or a small backpack."
I can slip this into my purse with a pad of paper and paint in any location.  Since there are so many colors available I don't have to spend a lot of time mixing paint.
I bought this watercolour set to take with me when I travel overseas for my holidays or I'm out and about.
I'm a sumi-e artist and consider this w/c to be one of my best tools in my work. A very affordable price will always be a call to order.
"I'm just a beginner. I bought it for a vacation so I can draw and paint when I stay at the hotel. It's very easy to carry with me. The size of it is the same as my notebook. So when I write my note and drawing, painting, I can do it on a coffee table without a problem. The color is thick and also bright. The brush is working well, just one water load I can draw so many times.
I really recommend it."
"I am a cinematographer for Discovery Channel. I primarily shoot time lapses of sun sets and sun rises and this little watercolor set is really easy to throw in my bag when I leave for the day. The brush is brilliant for me because I am always around sensitive electronics and I do not need to worry about spilling large glasses of water all over my stuff! The colors apply well and are not cheap muted colors.

I would recommend this to anyone who wants to add some dimension to their travel work. Great product and I will be buying more from them in the future!!"
"Though I am still learning the technique of watercolor, I am completely in love with watercolor, especially after using these :)

I usually trust the Sakura brand so I really didn't have doubts. It mixes amazingly with prismacolor watercolor pencils :)"
"I needed something to pack for a plane trip or plein air painting.  This holds water longer than I expected and works great. Small, compact, and effective with water color pencil for a mess-free painting session."
"Hello everyone,

I must say this kit is very useful. I've never seen a brush like this before it is very handy because you all you have to do is squeeze to get some water onto your brush. The kit is also very nice because you can just slip it into a back pack or something and use it wherever and since you already have water in your brush you are good to go."
"The set is small enough to live up to it's ""field"" name. It is designed for travel and efficiency. I like that part of it. The pen brush is a bit annoying due to the thread direction (opposite of what you would intuitively do). The colors range is decent, but due to its ""fieldiness"" they are packed in like sardines. Super cute though.

Overall great to send a kid on their way and be entertained for fifteen minutes so you can have a decent cup of coffee or take a shower, or to use while, well, traveling!"
"Although I have at least three different sets of water colors already, the depth and vitality of these colors convinced me I had to have a set of tube colors from this company as well.  (Being shipped to me now..yippee!)

This little container is so cute and perfect for taking out on a hike or trip to do little pictures.  The inside of the lid can hold a tiny canvas and I love the little pallet that fits inside for mixing colors.  I can think of nothing bad about his product. Would recommend it to everyone."
The first time I used these was to create a gift for a friend of mine that was going in for surgery. The result was great and the watercolors created a beautiful piece of art full of color. I continue to use them for multiple projects and they continue to perform exemplary. I definitely recommend these!
I bought this thinking it would be great for doing watercolor on the go and turned out not liking the way it worked. Since then I have begun playing with other techniques and have found that this brush is perfect for using with my liquid ink pens to create a watercolor type effect and the pens are so much easier to travel with than the watercolors! I am thinking I need to get a couple more of these since my daughter is now playing with my art stuff as well.
for my eleven year old grandson. He is no Monet. (More like a Jackson Pollock. Ha.)  But they are a good quality and at a reasonable price.
"The colors are so vibrant and intense! There's a good selection of colors, though I would have liked to have a bright orange and at least one more violet/purple. But that's just me being lazy, because any color you can imagine can be mixed with the ones provided. These watercolors feel luxurious, I'm very glad I bought them :)"
"My daughter is taking private classes from an established local artist and she suggested these water colors.

They really are vibrant colors and an easy palette to work with."
"this is a very cute kit where you feel happy when using this.
Also the design is nice you have the willing to go outside and justt paint."
"I've had many different watercolor sets, from cheap to expensive. This is a great deal. The colors are beautiful and the water brush that comes with the set is very useful."
Great and convenient for painting on the go! Best thing ever. I'm so happy I bought it. Great paints and colors
"It's okay, does the job. A little smaller than I expected and the plastic is squishy, expected something more sturdy."
"color is very beautiful and the pen inside is good to uise, I love this product. just hope it could be more smaller"
"My Husband and Daugher got this fir me for Mother's Day and I really really like it!  The colors are pure and vibrant the water brush is great and I can carry this with me in my purse and have a quick access to doing art on the go.

I've used Koi water colors before in the tube and didn't like them as much as the half pans in the Field set.
Well designed, very compact.

The only criticism I have is the little plug that fits in the water pen to keep the water in,  has no place to go after you pull it out and screw on the brush tip.
This is an easy to lose piece that should have a little dock or snap pin on the kit to keep it safe until you break apart the water brush and replace the plug.
I had been just holding it in my mouth and almost swallowed it a couple of times.  HA!  Now I keep a piece of blue painters tape in the lid and secure it."
This is a great set of colors with a portable water tube and brush.  I even enjoy using it in my studio for a quick change up of colors to my larger pallet.  Hope you enjoy it too.
"This works as advertized, and is nice to have always replenished water without dipping.
For travelling, it's great, you can do quick sketches with watercolor without a water cup."
"love for ease of travel, I love the selection of colors, the pant pen works great to, surprized it does not leak."
I love the convenience of the small portable size and the trays to mix the paints and water.  The brush is interesting and easy to use and the colors work smoothly on all my painting projects.
"Love this watercolor set! Its perfect for travelling and fits right into my bag. I take it everywhere. The colors are good too, and the brush is genius. I definitly recommend it."
"This is probably one of the best--if not the absolute best--watercolour set I've ever used.  The colours are vibrant and last rather long despite being small.  The selection of colours is broad, and of course you can always blend if a different shade or hue is needed.  The size is just right for field use and the case is rather sturdy.  There really aren't any major flaws that I noticed with this set."
"It's a great kit and fun as a starter. I would recommend getting the 24 color one though instead, I have that one too and for more color but the same size it makes more sense to me."
I keep this brush with me everywhere I go. It don't leek and only releases water when I want it to.
I bought this set after seeing so many people on YouTube use it and brag about it. They were right. The brightest most I tense color in pan watercolor and easy to take with me.
"This little Koi Watercolor Set is absolutely the cat's meow! Such a delight to take anywhere and paint with no fuss, no muss.  The water-fill pen is a blessing and the whole design of the case is made to encourage easy traveling and fun . . . anytime . . . anywhere.  The colors are vibrant too. I love it!"
Recommended for people who are new to watercolour. 24 colours are enough for beginners. The box is compact and very convenience to use outdoor painting.
"Purchased this as my first portable watercolor set. The colors are not highly saturated, but they are decent enough compared to some of the other sets in the same price range. The portability and convenience of this set outweighs the paints not being very saturated. Once the paints are gone, I will probably reuse the kit as a portable palette.

Pros:
o Very affordable
o Features a good amount of colors
o Compact and easy to carry - can be tucked into a pocket or bag
o Great for a quick watercolor project
o Can be used almost anywhere and quickly tucked away

Cons:
o Watercolor brush is a little flimsy - breaks quickly (mine broke after a few uses - to use it I have to jiggle the brush a few times for more water)
o Using the lid as an easel is a little awkward and not all postcard size paper fits well"
"Set is perfect-brush holds its own water supply. Loads of colors and shades.  It all fits together nicely, and is so lightweight.  Nice mixing tray, too."
"I bought this small set planning to use it on a trip for a sketch book.  Honestly did not find time so I wish I'd gotten the bigger set as it's got really lovely colors and a larger brush-still, this is very small, light and cute.  Nice colors except would a have eliminated black and white."
"I had previously purchased a 24 pan sketch box by Sakura and though I enjoyed the colors and paint quality, I hated all I had to go through to activate a large amount of paint.  I gave the box to my daughter an bought these for myself.  I love them!  One of my favorite art supply purchases yet.  The colors are vivid and fun, and the paints are affordable.  I'm having a blast with these paints.  I love that they are AP certified non-toxic, so if my kiddos get into them they are safe.  And if I stick my brush in my mouth (which I catch myself doing sometimes) I don't have to worry about any crazy chemicals or metals in my system."
Compact and easy to carry in a backpack. Colors are very concentrated and the mixing palette adjusts to whatever position is most comfortable for you. The water brush is so cool and easy to use... wish we could buy these in different brush styles!
I was pleasantly surprised at how nice this painting set is engineered.  Everything is well organized and the paints are very concentrated and will last for a while.  Really good to take away and do some quick watercolors.  I am only going with 4 stars for one reason...the water brush.  It's ok if you are really stuck but I clipped the end off of an extra brush I use and put it in the set.  Much better toting a little water bottle and a good brush.  Love the set itself though.  Small but functional.
"This is a well made watercolor field sketch kit. Compact & lightweight. Best price is here (24 colors!). The brush that comes with the kit is perfect. Some of the colors are not quite as vibrant as my tube colors, but this is to be expected. I put a few of my tube colors on the removable mixing tray, and now they are available when I want to use them with these colors. However, this kit does have a wonderful variety of colors, so you don't really need to add anything. Highly recommended if you are looking for a travel size kit."
"I was eager to receive this because a fellow artist had recommended it to me and I was not at all disappointed. I tested it out today and the colours are rich and not at all chalky like some kits; it's also no bigger than the size of your average shoe in length, not to mention lighter and more compact as well!~
All in all, I can't wait to take it out with me when I go painting by the ocean! c:"
"Put together an art bag for my trip to Hawaii and was either going to lug along multiple tubes of paint, risk the ooze factor or purchase a travel kit.

This set offered everything thing I needed in a compact size. Color section is very good, functionality very good, clean up easy. I had three water brushes so the one included didn't get used. Portions of The solid cake type pigments were easily distributed to the provided mixing tray which attaches to the travel case edge while in use.  The economy of space this product has allowed painting on the jet ride over!

Would recommend whole heartedly for traveling and field work!

James"
I draw small pen drawings and watercolor.  This kit is just perfect for the task.  Neat and easy to use when coloring small areas without the need of special watercolor paper as I use very little water..
I love the brush and the extra plate with it very nice. I will buy more when i need it!
This paint is working fine for me and was a wonderful price.  I would buy again without a second thought.
these are awesome.  they were so reasonably priced considering how good they are. i  don't use it as a travel paintbox though i could if i wanted to. i haven't gone anywhere since getting them.. they are my working watercolors now. the colors are great. the box takes up little space and can stack up with other things on my table. i love the water brush and use it almost exclusively now. the paints are great quality and the colors are wonderful. mixing colors is easy. i am very happily satisfied with this set and when replacement time comes i will get more of the same.
"This paint set is just as described by another customer. Fabulous colours, great palette overall.
I am really LOVING using these every morning. The plastic palette design is well thought out. The brush
included in the price is a great bonus. Thanks for the great service and the great price. I hope I can buy refills for when these are used up."
"I am no artist.  Never taken a class or tried to paint.  But after watching some Youtube vids I decided to try this with some Koi Brush Pens.

The Water Brush seems to actually be bristles joined at the tip... odd but effective.  My pen is flowing very well... a delicate touch is needed.

I have to admit I have not practiced much with this as I don't KNOW WHAT THE HELL I'M DOING, but I laid down a line of blue in a drawing using a Koi marker on a palette and picking up the tiniest bit with the tip of the Koi water brush, and the effect is stunning!!  Scared to do more..."
"I'm one who always carries a small sketchbook in my back pocket, along with a small modified Altoids case to hold my watercolors. This brush was a slight downsize compared to the larger 8ml counter part and even comes with a plug to separate the tip and reservoir. I love this waterbrush, it's now part of my daily arsenal"
"I've been having these for several years, and they never failed me. I always carry it in a pocket of my bag, with several watercolor bars. Whenever I feel like painting, I do :-)"
I tried out the water brush idea by buying this little brush. It did everything it claims and was VERY convenient to carry around because of it's small size. It was actually too small for what I needed so I bought the larger sizes and I love them. You can easily clean these little brushes on a paper towel to switch paint colors and they are great if you journal with watercolor pencils. 4mls is a tiny amount of water so you may want more than one size brush.
"+
Clean
Easy
Good for beginners

-
None that I can think of!

Would be great as a gift for friends or family who enjoy drawing or painting!! Or for yourself!"
"The water brush are amazing, but you need in different sizes. To carry anywhere. A simple idea but I can't stop of using with my new Koi watercolors."
"I'm so happy with my new Koi watercolors, their bright and colorfull. I'm starting to draw again after many years and this water colors are the best (is my first time with watercolors and is so easy). Are simple to use and carry. They need a thick paper (ideal), but in some regular is still good. And the waterbrush is amazing!!! My best purchase in many time."
"While there's a learning curve for getting the water to the brush (at least there was for me......gad!), this is still a wonderfully useful product. It is is now my go-to brush."
"The product came faster than I though it would and met my expectations, was excellent quality, nothing wrong with it."
"Let me start by saying that I am not the artist in the family - far from it infact.  Mom loves to bring sketch books and her watercolor set with her when we wander around the parks and botanical garden.  So, I was looking for one small gift and alas - this looked adorable.  Well, I did a bit too well.  Mom already has this, and it is her favorite so now she has a back-up.  She loves the quality of the paints, and the portability."
This paint lays down very nice and has a real rich color. I am very pleased with this product and will be buying again.
"Love the colors, love the brush, so portable... i cannot be without it! Awesome if you wanna start out with watercolors :)"
"I was able to get it when it was a dollar cheaper than usual. The colors are vibrant and the water brush is very versatile and compliant. However i don't find the sponges useful.

My favorite part of this is that we have two black cubes, and the color is just so intense!"
"the first water brush I had wore out because I used it so much--I wanted a replacement that would keep its point so as not to have to change brushes frequently.  I chose the ""medium"" and was not disappointed in the point I could get with the nylon bristles.  Although this is not a ""natural"" bristle brush, it doesn't matter because I use it  for water based pencil, not water color.  The best feature is how useable it is in a small space--no separate container of water necessary.  The only downside is I'd like to see the water flow go through the brush, not around it."
"Very portable, self-contained reservoir.  Enjoy the watercolors,excellent tool for field naturalists. Landscapes and wild flowers are favorite subjects. Will use this when I go on tramps in the pastures."
enjoyed the series very much. do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do ok
I thought it came with paper too!! It is smaller than I thought... Oh well. I need to read what is really offered!
"saw it on James Gurneys site and ha dto get one. i love the tray and its a nice compact, a bit pricey but glad I got this one"
fast shipping! the product is nice and I love it a lot!! nice brush and nice color! great design! fit in my purse
I am an artist and thought well I would try these paints for the price. Really do not like how they go on or look after drying
I had a small water brush but this medium is a tad bigger...a perfect addition to my set.  Thank you.
"Small and portable, but has all you need. Colors cakes seem more than enough to create beautiful compositions. And the brush is a very clever addition!"
I love this sketch set it is amazing.  A great take along time filler.  Love the water filled brushes and the entertainment factor.
"love these brushes take them anywhere, wish I had found them years ago, I bought several different sizes to take with me."
"I love this kit. It is compact, but full of colors and features!
The mixing tray can be held to either side, or downward, and it's pegs will hold it steady for gentle mixing.
The lid stays up nicely and makes for a nice mini-easel. It could be a tiny bit better if there were a tab of some sort to hold a small paper there.
There is a small ring on the bottom, which can fold out, and be used to hold the entire kit steady in hand if you don't have a table available.
The brush has a removable tip to make it fit in the kit, and includes a small, flat plug that will keep water in the brush, even when the brush is disassembled.

I simply cannot find a thing wrong with this watercolor kit."
"For plein air watercolor sketches it saves having to find or tote water.  Inside it works wonders on watercolor pencil paintings.  No rinsing is necessary when when go from one color to another, just wipe on paper towel before new color.  Very convenient and the water lasts a long time."
These pens are the greatest things to take plein air painting.  You can fill them with water and avoid having to constantly dip in a messy water cup.  They come in several sizes and allow you to paint undisturbed for quite awhile before refilling them.
"I'm not a huge water color painter, but this set really sparked my creativity. I love that it comes with a brush that holds water securely. You can paint on the go without worrying about making a mess."
"The paints are nice. The white is nicely opaque on its own and mixes well with the others.
I was unsure of how to use the waterbrush at first, but found it easy once I figured it out. The sponges on the sides are wonderful for cleaning the brush."
A cute little portable water color set.  I am using mine to make art journal pages.  Very nice vibrant colors.
"I'm very new to watercolor painting, and I'm so glad I found these. The colors are beautiful and intense. The kit is very sturdy and well made. I'm so happy I spent a little more for these - I think I'll be enjoying them for a very long time."
The water flow isn't consistent on this brush and seems that there is either none or a flood of water.
"good colors - well worth the price.  (word, word, word, word, word, word, word, word, word, word, word, word, word)"
"THESE GIVE A NICE PIGMENT TO WORK WITH. THE COLORS FLOW SMOOTH, AND ONLY GO WHERE I WET THE SURFACE OF MY WATER COLOR PAPERS AND CARD STOCK. MIX WELL."
"Very convienient packaging,excellent watercolors,would be ideal for beginers or more experienced painters,the brush/water bottle is a great way to take with you on field trips"
"I got this set for small projects like a travel journal. There is a smaller kit with 6 colors that I was going to get for it's size but I'm glad I have this 24 piece. It's still fairly small. I chose for more colors over the slight bulk. This set meets my expectations so far. I thought the water brush would be mediocre but to my surprise it works great. No leaks and it washes clean easily. Good quality pigments and the 24 colors are easy for me to work with and return to after drying. Most importantly, the plastic feels sturdy. It closes and opens smoothly but it may open with the way I carry my bag. I'd probably use a rubber band to secure it and prefer this than to having a case that's hard to open. I had one before that end up cracking and breaking the plastic. It's my second day with it and I'm still painting--that's a good sign."
"perfect watercolor kit for travel, the colors are intense and the packaging itself is so useful and versatile.  I love the watercolor pen, I will buy this product again."
"This compact little set-up is so much fun! It is perfect for getting down some quick studies without hauling out the more serious gear. It seems to me that a lot of thought went into what to include with its design: I love the little sponges on the side for cleaning the brush and there are a ton of separated areas on the palette to work up washes. There's also a thumb ring for a better grip in the field. Don't get me wrong, it is plastic and possibly not the quality of plastic you'd find in a Windsor Newton kit but I am very easy on my stuff and I expect it to last quick a while. For the price, I'd definitely purchase it again or for a gift."
"I don't really prefer the brush pen, but the watercolors themselves are very nice, I purchased some traditional brushes for the set and I'm very happy with it. The watercolor set itself is very portable, I might post some comparison pictures later if there aren't any already."
"I draw watercolor scenic little girl. Always enjoy paint my feel on paper.
I was wonder how good of this kit, and how draw all the colors I want with one brush.
But, after use it, I full in love the amazing brush.
Water will keep out brush and let color become lighter, foggy, and it a way make sketch pretty.
The box is good quality, easy store. The built-in finger ring is sweet design, too.
Good thing, I love it!"
"I gave five star for this product as it is the best quality. You can tell by its price that it is one of the best watercolour paint sets to use, it is not just any ordinary run of the mill watercolour. The paint flows easily when mixed with water, and when only a small bit of water, it produced a beautiful matt effect.

It comes with a water fillable pen brush that is worth using, and it is worth investing in different sizes of these watercolour pen brushes (usually can be found on here Amazon or on ebay as they are usually not found in art shops! Well not in Australia anyway).

Its size is amazing! I found I can fit it in any travel bag to take away with me anywhere I go. I also like the way the lid opens out, hinged on, and it has a removable pallet you can use to mix colours and it has sponges on either side of the watercolour square set, which is helpful for drying the brush or getting rid of excess water/paint.

The more amazing and notable point I will make here is that you can use the paint many times before it runs out, as you don't need a lot to cover a section, a quarter of a page as the colour is so thick that you can use only a bit and spread by water and thin out the colour, then add layers of the colour over and over and still have so much paint left. It's a versatile set worth buying for any artist particularly watercolourists, professional or beginner. I would say it is more a professional level watercolour but anyone of any level can use it.

Last note - it is a good value for your money and if you want to see some of my works I used using this product, then visit my art page at [...] - its the most recent lot of artworks posted on my webpage that have used this beautiful watercolour set"
This is by far my favorite watercolor travel set. Comes with a travel water brush and sponges along the side to clean your brush off between colors. The colors are beautiful and very well pigmented.
"I am new to watercolor painting and I wanted a small unit to play with that was not too expensive.  This kit fit the bill.  It was not a student set, the lid makes a nice mixing pallet and the enclosed waterbrush is easy to take with you and use.  I like the included colors.  They are rich and seem to cover the bases.  The only thing that I have not found a use for is the included sponge.  I use a small cloth to clean my waterbrush instead.  It is a minor detail however."
"I wanted to try my hand at watercolors for the first time. I wasn't sure what to get or how much I would need to spend.
I found these and decided to give it a shot since most of the reviews seemed positive and it comes with a super neat watercolor brush (a nylon synthetic tip with a squeeze bottle design for wetting the brush tip.) When it arrived I tried it right away on some decent watercolor paper to get a feel for it. After a while of messing around I find I'm pretty comfortable with this set. There are plenty of colors to use for life drawing, landscapes, and even cartoons and comics. The tray is handy for mixing colors and it's compact so it won't obstruct your drawing space too much. I highly recommend this set for newcomers to the ways of watercolor and for current painters that want a kit to bring out and about."
"Product is just as described. Very useful to me.
Product is wonderful for very fine line work and details, a must have for those who enjoy watercolor."
Beautiful colors and very handy to use.  I did not like the brush & don't use it.  (I really did try it but just did not like it.
"I received this as a Christmas gift and just about jumped with joy. I've been dying to try it out. One day later and I can't stop using it! Excellent quality paints, beautiful selection of colors and SO handy!

I'm pretty lazy when it comes to clean up, etc and this appeals to that side of me too. It really is just pack, go and paint with no mess. I really couldn't be any happier."
"How convenient is this!!! Great colores, very dense pigment. I carry it everywhere. Just wish it came with a larger place for short brushes."
I know this is a travel kit but it was much smaller than I thought it would be for the price.  Disappointed.
"Great kit!  I teach a drop-in sketching class in Mendocino every week and use a 12-color Koi set similar to this, and thought I'd get myself a larger one for an important trip I was taking to Maine.  This sketch kit was terrific and it was fun using 12 colors that I had previously been mixing myself.  If I had a complaint it would be that I really didn't need this many colors, but if you're not into mixing, it's great.  The palette is clever and functional, the brush worked perfectly, and the little sponges were very handy.  Every artist should never leave home without this (or any) field paintbox."
Lots of colors.  The size is perfect for travel. I use it all the time.  A perfect gift for any artist.
"Actually I bought it a year ago and re-ordered it for my friend's request..
Sakura Koi is the best field sketch set for a watercolor-starter.. (I don't wanna recommend it for professinal artists)
For the best coloring, u need a thin brush too... ^^"
"Not only do you get 24 instead of the usual 6 colors - the set comes with a water brush. The brush needs to be disassembled for storage in the case, but it comes with a stopper to keep the water in the pen even during storage. The removable tray can be mounted into holes on either side of the case (great for lefties and righties) for a stable additional color mixing surface. Plastic is sturdy and does not bend. Postcard-sized. Will travel everywhere with me.

Exceeded my expectations. Excellent value. Superfast shipping with Amazon Prime."
"Great little package! Those water pens are normally $5-9 by themselves, and high quality watercolor cakes are hard to find, especially in such a cute little bundle. Love it."
The water brush is OK and the paint is excellent. I carry this around in my purse for when muse strikes.
"When I first started I was so intimidated by huge watercolor sets. This complete, but not-overwheming set is perfect for accomplished painters wanting something mobile as well as fantastic for anyone wanting to start making art.

In fact it'd be a lovely Hanukkah or Ramadan gift or Christmas stocking stuffer."
I love this little kit. Colors are nice and rich. Plus it's a great little travel set. Perfect to just throw in your bag. I also like the water pen. I use mine all the time.
"product is amazing and with 24 different colors..I love the water brush..it helps to control the water flow.
Amazing Product!!
http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001OVG40E/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_title"
"I love this brush, it is so small it fits anywhere. It's perfect if you do not wish to carry normal size brushes."
"I'm fairly new to painting and watercolor but I wanted a field palette with plenty of color choice and convenience of travel and this is it. The colors are vibrant and blend well and the design of the box itself it just perfect. The brush is easy to use and drips out the perfect amount of water. Most days I throw my Sakura watercolor field sketch set and my Moleskine watercolor notebook in my bag and I have all I need for some artistic expression. I highly recommend to beginners, pros, and those who love to do art or travel journals. Great buy!"
"Great idea with water brush in kit.  Lots of colors, but not the same nor exact colors that I use from a tube. I tried it once.  I will have to try it again.  I got it for traveling.  I have several different travel palettes.  Two of my simple palettes with larger pans and only a few colors are my favor.  The pans are too close to each other.  I will have to work on smaller paintings with a smaller brush. I thought it was a good idea at the time.  I would recommend a different palette with large and fewer pans, about 6 to 8 colors."
I already have one Sakura Koi watercolor brush and liked it so much I decided to purchase another for my travel kit!
"I normally don't like pan watercolors, but this is a very nice and portable set. I can set up almost anywhere to paint, and then close it and go."
Love this traveling set.  Small enough to fit in small bag or purse and everything you need is there.  Love that the brush comes apart to fit in the kit.
I was very impressed with the vibrancy of the Sakura colors when I used them in my Watercolor Moleskine.  I was equally pleased to find that I was able to write in pen/ marker on top of it.  I do a lot of journaling/art journaling and it is a pleasure to mix my media w/o the concern of losing the beauty of one medium for another.  I am thoroughly satisfied with the affordability and quality of this product.
"I ordered this hoping it would be a quality product to do a little painting while I am  on the beaches here in Honolulu.  I tried it out right away and was totally pleased with the results.  The little water-tube paintbrush that comes with it worked terrifically and the colors were vibrant and lasting.  What a joy this little ""on the go"" paint kit is!  Kimo Kennedy  Honolulu, Hawaii"
"I LOVE this little kit! It's perfectly sized and so convenient. The kit has a good weight to it, the paints are highly pigmented, and the water brush is genius! You may want to invest in a few other water brushes to go with this, the one that is included is excellent but is not large enough for washes."
I'm extremely pleased with my Sakura watercolor set. The color selection is great & vibrant & I'm loving the included waterbrush. The unit is so compact & easy to use. This will be the easiest packing you'll ever do when you take vacation. Anyone interested in buying...don't hesitate. A real teasure.
"I bought this great product to enhance my watercolor skills, and it is absolutely perfect. The colors are very pigmented, the case is fantastic for throwing in your bag and painting on the go, and the watercolor pen/brush is amazing for coloring quick sketches. This item is a good bargain for the price. I'd definitely recommend it, and I'll absolutely re-purchase when mine runs out."
"I love this brush so much I have ordered the flat Niji one - great for washes and a larger one that I just recieved today and haven't had a chance to try. The small is perfect for detail and it holds it shape and has great snap. Control is by squeezing the sides of the brush handle to get more water, the learning curve is minutes. I took most of my other travel watercolor brushed out of my travel kit as I end up using these for everything. I'm getting a medium next than I'll have the whole set. Love them!<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Koi-WaterBrush-Large/dp/B0015AUWMU/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Koi WaterBrush Large</a>"
"They shipped super quickly and was packaged well! The watercolors are amazing, and love the color choice! They are easy to use and worth the price!"
"I bought this for my mom and she seems to love it.  She carries it in her purse and paints while waiting for... just about anything.  She sent me a little picture she made and it was so good I didn't believe she had painted it, she said she didn't realize how much good paint made all the difference."
"This is a fantastic little paint kit for all ages, with little to no cleanup! Kids can paint in the car on long road trips, and make their own travel postcards. Small enough to fit in my purse, the set goes along with us everywhere!"
"Love this set, the colors are beautiful, and the case is....sorry, there's no other word for it....SQUEE!!!!  It has a lift out tray that serves as a move-able palette, and a nice waterbrush, as well as two sponges.  During my first experiments with the included waterbrush/pen, I didn't take to it so much since my past watercolor experience is doing broad washes with a cheap kindergarten grade box of LC paints as a background for colored pencil or ink, but it's perfect for settling down and doing little sketches.  I'm in awe of the simple ingenuity of the lift out palette tray (yes, I am easy to impress), and the lid serves to hold small working pieces - although I've been using it to hold a small sheet of paper with paint swatches for easy reference.  During my ""I want to learn how to really paint with watercolor"" fit, I also ordered the small Windsor Newton Cotman field palette, and the colors for this one are a little brighter and intense, which I'm still too much of a technical beginner to know for sure if this is a plus or minus.  I picked this as a frugal starter set to learn new skills, and it's going to work beautifully for that.  I did a large-ish 11x14 piece this weekend, and the pans aren't even level yet, so don't dismiss this as just a travel kit.  I'd recommend it for anyone starting to dabble in watercolor.  I'm not 100% about the toxicity, but I'd imagine these colors are all hues and should be safe for children"
"I love, love this watercolor travel kit by Sakura. So affordable and definitely worth the money. I got back into sketching because this was really fun and easy to use, and it fits into my purse. Now I do some watercolor journaling on occasion.

There are 12 and 18-color kits but honestly, unless size is a factor, I would go for the 24-color one. Then buy a watercolor sketchbook, slip in a paper towel and you're set to paint on the go! Just don't cheapen out on the paper or it'll be a waste of this little gem. I even bought a kit for a friend because she loved mine when she saw it."
"I own both this set and the smallest 12 color set.  I prefer the smaller set for it's deck-of-cards size, but I really like to have the tray from this larger set.  The 24 color set is much larger, but not so large that it impedes travel bag packing.  The 12 color set and a small moleskine watercolor pad will fit in two back pockets.  You won't be able to do that with this set.

The tray makes mixing a variety of colors easy, without having to clean up to switch colors.  I also appreciate the additional colors, although it's almost overkill.  The pigments are nicely saturated for a beginner set, better than many others I've seen, and the waterpen is excellent.  I prefer the Pentel pen only because it is slightly smoother and softer to squeeze, but the stock pen delivers everything you'd really need.

Problems and solutions:
* The lid will not stay upright to hold my notebook as an easel.  To solve this, I used the end of an old paintbrush to prevent the lid from opening completely.  You could also put a dot of hot-glue on the hinges to prevent the lid from opening completely.

* The lid does not stay closed as securely as I'd like.  To solve this, I use a thick blue rubber band (which compliments the blu-tack) from a bushel of asparagus, or maybe it was broccoli.  Either way, I'd probably do this even if the lid snapped shut.  With the band in place, I can toss this thing in my pack without worry.

* My tray didn't have a snug fit in the holes.  To solve this, I wedged a small ball of blu-tack into each hole which holds the tray more securely."
This set of watercolors was a great buy. The colors are vivid and I love the consistancy. I would definitely repurchase in the future.
"I love how creamy the warm colors are when settled and dried.  As expected, the prussian blue and ultramarine look very granular when all dried, also affecting the texture when mixing with complementary colors..

I wish Sakura based the color set on this 18-tube package on the Quiller Wheel to achieve true complimentary with closest Pthalo / Cadmium substitutes.  Vermilion is the only true ""orange"" between the red and yellow--yellow ochre isn't quite the equivalent of cadmium yellow light.

I'd still give it 5 stars for the very good warm colors and that it doesn't have Pthalo and Cadmium colors which are toxic.  As I have said, the closest to the Quiller Wheel would be ideal with closest substitutes to Cadmiums, Dioxazines, and Pthalocyanines."
"I actually prefer the Pelikan Travel Kit over this, it has less colors, but they seem to be more vivid and I like the top mixing pan better.

The built-in brush is pretty nifty. I rarely use the sponges, instead I just use the pull-out palette mixer to tap off excess water. This set also has a clear bias toward red tones, and I found the blues to be kind of ... bland. The greens are fine, and the earth tones are very natural.

For its size, you probably won't find anything smaller and more portable. But I found the pigment to be a little harder to scoop out of the cakes and thin on the paper. I would suggest a better brand that this one."
"Bought this for my son, he is a high school art teacher.  He tells me this is a wonderful water color set for the artist that travels light.  He is very happy with this."
"This tiny powerhouse of color is hands-down the most indispensable item in my artist's toolkit. Compact and convenient, it's a perfect take-along for a day of plein-air painting, watercolor sketching at the museum, or art journaling at the coffee shop. The included water brush is handy and stores more than enough water for an afternoon of painting."
"Why I have purchased FIVE KOI SETS-for water color painting.
1. Size makes it not only nice for trips, hiking, and quick set up and clean up at HOME.
2  Beautiful vivid colors with great texture and easy clean up.
3. Only water needed is in the brush and lasts forever depending on size of art paper; quick cleaning as you change colors.
4. Tiny pallet attaches easily. cleans easily,& can paint all day without cleaning etc.
5. Thumb holder on bottom great concept and so necessary.
6. Back can be used as small tripod for painting.
7. Lightweight, and miniature size, but able to produce large and professional work.

Wonderful for relatives and friends, as gifts so appreciated. I give the designer of the water brush/pen 5 stars and the designer
of the clever little set another 5 stars. Have painted for some 75 years with all mediums, but love this one, more than my professional oil painting materials! Hard to believe this can be produced and sold at this low price. I am now in hospice after a very active life, and am now making my very own greeting cards, and busy beyond belief! I should be selling them since they
are accepted like hotcakes! AMAZON is MY STORE for MORE!
Sandy Orton-Colo. Springs, CO"
This little watercolor kit is just the perfect size! The water brush is so handy and of good quality. It slips into a purse or pocket for quick journaling anywhere. I took it on vacation with me and it's handy to use at home too for those quick art projects like a greeting card or journal. I will definately get another when this one is used up!
"For less expensive watercolors these are pretty good. They have good saturation and lots of colors not normally found in pan water colors. The case their in is very nice for plein air painting especially, with a ring on the palette for your thumb. The water fill brush takes a little getting used to, because I haven't used one before,but I think I'm going to like it. The packaging was good and they came very quickly."
"This is a wonderful travel set and the brush that comes with it is perfect!  I use this at least twice a week and find it extremely convenient to have the water in the brush.  All I really need extra is a paper towel, though I suppose I should learn to use the sponges...I've been able to make every color I need and am impressed with the way these dry.  No leaking or issues when I travel and very sturdy case.  You won't regret this purchase - I thought it was a great price!"
"this product was a gift to a friend. she says that it was really awesome, so I guess that means this kit is acceptable on multiple levels. also, I had asked the seller to include a note for my friend and they did! very nice of them!"
"I used Sakura watercolors as a UGA art major back in 1972 and really liked the quality then. The particular range of colors in this set is very good, and I got excellent results in mixing these pigments. Very pleased with the value, as well."
These watercolors were recommended by an online class. They are everything I expected. I use them daily even though the class has ended. You will not be disappointed in this product.  I love everything made by Sakura.
Great for beginners. Easy to carry & comes with a good size brush & pallet. Not a bad choice to gift & the price is good too.
"I really enjoy the colors, they blend like a dream and are really easy to clean off. I find the size to be perfect, it fits right in my art box without crowding out everything else, but I can also do a grab-and-go if I don't need anything but the paints.
I'm not a big fan of the reservoir brush. I feel that it releases too much water and I lose control over what I'm painting.
I do, however, thoroughly enjoy the way the brush works when I keep it empty and use a separate water jar.
The brush is smooth and has a really great 'snap' to it. It's a good medium size for painting, but it doesn't work well for full washes or fine detail.
The palette is very convenient, I often leave whatever colors I had mixed on the palette and they're perfect when I use them with just a damp brush.
The only other feature I don't use is the sponges on either side. I bring a paper towel because the sponges get really wet pretty quickly and I don't know why I find that off putting.

It's definitely a watercolor set I'd recommend to anyone who wants to learn watercolor or continue a passion for it."
"I don't review many products, but I have enjoyed this kit so much that I decided to make an exception in this case.  I ordered this on a whim.  It looked cute (and I'm a sucker for cute packaging) and I was looking for an easily portable way to take paints with me when I travel.  I didn't have overly high hopes as to the quality of paint, but I was hoping for something passable for small sketches.  I have been pleasantly surprised, however, at this little kit.  The paints are smooth and they all blend very nicely.  All the colors are bright and I haven't noticed any separation of pigments from a single paint here.

Also, this kit introduced me to the concept of the water brush.  I love it!  It's nice and easy now to use watercolor on the go.  The brush has held up for the 10 paintings or so I've used it for so far.  Occasionally it seems to overly saturate with water, but I'm not sure yet if that's user error or product error.  Regardless, I have been able to make it work for me and I will probably purchase another water brush at some time(though maybe not the same brand).

If I had a complaint about the set, it's that the lid doesn't fully snap close.  I worry about it coming open if I don't have it sandwiched between something.  But this is very minor and doesn't bother me when compared with the convenience this kit offers.

I now use this set all the time when I travel. Like others here, I have a Moleskine watercolor book that I travel with.  It's the perfect partner for this set.  When I use this set up -- and that will probably take a while because these paints do stretch far -- I will replace it with another just like it!"
"This little paint box will come in handy whether you are in your backyard,on a hike/field trip,or flying cross-country to see the family! It is the perfect size,plus it comes with a H2O brush. Super! I am so looking forward to using this neat little set, and may order an extra one to pack away for travel. My paints came very quickly...excellent service. WILL buy from them again. Plus, the price can't be beat. I have seen the bigger sets....24,I believe, for almost $50.00,in stores."
This is a perfect kit for travel. I also bought it as a starter set for my nephew. The color quality is excellent. Wonderful for art journaling.
"Love this product! Came quickly. The colors are bright, even comes with a water brush and sponge in the kit. I am ready to sketch on the go!"
"I came across this neat little paintbox, and bought 2! I do not know if I will use the H2O brush included, or my own,but I really like the style of this kit alot!  Lovely color cakes in a broad range, plus it's tiny size makes it perfect for travel around town, or cross country! Nowadays with travel restrictions, this will work perfectly for the on the go artist. I look forward to taking mine along on our next cross country trek! Truthfully, it is all you need besides a good quality H2O pad. I recommend a Moleskine, like the other reviewers did. Painting has never been easier! Whether you are an utter novice like me, or a professional, get this!"
"I bought the 24 color set because although I limit the color in each a painting I like a choice of colors. The colors are clear and crisp and blend well.

 I also love the water brush that came with the set, perfect for painting outside without having to worry about carrying a water bottle and spills.

 The box has a pallet that can attach in different ways, great for a lefty like me.  Also the box has a nifty ring in the bottom that keeps you from dropping it when you are painting and holding it with one hand, and it has room to place a small watercolor block or paper in the front. I'm enjoying this set so much, especially for outdoor painting."
"This kit is very handy to take along in my purse or pocket.  The colors are vibrant, and the brush is good as well.  I'd definitely recommend this kit for on the go sketching."
This little watercolor set is compact but carries a wide range of vivid colors.  The brush with reservoir is wonderful and easy to use and clean.
"I love the Koi Watercolor Sketch Box! It is my paint of choice. The colors are rich and saturated, and they last a long time. I have painted perhaps 75 to 100 paintings with the original box I purchased and it's still going strong. The silly brush they include is useless, but the paints themselves  are fantastic! Can't recommend this product highly enough."
"I love this little thing! It feels sturdy, the ring on the bottom makes it super handy, the colors are to die for! Not at all chalky, before I even used it I could dent the paints with my fingernail! You can use the lid as an easel for a 6x4 inch piece of paper. The waterbrush it genius!
Here are the colors:

Chinese White
Lemon Yellow
Aureoline Hue
Permanent Yellow Deep
Permanent Orange
Jaune Brilliant
Vermillion Hue
Cadmium Red Hue
Crimson Lake
Quinacridone Rose
Purple
Cobalt Blue Hue
Cerulean Blue
Ultramarine
Prussian Blue
Yellow Green
Viridian Hue
Permanent Green Deep
Olive Green
Yellow Ochre
Light Red
Burnt Umber
Payne's Grey
Ivory Black"
"I purchased these brushes as cheaper replacements for my Pentel brand water brush. While they are fine and work alright, they are nowhere near the quality of water brush I would like to own. The water is difficult to expel from the handle. Squeezing doesn't release any liquid and sometimes my brush tip gets dry while there is still pigment on it, ruining whatever I'm doing. Considering these were just meant to be for watercolor sketching and not real paintings, this can be fixed enough not to ruin my picture, but it really upsets me that I can't control water flow.

I would purchase these water brushes again if I had no other option. The brushes still beat lugging around my old inflatable water bucket and my plastic collapsible cup, but they're not as good as the Pentel brushes."
In simple terms? The watercolors are in a simple and small carrying case excellent for travel. You can mix the colors on the lid side of carrier and it fits perfectly in my backpack. I would recommended for beginners of all ages.
"Bought it from my local art store(Not Micheal's) this summer and I have to say although I don't use it much if I'm home on the go or at a coffee shop this, some watercolor cakes and water color sketch pad and I'm set. I dig the design the water reservoir totally works great and the design seems so simple enough I can't believe more companies aren't ripping these guys off."
Love not having to dip my brush. Fun to work with. Good price.
Sturdy case. Surprisingly pigmented. Not thrilled with the waterbrush but it fits nicely into the case so its nice to travel with (just don't lose that little black plug).
"Vibrant colors, handy case, fun brush. Will definitely be back for more!"
Very compact and useful little set.
This is a great watercolor set with a great price. Ive used the smaller sets in the past and this larger one was just as good if not better. The colors are pigmented and the pallet has an ergonomic design for mixing colors and holding the box in your hand. Highly reccomended and deeply loved. Will be getting the 48 set in the future !
LOVE THEM!!!!!  So much fun and easy to travel with but have to make sure pans aren't to wet when you pack up (spillage).
Definitely a student grade paint but not bad
"I love these Sakura paints, that being said, I feel cheated with this set. My previous set had 24 paints, but was stolen, so I decided to purchase the 30 because it comes in the same size travel box with more colors. I was really excited when the box came in the mail, but pretty disappointed to find that each color has about half the paint there used to be in each.

Of course that's an easy way for a company to make more money, but not a way to make more customers, or to keep the ones you already have. Per the last product I had, and the photo of the product I ordered, I feel cheated. The paints should be flush with the top, but they're not even close. Needless to say, I'll be using up these faster and possibly going elsewhere for my next set.
In the photo you can see the original 24 set on the right that I purchased for a friend, on the left is the new 30 set with visibly much less paint in each space.
Disappointed customer, Sakura."
Favorite watercolors ever!!!
"Quite pigmented which is nice. Only downside is that its quite opaque in comparison to other watercolors I've owned. Water pen/brush works alright, self feeds quickly though."
