"is ok, is not a cheap option of winston and new. but is good for travel
All way I don t have any complane about the service of Amazon is fantastic!"
My car was broken into and my field water color kit was stolen.  I looked EVERYWHERE for a replacement and was reconciled to the fact that I'd never find another little Cotman - when there it was on Amazon!  Thanks!
Nice and compact
"Perfect watercolor set to take on the go or even to use as your primary palette. I originally ordered this to be a travel art palette, but I liked it so much I began using it for all of my painting even if I was at home. I love that it is so small and compact, and the watercolor pigment paints beautifully. I'm sure I will buy again."
Its small and very great quality pigments. I really enjoy this tiny pallet. Note:it really is tiny
This is a nice little water color set. I especially love the removable tray. Make sure you dab a little water on the underside of the paint blocks and allow to dry before taking this kit anywhere otherwise the paints will fall out.
"I'm starting out on watercolors and I'm so glad that I purchased this set. I do believe that I'd like to buy professional quality watercolors in the future because of this palette. The palette includes one warm and one cool version of yellow, red, blue, and green; as well as 3 browns and a white. I have already left a dent in my paints because I cant stop using this beautiful little palette. Already bought my cousin and my aunt the same set because they loved mine so much. (:"
"I won an art prize in 8th grade in 1996 and got a set of these. They are still going strong 22 years later as a travel set. I just bought my mom, who loves to paint, a set of these because she always borrowed mine when she travelled. Great product."
WOW!! Who knew you could get so much in such a small pack.  This was a gift to me from a friend and I treasure it.  I have used it several times and it truly does the job.  Fits in a pocket or my purse easily.  All this and the paint quality of Winsor &  Newton included.  I highly recommend this product if you like to art journal or work outdoors.
"The colors may or may not be exactly what you want (I wish it came with Payne's Gray) but, you can easily swap out the half pans for colors you prefer.  The pigments are strong, and the paint mixes easily.  The included brush is usable, but tiny.  (You're probably going to want to rubber band a water brush to it for field painting.)  Finally, this truly is a pocket sized set.  It would easily fit in a clutch purse."
A little smal
Colors are nice but the pans are so tiny... I had no idea the actual paints were so tiny in these little containers... its more like a sample size.
"I love this set of watercolor paints... I take them to work with me so I can paint on my breaks. Theyre very convenient... I love the fancy little brush that came with it. Its actually the brush I use the most.
Im submitting a pic that is a work in progress.. I couldn't wait to share my thoughts on this set! Colors are beautiful and vibrant...
I would def buy this again"
"Very nice set, actually, but I had to spend at least an hour unwrapping each individual color.  However, the colors had a very nice intensity and a very good box for mixing colors."
Love the set overall. Wish the pans were larger... should have opted for full pans. Like the vibrancy of colors and many mixing areas. Case is difficult to open. Wish colors were labelled on a separate card.. instead of individually wrapped in cellophane.
I ordered this product for my daughter but instead I got a bottle of pills
"4/5 because the set comes with two blue colors that are almost exactly the same. You can swatch a lot of colors, but because you get a white and 2 blues that are basically the same, the set really has more like 10 colors rather than the listed 12. This is a very good set for me because I wanted to get into doing watercolor illustrations and I draw on smaller pieces of paper. I do not think that I would have purchased this set if I was working on larger paper - if you're going to be using a lot of paints it's really better to just buy large tubes of your primaries and then just mix colors on your own.

Overall this set is nice, but the sending the set out with two blue colors that are almost the same is kind of lame."
"I love them they were a lit bit smaller than I expected, but honestly they are watercolors and you don't  need a lot of paint for then to get really pigmented so overall they are just perfect."
Tiny box of paints.
The pocket size is literal to the name. It was smaller than expected but still quality paints. Comes with a small brush
"Very sturdy.  Easy to open and close, though is sealed well.  This is so easy to put in my bag and pull out on a lunch break with my small sketch pad.  I use one of those refillable watercolor brush/pens which you fill with water, and I'm good to go.  Will definitely buy more of the paints to fill another pan/box."
A perfect little container for slipping into a pocket or travel bag.  Well made and constructed and refillable with the best watercolour paints.
Awesome little set
My favorite water color kits.  I prefer pans to tubes or liquid watercolor.  This set is perfect for grab and go.  But it has enough of a selection to be all you need at home or studio to mix gorgeous colors.  You can even use this as a filler set to replace empty pans in another Winsor & Newton set.
"Love this cute travel size paint kit, brush included!  Nice paints with good choice of colors being able to mix to make new colors. And what about the price!  Great little gift to give, especially for that new beginner painter!"
"The watercolor cakes have a tendency to pop out or stick to the lid and the brush is just tiny. Beyond these concerns, I have no issue painting with this set. I've found that adding a little bit of water keeps the cakes in place, and I've gotten used to carrying along a bigger brush."
I got these because Ive heard great things from the brand. The colors are decent enough and easy to work with. The case can be a bit hard to open and having to take the colors out to indivially unwrap them was time consuming but necessary. The color blocks were a lot smaller than I was expecting but a little color goes a long way.
Didn't realize that it would be so small.  My daughter still liked it though.
"I love the compact size of this item. As a frame of reference it's just a smidge smaller than my iPhone X. The paints are a brand I trust and love. My only CON or thing I would do different is packaging. It felt like a lot of work opening each paint cube, but I like that they can be easily replaced too."
i love these water colors they are a pleasure to work with they are very beautiful
Its volume exceeds your imagination and it is too mini.
I absolutely love this little painting kit. It dries very fast and is perfect for fast sketches while at the coffee shop or while hiking. I love this kit!
Excellent paints and amount of colors for the price. I love Winsor and Newton and this box is no exception.
"These are great little student grade Watercolor paint boxes. And since they were on sale, they made terrific gifts for kids and adults as well
You can also replace the paint with artist quality paint. The size is great, especially for paint on the go."
Granddaughter loves it.
"The colors on this palette are beautiful and fun to experiment with. I'd suggest getting another paint brush to use as the one it comes with is very small, it gets a bit annoying to use."
"Very select colors for travels. Non-granulated, dries slower, very pigmented. Buy your own brush set. The brush that comes with it isn't suitable for a wash or painting long spaces. I recommend buying a larger set."
Such a nice set of watercolors. Lots of colors and a wonderful travel case. Love it.
"Very small, fits right in a front pocket making it very portable. The colors are vibrant. Nice product if you are looking for a small portable set."
Was honestly smaller than I initially thought but that means portability. The tray is nice too and the small brush is cool. I'd recommend this to anyone who is starting out.
These are BEAUTIFUL. So highly pigmented. You don't need much for an awesome result.
I purchased as a gift for someone and she loves it.
"Beware! Color might be off. My alizarin crimson came look weird so I purchased another single tube and here is the comparison. The bad one has an orange hue while the correct crimson is more pink. The difference is very subtle but it will have a more noticeable effect when you try to mix color. I am new to watercolor so I don't really know what cause the paint to be off. But it is really bothering me because crimson is a primary color and I use it all the time....
Also the description says it comes with a #5 brush but it actually came with #3 brush....
Otherwise the case is pretty convenient for me to bring to class and such."
Bought as a present for a budding artist (13 years old). Greatly appreciated and excellent results/ colors.
Loved it.
received defective
"Just as expected. I am loving this set and feel like it was a great choice for me, a beginner at watercolor."
"Winsor & Newton Cotman Water Color Palette Set

Bought for me as a gift in 2016, highly recommend the paints and brush, I use them all the time.
My biggest problem with this set is that the palettes were flimsy, thin plastic that came broken.
I immediately threw them away.
Don't buy this palette set if you're looking for nice hard plastic palettes that will last you."
"I recently had bought the Winsor & Newton Cotman Brush Pen Set for my birthday last month and so far I had encounter some problems but overall I really liked this paint set.
PROS:
Color Selection are great for mixing! I tend to mix pastel, bright or warm colors for my drawings and there wasn't any color which I felt was either unnecesarry or bad.
Good for Traveling, The size of this set easily fits into the small compartment infront of my bag! With a water brush and tissue paper you can easily paint your sketch and clean the paint on the mixing well with the tissue paper.
The Design of the set makes it so that the mixing wells stays flat while the paint is tilted forward to face you which makes it easier to see the paint when your using the paint set.
Removable Pans the pans are removable so if you dislike some colors or want to refill the empty pan you can easily switch it out.
CONS:
The Brush Pen broke after I had only use it for a while. The stuff that was holding the brush in place broke off while I painting which ended up pushing the brush tip inside and I couldn't fix due to the brush pen's design.
The Pans easily falls out of the palette but this is easily fixable with some blue tack.

Overall, I really like the design and quality of the paint set but I do think that you should switch out the brush pen with a better quality brush pen or a travel brush, which is saddening to hear as the paint set is called the ""brush pen set"" I would recommend this set to students and beginners who want to paint while traveling."
"The compact case is built of a sturdy hard plastic casing. It looks small but the colors are more than enough and I like that I can just purchase the individual half pans when I'm out of a color. The pigments themselves are amazing.
The brush I thought would be too small but I have so much precision and control that I didn't really think about it after I used it and you can just feel the quality from the handle to the brush tip.
I can't wait to go on a little field trip and paint some flora."
"Great quality. The plastic box is so tiny and the quality of the water color blocks are really good and saturates well. With one layer you know the color matches and multiple layers it just darkens. The pigment easily tacks onto the brush. I use separate brushes and not the one little metal one it comes with, but even that brush is good quality. It's a really good kit. Would buy again if I needed to."
"The colors are beautiful and the tray is amazing, very recommended."
Works amazingly for a beginner like me!
By far one of my favorite watercolor sets. Affordable for a college student. Will buy again!!!
Love This paint would definitely but it again.
"Great set, worth the price. I also like that you can swap out the trays for colors you could want to travel with. Would purchase again."
Still to receive as a present
I bought these to learn with and I'm very happy with them.
Decent watercolors for a decent price. I recently began taking watercolor classes and its perfect for the ocassion. They have an overall nice pigment and if you need other colors you can easily blend them to find the correct shade. For a begginer like me they are great and compact. If you are more advanced I would recommend you trying out other high-end brands.
Vibrant colors!!!
These watercolors are awesome. Unwrapping each pan was fun but the colors can fall out of the pan sup be careful.  The case is a bit bulky and it gets heavy when you fill the water bottle up but for the convenience and tge quality of colors it worth it.
Wish it had black and was a little bigger.
"Product arrived from seller, but I love Cotman Watercolours that I bought from another seller. They are smooth and in my opinion the most pigmented of any student quality watercolour I have tried."
perfect
I got the small travel size of 12 colors. There great and the small brush works great for details.
Best watercolor ever
Nice set of student watercolors.  Brush pen is just ok but needs to be emptied before storing.  Colors are smooth and creamy and activate easily.  Great for a portable sketch kit.
I travel a lot and unfortunately cant being all my supplies. This pocket sized kit is perfect! I cannot believe the price for all of the product. The tiny brush and pigment are great! For Christmas Im making travel art kits for my crafty family members and these are going in them. Great product!!
They are ok but is hard to really know the colors pigments are really dark not my favorite palette
"So far, so good!!"
very good goods clear color..I love it
"I wanted to try my hand at watercolors and didn't want to spend a fortune on colors. A friend recommended this brand and its fantastic! The colors are rich, the product is a good size and the price is right. I would definitely recommend!"
Best brand. Dont look to any other watercolour paints. Perfect little size to take it anywhere you want. Arrived in great condition!
"A nice size for portability and good range of colors. Unfortunately, the one I received was defective in that the bottle had a hole in it. I've returned for a replacement and am awaiting the replacement. Had it not been defective, I would have enjoyed using it right away as it is a good size for travel and the color range is great and the palette is also appropriately sized and divided. It is small and the water bottle and cups are proportionately sized, but again - it is a travel set so it works for everyday use."
Great
Great quality paint for a good price
I like the paints.  they are easy to use.  The colors are limited.  The colors I need for landscapes are not there so I am mixing and mixing trying to get the right hue.  Not so good.  They have a nice texture.  They are also very portable.
These are amazing! I want to get more colors! Love it!
"Perfect travel set with awesome colors.  Many of my favorite colors for painting quick sketches on-the-go.  I have most, if not all, of these colors in tubes, so it will be simple to replenish when I need to.  The palette lid is pretty handy, as well.  I find I need a larger sized Round than the brush that came with the set, which works well for small detail on my postcard-sized sketches.  I bought good quality sable 4 and 6 round travel brushes for the main work."
gosh W&N are the best stuff i don't have to write a review cause everything they do works amazing
I can even explain how useful and amazing theses are.
Love this product
Smaller than I expected but it's a great travel size. I love it so much.
I don't find any lack of vibrancy in these colors. I don't know how they will hold up to the test of time but for my use these will go a very long way.
Good little box to expand passed cheap watercolor colors were fine perfect pocket size
"I did two paintings (5x7) so far and it seems like I didn't use a lot the cake. I feel like I will be able to do a lot more paintings with this itty bitty set. The size of the pan set is small... it is as big as ones extended hand (a little over, actually). I wish it had a black pan so I could achieve darker colors but the colors that are provided are quite nice and vibrant. I've tried countless cheap watercolors and this one is the most satisfying one I've used thus far. Cleaning up palettes is very easy too... just rinse for a couple of seconds and wipe with a paper towel. I recommend this set for beginners like myself... do not get the 5$ watercolors because more than likely your paintings will be chalky after drying... I know this from experience, you will suffer trying to clean up the paint from palettes as well."
"I bring this watercolor kit with me EVERYWHERE!!!! It's so small and the little brush that comes with it is awesome! I can fit my Isabey Travel Brush in the brush slot, but it's a bit of a right fit! ABSOLUTELY recommend this kit to beginners or for traveling artists :)"
Even though the pocket sketcher's box is very small the pigment is very strong and easy to use. I highly recommend this set if you want to try higher quality paints without having to make a huge investment. The travel size is a great feature too. The brush that comes with is great to use too.
Great little travel set! The brush is easy to use and doesn't make a mess. Quality Product!
As expected.
"I love these so much,  buying the tubes and putting them in its own pallet is way worth it.  This is my absolute favorite paint brand,  i've tried so many other brands before but none of them have worked so nicely as these,  i'm in love ."
"Great set of watercolors. Recommended. But it does NOT bring color ""black""."
Love it...my travel paints
I was amazed at how much I could do with this palette considering how small it is. The colors are vibrant and blend beautifully. Im obsessed.
"I thought it was going to be bigger but it's as big as my hand. Anyways, Winsor and Newton is one of the best brands out there for watercolors..."
"Great price and great paints. Our watercolor instructor (professional painter) told us that the Cotman series of Watercolor, (per an X Winsor Newton employee, was the same grade as the professional grade series, but with different packaging).  I actually bought these in conjunction with the Winsor & Newton Cotman Water Colour Compact so that mixing pans in the compact could be used for mixing and storage in the event there was some dried unused tube paints.
(NOTE:  Regarding price, . . . I purchased in Nov. 2017 when they were $20.87)"
My friend said that very niceshe very love it.
"Watercolors were good , brush not so great."
"This is the cutest little paint set! The shipping cost an arm and a leg, but this product is worth it. I love the mini paintbrush and the gorgeous little, removable paint pans. The only things that bug me are that some of the paints stain the cover/palette, and it doesn't come with a black.
Again, beautiful paint with great quality."
The paints are great.  They work well and blend nicely.  They are easily carried. Only issue was smaller portion than expected
"This is the 5th purchase of Windsor & Newton paints. The teenagers love this set.  Its very portable and easy to take with us to paint outdoors.

If you want to encourage watercolor painting with kids this is a perfect set to start with.

Colors are bright not muted and easy to mix.  The trays are perfect to mix paint when your on a location or just at home.

Im able to teach them simple techniqes just with this set."
"Came on time, but the box was a total mess. Inside seems fine, but the box looks like it is old and used. Somewhat disappointed."
I bought this for my daughter and she loves it
Great for beginners like me.
Really small
I love this nice selection of watercolors. Can be intense or very soft. I am loving learning watercolors with this set.
I just got this watercolor today! Can't wait to try it soon! The paint and container look really professional. I'm so happy I bought it!
the individual colors don't stay in their holders and they stick to the top after wet...
Great price and delivery is fast! The colors are vivid and beautiful. You get three types of yellows and two types of blues. There's also a brown and a copper. I do wish I could've switched the white color for a black but it was no big deal. Price is great!
Great little paint set! You can mix and make so many colors from this set.
"I love these watercolors! The pigment is so vibrant, and it is small enough to carry in my pocket. I also bought one for my friend's birthday, and she uses it all the time. Would recommend."
"Yeees, more than satisfied "
"These watercolors are undeniably good, especially for those who don't want to spend the extra money on a ""pro"" set with less fillers, pure pigments, and toxic pigments.

Some colors are more opaque than others, which suits my style, which is why my swatches are so dark. The orange color, 3rd down in the first row, is particularly translucent and was difficult to get that ""punch"". Opposite, the yellow ochre, first on the 3rd row, seemed more opaque.

Should you spend more on a tiny set or buy something else marketed as student grade? I'd say this set is a perfect, truly pocket sized option for anyone who isn't terrible at watercolor, but is still a beginner.

The brush arrived splayed, but was fixed with the addition of water.

Overall, this is a nifty little set. Good pigment, good colors, and the brush that's included certainly isn't bad.

All opinions are my own and I did not receive the set for free for my review. I paid for 100% of this and as a result, my opinions are 100% honest."
"When I first received my Cotman set there were two of Sap Greens and it was missing the darker green color pan. Amazon sent me a replacement a week later and I have loved this set. Other reviewers have also mentioned the size of the palette but I just had no idea how tiny it was. Its actually pretty cute and fits in the palm of my hand. I posted a photo of it next to a standard stapler and a quarter for comparison.

I primarily use it for cardmaking and find the colors very easy to blend when making backgrounds. The colors mix very well together also.

The one thing I did not care for was the brush pen. The flow of water is too heavy even when I don't squeeze the pen at all. Its too hard to control and impossible to use for small detailed areas."
"Impossible to open the case. So frustrating.  I used my fingernail, coin, screwdriver. When opened it doesnt lay flat so wobbles back and forth. Takes time to get wrapping off of each tiny paint cube. Then takes more time to place in each compartment so they lay flat. Its definitely small enough to travel with. Id suggest getting a bigger one. This was a disappointing purchase."
"Excellent product, nice pigments."
Very very good set- colors are saturated and easy to work with. Super transportable which is a huge plus. Only thing is you have to be careful not to knock it over while open the actual colors are loose and will fall out. Kinda lost track of where which one goes since I accidentally shoved them off a table twice but clearly they are very sturdy and will hold up against the abuse. No crumbling or flaking.
These were gifts
this paint is SO NICE. it's hard to resist using it at home in place of my normal water colors. so blendable. lovely set of colors.
"This is my second set of W&N watercolors. I like the removable palettes and they are plenty big enough for mixing colors. It's the perfect traveling size. It's made with a thick, durable, and sturdy plastic. Good selection of colors. The paints are small, but the quality of color makes them plentiful.  For the quality of paints, it's worth the money."
These are wonderful paints!
"As you can see from the attached pictures most of the colors have been opened, and if you look closely a few even have dents from being used. Im obviously quite disappointed that I bought a used product."
Beautiful colors!
Good value for quality student grade paint.
"In love my new favorite watercolor paint, super compact but plenty big enough case."
Very nice colors. Little amount. But last long enough for me to draw many paintings
love it.
"My pocket Plus version doesnt close. It's really annoying. The top just keeps swinging shut, and the water colors just won't lay open flat. The lid just keeps bouncing forward and even if I try to hold it down and slwoly lift my finger, it wants to keep moving. Not going to be convenient at all when trying to paint, and will be really awful if theres water on the pans under the lid and it suddenly swings and pours colors all over the pan. Really confused and can't seem to contact a seller."
"<div id=""video-block-R21EVAAS5S283V"" class=""a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block""></div><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/B1abjPIK0sS.mp4"" class=""video-url""><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/71sattK-ilS.png"" class=""video-slate-img-url"">&nbsp;I was so excited to get this. But when I opened the package..the box was already opened and the paint brush was missing. I'm still happy though and can't wait to use all the colors. Would be nice if I got the paint brush."
Wow such smooth and vibrant colors!!! They are definitely worth it!!!
A nice paint pallet for studio or remote use.
"Small and compact, fits in a pocket. Very useful and easy to customise."
as expected. not at all chalky. here is some work ive done with them.
"This product is much, much smaller than it appears. It is smaller than my cell phone and the brush is actually in two pieces and requires ""assembly"" because the paint box is just that small. The tiny packages of paint are doll-sized and impossible to open."
The paints are amazing but the water brush was horrible it leaked all over my paintings I would definitely recommend the Pentel water brush to use with these
"Wonderful beginners kit! I use it every week! YES it sucks to open all the mini package and fit them into the slots, took me about an hour, but it's worth it. Put a drop of water in each try before inserting the color block and they won't fall out."
Great compact watercolor set to use with urban sketchbook or visual journal.
"Delivered in good condition, bought it for my wife she loved it too. She has not used it yet but expecting it will be a good experience. Specially the pigments of this brand.
I had ordered few items along with this one but the box was open when it was delivered."
"I used to have the same watercolor and this is a good a price. I love them, are real professional watercolor!"
"Order: ""Winsor & Newton Cotman Water Colour Sketchers Pocket Box""

The paints were authentic and the size of the pocket box was just perfect.
Colored included are: Lemon Yellow, Cadmium Yellow, Cadmium Red Pale Hue, Crimson Alizarin, Ultramarine, Intense Blue,  Emerald Green, Sap Green, Yellow Ochre, Burnt Sienna, Burnt Umber, China White.

This in combination with the Pentel Water Brush makes a great travel paint kit!"
Good beginning palette
I'm a beginner but an artist friend of mine recommended this brand and so far the paint set has worked really well! I love that everything is in one kit and there's space to mix colors and play with consistency.
"Pretty decent quality. I still prefer professional over Cotman, but the color payout is great for the price. My only qualm is with the Lemon Yellow Hue; it is far less pigmented and rich than the other colors (because its a hue), and I have used better Lemon Yellow Hues from other brands that are by no means as high esteemed as Windsor & Newton. Hence the 4 stars.

But the quantity of paint is quite good and I believe this will last me awhile, even though Ive been using it to paint 11x14 paintings, rather than solely as a travel kit."
"These are amazing and perfect for any beginner! The colors are beautiful and vibrant. An easy tip to fix highly saturated colours is by adding more water to it! I recommend using these with the Pentel aqua brushes for the best result! Check out my blog elysianartiste.wordpress.com for more art tips and for photography and poetry!
Ciao,
Ava
(using my mum's account)"
"I like the quality of the case and of the paints.  The reason for a 4 star rating (I almost gave it 3, but the case is too good quality to rate lower) is because this set, and no other that I could fine, comes with even one Primary Color.  To me, even as a beginner seems either greedy or stupid.  I can't decide which.  It would be perfect if it had primary colors in it.  Even if they gave the option to pay a little more for the one with them in it,  I would have chosen to pay more and gotten the one with primary colors."
"As everyone has said, these are lovely colors and I love how compact it is. What I was not prepared for is that the color ""blocks"" and their pans are not travel friendly at first. I am guessing with time they will mesh together but I was disappointed to find this out after I got it."
"Winsor & Newton is my go-to for watercolors. I thought that the price was crazy for this little kit-so cheap! It sells for about $10 more at my local art store. I'm so glad I finally purchased this little travel kit...it's so useful, and I LOVE IT."
This set is exactly what I was after for a month long trip overseas. I wanted to take paint in the easiest format. Colors are great and I found working with them to be very easy. Thrilled with my purchase.
The real deal.
My daughter loves it
"Love the color selection! I just wish there were also a black included. The brush included is very small and handy, perfect for small details. I haven't mixed any yet but the singular paints all lay down very nicely and flow well. Very pigmented and smooth as well. I saw a lot of concerns before purchasing this, that the paints themselves fell out of the pans, but once the paints are used more, they will basically adhere to the pans, so that didn't bother me. Overall, a very good set for travel and at home watercolor. Will definitely buy the bigger set when I run out of these!"
Just received it. Exactly as I expected. No problems.
"I am a watercolor student and self taught so far.  That said, these are wonderful student grade paints, and much better than the previous brand I tried. They blend well, and are made from 1 or 2 pigments. (two of the twelve were from three pigments)  They are beautiful, and I like the water brush.  The water brush is just fine for sketching, but if you want detail work you will need regular brushes.  It's small and very portable.  I did two 5*7 watercolor paintings while only filling the brush once.  I was able to get the set on sale somewhere else for $15, so well worth the money.  These half pans will last a while and really are wonderful.  This is just a very quick 5*7 picture I did in ink and these watercolors.  I only used 4 colors and I really could have gotten away with 3."
"I've been looking for years for a travel watercolor kit.  I bring my own travel brush, rag and handmade journal (I make them out of Arches paper).  I sewed a small cotton shoulder bag to make everything easy to carry.

Pros:  has water bottle and small water containers, Winsor Newton (will replace with professional paints when these run out), good choice of colors, vibrant colors (surprised because it's Cotman), all the mixing areas/trays.

Cons: VERY small brush and for me it's unusable (area is narrow so my replacement travel brush does not fit), paints pop out (so added water to the pans then placed the paint back in the pans and that did the trick), depth doesn't make it easy to fit into pockets/purse, took me a while to figure out that I needed to remove/replace the water bottle when everything is closed.

Overall, I'm happy and would recommend."
I bought this as a gift for a friend and they loved it! It's a little small but the paints are super high-quality and it's super convenient to take anywhere.
"These are great.  I have one myself that has lasted me a long time for traveling.  Hard paints, but with a little water, they're the same right W&N that you'd expect.  Let the pan sit in the sun for a few minutes before you close it up and you'll have so problems."
really nice colors.
"Very happy with the 24 palette color range, the pigmentation, and overall quality of this nifty paint set.  The paint mixes well and glides on smooth, and the case is solid.  Inside the case (on the underside of the lid) are 2 removable palettes which have proven very handy.  The brush is also decent quality and versatile.  So handy, I find myself reaching for this paint set often.  So glad I purchased this!  Have posted a few of the (many) pictures I have painted using this Winsor & Newton Cotman Water Color Pocket paint set."
"items came as described my daughter loves it , will recommend and re-purchase from seller"
"as described, my daughter loves it, good starter set, may re-purchase..."
I would say this is probably the best color pocket on the market with this price tag..
SMALLER THAN YOU THINK
I was very pleased with my purchase of Windsor and Newton watercolors. The box size is excellent
"These paints are great quality for the money! I love the size of the palette. Its perfect for travel.
I wish they included a black color, but you can buy refills."
Smaller than I expected but its actually a very cute little set and work outstandingly well!!!
"Very good water colors, which gives a rich pigment. I use Canson watercolor paper. I love it"
Best for traveling
LOVE IT!
I love the paints! Very pigmented! But I don't like all the colors. It should have some paines grey and sepia instead of the white and maybe one of the other colors. White shouldnt even exist in watercolor. It does nothing.
I've been using a set I bought in 2015 and I couldn't be more pleased. Not a single one has dried out or separated. I recommend this brand and all their products.
This little set is all I need for trips.  The colors are very adequate though not the quality of W&N artist grade I like them all the same.
Compact and with the waist strap I can just wear it like a hip bag and travel hands free.  It is very light weight and contains all I need to do watercolor sketches.  Ideal to keep in my car ready to go at a moments notice. Equally ideal to take on vacations or business trips.
Worth the extra expense to get the Deluxe set. Great extended color collection. High quality as expected. Recommend this selection over the Sketchers set.
"I love the compact size and great paints, but not much for the quality of the brush. It is very stiff and not able to hold much of paints."
Excellent product!! Just the perfect size and the quality is awesome!!
"This is a VERY compact water color kit. I think it's great for traveling and each color packet comes wrapped in plastic. The colors are vibrant. The little brush, which I probably won't use, has a thin tip and is travel friendly. I'm new to water colors and I think this is a great kit for anyone who is starting out. It would also be a great stocking stuffer for a child. I would definitely buy this again."
excellent and it last a bit longer than a lot of others
"I got the watercolor pocket plus set, which includes 12 mini paints, with each set of 4 being removable via a plastic tray that hooks into the case.

While this was sorta annoying to set up at first (have to unwrap and balance in 12 little thingies) and the case for me at least doesn't stay open well without tape (immediately knocked out all the paints after unwrapping and setting them all trying to use a rubber band to keep it open - this was a bad idea, hah), I LOVE this little set and it is perfect for me.  The quality of paints is excellent, the two trays are small and convenient, perfect for my limited space, and I love the little paint brush it came with.

The case & trays snap back into place oh so nicely, so the only thing that moves at all is the paint trays within their little homes.  It is very convenient and will be oh-so-portable portable once I have painted a few more ""masterpieces"" and the paints are glued into their pans.

If I find myself wanting a different or other pocket set I will certainly buy within this line.  In addition any actual paint pans and probably brushes are going to be the cotman line.  For the price it is really so nice.  I am a hobbyist getting back to my previous passions and have worked with garbage quality paints to the highest end options and as I work my way back up from a beginner, I feel for watercolors these will likely meet my needs indefinitely."
"People used to advice me not to spend money on cheap watercolor sets and invest a little more in a high quality one. Well, they were sooooo right. These are the most pigmented watercolor Ive ever tried! The set is really comfortable to use and convenient to carry in your purse or bag, which is awesome for taking it to a trip.
Also, the small brush that comes in is really good, high quality with soft bristles and a round point, perfect for sketching, lettering or making a final art.
It also has a small water container which I haven't used but I think is really convenient when taking the set outside.
The colors included are just the perfect selection. A very simple range of colors to have a versatile palette"
"I love this set so much, the colors are so pigmented and smooth. They are also very blendable. I have included an image of the swatches both dark and light."
"I have the Deluxe Sketchers Pocket box which comes with 16 paints in a wonderful variety of colors. Of the three watercolor sets I have had, these paints are truly superior. The color and texture is impressive. The issue I have that gave this item three stars is the really lousy format inside the box. The separators are flimsy and fall or pop out constantly and putting them back into place is fussy. They bend even if they don't pop out so that the individual paints cannot stay in place. I will definitely buy this brand of paints again but never in this pocket boys format."
"Lovely kit, very nice. And great quality. But the colors available are a bit off."
I always love this watercolor brand from Winsor and Newton. Great quality and love the watercolor set.
"When they say pocket size, they really mean pocket size. The paints are really small but seem to have enough pigment to last a while. Bought these for my sister and she loves trying out new shades with them."
Great little travel set.
Great travel and journal watercolor set.
I am a beginner and this is the best watercolor paint I have used yet.  Love the colors.  They are bright and vibrant.
"Amazing, Amazing, Amazing. Everyone who sees me with it, asks me about what, where, and how I got it. Its so cute and the pigment is just right"
"The colors individually are fun to work with, vivid and come in a nice nifty case.
Unfortunately, the paints fall out very easily from the carrying case and the colors don't mix all that well."
"We love these and have bought four sets for our kids so far. This is a great little pallet although, I confess I HATE that they included white. That aside, the watercolors are rich and provide for great mixing, and dry brushing."
"Small and great for a beginner such as myself, to get a grasp on how to work with watercolors. They look great and work very well."
Arrived very fast.very pleased with item
Love these!  Colors are rich and vibrant.  Size is convenient and great for travel.  I carry them everywhere I go in my bag.
Love this watercolor set! Purchased a second one for my daughter.
I loved this set so much I bought the larger set too! And then bought a 24 pan st for my daughter !!! 
"This is my first water color set in a long long time. I love it tho ,its so easy to use and i love that its compact."
Doesn't come with a black which doesn't make any sense at all to me.
good
"I recently got into watercolor painting.  After reading tons of reviews, I got the W&N Cotman water color pocket 24 set as they were recommended as good student grade paints.  I love them!  They're quality paints and the case is very portable.  As other reviewers have mentioned, the paint cakes do fall out of the pans, especially when they're new.  I got a used product from Amazon Warehouse deals but it looked brand new to me and nothing was opened.  It works well for my needs.  I would recommend this for beginners and hobbyists."
good
"I really enjoy this little travel set.
I wanted something more compact for doodles on the go.
it is smaller than those phones everyone carries, so it really can fit in your pocket or bag.
Comes with a travel brush as well, I bring my own along for preference, but travel brush is really not a bad little brush.

I like how you can switch out the cartriges in this set to anything you want or replace them when it runs out.
only bad thing is if it falls, is knocked around,  when its open the pieces fall out easily ><
So if it falls it will take you a bit to pick it back up and put them all back in order. my first water color set like this- most of the ones that are not tubes don't come out of the container that easily so if it's knocked over or spills you just need to worry about water clean up."
So so
Worth it
Disappointed in the colors and like of pigment . I would never suggest this purchase to anyone.
Good price - good product
"As recommended by my art teacher, I'm looking forward to using it."
work beautifully
Perfect for my travel journaling in watercolor students here on Long Island! Very compact
"I knew it is small, but this is super small. Haha.. but It is good for with trip"
Im only a begginer but I can def see a difference between these and what I currently use.
Very nice quality paints.  I need to get all the other colors!
Love this.
"We use this primary for dry brush technique, and the colors are vivid, the pocket size is great for taking places to do nature journaling.  The little paintbrush that comes with it is very fine - good for tiny details."
Love the colors! Amazing.
"Great set, better then your average paints."
Very pretty and easy to blend
Great quality
Love these...I'm used to oil painting but these are helping me transition to water color because of the rich consistency
Simply of small box of nice watercolor cubes that makes it a snap to enjoy watercoloring on a smaller scale.
"Finally got to play with this, what a nice little set. Very happy with this purchase"
great thank you
These watercolors are amazing and extremely pigmented. I use them in my high school ap art class and I just adore them!
"The paint is OK. The color choices are a bit weird to me - I got cobalt blue and ultramarine, which are very close blues. I wish one of them is Prussian blue. The two yellows are too similar too.

The palette box won't lay flat on itself, so you have to hold it somehow, and that did not work out in a outdoor sketching scenario for me.

The size 5 portable brush looks nice, but somehow does not compare with Cotman brushes that I got separately. Brush does not come to a point, and the hair bend too easily from where it connects to the handle.

I wish I got the smaller sketcher pocket box version. I end up DIY a portable palette from tin candy box and using a waterbrush."
"I bought the 12-color tubes, great for beginners!"
"Haven't tried these yet, but they are in such a cute little box!"
Wish they had brighter colors in this pack but great paint nonetheless
Colors are good  brush is not so great.
"There is no black in in this set which is very upsetting. It seems to be good quality, very small, fits into the palm of my hand."
Great size and awesome colours! Need to be careful with paint pucks as they do stick to the top/ fall out if not careful.
perfect
perfect
"Beautiful high quality beginner/intermediate set for learning and mastering watercolor. Someday when I'm better I may upgrade to the professional set, but for pretty much any hobbyist the cotman collection is above and beyond the competition. Colors are bright and vibrant, mix beautifully, the travel case is super convenient. All in all a joy to work with."
"Small, cute, and the watercolor quality is great. Highly recommend :3"
"Great little portable set. I bought the one labeled ""pocket"" but didn't realize it was going to be that small. This set will literally fit in your pocket."
Good set of colors in a portable box.
The colors are super vibrant and the watercolor is super easy to work with and control. The best watercolors I've used so far!
A really good purchase.
"Very cool product. Don't expect a 8"" x 11"" case, it is portable and will fit in you pocket or purse. The unit measures 2 1/2"" x 5""."
Best ever pocket-sized kit with perfect colors.
It's affordable and good colors for students and beginners.
"<div id=""video-block-R2YLYICNCV5CWF"" class=""a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block""></div><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/D1rgBHhOtmS.mp4"" class=""video-url""><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/91aIakBWLnS.png"" class=""video-slate-img-url"">&nbsp;This is in general a good watercolor set for beginners and can be a good travel set. I got the one with 24 colors and they came with a number 3 pointed brush/liner, 2 mixing pans and 2 more slots (for up to 8 more half pans or you can stick about three 8ml tubes in there.

The colors are vibrant with good pigmentation and with varied opacity/transparency. I did a color swatch and some colors appeared to be somewhat granulated and does not produce a nice wash. I compared the viridian hue between the pan and the tube and the tube produces a much more even wash and the pan has made strike marks with the pigments (see pic, upper right corner is viridian from tube). This could be because the pigments are dryer in the pans than in the tube and it might improve with more use, I will come back with an update.

Each color was individually wrapped in plastic and a lot of them fell out from the pans. I found it really time consuming and difficult to pick out - unwrap - secure at first then I found out that it's better to just pick up the whole section and push each of the four half pans out with your fingers (saves so much time and protect your fingers! ) The paint cube can easily stick to its half pan if you put a little drop of water at the bottom then put the paint in."
I am completely new to water color and I got this based off several online reviews from people I trust and this did not disappoint. I have played with it several times and the pigment is perfect and I look forward to being able to take this hiking with me.
paints for painting. nice painting. nice paints.
"These were my first set of watercolor paints and I am more than satisfied.

The same product is at Michaels for a lot more, so I felt like I got a good deal.

 I would recommend to other artists and buy again."
"This is amazing for beginners because it provides all the colors you could possible need, a great lid that can be used as a mixing palette, a nice small brush that I think is good quality. It's so convenient and tinier than I couldve expected but don't let this fool you! The paints have lasted me a while and you can take the pans out and replace them individually with whatever you want. With that said, the paints keep falling out of their pan and the pans always fall out of the palette. Everytime I have to be really careful I don't tip it and I've dropped it a few times... It sucks having to pick them all up again individually but whatever, everything else is good!"
"I have the W&N Pocket Plus (12 half pans)  and the Compact Set (14 half pans).  Both easily fit in one hand and the half pans can be filled with the provided- Cotman paints or pro quality paints. I prefer the Compact set because the Pocket Plus has an oddly designed case with a rubbery blue attachment that prevents the lids from laying flat when open. (I found that carefully scoring/cutting the attachment with a razor blade can remedy the problem. Or perhaps repeated use & flattening the open lid is a solution as well.). Also the Compact set has a larger area for mixing, as well as a thumbhole."
I've wanted to try watercolor for ages but I know that cheap watercolors usually make cheap looking art (unless you're a pro and can manipulate the poor qualities common in the low cost pans) so when I saw this on sale I knew it was finally time! Love the variety of colors and every color was wrapped and labeled neatly. With 24 pans theres a huge range to mix and they're super beautiful washed out or intense. Per usual the browns are quite opaque. Perfect for someone like me who always squeezes too much with tube paints.
We love this set but are having a hard time finding replacement cakes without paying an arm and leg in shipping from England. Any suggestions?
"Cute little travel set and the price was far better than Michaels.  Used it while on vacation.  Perfect for taking on a plane.  The ""palette"" is far too small of course but, the colors were nice and a good variety for a little travel set just to play with."
"One of my colors is missing.  I was setting up my pallette and bumped it and things went flying.  I found the missing pan for the viridian, but my burnt sienna paint is still hiding.  I suspect it will turn up when I spill something and the color liquifies on my carpet!  Tip:  use a glue dot to secure the pan in place and generously wet the paint on initial set-up so the block is not loose in the pan.  This is my first ""good"" watercolor paint set, so I am seriously bummed about the MIA color."
Wondeful perfect travel kit. You can take out and replace the halfpans too. I don't want to have another.
"I purchased and used this after using Koi. Though not as convenient, it is a big difference in color saturation and consistency once mixed with water. This set attains that milky consistency especially for washes. Now I have to get a travel palette to squeeze this onto."
Excellent colors. New to watercolors and great starter set. Best price I found (on Amazon)
"Love this little palette - is perfect. The brush is nice for small sketches and fine lines. Mixed reviews for the paint colors. For being inexpensive student grade paints, some of the colors are loaded with pigment while others are wimpy and pale.  Better than I expected are the Cad Yellow, Cad red, Yellow ochre, Viridian and Pthalo blue. Less than expected are the Sap green, Alizarin crimson, and Ultramarine. Other colors are just about what a student grade paints usually are. Will likely replace some of the colors with top quality tube paints. Delighted with this palette :)"
love it!
What a lovely little travel set.  So efficiently put together.  Just love it.
"Nice-----once you get over how you wanted to slit your wrists taking struggling with taking each color out of its slot (hard!), then more struggle taking the tiny wrapping off each one. Frustrating"
Really enjoying. Pigment is really good. Colors mix well and are true.  Easy to reactivate and love that I can replace only the colors I need. Easy to travel with.
"I love Winsor and newton watercolors, but they are very expensive. This is a very good deal and the paints are very nice."
Bright colours. I'm genuinely surprised this is their student line.
The box does not include the necessary color or red.
"These technically are student grade BUT, unless you were an expert in paint you would never be able to tell. Each color is vibrant and easy to layer to make darker. I actually loved thos pocket set so much im getting the 45 color set for finer arts. And after quite a bit of usage they still uphold quality. They mix magically, and the brush thay comes with the pocket set is so cute and handy, especially for small details. Overall i doubt you will be dissapointed with it."
"Just use a dot of white with your colors and it works fine. Glad I got them. Red is a bit Pinker than oil painting alz crimson, but great for lips & skin tones."
Product is great just as expected but two of the color pans where cracked and there were pieces of purple all over the inside of the case when I opened it.... there was no cushion inside the package to prevent this so I blame the seller if anything
"great watercolors, very happy with them and great shades that I can rarely find in a 24 set"
"Cotman Watercolours Painting Plus 12 Tubes

If you're new to watercolour painting and want an affordable set that is reliable without costing the earth and moon, then this is the set I would recommend.  The colours may not be as intense as the professional series which is really pure pigment, but they are still very vibrant and fluid and to gain the intensity of the professional series you will have to layer more.  I particularly like this set because of  its portability and range of palettes. You can easily scale up from small to large paintings because of the deep wells in the second pallet.  With the 12 tubes that come with this set you can make up to 150 colours which I think is ample for any beginner.  Just remember even with the best watercolours in the world your paintings will always be dull if you only use poor quality paper.  With this set, a good brush and a good quality watercolour paper you can't go wrong."
"I bought these after a lot of research, and they work very well as expected. I have nothing to compare them to, but the pigments are beautiful and mix very well, and the variety is nice. There are 2 reds, an orange, 2 yellows, a green, 3 blues, and a black, white, and brown."
"Keeping this set about, in your car, bag or pocket, will double the amount of water color studies you create."
As good as it can possible get !
"My current go-to for watercolors. I just recently began using watercolors to paint with and this was my first selection. The paints are tiny (way tinier than I expected), but I've gotten a lot of good use out of them already! They blend really well and the colors are vibrant. I highly recommend this set for anyone who is in the beginning stages of painting with watercolors."
This is a great set for beginners and intermediate artists. The colors are very good and I was able to mix different colors to make skin tones. I didn't use the brush pen provided in the kit. It was uncomfortable for me to use so i bought regular paint brushes.
Great little set of high quality colors! I love the brush pen it comes with as well!
I signed up for an art class.  These paints were fine for it and the colors were good.
Good quality. Great colors. Really useful
very nice .....love the waterpen too....will recommend to anyone
"I love this set. It's neat, portable and there's a good selection of colors to work with. I wanted to get a pan set that wasn't too expensive, but worth the money. I like Winsor & Newton's paints already so I decided to try this out. So far, it feels nice to work with and I'm happy with what I do with them."
These water colors are simply amazing!
Beautiful pigments! They all work nicely and blend nicely as well!
"The colors are wonderful with great vibrancy, quality, and range. the case is extremely compact (which i love) and the little brush it comes with works well for small detail. I've noticed a lot of complaints abut the brush being too small, but it feels fine to me, and the cap can be placed on the end to make a longer handle.

Some quick colors tips:
Burnt Umber + Cobalt Blue = cool black
Burnt Umber + Ultramarine = greenish/off-black
Cobalt Blue + Burnt Sienna = warm grey
Cad Red + Ultramarine = neutral grey
A. Crimson + Viridian = cool grey"
It's cheap and does what you need it to do. I highly reccomend it for artists always on the go.
Professional quality water colors set. I love it.
"I bought this set on spec in my local art supply store and it is quite decent for its price. In a nutshell, I would say that:

++ On the positive side, the quality of the paint is quite good for an affordable beginner set. Recognizing that I don't know that much about watercolour, I find the colours nice and vibrant. The choice of colours included are perfect for me: I use ultramarine and cerulean blues, burnt sienna, burnt umber, lemon and cadmium yellows all the time. I would probably trade the white or one of the two greens for a Payne's gray.

- - On the negative side, the box is not very good, mostly because all the pans are lose in their compartments and they wabble each time you dip the brush in. This is irritating. Although there quite a few mixing areas, the bottom one that slides is not easy to use while sketching on location (awkward to pull in and out). I haven't tried the brush included because it is too small even for my small Moleskine sketchbook.

If I was to do it again, having experienced it and read reviews now, I would probably buy the Prima Marketing Tropical set for a similar price, similar colours and I would have a nice metal box.

Hope this was helpful :-)"
First time I've ever used watercolors.  Very very build able but also can be sheered out to translucency.  I'm in love.
"Amazing, rich, solid colours! they work perfect, its so light, easy to use, and clean! Just perfect!"
dry as a chalk board...I had to throw it out and go to local Michael's for a more decent one...
looks good yet to try
These are student grade watercolors. Spend a little more and get the artist quality if you want to avoid paying twice. The colors are less vibrant and transparent than the higher quality paints. Brand doesn't matter as long as you stick to the artist line. I regret the money and time I wasted using inferior products.
These paints definitely have more pigment than any other cheaper brands I bought which makes a huge difference in my paintings.  I just wish the paints weren't so expensive otherwise I'd give them 5 stars.  I don't paint enough to use them up before they dry out.
"Took comments from others 1) tack cups in with rubber cement or very small dot of elmers , 2) put drop of water inside under each color to hold them in. Perfect size for beginner or travel."
"Love this palette! As a beginner watercolourist, this palette has everything I need to start creating colours. I take this wherever I go and I'm never let down. These are great quality colours with great pigmentation. The brush is great too! A perfect brush for details and great to add to your collection. When I do larger paintings, I wish this palette had a larger mixing area but other than that, I'm very satisfied with this product.

10/10 would recommend

My only negative is that if you buy the MEEDEN empty half pans, they do not fit perfectly into this palette. I have since bought new paints (different colours) and was excited to interchange pans to create a more custom palette, but alas they don't fit. They do fit and you can still fully close the palette, but they will remain raised which is more of an eye sore. I have attached photos - the picture of the two pans contains the original WN palette half pan (left) and MEEDEN empty half pans (right)"
"Great set, nice colors, nice variety, great start for beginners and students alike."
Love this paint box. Great for traveling. The colors are well chosen but you can replace them with your own selection.
The colors are great! Very vibrant. I just wish they were labled on the pans. I am new to paintimg and have a hard time remembering color names. Experienced artists probably won't have artist will probably not be bothered by this.
I so love these. High quality for sure! I even purchased one for my partner!
This paint set is rinky-dink.  The picture makes it look normal size but in reality it is truly tiny. Each paint square is less than 1/2 inch wide.
"Loved it! Very portable and easy to carry around. The colors come out pretty vibrant as well, and are easy to mix/delude to your liking. Perfect for an artist who likes to bring their supplies on the go."
Gorgeous paints! These will last you a very long time. High quality.
"They're seriously tiny, which is exactly what I was looking for, but its still really well pigmented! It exceeded my expectations in how well it travels, and how utterly adorable the little brush that comes with it is.
I highly recommend getting water brushes to go along with this, to get the full travel feel to it. Couldn't recommend it more!"
Great paints but the actual paints are a lot smaller than I thought they would be
"LOVE these. Only wish I'd bought a pan with more color selection (and next time I will!) pigment is great, the color cakes were nice and uniform when I unwrapped them and they've held up well. Included a portion of some art I did using the colors from this."
"My goodness. So good quality! It is smaller than pictured, though. And that brush that it comes with is just perfect! I love the strong colors."
"Absolutely love how compact this set is. I have the large professional set that is super nice but the metal case and size makes it heavier to travel with. The colors in this cotman set are wonderful. My favorite has to be thalo blue. Great pigments. Quality Case. I recommend, and for the price it's a steal!

My only complaint is the paintbrush that comes with. Mine is a little defective with extra glue cased on the outside that I cannot peel off. Otherwise I'd give it 5 stars. Really it should be 4.5"
"Nice little kit, and it is little. Has more hues than I would have liked, it seems there's no consistent set of colors in the kits, you kind of get what they send. The dinky paint brush is useless unless you need a mini rigger (or an eyeliner) :)  4 stars, because it's still a great little set for the beginner or anyone into plein air. I'm a real novice at watercolor so this is fine for me to get my feet (& fingers) wet. Next time I'll be looking at specific color paint pans or tubes to refill this little kit, but that's how you learn. Nothing against Winsor & Newton, just a few things I wish I had understood before buying. BTW, I probably would have still bought it anyway."
Great paint set
"Bought these as a rookie amateur to use with Pentel Aquash Water Brushes for brush lettering, doodling, etc. A lovely watercolor set and an easy way for a beginner to jump into a quality product without breaking the bank."
excelente
pigment pigment and more pigment
An excellent product that I take everywhere with me! Winsor & Newton is hands down my favorite watercolor brand.
It's cute and convenient for painting. It also has two blending plates. Good price!
"I like it , but wish I would have gotten the full pack instead of the half pack. It would be less messy,I think."
"Love this handy little palette! The colors are great quality, vibrant, and smooth. I've only used it a few times so far, but I love it. The little brush is handy, but I use my watercolor brushes instead. Only thing that caught me off guard was how small it was, I thought it'd be a little bigger at first, haha. Great product!"
"This is the first time in a while that I have used watercolors. I bought this as a starter set for on the go painting, and I wasn't expecting much vibrancy from these colors. However, the colors end up very nice and vibrant. I do edit my photos, however I don't have to touch the colors, only the brightness of the image. The only downside I personally saw was the collapsible brush. While compact, it barely holds any water and I had to buy another, larger brush."
It's fantastic. The colors are beautiful.
"I brought a small set because I'm not sure if I like painting or not. believe me, a good quality color will encourage you a lot (especially if you are a beginner)"
Great!
"I use these to create flannel stories and cards for my preschoolers and the color is vibrant. Initially, I figured the cakes were to small and I will have to replace them after only a few uses. But, it turns out I don't need to dip as much because the colors are highly pigmented. It is also great to travel with, due to its size."
"Favorite little watercolor box, my set of choice for teaching beginner classes. Good color selection (except for the white-I wish they'd swap that one out) They re-wet beautifully every time. Color mixing options are endless! Paint like crazy, use them up, then refill with pro paints of choice--hang on to the pallet box! It's tough, takes abuse-made out of a nice hard plastic, I've had mine for years."
nice
So far so good. I'll update my review once I tryout the paint. Each paint square is wrapped in plastic that's my only downside. It ended up being a lot of trash. But I love that it comes with a small paintbrush that was a fun surprise!!  It's very small and compact I enjoy that too.there was no damaging while shipping.
I bought the Strathmore 400 Series Visual Watercolor Journal and these watercolors to go with it to do a traveling watercolor journal. I love them but wonder where to get refill colors when one runs out.
"They're lovely! Easy to use, beautiful, and convenient for traveling. The case is sturdy and keeps firmly closed but is not too hard to open. Overall a great product!"
"This color set is awesome for beginners and hobbyist like me.

Pros:
Affordable
Colors are great!
Offer cool and warm colors so that you are more versatile
A travel brush!
The size is perfect to put into your pocket

Cons:
The pans keep falling out, but I don't want to glue them in because they can be replaced.

If you are starting with watercolor, check this out! You won't be disappointed!"
"Took this on vacation with me and really enjoyed having so many colors available to me within such
a conveniently sized and designed packet.  Loved the quality of the colors and the removable palette.
Was surprised it was so small overall, but the little spaces can eventually be filled up again with my
tube paints."
I always get this brand for watercolors as they're smooth and are my personal favorite especially when I run out.
smaller than I expected.
"(I got the pocket sized watercolor set.)

Good quality, and nice colors. Each individual water color chunk comes wrapped individually with the color's name. The box has a lid which I find perfect for mixing, and it comes with a small, good quality brush.

All around, a well rounded watercolor set."
I've never owned such high-quality art supplies until this arrived at my door. It's really beautiful paint. I'll be sticking with Winsor & Newton paint from now on
Love the colors and the quality was recommended from a friend for beginners and really love it
"<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Winsor-Newton-Cotman-Water-Colour-Sketchers-Pocket-Box/dp/B00004THXI/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Winsor & Newton Cotman Water Colour Sketchers Pocket Box</a>
This set is amazing... and what a deal!! At under fifteen bucks right now it can't be beat. The case is nothing amazing, but adequate. It includes a lovely little travel paintbrush. I think I paid six dollars for my other tiny brush like this all by itself. It's a really great (but very tiny!) travel brush made by Winsor & Newton as well. The colors included are really nice. I'd previously purchased a more expensive set similar to this (like, twice as expensive) and didn't like it at all. In fact, I'd decided to cross W & N off my list altogether, but kept hearing from so many people who love them, even the student grade Cotman line, that I thought I'd give it one more shot when I found this set so inexpensively.
Colors:
2 yellows:lemon yellow hue, cadmium yellow hue,
2 reds: Cadmium Red, Alizarin Crimson,
2 blues: ultramarine, intense blue
2 greens: viridian hue, sap green,
also yellow ochre, burnt sienna, burnt umber, and chinese white

I know a lot of artists balk at hues... so far I like these and enjoy using them in my art journals. These are high quality student paints with good lightfastness ratings and nice saturation of color. If you can find this for under fifteen and are looking for paints to try, I suggest these as a great beginner or travel set. I've included a photo of a little sketch I did, and my swatched paints and the little brush."
"This is my favorite of the small W&N kits. The little pullout pallets are great for diverse mixing and separating brights and darks. Having two water vessles is great, although small. Paint cakes are a nice quality where mixing and blending washes is fairly flexible. My only quibble is I wish there was both a transparent and opaque bright yellow. Brush is small and has a decent point but I still prefer using a few of my regular brushes."
Exactly what I wanted
Please with it. Great for traveling.
Love these.! Would definitely recommend:)
"I have been very pleased with this little brush pen set. Even though it is student grade and not professional paint, it still has beautiful, vibrant colors. I love to paint while sitting on my back porch and it is so easy to grab and go. I am running out of a few of the colors and will be ordering another set soon. I didn't really like the brush pen, but already have several sets of my favorites so this isn't a big deal to me. The paint alone is well worth the price. I would highly recommend this product."
"This is my second set. I'll  keep my first one packed for vacations. It's tiny and comes with a very teeny brush. Probably, most will want  a bigger brush, but it's a great starter kit and would make a fantastic gift for a child who shows some interest in color mixing  and painting transparent layers. While it's easy to replace the used colors provided, it is harder to find rose or turquoise which are good to have in a kit. I do so wish any and all kits, but this one in particular would STOP supplying a simple 8-12 watercolor kit with WHITE! Payne's Gray or Sepia are much more practical!"
I am new to watercolors and i was surprised that there was no black color in the set. Other than that I love it and love how compact it is.
Ok
"A gift for my younger sister and she enjoys the paints very much! This is perfect for a person who loves to paint anywhere, especially on-the-go."
Got these for my mum for mothers day gift. She loves the water brush and says it's so much easier to travel with than her old Windsor & Newton set! Strongly suggest!
"Was a gift for my 7 year old daughter that's very into art. Convenient to have all the colors easily stored in a compact plastic palette. Works great with: Pentel Arts Aquash Water Brush Assorted Tips, Pack of 3 (FRHBFMBP3)."
I love the color palette and the quality
Nice compact set.  Reasonable price.  Only issues are that paint is harder to lift from brand compared to Van Gogh and set contains black and white (which aren't many artists do not use for watercolor).
"I am an aspiring tattoo artist, and I wanted a decent set of watercolors to use on my flash work. After reading some reviews I decided to buy the pallet with 12 colors, and let me tell you,  it's pretty great!

Cons:
There was a lot of complaining in other reviews about the paints being wrapped, but for me this wasn't an issue. They WERE wrapped individually, with a thin sheet of plastic, and then a paper label. The name of the color is also printed along the side of the pot.
Another big complaint I read was that the paint would move around and fall out of the pot. I found this to be quite true, but if you put a little bit of water into the pot and then put the paint on top, they stay in place. Once I have used a whole pot, I will probably just buy the tube of paint in the same color and refill it that way.
The only other problem I have with the pallet is how hard it is to open the little bugger! For some reason I have the hardest time opening it, as if it is stuck shut. I'm not sure if anyone else had this problem, but this is a packaging problem, not the paint.

Pros:
My set came with 12 colors, Chinese White, Cadmium Yellow(Pale and Deep), Yellow Ochre, Burnt Umber, Burnt Sienna, Cadmium Red(Pale), Alizarin Crimson, Ultramarine, Cobalt Blue, Viridian Green, and Sap Green.
There's a decent variety, but I personally will most likely change a few. I don't really need two cadmium yellow shades, so I will most likely change that out for a premixed purple. There is no black in this set, but for watercolor it would be better to use ink, so this doesn't bother me at all. I did a small swatch sheet of the pure and mixed colors, as you can tell there is a good variety and it covers all your bases!
The interior top half holds two little mixing pallets, which is great when I travel with this. Included is a small round brush, which I most likely will not use, but will leave in the set in case I forget a brush or am doing very small work.
Overall this pallet was definitely worth the money, it's a great starting set for someone looking to get into watercolors. It gets 4 out of 5 stars mostly because of how hard it is to open!"
I like the color selection in the set.
"This is by far, my favorite watercolor set. It's from the Cotman series, meaning that the paints are primarily for students, but they are excellent in quality and in pigment. I originally got this one because I lost the brush for my first one, and I wasn't ready to try water brushes for travel.

If you don't like the colors, you can get individiual tubes pretty cheaply, and you can remove a pan to fill the spot with a paint of your choice. Don't be afraid to make your own color palette!

The brush is a two-part piece, with the main brush and handle, and a metal cap. This is probably the best brush i have owned for travel, just because of the quality. Holds water very well. All of the windsor newton brushes are fantastic, but I like this particular one because it's compact.

I would buy one of these for all my artist friends if I could!"
Ordered for art students and pleased with the product and price.
Well priced set to introduce me to this line of watercolor paint. Quality watercolor pigments. It contains a miniature brush that I like to use on detail work.
Got this as a warehouse deal and was pretty much worth the price
Love these paints! The colors stay vibrant and true when put to paper.
I just can say that this is my first time using watercolor and I have no regrets buying this product.
Tiny and adorable. The paint is the same great quality and the paintbrush is SO cute.
The cadmium hues aren't as transparent as the rest of the colors but that is to be expected as true cadmiums aren't totally transparent either. The colors were all vibrant and mix together to form many beautiful and interesting colors. I am new to watercolors and these were a great introductory product! In the photos I've added you can see a swatch chart and half completed painting done on strathmore windpower cold press 140lb paper.
"amazing, amazing amazing! i've been using this watercolor palette for about 1 year now and i am absolutely in love!!!!! originally, i had the sakura palette which was a amazing beginner one, but the winsor and newton one is so great! the colors are vibrant and the especially love the dark blue and the purple! they have such pigments for so cheap and i love them! i feel straight into watercolors due to this palette and it's great! i have reccomended this to my teacher and she bought it as well! she seems to love them as much as i do, so take my word for it! it's amazing and very beautiful."
Will be taking this package with me to Florida for the winter.  Just what I needed.
"Wife really likes it, useful for water colors"
"My advice would be to get the smallest size only if you want a very tiny trial pack. I was quite disappointed with the size, but then I used the paints and realized that the paints are worth it, even though the size is a major minus point. Also, the paints may look darker than what they are supposed to be, but don't be fooled by that. I was about to return my set because I didn't think the colors were right, but they are. Thhey just look dark."
great watercolor
"Great little travel palette - I was expecting the colors to be lacking pigment, as they are student quality, but in my opinion they are very good.  They are very transparent, which I like.  Such a handy size."
"U cannot go wrong with Windsor and newton, only wish it was a bit cheaper for students. The pigment cubes are small."
"I wish the red in this set was a little darker, but these colors are good for the primaries and for mixing a wide variety of colors to make up for the size. It's good for if you want to get better at mixing your own, something I needed to work on.

The container isn't anything too crazy, 6 mixing wells in the lid, white with rounded corners. The trays have a tendency to fall out when it's new and it doesn't have dried paint sticking it in place. I dropped it and these little trays of color flew everywhere along with the paint that separated from it, it was a mess.
So in that regard I still prefer how the koi travel set has a detachable pallete tray, sponges, and the colts are already dried and stuck to the pans.
But this set has the upside of being fully customizable. You can arrange the colors anyway you like or change it out for others. If you want to use your favorite tube paint just squeeze into the pan and let dry."
Awesome compact set!
"These are great paints!
I wanted to upgrade my watercolor supplies (in past used crayola then artist loft - both of which are great for beginners and very inexpensive...but have some limitations and I was finding it difficult to get the pigments & transparency I wanted).  Read many reviews and watched YouTube and decided upon Winsor & Newton Cotman set.  Glad I got these.  I'm having so much fun painting now - it is so much easier to mix colors and get the transparency I desire.  Colors mix with water easily and glide across paper.  I guess my next investment will be in paper (I'm still using the cheapest watercolor paper I can find).  I've included a picture of the watercolor set (I haven't had it very long but I've used it a LOT).  One negative about the set is the brush.  It came with some bent bristles (you can see this in picture).  I've tried to reshape it but have been unsuccessful so far.  I've got my own brushes (a set of Royal & Langnickel synthetic sable from Michaels) that I've been using.  Paints themselves are outstanding.  Would be nice to have black and some skin tones...but I've found I can mix all of these when needed (I've included a color chart that I made).  The case is great too.  Feels sturdy and reusable.  Should be able to refill easily in future.  Expect this set to last a long time."
"My new favorite watercolor, I'm still learning how to use watercolors and this set is the perfect set for me!
It's nice for to go, the size is great too, really it's the greatest set for a starter as me!
I used other brands, it was something like wax feeling & left hard edges, I don't know how to explain it!
But this one it's very soft feeling, fast & rich color!"
"Amazing quality for the price!! It's better than I would have expected from a 12.99 set. The size is great for traveling and smaller sketch books! I'm a pretty big fan of Winsor & Newton, and I'm not surprised that I really enjoying this set so far. The only thing I wished that this palette had was a black, but i'm not knocking off a star for that since I can mix always mix it up. A good idea would have been to replace the white with black."
budding artist daughter LOVES this.  great product.  fast shipping.
So compact!
I love the modern and simple look of this palette. It is perfect for traveling since there is a water brush included.
"After hours of researching which brand of watercolor paint I should get. I found Winsor & Newton has a great reputation. Not very cheap but I have to say it's the best watercolor paint I've ever had. It gives vibrant colors and a perfect size for traveling! I would buy it again from the same company. Worth to get it instead of getting a cheap, poorly made watercolor paint, which doesn't give really nice, vibrant colors."
High quality of paint and the colors are all beautiful! It's tiny and easy to fit in my daily purses and bags. Great little thing to travel with and to enjoy arts anytime.
Perfect size for painting outdoors. Great price.excellent quality.
Nice travel size. I got them for painting while hiking. I'm new to watercolor and they seem perfect for me.
"I'm just learning, but I like them a lot. I bought this because I want to paint when I hike, and the size was perfect."
It is MUCH smaller than what's pictured. When it arrived we almost didn't find it in the box with the other items.  Looks more like a toy.  Then I read the caption closely...pocket sized. More like wallet sized.  Went back for return right away.
"It's a good student grade option.  The colors work well together.  I recommend a drop or two of water (or gum Arabic) in the bottom of each pan under the watercolor to help settle them in.  The latch is not secure so if you drop it, expect them to scatter."
"Every thing I thought they would me. I tried Prima paints first.  They are good, but colors are not as true as cotman. I am not an expert.  Just learning
."
"These pocket watercolors have traveled with me around the world to four continents, eleven countries, lots of states, and work well for field and coffee house sketching.  The true pocket size makes these practical to take when a larger kit would be left behind.  The paints are excellent.  I replaced the included #2 travel brush with a cut down #6 round."
"They were bought for my wife, and she loves them."
Great little watercolor set!
"This product really is pocket size. I could comfortable lay this on my hand and move it around like a waiter and not worry that they'll fall. The colors are really pigmented and are so strong but the cartridges are so small but I feel that they'll last me a while. The small brush that comes with the product is really good brush, surprisingly. You pull the metal tubing out and place it on the back of the coat and, voila, you have a pretty awesome brush."
"My first water colors.  Works fine as a sample or test to see if you like watercoloring..  It is enough to practice and follow the tutorial videos.  Seems to have all the colors you needs for that.
The tiny brush is too tiny, suggest getting a bigger one.  The pallet has worked for me in my playing around."
"I knew it was gonna be small, but I didn't think it would be this small. It's as small as my hand, and can fit in the back pocket. This is actually my first Winsor and Newton watercolors. The design of the back of the case isa bit weird to me, but doesn't affect anything. The paint brush is also very small. It only has 3 mixing areas, which is to be expected due to how small it is. Everything is small, the pans, the everything. It did Come in a bit dirty, but it was clean in no time. Great for on the go! Hopefully it will live up to my expectations for the quality."
these are very high quality paints! the brush is nice too! its a perfect set to travel with. bought this for my daughter and she loves it!
These are good quality student grade watercolors.  I like the full pans much better than the half pans because it is easier to pick up the pigments from full pans.  Synthetic brushes work well with these watercolors.
Smaller than I expected but good.
Perfect for traveling. I love this set
Good for beginners I guess. I like it.
Vibrant colors!! Smooth material as well:)
"I was happy to find these and try them out. The price was pretty good here on Amazon, better than what I found in stores at the time. I like the size of the palette and color choices, and really most of the paints I like pretty well, but I've found other sets I enjoy more for less money. They are quality. The little brush has a nice tip, too. But I prefer metal tins, and other paints wet easier and have bolder colors. One or two colors are really hard to wet with these. I like the Prima line better as a hobby grade BUT, I suspect these are a better quality paint (light fast etc) I don't know that though, and unless I was taking a class and needed specific colors (the prima aren't labelled with color names or pigments) I'd try the prima for less money and more fun. Advantages to the conman: windsor & newton quality, traditional color name and pigment labeling, good palette colors, sturdy palette if you like plastic, Can replace colors individually. I won't buy them again, but each time I try to get rid of them, I stop myself!! I don't hate them, and if I couldn't purchase others I'd use these a lot.

https://www.amazon.com/Prima-Marketing-Watercolor-Confections-Tropicals/dp/B0197FGETY/ref=as_li_ss_tl?s=arts-crafts&ie=UTF8&qid=1492793043&sr=1-2&keywords=prima+watercolor&linkCode=ll1&tag=threesixfivea-20&linkId=0700816026603c3f00feda851734e3ab"
LOVE MY WATER COLOR'S JUST GREAT
On the small side but lasts awhile. I love how pigmented these watercolors are. The brush is a tad small but I got it for the paints not the brush so all around great deal to me.
Fast shipping. Vibrant colors.
I was a little disappointed in the intensity of color in these paints. I didn't see a lot of vibrancy. They don't mix particularly well - most of the colors were muddy. There is only one purple in the 24 set so not a lot of options there. I realize that these are student grade and that's exactly how they perform.
"Great vibrant colors!! Easy to combine shades! I'm used to acrylic and not the watery/runny consistency of watercolor. I bought this to get a nice practice on techniques and get a feel of the medium. Nice for beginners because it contains the basic colors, it's portable, and high quality. If you don't want to start out buying $6-$8 paint tubes, I recommend these!
I've included some art I've done the first week of receiving it! I love the color payoff!"
Very brilliant colors...not washed out or faded at all. Beautiful paints!!
"The watercolor comes with a great range of colors. A warm and cold version of each  primary color. The paint brush is also very neat, it has great non-shedding Brissles. Another great thing about it is how nice it goes on the paper, you can make several different colors with this (obviously ) The packaging was also great and definitely worth it."
The product is good and the price is great. I like it.
"I'm a beginner to the watercolor medium, as a beginner I have to say that this product has made my watercoloring experience way more easier.
I got started with a cheap set of paints in witch Included watercolors. As I started using the watercolors more frequently, I noticed the colors were chalky and they weren't vibrant as they were advertised.

I bought this sketch box because of the great prize for the cuality of the product, as soon as I started painting with this watercolors I notice the vibrant colors and and the rich pigments of the colors. I'm an art student and from a beginners point of view I tottally recomend this to anyone who's wanting to start watercolors with great cuality for an affordable prize."
Really tiny set (could definitely fit in your pocket) but paints were decent quality. I didn't use their travel brush.
My daughter loves these. There are definitely more colors she now wishes she had though.
"Perfect for traveling! I'm no expert watercolor-er, but these are really nice! And the brush that comes with it is perfect for small drawings."
I'm just beginning at water color and my instructor suggested these.  Great colors for mixing.  It is a pretty small case but was fine for my 5 classes of water color and beyond.
Love this watercolor set.. The colors are vibrant and sooo easy to use... I've only used tubes of watercolors up to now so I'm thrilled to discover how easy the cakes are too use..
Nice portable watercolor set. I kinda know how to watercolor although I don't think the idea of a brush made of these materials is ideal. I think it's still a bargain; and a lot of people swear these brushes are wonderful. I prefer a brush with the ability to hold water and color that is similar to a real brush. Not that theres anything inherently wrong with these types of brushes I just prefer a real paint brush specifically designed for watercolors. The results these brushes provide is decent but isn't a substitute for the real thing. Although if you don't feel like carrying a water bottle this may be the way to go.
"I am nothing but an amateur, but I have invested some money in my hobby. At the beginning I bought a bunch of cheap watercolors, but then I decided to spend a little bit more. First I got the Grumbacher Deluxe Opaque watercolors (24 colors), and now this one. This brand is quite expensive for someone that just has a new hobby, BUT, I am in love. It is just so easy to paint with this set. The colors are amazing, I like them better than my Grumbacher set. For such a small box, I am amazed by the quality. You can get so many different shades with this set, and it doesn't feel chalky at all (I know, I was used to some cheap watercolors, let me be amazed by this).
I will save some money to buy the bigger set. It is worth it."
Perfect! First time water coloring and I fell in love with it!! Only thing that sucks is that it doesn't have black but it's fine!:) It's good for beginners just like me! 
"I bought this set when I was traveling with my water coloring book and these were amazing! No mess and no fuss the colors were just amazing, they filled up the pages with vibrant colors and when I was done I can just close the containers and bam so easy! Even painted on a plain with my water brushes and it was so easy!"
"Great colors! Very rich, and vibrant palette."
Nice compact box of water color paint
"High quality. I've had one for 15 years, just ordered another one."
The palette it comes with the tubes of paint i so awful i threw it away. The brush is too small and the tubes of paint are a bit more than what i would've gotten at a store.
"I love this little palette.  I removed the color white and added another color in its place, but I found the other colors to be useful.  I have taken this on trips and it is very portable.  I will eventually replace all the Cotman colors with artist quality once they are used up, but it is a ver nice student set."
"*please note: 3 colors are from my old set on the color sample palette* I was going back and forth between which Windsor set I was going to buy. I was looking at the half pans but deceided that i like liquid better, because it doesnt get muddy or tainted and you can always start fresh every time. I am so glad I bought the 12-tube set. Its a good student/intermediate set, with few supplemental colors needed, depending on what you are painting or your style. The case conveniently keeps a brush, 2 palettes and my tubes together. I keep my other colors in a little zipper pouch. I would highly recommend this set if you are just starting or if you have experience. Tubes is the way to go!"
Very well organized.
Much much smaller than it looks.
"Very compact and easy to carry, it also has a water bottle attached. Fantastic"
Great quality pigments. It really fits in your pocket or small purse. Will buy other Windsor & Newton products.
"Very cute looks sturdy. Has a good selection of colors. Very good for on the go and between lunch breaks. Very cute paintbrush included nice touch. Impressed with the pigmentation. First time user of using Winsor & Newton products but they do live up to the hype of high quality products. Used to oil painting however, watercolors are much easier to use and been looking for a set to get started and this was just what i was looking for."
"colors are delicious and so full of pigment! I can't keep my hands off it. As all W&N paints are rather pricey, I save my palette after finishing a picture and use every drop of paint on it to doodle - there is still plenty of pigment. I only wish there were a different shade of red included, perhaps, instead of the white paint."
"This is the companion for my hikes, trips, and journeys that I have missed.  Easily storable and although bigger that I thought, so worth the size.  I have had the smaller travel one for years and it sadly lost itself in a move.  So, when I saw that I thought that it was time to add to my water color tool kit.  The colors are amazing and easy to work with.  I have found that the multiple pallets are great for mixing and adding more.  I say adding more, as sadly black is missing and I love to add that to punch up my paintings.  Don't fret, as with the many compact-able pallets I am able to add any color from a tube and have them workable on many occasions."
Great concise product for beginner students
"Such a lovely set of watercolors. Here are my personal pros and cons.

PROS:
-Great quality paint-- vibrant and blendable
-Color selection is good-- two wonderful shades of blue, very bright yellow hue, grassy green and bluish green, a very pigmented purple, and a white is included as well
- the individual paints are in removable pans, allowing you to arrange them how you wish and to replace pans
- the design of the container keeps the paint pans in place no matter how hard you shake it. In most metal palettes, even very high quality ones like Sennelier, the pans can easily fall out of their intended places and jumble around. This Winsor and Newton palette keeps all the pans snug in their spots securely.
- a great travel option
- the water brush doesn't look like much, but is actually capable of a lot! To test this brush, I went several weeks using it as my primary brush. It is small but it works quite well for lots of different techniques, aside from large washes, which you will always want a big mop-style brush for.
-the mixing area stays flat when you open it, so the paints don't run or pool at the the bottom
CONS:
-the cakes of paint can fall out of the pans, but this can easily be avoided by exercising a bit of caution
-you can't really get a good orange with the paints in this palette. The red provided is more of a pinkish red than a yellowish red, so it creates a bit of a muddy orange when mixed with yellow. The burnt sienna can be used to make a suitable autumn orange, but you cannot get a bright, sherbet-hued orange with the colors provided.

Overall - I love this set and am glad that I purchased it."
"High quality watercolors, would definitely purchase some more colors."
Great item!!!!!
Love it!!
great little kit and nice pigmentation!
"Nice colors, a good started set.  I just wish it had black included instead of white."
Great palette.
"This set is awesome.....I've been using it like crazyyy

At first the pans did fall out/shake/stick to the top of the palette(if the paints were still wet when closed).....and paints fell out of pans....

But that's easily fixed by gluing/taping the pans down and once the paint are used they stop falling out of the pans as well...."
"These basic colors are more than enough for any artist. Be it a beginner or professional. This box is quite small.. So each color cube is really small. But bonus is the waterpen!  I love using it. Overall, though it's pricey, quality is awesome so go ahead and buy it!"
I got one for my girlfriend and she loves it. She wanted to watercolor again after many years and she says they are very user friendly. The paints dry pretty fast after shes done using them and the brush is a really nice size to do watercolor calligraphy.
"Great starter kit, basic colors with good pigmentation. Easy carrying case."
Great in every way.
"The paint are still as good as when I used them last
In1949,when in high school."
Great quality
I love the quality and colors of these watercolor paints. The case and little brush are handy too!
I had their smaller pallet and thought it'd give this a try. Really like it so far. Colors look good and it travels well.
"This is my very first watercolor paint set that I bought a few months back now, and it has been amazing! The case is nice and compact - perfect for on-the-go, and comes with a tiny brush (although, it would probably be best to get your own set, but it's great to have as a backup when you're traveling anywhere)! The colors are very pretty but there are some colors/shades that you'd have to mix together in order to obtain (to name a few, black, grays, and purples).

I'm no expert at watercoloring, but I definitely recommend this for anyone that's wanting an affordable set that can paint well!"
I'm new to watercolor so this was all kind of new to me. The colors were al very vibrant and the palette was very helpful to put paint on
"Great product, easy to use."
I bought this solely for the bag which is just perfect for traveling art supplies. It is compact yet plenty of room for my supplies for painting and sketching. The case has a handle on top or a stowaway belt for wearing around your waist. It is as described with a few nice items included.
"Discretion: this shouldn't exactly replace your daily paint palette, but it's PERFECT for small and on-the-go painting.
You can always replace the cotman wc pans in there with your preferred, since they're dried and more or less ""pre-cut"", so you can easily remove them from the half pans.
Plus tip: if you don't mind the idea of it, you can remove the half pans and use the wells already made there(= free half pans!)
 Nontheless, the W&N cotman watercolors are still an excellent choice of student grade watercolor, in comparison to Grumbacher, Prima marketing, White Knights, and Shinhan."
"It was surprising to see how small it actually was, but it's size is still not a probelm. I love using it, it is different from what I have used before and it came in new condition."
"I am really loving this watercolor set. I bought it after seeing an instagram post of someone I follow on YouTube using it. It's got a lot of great basic colors that you can mix together to make whatever color you like. I am not a professional and I have had no training whatsoever, but I love the watercolor medium and have loads of watercolor artwork on my wall from artists on Etsy. This set is great whether you are a beginner like me or a person who is more experienced plus it is really really compact! Would 100% buy again! I've been using it with Pentel Aquash Aqua water brushes and they are also really good and a great buy. This set with watching YouTube videos has improved my watercolor skills so much."
"The only paint set I use, at home or in the field."
"My girlfriend bought this set for me and I fell in love with it. These colors made the set I was using before seem like Crayola watercolors. The vibrant colors that are left when your work drys is beautiful. The trays that are built in aren't too bad, though I tend to use my own watercolor trays. The brush that comes with it is a really good reasonably priced series. So if you like it, it won't cost you much to add more to your collection, I own from sizes 0 - 8 in the round tip model and the designers tip model and spent a little over $100 for them. Then you have the replaceable pans which makes it so much easier and cheaper to replace colors that you love and use more than others. There is also room to add 8 additional colors of your choice to this tray. There are many colors in this series for you to customize your tray with, leaving you with your perfect color palette. Additional pans run about $10 each which is another great thing considering how long a single half pan last. This is an all around excellent product that I highly recommend."
better than i thought they would be.  they are a decent quality for traveling artists.
Love this! Perfectly pocket size and great color quality
"I was very pleased with the depth, luminosity and fastness of these colors. At one point, after doing some work, I had to re-soak the watercolor paper. Even the palest washes held their color values after the re-stretched paper  was ready to work on again."
Great watercolors.
LOVE IT!!! Perfect for sketching on the go!!!!!!! <3
Great for outside the studio.
The colors are vibrant. The case is plastic but very durable. The brush is tiny but i'm not after with that. I'm after with the quality and the convenience when I carry it on my bag. My phone is bigger than the watercolor. I love it overall.
"This was a gift for my daughter, a University Art student.  She was very impressed by the quality and size, as it became easily transportable but still delivered high quality 'spur of the moment"" pieces.  Very happy with it :)"
"As a budding artist, I wanted to add some color to my ink sketches. Never really painted before, so I wasn't sure what to expect. These are just plain fun! After watching some YouTube videos, I got some basics down. But seriously, the colors are so rich and beautiful, it's hard to do a bad painting. What I especially like is the compact size and that I can replace the colors if needed. One final remark. The colors are so intense, a little goes a long way. These should last for a while."
This has such a lovely selection of colours. I have been enjoying using it. Nice pigmentation and transparency.
Small but perfect for painting on the go.
Excellent!
Love the paints; wish they chose an additional green or a purple instead of white.
"Colors are great and vibrant, very compact and easy to carry around, the included brush is a bit small but of good quality, pair it with a water brush pen and you are good to go."
they are a great deal i recomend them
perfect for small projects on the go.
"Very cute, good quality pigments with high opacity. Love it."
"Amazing depth of colors! A little goes a long way.  Colors are vibrant and blend really well! The bricks are pretty small, I'm half way through the crimson red and I've only done a few pieces since buying them. Well worth the asking price. I'd suggest getting the larger set, if possible."
"They are small, individually packaged paint cubes but once you get the plastic off all of them they fit into their little cubbies nicely and neatly. They can be used for a long time, and you have a wide variety of colors, especially for a beginner (me). Perfect for great quality, high pigmented watercolor that will last a little while but not for too much money."
Nice little compact water color set
these are little gems !
"a very nice, practical product."
"Great quality kit. Very compact and includes everything one would need when on the go. Colors are highly opaque and blend well, brush is also pretty nice.  Highly recommended."
Loove these!
I an enjoying this paint set.
"After using my friends Winsor and Newton watercolours, I immediantly set off to by my own. Overall, I was quite pleased with the product as I found the colours were mixable and pigmented. The size of the box is really nice for travelling as well. The brush was as I expected it to be - okay. It doesn't work as well as my pentel aquash but still applies paint to paper, which is what it was made to do. I personally enjoyed the colour selection (sorry for my bad swatches) but I do wish that they swapped out alizarin crimson hue for a brighter red shade. The worst thing about the product is just that about half the paints came out of their pans so better glue would be better. However, I am still pleased with the product!"
"The colors are great and very pigmented and its small enough to carry around, it has all the basic colors that one might need"
It is a quality product and it is very pleasing to do drawing with this product :)
"Excellent high quality travel set. My daughter loves these Winsor Newton travel water color sets. Uses hers daily during and after school. Have purchased a number of these over the last few years. A definite ""must have"" for any art student."
This is a wonderful portable set of watercolors with plenty of space for mixing watercolor. I have a couple of these sets.
Wife loved this kit and uses frequently.
"Beautiful colors and mix well together, wish it had at least all the basic colors. Was lacking black."
"I got this as a Christmas gift this year, and couldn't wait to try them out after I got them. I can confirm they're very very nice!! I'd 100% recommend them to anyone that's wanting to get into watercolors more seriously."
Great color and texture to these water colors!
"Great palette, very nice and small, love how I can take it around with me in my bag!! ^^ very nice quality pigments as well"
Nice an Fast
What was expected and good value.
My Girlfriend love it.
"This is my first water color pallet. The little tubs are tricky to remove but they fit snug once they snap in. One issue I had was when my paints were dry, the colors that I had yet to use fell out of their tubs but after all of my colors have been wet down and used I no longer have that problem. I think the colors are vibrant. The set has two plates that can be removed which is nice and I have plenty of space in each of the sections on the plate to mix my colors. It is small enough to fit in my purse or my back pack when I am traveling. I think these paints are a good investment if one does not want to spend a ton of money. I think these paints are pretty decent for beginners and travelers."
my daughter is an artist. she is in love with this because i didn't know actually what i was buying for her.
"WHY I BOUGHT IT:
I have always wanted to learn how to paint with watercolors but I don't have any experience, so I spent a few hours reading reviews and watching tutorials, and I noticed that this set was often recommended as being perfect for beginners, so I gave it a shot, but I didn't have any expectations.

WHAT YOU GET:
I bought the Sketchers Pocket Box; which contains 12 assorted Cotman Water Color half pans:

- 346 Lemon Yellow Hue
- 109 Cadmium Yellow Hue
- 103 Cadmium Red Pale Hue
- 003 Alizarin Crimson Hue
- 660 Ultramarine
- 327 Intense Blue
- 696 Viridian Hue
- 599 Sap Green
- 744 Yellow Ochre
- 074 Burnt Sienna
- 076 Burnt Umber
- 150 Chinese White

The plastic box also features a handy mixing palette in the lid and contains a pocket brush.

DOES IT WORK?
Well, considering that I didn't have any experience and that I was able to paint the Golden Gate bridge (photo attached) just by following a couple of tutorials, I must say that I am impressed.
The kit contains a great assortment of colors that are very easy to mix if needed. Also, having a mixing palette in the lid is great for painting when you are traveling. Lastly, the pocket brush is not amazing, but I used it to paint the suspension cables of the bridge and the result was satisfactory.

PROS:
- Great assortment of colors
- Handy mixing palette in the lid of the box
- The pocket brush is a nice addition

CONS:
- It's not easy to clean the palette completely"
Purchased for Christmas present and it seems to be excellent gift.
Thank you. Just what my daughter wanted for Christmas
A little smaller than I expected!
Beautiful rich colors and goes a long way! Not chalky like cheap watercolors.
"Bought two watercolor traveling sets for school and on the go.  I bought a Winsor & Newton set because I liked how compact it looks, plus the colors are vibrant.

I am used to working small and with limits, so the 12 colors were enough.  I liked how solid the pallet is, but wished that the pots were able to fit snug in the wells.  Even the colors were loose from the pots.  A quick fix was wetting all my colors and letting them dry to the plastic pot.  I will be using cement glue to fasten the pots to the wells.  Not really sure what else to do.  But overall I am happy with this set."
"Love the value of cotman paints, but they are still wonderful to watercolor with!"
love love love these! very pigmented
"The colour and plastic quality is great, good to use outdoors.

The colour fillings are rather small, this is the only consequence but overall it is a great product. Very soft touch so you need to paint with a soft brush."
"I have not actually tried this but so far according to the reviews I have read, Winsor and Newton is one of the best yet affordable Water Colour in the market.  If one wants to begin to learn how to water color, this is the product.  When it arrived, the packaging came in with a small brush which I did not expect and the basic colors.

It totally feels premium!"
14 year old loves that paints.  Only complaint is that there's no black and he feels that's hard to mix.
"Cute little Travel pack, fits right in the palm of your hand."
"I got a travel size with 12 colors. That's all I need! I created a color chart and mixed about 36 shades out of that. I could go further more. I had so much fun with exploring shades of the color. The only thing I'm not satisfied is that I ran out of palette space pretty soon. But overall, love the quality of W&N!"
very handy and very small to take it everywhere.
Awesome palette for an on the go painter! It's the perfect size to throw into a bag and go. Comes with a small travel sized paint brush and each pan of paint is individually wrapped. The pigments are great quality!
Excellent quality!  Arrived quickly
wonderful! this is my fave brand. highly recommended
Simply a great water color set for my hikes in western Colorado.
"Got this to have a smaller set that I could take anywhere to use.  Sometimes I've taken it to the family room and set up to paint while I watch TV with my puppy who is snuggled down in here big bed/pillow.  I have a bigger set but these are perfect for taking out on the patio or out to the park or lake.  Really nice.  I know they are not the artist level pains, but I'm a beginner so the WN Cotmans are just fine for me. They are vibrant and I have had no issues with blending them at all.  Taking a smaller set to use challenges me sometimes because mixing is new to me, but I'm learning."
This is an excellent compact watercolor set - very high quality. I only wish there were half pan refills for the set.
"I bought this for my artist daughter to carry with her. Cotman paint is student grade, but it works fine for watercolor sketching. There are plenty of colors to mix anything you want."
"The set is nice but I find the colors to be too light and warm to be a balanced palette. Going to use up the paint and fill the pans with my own tube paint, will be a great little travel kit at that point."
"Love this case. Handy, convenient, versatile, compact and of course the paints are creamy, blends well. Will recommend and continue to use."
Christmas gift
"Excellent watercolors,... colors very well defined, practical and comfortable size to carry travel, I recommend,"
best student grade watercolors and at a great price too
Good 
great colors
"My sis is happy for it, that is all what I have to say :)"
Great product.
Thanks!
"If HOWARD SAYS they're the best, I'll try them."
Colors are very rich and size great for traveling.
Love it. Perfect size to fit in a pocket or daypack. A cup a water and your brushes and you're set. The included brush is a bit abbreviated for my large hands. Would recommend.
The colors are amazing and it's great for small scale work.
Very well made. Brilliant compact design. Wish there was a more pure red included in the colors.
Perfect 
Pretty colors but arrived broken
good
Lovely little set that I keep in my bag at all times.  I am new to watercoloring and I figured I should start small to see if this is something I will continue to do.  The colors are great and I intend to purchase more watercolors and continue attempting to paint for years to come.
I bought this set a while back to have somthing to use with my pocket sketchbooks and it's so perfect! I do wish there was purple in it already it was easy enough to find one to go in it. I carry it everywhere. It's the perfect size and the colors are nice. If you're looking for something simple or for on the go this is definitely for you. I love it.
very good products
Only complaint is that the name of the paint is on the side of each little cup and I have to pull them out whenever I want to verify the color I am using. Wish there was a way they could print on the box around the edges of each well.
:)
"This product is a very good size for taking along with you when you travel or just want to have some art supplies with you when you go out. The color selection is nice and includes most of the basic colors. The blending area is sufficient for making a few different colors even though it is small. I haven't had the opportunity yet to use it much, but tried the set out when I received it. The colors are very easy to work with and perform well. They flow nicely with the water and blend very well."
"Excellent buy with amounts to last a long while. Top quality paints, recommended by my adult education teachers and professional artists."
"I love this set of paints. Pricy for student grade, they are worth every penny. The colors are vibrant with a great pigment load. High
T recommended."
Perfect beginner set. Great brand and it gets you used to the colors you're most likely to use in your practice.
as described
"This set is an awesome deal. 14 colors for $16. Can't beat that. It came with Chinese white. I took that color out and added a skin tone color. Now my pallet is perfect for me. I also switched out the paint brush and put a mini Koi waterbrush in its place. Works better for me that way. All n all. I'm geeked about this purchase. And happy the paints turned out brighter than expected.
^_^"
The color is very beautiful!!! Very High Quality Watercolor and the best out there. My favorite set. Highly Recommended.
I am teaching myself to watercolor and this is a great set for that. I love its size in that it is very compact; I recently took it on a mini vacation with my husband and was able to play around while I was away. Definitely recommend as a starter set.
"I love Winsor & Newton Cotman palettes. I have more than I will admit. Out of all of them, I feel this one is the perfect size. The&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Sketchers-Pocket-Box/dp/B00004THXI/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Sketchers Pocket Box</a>&nbsp;is too small for me and only offers three little wells to mix in. The&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Pocket-PLUS-Set/dp/B000ILZAXI/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Pocket PLUS Set</a>&nbsp;is a satisfactory buy, but it's oddly chubby and feels clunky, although I like all of the mixing wells it offers.

I have limited space on my desk and lately I've found myself using this rather than my full-sized palette because it's just more convenient. My one complaint is the way the lid is attached. When I work, I keep the mixing wells closest to me and the colors furthest from me. However, with this palette, it's awkward to do that because the lid when open sits in such a way that the wells are flat and the colors slant downwards. It's hard to describe. Just look at the photos :) I still work my usual way, but it's odd to have the colors slanting away from me.

Other than that one small complaint, which I am getting used to, I really like this palette. I like the shape, the design, the simplicity, the size. I haven't yet tried the pocket brush, but I expect it will be decent quality because it's W&N. Some people will find this box too large for outdoor sketching. I find it's just on the edge of being too large. It measures approx. 5x3x1 inches. Cheers!"
My favorite watercolor set. It travels with me everywhere!
"I really wish cheap student-grade kit colors wouldn't be recommended as ""good gifts for the crafters in your life"", like this is on the Amazon Holiday gift-giving guide. All-in-one sets and cheap kits are usually subpar, and that leads to frustrating results.
Give a gift of quality paints."
I bought this set for a friend who recently took up watercoloring while traveling.  I have the same set that I bought about 20 years ago and use every time I travel.  I have not had to replace any of the colors yet and it looks like it still has another 20 years left in it!  I recommend it to everyone I know.
Great little box! And the color it provided is very beautiful.
"I love this thing!  This,  paired with a nice water brush pen (i use pentel aquash)  is pretty much all you need to watercolor anywhere,  anytime.  It makes it so much easier to paint.  Its about the size of my very small hand and can fit in any bag i have and most mens pockets.  Ive been usong it for months and the colors haven't run out yet,  but when they do,  i can just refill them c:"
"The tiny pans will fall out unless you glue them in, so not really practical for field use. Good quality."
"This is my favorite portable kit; the colors are bright and the case feels luxurious. When you receive the package, the paints are individually wrapped and it feels like you are unwrapping tiny little gifts. I got this to use on the go with the Pentel Arts Aquash Water Brush and I love it."
Great Colors
I really like the quality of these watercolors. Only problem is the pans are a bit smaller than I expected and they are to close together so you risk getting paint in your other colors. Other that great product.
As described.
I am so excited to start using my watercolor set. Pleased with purchase.
awesome watercolors!!!
The payne's grey is amazing. I'll get a brighter red in the future since alizarin red is a bit dull. I stop using the turquoise!
"I had to secure the little containers because they fell, but the product is great for traveling"
"Pros:
Good colors, good pigments. Nice palettes. Additional space for 3 tubes.
Cons:
It is big for such amount of colors. Really. A lot of free space between pans - just holes what is unusable for mixing.
Pan holders are really bad: they don't hold pans without paper wrappers: so it just fly out of them. So you need thermal glue to lock pans in holders.
This is really and really bad: because i choice this one as an addition to pocket set to have an ability to change colors in a pocket one for street walks. But now this set is just giant home container."
I love this paint set! I'm new to watercolor and want some good quality paints that weren't too expensive and went with these. The colors are nice and vibrant and have lasted me a while even though they look pretty small and I have been trying to paint something everyday. Once I run out I will definitely be buying this brand again.
I love this set it so handy and the colors are so vibrant.
Nice vibrant pigment... In comparison to crayola. Not as rich as grumbacher or uchtrich but a great mid-line paint for the price.
This is a great pocket kit of watercolor.
Authentic Windsor and Newton kit. Quality you might expect.
"Compact set of Watercolors that's all you'll need to take while on vacation.  Make your own post cards to send to friends or capture images to be refined once you get home.
I"
"After buying the winsor water color pocket edition, I find myself painting even more as I always keep it handy in my bag. It allows me to paint anywhere and anytime. Perfect for those moments where you are walking in the park and get inspired to just paint whatever that's in front of you. The individual paint colors come in blocks about 1cm cubed. It does look small but the colors hold up really well. I was shocked by how efficient the paint colors are. It seems like no matter how much I use it to paint, the colors just don't run out."
"Is an awesome product for urban sketching, despite the quality of the brush pen isn't the best but it still professional looking, minimalist and very portable."
"My daughter loves it, small and compact and just what she wanted"
Perfect for traveling and on the go when visiting many sites.
"I bought the pocket set to have something compact to carry with me for plein air sketches. The little paint brush is a nice touch, but I didn't try that as I intend to use a set of water brushes when I am out and about. The paints are pigmented very nicely and pack a punch. The pans themselves are very easy to set up and tidy--when I've run out of the paint it's nice to know that I can reuse this palette by filling it with tube paints. I might even invest in the studio palette for use at home!!!"
Right on time Great product
Nice and compact. Also much cheaper than in store.
"This is a sketches field kit. It is compact and extremely handy. It is perfect for when I'm on train with my mini water brush and pocket watercolor pad. Fits in my handbag outer pocket. Many reviewers stated the size issue...it does say ""pocket box"". I'm extremely happy with and would buy again."
This water color paint set my Winsor & Newton is awesome. I link to small size for traveling and it only takes very little paint to do the job. Love it is all I can say.
"I just received it and tested it. I am really surprised with the results. For the price!... it's perfect.  Kinda student/professional quality set.  Very small, convenient for travel or daily carry in a small bag."
"My daughter loves these water colours, and I think she was surprised at how nice they really were! We would definitely buy them again."
You can always count on Winsor & Newton for quality products
Love the color and pan!
"I love these paints. They're vibrant, easy to work with,  blend well and are perfectly happy refilling my cotman travel pallet. Amazing for beginners and students, especially for the price."
"Very nice watercolor set. Colors are standard colors, not cutesy ones like ""hot pink"" etc. In order to make both sides of the box lay flat, cut the blue plastic hinge at the seam line. Good quality brush, holds a fine point. Enjoy!"
"I love these paints! <3
I do wish there were two different reds but either way they are still very nice paints, looks vibrant on paper and much better quality than I am used to."
"A little smaller than I expected when I opened it up, but it's handy for on the road. I'll take this with me when I travel and want to paint something. I usually like a bigger palette (this one is really tiny). It would be nice if Winsor Newton could put a water brush in this palette. But five stars for the quality of the paints."
"I love this set so much! It makes me feel like I have a little treasure box of color! Colors are beautiful, quality is perfect, and one could easily take it anywhere. I'm getting another to give as a gift."
Handy travel paint set. Fits on your hand/arm nicely.  Nice bold color pallette.
"Great quality colors, it doesn't feel cheap and the case is so solid"
Our little artist (she's 13) LOVES this set. It's small enough to where she can take it just about anywhere with her. She loves the pigments and the raves about there.
Great product for the price. I'm new to watercolors and heard great things about Winsor and Newton.  I was not disappointed.  Each pan was individually wrapped but I liked that I knew they were brand new.  The colors are so rich and smooth.  I now want a larger set with more colors!!
Love the snap out pallets! Great paint quality and the size 3 brush is now one of my favorites! Very happy with my purchase!
Great product- compact so super easy to take anywhere- true colors for the pro or hobbyist-  love this little set!
Great quality and portable for putting in your purse or backpacking.
"Really like this little set! I recently bought this other set https://www.amazon.com/Winsor-Newton-Cotman-Colour-Compact/dp/B00004THXH/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1472576228&sr=8-1&keywords=cotman+compact+watercolor+set to try out watercolor painting and I really like it but it was still a little larger than I wanted for taking with me.  The other pocket set https://www.amazon.com/Winsor-Newton-Cotman-Colour-Compact/dp/B00004THXI/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1472576228&sr=8-1&keywords=cotman%2Bcompact%2Bwatercolor%2Bset is a bit cheaper which is great but the brush is TINY.  Nothing but detail work is possible.  The best thing about these sets is that the pans are all removable so I can swap around what I want in each set.  The basics are repeated but after buying the compact set I felt I wanted a few other colors, even though I can mix.  Mostly I wanted the black, violet and gray.  I think these are great paints for someone just starting out who wants something better quality but still affordable. They mix nicely and a little goes a LONG way.

But I mostly love this set because of the water brush! I wasn't sure about it at first, considering how simple it looks, but it goes together easily AND securely, the pieces are tight enough when fitted together that it doesn't leak around the join, even with pressure.  Now the tip stays nice and pointy and seems to be continuously wet, but does not leak a bunch of water out.  That is until you squeeze it, then it does let out large beads above the tip if you push too hard.  I found that very gentle pressure wets the brush without the big drop of water coming out and possibly ruining your work.  This is my first water brush and I REALLY like it.  The tip on this is still fairly small, but I mostly like working on smaller pieces anyway.  You can also fit the brush in the pan when it's filled with water, and the area holding the brush is smartly thought out.  It has inserts that keep the brush from sliding around, so the brush won't slide left or right, risking the tip being smushed against the side.  I discovered also that the tip comes apart into two pieces as well, which means you could easily rinse the brush out for cleaning when you get home, etc.

If I had found this set first I would have bought it instead of the compact set probably but I like having both.  The compact set has more areas for mixing, and has a nice thumb hole for holding on to it which is convenient if you don't have a flat surface to set your paint on, and even a little side pan for water (I use it for another mixing spot). The water brush also fits into the compact set if you wanted to take it along in that.  The thing that I prefer about this set though is that the pans are more separated, AND they fit down into the openings for them. On the compact set there are these little bits that stick out which seem to be meant to hold the pans in if you push them down, but instead I found that they either don't do that at all, OR the pans pop back up flying out of the compact completely. So I've just let them be but then they stick up and jiggle around."
love this! great quality! but remember that this is smaller than you might think!
Excellent product
Excelent product!
it's good
VERY NICE SET WITH LOTS OF COLORS.
"I LOVE this watercolour set so much! This was the first time I ever used watercolour and this set was very impressive to work with. The colours were highly pigmented and lovely consistency no matter the amount of water you use with the paint. Only complaint I have is that I wish I had purchased a larger set with more colours, because I do love to use as many colours as I can get my hands on."
Good quality
These are my favorite watercolors.
"Beautiful psints, if you have arthritis plan to have someone available to help you unpack the tiny trays."
This is very adorable and easy to use. I love the pans and paints but I wish they included black.
"Amazing set, love it!"
"It is a great size to get to know the brand. The colors are vibrant and a great selection to mix whatever colors I need. I can take the palette any time, it's a great travel size."
Perfect little set! Love the brush that came with it.
Excellent. I can try out all colors and pick my favorites to purchase in larger tubes.
I love it
"I bought this Winsor & Newton Cotman Pocket Plus watercolor set for my trip to thailand for some plein air plainting.

It can promptly and on time, each pan was individually wrapped, and the name of the color written on the side of each pan, for when refilling or replacing the pans when the color runs out. The set comes with two cadmium yellows one in a pale hue, two reds on cadmium pale hue one alizarin, two blues one ultramarine one cobalt, two greens one viridian one sap, three earth tones in yellow ochre, burnt sienna and burnt umber, and lastly a chinese white. There isn't a really true red in this set (wouldve preferred a cadmium red over the pale hue), but if you mix the red pale hue with the alizarin you get a nice red. It also comes with a small watercolor brush for sketching and painting. It isn't something I would only use, I tend to bring a few of my favorite brushes, with sponges and small water-containers in their own little bag, but if need be i can just carry this around and be set. The pans are four per little case and there are three cases in the set. They can be pulled out easily and rearranged if needed.

While doing some color swatches of the 12 half pans, this quality is about equal to my Sakura Koi Field Sketch Set with 24 wells. I am satisfied with the pigmentation, the colors come out bright, and have a smooth gradient with no chalky finish, as to be expected with these types of paints. I opted for this set for its portability and compact size, half the size of my Sakura Koi Set (half the colors but they have the 12 main ones that cover spectrum quite well).  I've included a photo of the swatches as well as some smaller swatches of mixing the complementary colors. As well as a size comparison between the two sets.

The set comes with two palettes that can be taken out, the first one can connect to the bottom, the other can remain in the lid, but if you requite more mixing room it is removable, the only issue is it is a little difficult to take out at first, but I am sure with some love over time it will be easier. This brings me to one of the few issues I have with this palette, it does not lay flat as depicted on the box, it tends to stay up which makes the palette fall over if left alone, This is not a big issue for me, seeing with time Im sure the plastic will wear down or if i take a blade to it and create a grove for it to lay flat.

Over all this set is exactly what I was looking for, compact size, good amount of mixing wells/space and pigmentation.

The only con I have about this set is that the pans although will not fall out, do slide and tip slightly do to the space between each. I am sure sticking a tiny bit of sponge between them or a dot of hot glue under the pans would be a simple fix.

**Note** The Ruler depicted is in CM **"
"My daughter whips this paint set out everywhere. First she does a quick sketch and then starts coloring it in with this small kit that is about the size of a larger cell phone. People look furtively over at our table but since my daughter is shy, she doesn't encourage onlookers. LOL."
"I love the sketchers pocket box.  It's An amazing set, really compact. The case it's self is pretty little but feel durable. The paint brush that comes with the set is, I believe atleast a full synthetic brush. The paints are of course student grade cotman, but they're good paints. I prefer cotman paints when I go do plain air sketches. The one reason this did not get five stars is because it come with Chinese White. Now I'm not saying that it's a bad thing to put white in a watercooor set, I just never use it out in the field. So I just replaced it with a paynes grey. Overall, good set."
smaller than expected
"I love this little pocket watercolor pallet.. This brush is small but it works fine for me at the moment. I'm not very mobile so this is perfect. And who doesn't like wins or & Newton paints. Any type they make is always a great product. I've done several paintings with this little box & I think it's just great. I'm thinking of getting another to have for later. Plus I'd love to get some of my granddaughters a box. Several of them love to draw & paint. Your never to young & never to old to enjoy the benefits of art, & how good it makes you feel to make something. I'm a frequent customer of Amazon & they are always a delight to order from! Thank you G. Gassen"
Very nice little set.  Each color comes individually wrapped.
Perfect to pop into your purse for an outdoor jaunt.  The paint brush is only good for detail and outline - you will want to grab at least a flat brush too.  Winsor & Newton quality paints.  Compact style case.
Lovely pallete and pan set :D great vibrant colours and love that both sides fold out.
Nice set. My 6 year old grandson likes the water reservoir and the pans to mix colors in. It's small enough to take with you. I am just learning to watercolor and like this set.
"This is my first Winsor & Newton Cotman palette! I am an artist but i have always stuck to drawing pencils and acrylics. I decided a few months ago to try it all! After watching reviews on what paints do what and what to expect; I came to the conclusion that this is a good starter set. I got this a set of Koi, a set of Sakura Gansai Tambi and a tin of prima. I am surprised to find that I love the manipulation of color through water. Completely different than acrylic which has the same density of pigment through out. Also the building of color from light to dark is opposite from what I usually do which is to lay down my darks and fill in light..but since watercolor artists frown upon using white, you just go backward with much forethought and planning about how you want it to turn out. Anyway...This set of watercolors has rich pigment. They have a lovely flow. I love the field kit palette the removable mixing trays make it easy to paint and to clean up. For the price, you really can not go wrong with this set!"
Excellent product!
great water colors
My daughter uses this daily and loves it!
Haven't tried them out yet but they look pretty awesome!
"This is my third ""spitbox"" and love it. The colors are fantastic and the ease of use in the field is fantastic."
"I bought it as my first ever watercolor paints to try it on. I read reviews and my opinion is the same. I like it, the quality is there and colors are good. I like the little brush which comes with it, it allows me to do nice lettering. But I don't understand the rubber..it's too too soft like a creamy texture and I don't understand how to use it. I will play more with colors and explore more. And will purchase more colors later."
"The colors are surprisingly GOOD in this set.  I bought it on a whim because I wanted a small palette to travel with.  I thought i'd change the pans out for different colors but I've yet to do that.  I really enjoy painting with this set!  The palette is GREAT.  Small, functional, good mixing space.  The included brush is silly, but I kept it."
"Exceptional travel kit, I have it with me everywhere i go and feel like painting, brush is nothing spectacular, i use a set of travel brushes from Da Vinci, but the set has enough colors to make your painting outside and on the go a breeze. Good quality paint, easy to work with, has plenty of pallets space. I am in love with it. very lightweight. Note: because the little plastic cubes come out easily, i used the double tape to stick the plastic to the actual case and for the actual paint cubes, I added a drop or two of water to the plastic case, then the paint such to the plastic, so it never comes off now. Also it is good to double tape rather then glue, so you can replace the color with ease when it is finished. Purchase with confidence, on amazon it is the best price also( I checked all the art supply stores they are selling for double the money)"
It's a great quality water color set
High quality water color. Very satisfied.
"I was excited to relieve these watercolors having heard artists recommending  them. Sadly the quality of the watercolors is poor
, with very little
pigmant gripping the  water color
paper. I did a size by side comparison of these with the set of Sennelier
 Water color travel set I purchased here last year. The latter are fully pigmented and float beautifully across the paper; where as the windsor newton are pale and wash away when used with the

Sennelier"
very portable and fun to use
I've always wanted to do watercolor so I figured I'd give this palette a try since I'm a beginner. And let me tell you that I'm really happy I made this purchase. If your a beginner like me this is perfect for you. It is smaller than I expected but I had no problem with it. This is perfect for traveling as well. Also it doesn't offer a lot of colors but you can definitely learn and experiment. I will definitely re-purchase again but I'm looking to purchase the bigger palette next time.
"Great watercolor paints, very small though! Dont recommend using unless on the go."
"Perfect little paints! Great quality, as can be expected with this brand. The one thing that is a tad annoying is that the pots fall out occasionally. Nothing that cant be fixed with a little double sided tape or hot glue but thats the one flaw. Otherwise, perfect colors and consistency of paint."
"Love these water colors! The color is great, they're easy to work with, and a great price."
Tiny package of great paints....perfect for travel.
gift for a friend who absolutely loves this palette!  Great price - better prices than purchasing from Michael's with a coupon!
"Wonderful colors, great quality."
I love this little set the colors are really nice but my favorite part is the pallet and I can refill the watercolors when they run out its really nice to have this little case for when I go places I can take my watercolor with me I love painting to help me relax
"I'm just getting into adding color to my sketches, and it's been a long time since I used watercolors so the less expensive Cotman line is perfect for my budget and longevity needs. This unit is small, with all the colors I need for just about any kind of work I'm doing, with plenty of mixing space. The included brush is great for detail work, but I use a larger brush for the washes, even when just painting ACEOs. I like to keep my supplies handy, so the compact size of this is perfect, it fits in my everyday bag without issue."
bought this for when I travel.  simple way to paint while I am visiting others.
I love these at home or on the go
"I'm on vacation, and I bought this set to bring with me. The paints are a good quality, and the colors are vibrant. Some reviewers say they've had problems with the pans falling out; I have not. They are securely set in the case. Maybe Winsor & Newton addressed the problem. One reviewer said it took her two hours to unwrap the cakes and put them in the case. This has to be an extreme exaggeration. I've certainly had worse inconveniences than unwrapping cakes of watercolor.

I highly recommend this set to any adult starting out in watercolors. It's something you should always keep in your watercolor supplies. Several years ago the professor in a university art class I took, told the class to buy this set for our projects."
"This was the first ""more expensive"" watercolor palette that I have purchased. So far I am extremely pleased with it. It is smaller than I anticipated. The colors are extremely pigmented and activate with minimal water. The top of the lid has three sections to mix colors, which is very handy. The small brush that comes with it isn't ideal for use, but when travelling it would work fine. As far as price goes, it was well worth it. I have seen this same palette in craft stores for a little less than double what I paid on Amazon for it."
"Great price, quick service, no surprises.  Thanks."
Wonderful little set.
"I'm learning watercolors, though I've done ink and acrylic paintings as well as other art in the past, and this has been a great set for me. Don't be put off by the small size, watercolors go much further than you would think and though I've used these several times, including using just a handful of colors on a medium-sized piece, I haven't put a dent in the pans. It's not artist quality but these paints produce vivid colors, mix well, and go on smoothly. The palette is roomy with many wells, seems quite sturdy, and closes tightly (not air-tight--but most watercolor palettes are not air-tight from what I can tell, and you can easily rewet the paints for use later). I've let paint dry on the palette and rewet later, and it comes back nicely. There's a good selection of colors to begin with here. As I learn more I'll probably upgrade to an artist-quality set but I have nothing but good things to say about this."
"What a great starter set for those who want to seriously get into watercolor. Its student grade quality, but you get a wide range of paint here to play with. Its also fairly small, so its great for taking on the go to do field sketches, or even to go on vacation with you. The brush it comes with isn't all that great, but the paints are fantastic."
WAY too small. I thought this was going to be even just a little bit bigger than it actually was. I assume the colors are good to spend 13 bucks for something so small. I didn't open it because I returned it. Very bad misrepresentation of how big it is. If you're looking for small watercolors. This is the perfect product for you.
Love this set
"Love this field set.... Love the replaceable pans (although this comes with Cotman colors -- which i find work just fine - you can replace pans was needed with half pans of the Artist quality Colors.  Bought this for  plein air painting, but use it at home all the time!  Compared pricing on this set for a long time among a bunch of art supply outlets - Amazon definitely had best pricing..."
"Everything about this kit was exactly what I needed. The variety of colors and the high quality pigmented paints really gives you the best range of color mixing. I purchased a brush pen with a water reservoir for this palette and it is my go-to for watercolor sketching. Small and portable, with plenty of palette space for mixing color, the colors dry vivid and last a long time. I've recommended this to lots of my peers in art school and they've gotten them for themselves and say the same things. The only downside to the palette is if you mix a ton of paint on the palette, you cannot just close the lid. You've got to wait for the paint in the mixing wells to dry, or simply wipe it out with a paper towel. The navy blue rubber cover is a bit odd as you have to slide it in place, not snap it in. I usually just leave it off all together and find it closes just fine without it. Great little kit to toss in a bag and head outside for some plein aire painting or to have on a desk in the studio as it hardly takes up any space!"
Product as described
"I love this set of watercolors. It's my very first set and I'm so glad that I chose this set over the Koi and Kuretake sets as W&N is always reliable, pigmented, and of high quality.  I was shocked at first by how tiny this palette is. It really is pocket sized! The colors are beautiful and vibrant. I especially LOVE the Viridian Hue color, what a unique turquoise! I like how the green is very natural--you can use it right of out the pan for trees or grass. The brush that comes with the set is puny and short, I highly doubt that it will be of any use. I like to pair my Pentel Aquabrushes with these paints for on-the-go painting for their convenience and similar size (but they won't fit in the watercolor set). The only flaw of this palette is how easily the pans can fall out, but this can easily be fixed with some hot glue. However, I wouldn't recommend that as the issue isn't too bothersome and I'll probably need to replace colors after they are used up since the pans are quite small. This is a great deal for your money and you definitely won't regret buying this set!"
"Very tiny set, but just what I wanted.  I haven't opened this set yet, but I bought this to replace another set which I lost.  I liked it a lot."
"These paints have a very good pigment and I love them a lot. I water color as a hobby and I think these are perfect. I was disappointed there wasn't a black in the 14 piece compact set I got for traveling, but I still give it 5 star. I would highly reccomened this product!"
Used this in a watercolor course at my college and was very impressed. Quality really is so important. Knowing how to dull color is super important. The paper also really matters. Wrinkely paper is no fun. Im using arches cold press block. The edges are sealed until you cut them appart with an exacto knife.
"its a good little kit for the money. compared to several hundreds of dollars worth of watercolor sets, these hold up with the best of them."
Get them!
"This is an amazing little travel set.  The best, most compact and most complete set I've ever used.  I like it so much that I bought one for my sister."
"Quite professional, quality water colors.  Pretty good price, as well.  I would have liked a true cadmium yellow that is not as close to a muted hue.  The other primary colors are almost true to the color wheel.  (They would be just perfect if you're not a pro."
"This is a great travel set of watercolors! It's the perfect size for taking with you anywhere to do some quick paintings. It has a nice range of colors, but I do wish there was a true red and a black. That would however either make the pallet bigger, or the pans smaller, so for the size it's as close to perfect as I've seen."
"These are by far my favorite watercolors. The paints were only $11 for me, so it was well worth the money, and my favorite pieces have been created by them. These watercolors are superior compared to my other watercolors (Koi, Artist's Loft, and other Japanese imported sets). I would definitely buy these again."
Fantastic easy to travel with and high quality paints.
"Such nice quality! The small and compact design makes it so easy to toss into my bag and travel around. I wasn't expecting much from the brush it comes with, but I was very amazed by the quality of it. The brush amy seem small, but it retains alot of water and distributes the color well. Winsor and Newton watercolors are definitely a must for any aspiring artists who wants quality but still affordable products!"
"These pan paints are great for travelling since they come in such a small and quaint little container. Nevertheless, it is a bit of a mess. I'm a beginner and I'm not very used to painting with aqueous media, so my pans do get a bit dirty, what with all the paints so close together. That said, this set is great, and the colors are very mixable."
This tiny little set is great!  I love it.
Perfect travel set. Includes everything a traveller would need in an ideal compact set.
"Great bargain - ""refurbished"""
Love this little travel set! Rich colors for on the go!
"Didn't read the dimensions so when it came i was quite shocked at how tiny it was but i think i fell in love because of how small it actually is!! I can legit carry this anywhere and everywhere!! The pans were kinda loose in the housing but just put some blue tack underneath the pans and pushed them down, good enough for me. Paintbrush is a nice bonus, love how compact it is altho i wish the dividers were removeable just because i feel if i had a colour i used often i would like to have it in a full pan but unfortunately the housig dividers don't allow for that haha maybe i'll just have to keep refilling it or put 2 halfpans for that colour"
It arrived just on time and nothing was damaged!
Beautiful and vibrant watercolor.
"When I bought this palette I didn't realize how small it was. Its about 5 x 2.5 inches. I also didn't realize that the palette didn't have a black included, which at first was a little annoying but a black can easily be mixed with the colors included in the palette. I really enjoy the blues and the greens. There are cool and warm tones which can give you a lot of versatility.

I've also used the little brush thats included. Its a small detail brush. You cant really use it for bigger works or big areas. But it's still a nicer brush.

In terms of the pans, they are quite shaky. Meaning that the pans can fall off. Hoever thats easily fixable with some glue. But the palette itself is very secure and won't open very easily.

In all, I am very satisfied with this purchase. I would love to purchase their bigger palettes and give them a try. However, for the time being, this little palette is going to forever be in my bag."
"Of all the different media that can be used to sketch and paint in the field, watercolor paints are the simplest to stick in a pocket or backpack and just go.  This little gem of a plein aire kit is the simplest, smallest, and most complete designed to date.  12 half pans of colors perfect for landscape painting, two fold out mixing palettes, a #2 good quality brush that breaks down and stores in the short handle, a plastic water bottle, and the kit cap holds it all together.  There's even smidgen of a sponge and a pivoting ring for hanging the kit on a backpack or belt.

April 7, 2017 edit:  Since writing this review I've discovered the ring is a thumb ring to assist with holding the kit while painting.  Still a nifty ring for snap-ringing to a belt loop or back pack, but the design intent is help hold it while painting.

Quite often decent quality art supplies are just as expensive on Amazon as on other sites, but this product is an exception to that rule.  It is lower priced here than at Blick or Jerry's, the two biggie 'cut rate' art supply stores/websites.  Even factoring in prime membership this one is a better deal financially.

My only complaint is that it isn't bigger with a higher capacity water bottle, larger palette areas, more colors, and more brushes.  But then it wouldn't be the ideal watercolor field kit.  This one is for quick sketching in the field, not for painting highly detailed landscapes, city scenes, or portraits.  The photo accompanying this review was the first sketch made using this kit in my sketch book with 6"" X 4"" pages.  (I'm not Rembrandt, so don't laugh too hard)"
Very good I love this watercolors
I use this daily. It's a terrific set and all you need for field sketching and watercolor. Get a couple of water brushes and you're good to go. Pictured with the Da Vincy travel brush set available on Amazon.
"Great quality paints, all in all."
Very nice quality for the beginning artist.
When compared to a cheaper brand there is no contest. You can't go wrong with Winsor & Newton.
Does a good job and very portable!
I got the Windsor and Newton cotman pocket plus and I love it it is so pigmented and they are great for mixing
"Great size,  and good value."
nice size
Great quality
These colors are so potent and perfect--and also looooong lasting. Love the tiny size of this traveling case and the little brush that's included.
Much smaller than I thought but price was good.
"I bought this set for my granddaughter who is in an advanced high school art class. It is a very cool compact set with a water storage container, brush, paints, it all folds together in a neat little case. She really liked it!"
Nice set with a lot of areas for color mixing.
"I wanted to give watercolors a try, and I was looking for a beginners kit that was moderately priced and small enough to carry. And that was exactly what I got with the Sketchers Pocket Box. The colors are pretty pigmented. And if you have a water brush, you're pretty much set to watercolor on the go!

 To address some concerns in the other reviews:
- Yes, each half pan is individually wrapped. It takes a few minutes out of the box to set everything up, but it's not as arduous as some reviews make it sound.
- Additionally, the cakes do come out of the pans so you need to either watch for how you open the box or you can just dab a drop of water under the cake to essentially use the paint itself as an adhesive to hold in the pan. The pans also don't lock into the box - this is for easy replacement when the time comes, but as fellow-reviewer T. Reed mentioned, that could be easily remedied with double-stick tape or hot glue.
- My one gripe is that the box doesn't include black. I know that you can easily create a dark pigment with a combination of complementary colors, but sometimes, you just need black! Solution - I received a set of watercolor tubes as a gift, and squirted a hefty dab of black into one side of the long tray that holds the included brush. I let it sit for a couple of days until it dried out and now I have black in my kit! You can do this with any color that you feel like the kit is missing. Depending on the size of your dab, you could add about 3-4 additional colors and still have room for the brush."
"The quality of the colors is wonderful and this has become my go to set for painting (on-the-go or anywhere, since I don't have an at-home set). I take it everywhere. The size of the box (which is made out of sturdy white plastic and snaps closed) is very portable while still being large enough to function well. The only con is that the pans don't stay in the box and a few times I have ended up with my watercolors scattered all over the floor. Of course this is not a design flaw and the box is made as such so you can replace the pans when they run out, so I can look past it. I would recommend this for a small travel set or as a gift."
awesome!
Wonderful product.
I love this!
Great when traveling.
Very expensive but it's so cute haha. looks like a transformer
I purchased this kit plus the Koi travel set. I feel that the colors in the Winsor Newton are a more natural set of colors while the koi are more bright and ink-like. Winsor Newton acts more like watercolors should and Koi acts more like ink. I plan to purchase more colors from Winsor and Newton in the future.
"These are the best watercolors. That being said, DO NOT get these at Michel's, you will over pay. Order directly from amazon and save the hassle. [...]"
"Even though they are student grade watercolor paint, they do a decent job and the travel palettes are a good size.  The water holder is useless however, they should have just put in another pan of color or a sponge would have been more useful."
"Very useful little portable water color set. My mother always carried one everywhere, just in case! So, I had to have one."
This paint is great
I like the amount of colors and product size. I think this is a reasonable starter set for practicing.
It is very cool and easy to use for a beginner like me
good
"The tubes were smaller than expected, but at least I have a chance to see if I want to order more of individual colors. So far they worked well in a couple of cards I made."
Excellent!!
"These watercolors are beautiful and good quality. They are creamy, pigmented, and blend easily. The set includes 12 half pans of watercolors and a small brush that works surprisingly well. The set is compact and great for travel or regular use. I would definitely recommend these watercolors!"
excellent! the best decision
"I absolutely love these paints. Just looking at them makes me happy to be honest. It's such a cute set that is perfect for me to take to school. I love the paints and think they work very well. I used to use artist loft before this so it's a very good upgrade. I also love the brush. I think it's adorable and I get some thin lines with it.
Overall, I think it is a great set, I love it."
"I actually didn't buy this on amazon, but I saw this while procrastinating on my schoolwork and decided to post a review because I've been using this quite a few times.

I bought this so that I could paint when I have several hours between my college classes or just out and about and I wouldn't have to bring a clunky palette and such. It fits perfectly in my purse and I carry a little bathroom cup to hold the water in. The colors are amazing! At first, I was a bit skeptical about the fact that there isn't a large variety, I've had no problem with that so far. All I need to do is mix if there's another color that I want. I love the blues and greens, but all the colors are gorgeous and very vibrant. Completely unexpected from an inexpensive palette. The brush is very small, but it works. It's tedious if I'm doing large spaces, but it's very good for doing tiny details. I use small (6x8) sheets of watercolor, anyway, but I don't recommend trying to use this brush on larger sheets. Overall, I'm obsessed with this palette and I've actually painted my favorite work of art so far using these colors."
good
"I love all of the Winsor & Cotman Water Color kits, also much cheaper to buy this way. Excellent product."
"Nice colors. So cute and compact! LOVE it.  Love the brush it come with, too! (Do wish there was a black, though.) Would definitely buy again, for myself, or as a gift."
"Decent for young beginner student quality, but not university quality... The pigments were weak and frustrating to get desired contrast and intensity. Winsor & Newton make some good watercolors but NOT in the Winton brand!"
"I've often had problems with other watercolours where the paint would either never budge after it's dried or it washes off entirely when I so much as try to glaze on another layer of paint. I don't have that issue with these. They dry rather quickly but you can easily revive it, even after it's put on paper, with water and it's easy to blend. The colours are incredibly vibrant and easy to control.

The packaging is great. It's more compact than I thought but that's not exactly an issue. I can carry it with me practically anywhere but there's enough product in there to last long, long time.

The only two small issues: the brush and the pots. The brush is decent if you're planning on painting miniatures or adding detail but, other than that, it's not really for much. Although I didn't expect much out of it in the first place since it was super small and made to be travel size. As for the pots, this is only an issue when you first open it up. Nothing's attached to anything, although I suspect that that's done so you can easily replace the paints. I believe other reviews have left some easy solutions to it but if you want the pots to stay in place just dab on some glue. To keep the paint blocks in the pots, wet the bottom of the paints a bit and press it down into the pots.

It should also be noted that there is no black. Although I'm aware that many people who paint watercolor don't believe in using black, if you're not used to that sort of thing then it would be good to have some on hand."
"This is a nice set of paints. The box holds more than the usual 12. I did find the pans wanted to slide around so I used rubber cement to tack them down. Worked like a charm! I actually saved the cotman paints to refill my smaller pocket box and replaced with the artist grade Winsor and Newton paints which are a bit clearer in color. But even the cotman are nice to work with. I just find they don't mix quite as well for purples and greens. This set has those colors without mixing making it preferable to the pocket box if you prefer cleaner, clearer purples. I have attached my color mixing chart with the professional paints I used to refill my box. If you compare to the cotman sketcher pocket box mixing chart (also below) you can see the colors are brighter and clearer. But the cotmans are still a great set that I use when out and about. I kept the paints from this kit to refill the smaller pocket box."
Nice and compact. Vivid colors!
"I actually got this because I wanted a very small travel box for watercolor pans. I figured I could always toss the paint and replace with my own, but figured I should at least give it a try. They actually aren't at all bad. Much more pigmented than the Sakura Koi. I did a color chart to test out mixing and they did OK, but not great on mixing nice purples and greens. Really only one purple is possible and it's a bit muddy in tone. If getting these for the paints, I would suggest the larger set with 16 colors if you want a purple. It has one in the set that you don't have to mix. But this is a fantastic small box. I've read some state the pans fall out, but if you use it a couple times and get the pans nice an wet so paint seeps down the sides they will stick down. The problem then is really getting them back out! I used a push pin to lever them out when I decided to rearrange the palette. I also did replace the white with a payne's grey which I found to be more useful for creating shadow tones. When the paints are used up I can simply replace with my own tubes or even try out some W&N professional paints perhaps. I can say that if you want a really nice set of paints that mix beautiful purples and greens, try Daniel Smith. I turned my tubes into pans by letting them dry out and they work wonderfully. Very clear color mixes!"
I had one prior to this that I gave my granddaughter. it was wonderful!  Everything fit inside it in a easy non bulky way.  This newer one not great. The water container doesn't have that nice water flask shape like the old one but rather has a different water battle that is totally round cylinder shaped. its bulky and harder to slide in the compartment. Hassle!
Initially I thought this was a great sketchbox but I have since been frustrated by the short amount of time the pans dry out.  Great for sketching on the go but not so good for picking up the pigments.  It takes quite a bit of work to get the pigment out of the pan.  It does help to let it sit in water for a few minutes before working with it but it was still disappointing and the colors weren't as vibrant as the van gogh pans.
A cute little pack! Less pigmented than more expensive watercolors but great!
"One of my favorite go - to watercolor sets. Compared to others, though, are much less pigmented. You get that with cheaper brands though. Great for the price, I have purchased another (smaller) version of this for my adventures in the mountains!"
Windsor and Newton Water Colors are wonderful
"The problem I have with it, is that it does not lay flat when opened. Makes it kind of awkward. I would have chosen a different one if I had known that. I plan on getting different colors as I use these up. Otherwise, I like it for sketching."
"Let me start by saying; this watercolour set is adorable. It's small and easy to fit in your bag or pocket, and ever with it being a 'student' grade, the pigments are rather nice and I can see myself using these for quite awhile, even though I now have an artist grade set from another brand. I feel very attached to this set- it were a nice introduction to watercolours and I thank them dearly for showing me the ropes!"
"I think the people writing negative comments about the container are missing the point.  The plastic case is solid and strong. Each of the components locks in place tightly but it is not difficult to remove them.  With a little examination you can find the pressure points to push against on each component and it pops right out.  The extra mixing tray is securely set into the cover and when you need two trays it lifts easily out of the cover (the cover becomes the second tray) and attaches firmly to the front of the box.
The unwrapping of the paint tubs was slightly tedious but I had them all unwrapped and ready to use in 15 minutes or less.  So maybe the warning should be, ""some assembly required...but not much.""  The paint blocks are loose in the tubs and can fall out.  You can make them adhere to the tub by lifting the paint block out, put a drop or two of water in the tub, put the paint block back in the tub pressing it slightly into the bottom of the tub and let it dry.  The paint block is now secured to the tub.
Love the case, love the design, love the paint, and the size is perfect.  I'd give it more stars if they were available.  Highly recommended."
"I am no artist, just a hobbyist. I like to use watercolors as a spiritual practice with journaling and scripture. As some reviewers have noted, the pans don't lock into place very well. I wadded up tiny pieces of paper towel and stuck them between the misbehaving pans. Other reviewers have said that opening the case is difficult, so I was afraid that would be a problem that would drive me crazy, but the case opens fine for me. Just be sure to press where it says to PRESS...not below, not above, but right on the letters. Just a little gentle pressure opens it up every time."
"I think this is a great starter watercolor set. My only problem was that when I received it, some of the paints were dried out of the half pan. Which isn't a huge problem, it just bugged me a little bit. But other than that, I think that this is a great set. Pigmented colors, but it does come with a white which was a little upsetting. But I can use a different black. Since I am 13, and started watercolors a few months ago, I thought it was time to upgrade to an artist brand. It's amazing quality. I definitely recommend if you're looking for a compact set with a lot of amazingly pigmented colors."
"Compact and functional.  This set has all you need for a plein aire session--even a little brush!  It has nice colors, the mixing wings work well, it has a bottle and cup for water, and it all packs up in a flash."
"This set comes in a lovely small travel case but its definitely a cheaper set of watercolors. Its a good starter set and I often recommend it to people starting out as the colors do mix pretty well. In the end, I keep the case and graduate to better quality paints since the colors are not all lightfast."
very portable and great water color for beginners. blends easily. only thing is that it doesn't have black .... but still like it very much.
You can't go wrong with Winsor & Newton products!
Great watercolors! These are very high quality.
"I really love these paints. I think they are perfect for anyone who is new to watercolor and wants a good starter kit. The brush that is included is really nice. Great sized pots, I can carry this in my purse no problem."
"This is quite a clever little set, I've bust it out a few times on my travels and impressed admiring locals. The design is very satisfying and feels reliable and sturdy, the palettes are sufficient and the travel brush is so cute. So cute. The one thing I did realise, which actually was the reason I wanted the field set instead of just a compact set, is the water bottle is pretty much unnecessary. I can't picture any instance when I would be outside wanting to sketch but not have a bottle of drinking water with me, if I were to find myself in that unfortunate situation I would hardly be focussing on painting. So it's not really necessary for water, but I thought I could put some black ink in there, of perhaps even some resist. It's really a very nice little set for people like me who fantasise about plein air painting and sketching far more than they actually do it."
Good
"Perfect! Exactly what I wanted. Was a little smaller than I expected it but its perfect for travel. The brush included is super versatile as well I used just the brush included for some paintings without having to reach for any other brushes. The quality is great of both the case, paints, and brushes. I have had no problem with any of them and i will probably be ordering another from here if i every need it."
I love it!!!!!! Very portable. I know some people complain that it is hard to put them together. The resolve is: scoop color blocks with the handle of the brush attached in the set. That is much easier and it doesn't do harms on your nails.
Perfect combination specially for a beginner like me.
these are good and real oppacke!!
"I love these paints!! Bright, pigmented and easy to blend and mix. I haven't been able to do much with these paints quite yet but I hope to do a lot with them in the near future."
just what the teacher wanted!
"Very happy with this portable watercolor kit. perfect small size and the one brush it comes with is just the right size for most paintings.
I like the take-out pans and easy cleanup as well as the blocks which can be bought and replaced as they wear out. I would highly recommend this product"
Love it!
"Great paints, nice bright colors."
good productsmaller than the picture
It is what it is.
Christmas gift.
"I'm no artist, but I want to learn and love watercolors. This is a nice beginners set because it has so many colors, but in half-pans so that you have a little bit of everything. There's also a lot of room for mixes, as there are two trays that are removable."
These watercolors are high quality. I'm very impressed. This was my first Winsor & Newton purchase and I plan on returning when I need more or different colors.
"I obtained these 'Cotman Water Colors', from Winsor & Newton, for my first attempt at water coloring and although I'm unable to provide any comparisons I am pleased with the assortment of colors, and the price. I've found the colors blended easily and cover nicely, as well; Two of my grandchildren, ages 4 and 7, were very happy to join me and they were amazed with the results obtained by mixing the colors and diluting with water. We really did have an excellent beginning."
Excellent palette for plein air painting
Its great!
Its great!
"I love this palette for the size and weight. This truly is something that will fit in a pocket. It's so easy to hold in one hand - especially for those who may be older, who have any trouble with things being a little heavy or awkward to hold. Even though I've bought two other empty palette boxes (the nice metal ones which have more mixing room), this is the one I want to take with me all the time, because it's so convenient to hold. I do wish it was just one inch longer to hold maybe 4 more colors and one more mixing area.
Now, that said, I really only love the box. I took the color cakes out and filled the empty pans with tubes of Daniel Smith. I'm sure they're good paint cakes for the price, but once you've used them and are ready to upgrade to creamier paint, you can re-fill with tube paint."
"I try not to be a watercolor materials snob so I continue searching for affordable paints.
I am used to using Daniel Smith ($$$) on finer pieces, but I enjoy using these for practice and less serious pieces.
These colors are okay, I have produced some lovely colors by mixing and messing around with the colors provided.
My biggest complaint is the amount of paint (a lot) you must use in order to produce anything that doesn't look very dull.
I work with a large pallet and in order to get any color on my brush I really have to work the paint in the pallet before applying.
I will continue to buy these because I am frugal and they get the job done well enough."
Love these colors!
"Small, thought it would be larger"
"I really love the quality of the box itself. It's conveniently sized and doesn't feel cheap or fragile. The paints themselves are student grade, but they're easy to extract from their trays while new, so you can swap in artist grade paint. If you're fine with them, just add a little water and they'll dissolve to fix into the tray quite nicely. Comes with a small round tip brush with a cap that can be placed on the reverse to give it a somewhat more reasonable grip, though still quite petite. Capped it's about 3"" (7.5cm) long, with the cap on the reverse about 3.75"" (~9.5cm) not including the brush, which extends 7/16"" (~1cm) beyond. When capped, the brush doesn't nearly fill the space reserved for it, it could have been ~1.75"" (4.5cm) longer and fit quite nicely, and would be more comfortable to hold as a 5"" brush handle.

I ditched the lemon yellow, red pale hue, emerald green, and yellow ochre for separately purchased pale cadmium yellow, cadmium red medium hue, hooker green, and ivory black instead. Also swapped around the arrangement of the trays to suit my preference. As mentioned in a number of other reviews, the trays are not secured. I dabbed a dot of quake putty into each slot to keep them in place. It's got a longer-lasting and tougher grip compared to double sided tape.

-1 star for the dinky brush and the kit not including a black in the first place, but definitely going to invest in another to use for a secondary pallet."
"Great little watercolor set.  I'm an oil painter, so I don't have a lot of use for watercolor, but I keep this in my car and can do a quick little painting to capture the moment."
these are student grade paints not professional -- I see a difference in the paint quality -- they are great for students and a better price point than professional paint.
Was very satisfied with the paints and arrived so quickly.
"Excellent Quality watercolors for the price. They mix nicely to create smooth, continuous color. Perfect for anyone wanting to experiment with higher quality water colors without paying $20 a tube!"
I am very happy with my purchase.  It is very small.
"Wow.  Great transperancy,  I will expand this collection."
very nice size really can fit in your pocket!
This is a handy little set when you don't want to get the whole mess out or when you are sitting in the car waiting for someone.  It fits in my purse and I got it out while my husband was at the flea market.  I have a little watercolor booklet for sketching that came with a brush and the only thing else I needed was a couple paper towels and a tiny spray bottle.  Oh and I added my own favorite paints from the tubes and put the littlle pans away to use another time.  I do have another set of pans that I use and I actually like those too.  I have been doing watercolor almost two years now and I love it and I love to just play with it.
"love it.... well made, easy to carry, awesome gift"
"It's a nice palette of colors to work with and they mix well with each other. They are heavily pigmented and transparent. Although they are not professional grade,  they seem to be very close. I am very pleased with blending and lifting of these colors. I don't know why anyone wouldn't be pleased with these watercolors. The flow characteristics works best with High quality paper. I recommend Arches..."
"I got this for a very very low price. Well worth it. The plastic is sturdy and has plenty of mixing space. Both mixing trays can be removed for cleaning. Also, the brush is pretty good for a free brush.

However, I also have some criticisms.
1. The colors they chose for this set are pretty pathetic for a limited palette. The cobalt blue and ultramarine are almost identical, so if you want to mix your own green you won't get anything but olive tones. The lack of a good middle blue such as phthalo blue really limits the use of this palette. The white is basically useless, who knows why they included it. Permanent rose would have been a much better choice over alizarin crimson as it mixes cleaner, brighter colors. There is no purple or black/grey included although these can be mixed. (Tip: you can remove the paints out of the pans and squeeze in your own tube paints).
2. The box closes very tightly and it's a huge struggle to get it opened every single time.
3. The mixing lid does not lay flat, so the paint drips down as you are mixing it, or even after.
4. There are spaces in between the half pans so they will rattle and move around as you try to use them (this drove me crazy, I had to put pieces of sponge in between them to correct it).

Overall, because of the price I would recommend this to a beginner just the palette can be customized and many of the flaws taken care of on your own."
Very handy for painting outdoors
Beautiful!
"Cotman is not Artist quality but it was a good place to start. When you first get the kit you might drop it - the pans fit loose because they are replaceable so they go flying. That said, once you start using it the pans stick into place from paint so there's not really a worry. The mixing spaces are decent enough though have a tendency to leak from one area to another - I patched mine with Frisket. Works okay. The colours are a little grainy - especially the cerulean but it is student grade so just suck it up and replace the pan with artist grade when you're done. If you like pans you are going to have to hunt for half pan replacements - not everyone has them and Amazon doesn't carry them.

This is a very easy to carry box, the brush is decent for a small travel kit but I carry water brush pens when I go sketching - it keeps it simple.

The colour palette is very good except for the absence of Payne's Grey and the inclusion of Chinese White. I don't know about anyone else but if I need white I use gouache not watercolour. Pop out the white - buy a Payne's Grey and you have a great kit.

One last detail - this is plastic so give the plastic a bit of a scrub with some steel wool the colours will hold together better when you are mixing."
Awesome !
"The paints are nice. However, the container is a bit clumsy to open, hence not using it very open. Instead I poured my paints in half pans in a different bin. If I were to do again, I would buy paints separately."
"I love this set! As other reviewers said, it doesn't always stay latched, but I just use a rubber band, and I keep it in a little zip lock bag with my paper towel sheets, extra brushes, watercolor paper, etc. and it makes a nice little ""kit"" that way, so I'm very happy with it. I've never had a problem with it leaking, but I don't close it when it's very wet. I love that it has two cups for water, so I can keep one clean to paint with and use the other to clean my brush, and it has lots of mixing space. I even use it in my studio sometimes rather than getting my tubes out for small paintings."
"Incredibly vibrant water colours, you only need to use a little bit of paint at a time. These 12 paints can be mixed to create seemingly infinite additional colours. My personal favourite? About a 2:1 or 3:1 of viridian and Chinese white, it creates the most beautiful jade green. You can of course add extra water to dilute them but also add water after they've dried to rewet and reuse. A little of this stuff goes a long way. These tubes may seem tiny, but unless you're an artist/art student, these will probably last you a good long while."
"The paints are vibrant, no question. Blends well. So I give the paints themselves a 4 star rating.

As for the set that receives the 3.
It was pretty tricky to remove wrappers from pans (I even did google searches to find video tutorials) and it's still pretty tricky to be able to pop pans in and out of the container. The container is difficult to open. The trays provided are hard to take out as well.

I don't know if I got a one-off poor quality container but this makes me look toward paint tubes in the future. Also, makes me want to be my set in person to test out the container and make sure it's easy to use."
Wonderful selection of color and so easy to use!
Really disappointed!! It locked I cannot open it.
Very  good product although the colours could be better.  Also an extendable brush  which could go in the paint box would be a good idea.
Great product.  Excellent watercolor.
"Very happy with this. I've made two paintings so far as well as time lapse videos. If you would like to see how they turn out go to my website at Lightcaster Studios (go google it, it is a Wordpress site). I also have a Youtube and vimeo channel.

Anyways, I like the paint. I'm still a beginner but I like the colors and the way it looks, it is just a bit difficult to work with. I would buy it again though."
"Beautiful highly pigmented colors, small, great for travel. The brush is good quality too. I wish Winsor Newtown still made this specific product."
"I'm happy with the colors but the palette is useless as the little plastic dividers that hold the pans in place are bent.  They would fit fine if the pans came unpackaged but they came wrapped in cellophane and had a paper wrapper around the outside as well.  This added bulk to each pan and the pans were placed in the palette with the dividers, hence the dividers bent to accommodate the extra bulk of the pans.  I ordered this and another palette (same thing but with full sized pans) and encountered the same problem.  It makes the fit for the dividers/pans pretty crappy and useless as it doesn't hold the pans in very well.  I just bought a sturdy metal palette to put my pans in to avoid this crap.  Also, even with the dividers that aren't bent, the pans do not stay in the palette very well."
"These are some of the best watercolors out there! This brand is a really solid one as well, with many other products to its name. The paint is smooth and fluid."
"Excellent paints for a reasonable price. Easy to carry around and transport. However, the container doesn't usually lay flat and so is a little awkward to get paint in and out of."
"It was such a nice little pallet, however it was a bit over priced"
"This case of 16 1/2 pans is the perfect size for me, and the thumb ring on the bottom is helpful for holding the set. I'm happy to be able to add another 8 1/2 pans and I already have the colors picked out that will compliment the rest. The brush looks good. I won't be using the pencil or eraser. I have to say the eraser is unusual. I find it very oily and it didn't erase my pencil marks. It seems like the kid's putty you can buy in eggs. I'm really satisfied with this product though."
So transportable in a pocket!  Great colors and trays for mixing in this little kit.  Only need to secure those paint holders somehow... not too hard!
"This is so very small, and seems too expensive for what it is. I sent it back because it was a gift ins it didn't seem like enough to give as a gift. I personally have a wn travel watercolor bag that came with a kit inside, and it is a much better buy. I've been using it for 15 years."
Just what my daughter wished for but it sure took a long time to get here.
The colors are very limited
great
product as expected and arrived on time
"What I received matched the written description, but it did not match the picture shown. My watercolor case had less compartments than the one shown. Mine was also only a clamshell case.  Amazon, you really should show accurate pictures of the items you're selling. The watercolors included were great quality and the case is sturdy, it's just not what I was expecting based on the picture."
Great palette - perfect for what I was needing. Nice small size yet I imagine these colors will last quite a while. Got this as recommended in a craftsy class and very happy!! Amazing for people that need to take paints with them that paint from real life.
Gave it to my granddaughter to use while journaling.
great set of colors. Would love to build on this set with a larger variety of colors. This is a great beginning set to start off with. I purchased this after owning a cheaply made set where in some cases the colors used to make the pigment separated in the water so I was really happy to get a nice set.
"Sturdy and well-designed, for the field sketch artist in mind. As the product description mentions, there is room for the 8""X5"" watercolor pad (included), the sliding palette with thumb hole and plenty of mixing space, and extra elastic slots for more pencils or brushes. The provided brushes are of decent quality. At first I didn't know what the little folded plastic bag with handle was for but I figured out it was a collapsible water container for rinsing your brushes. (There is also a 4oz water bottle with squirt tip for clean rinsing water.) I recommend also bringing a 12 or 16oz water bottle on a strap as both refreshment and refill for the container, a folding camp stool, and a snack for break time.

I didn't receive the 'tips and tricks' pamphlet either. I will probably swap out the Chinese white for a different color, since traditional watercolor painters use the white of the paper, not white paint. (There is room in the bag for a small bottle of liquid frisket.) You can carry the bag on your waist in the back, then slide it around to sit on your lap while you paint. When not in use, the straps store in a sleeve on one side of the bag.

The folding wallet (that holds the pencils, brushes, water bottle, and the collapsible water container) also has a velcro attachment so it can be removed from the bag. This way you can rest the sketchbook on the inside of the bag, hold the palette in one hand and comfortably paint from a seated position. If you added a strap going around your neck to the strap on the bag, you could also rig this up for a 'stand&sketch'.

The little half-oval cup in the palette is for dipping your brush in fresh water to moisten or rinse; it's detachable, stows in the palette when not in use, and can clip on to either the left or right side. Along with the 14 half-pans of Cotman watercolor paint, there are nine mixing surfaces on the palette, along with a space for a small travel brush or two if you have one. (Once the Cotmans are used up I will probably fill them with my regular Winsor Newton colors.)

The previous reviewer had some great suggestions for other things to include. Some folks might want to add a palette knife for sculpting out highlights, some watercolor pencils, or a Pigma pen for pen and ink work. There are eight loops for brushes and pencils, a generous amount. You could also fit more pencils or an additional drawing paper sketchbook in the mesh bag. A viewfinder, which you can make out of a piece of cardboard (or empty 35mm slide casing - remember those?) is a good thing for arranging your composition in a landscape drawing. For extra colors, you could glue some more half pans in an empty Altoids tin - there's room for that in there too! If you want to be really creative, take some steel wool to the inside of the Altoids tin, spray it with white appliance enamel paint (masking off the parts you don't want paint on), glue the half pans in, and use that as an extra palette and paintbox!"
so in love with this!!
Good value.
"I have never had a watercolor palette that was this small. I did look at the picture reviews, but still expected it to be bigger. I also had to glue the trays that hold the colors down because they would fall out of I didn't. I have these 4 stars because the quality is AMAZING! I just wish that there was a purple!"
"My favorite watercolors at a great price.
The pans are difficult to remove from the whole tray, so remove any desired ones before wetting pallet."
"Great travel set for our college student!! High quality Winsor & Newton watercolors, attached pans for mixing, and an extendable brush make this set a keeper!"
"I would give this 5 stars except that it does not close properly, It appears that there is no seal or gasket so that wet paint can leak out when you are on the move. Pretty important oversight for a travel set. I am waiting for a replacement,( scheduled to arrive in 2 to 3 months) and have contacted WInsor & Newton to see if I received a defective set, or if they are all like that. I did not get a clear answer from them. Anyway it is quite ingenious if it works properly, and pretty disappointing if it doesn't."
"Nice watercolor paint set, only need to use a small amount to get rich color."
Perfect travel watercolors. I have taken these everywhere and I love them.
The colors are lovely and the brush is fantastic. Would totally by this for a beginner.
"Great for a beginner, absolute love for traveling very compact which makes it travel friendly. A couple minor things to watch out for would be that the pans themselves don't stay well in place, to fix that I just put a little piece of tape at the bottom of each pan that way they would stay in place. I don't recommend gluing them down because it would be harder for you to replace them when the paint runs out. I also noticed that the primary colors tend to rewet A LOT better then the other colors. So I would just buy the cotman tubes to refill them."
Very compact and complete for impromptu painting situations. I'm going to use this on a month long trip. I'm pleased that I won't have to haul around a lot of equipment.
"Disappointed even if it did arrive 3 weeks early. As you can see from the photo, the tray does not look the same-there is only one side with 3 pockets for paint. They need to be more open about the size too-5 inches doesn't leave much room for mixing and the brush is so small that it is hard to hold-nice small point though that will get all messed up every time I put it back in it's sleeve-1/8 inch if not smaller. I was expecting a larger tray for mixing and much larger paints and brush-at least twice the size. I thought the price was great for a larger tray, but I feel ripped off with this (the size is way down on the bottom of the page and it even says it's 5.2 inches not 5). I haven't used the paints yet and won't be disappointed there. Windsor and Newton have always had good paints-I'll post a new review if not! Just sad that it was not the same product as shown on Amazon and how I was mislead by size."
The best paints and kit
"These are super nice. The color payoff is worth it. I just wanted to try it out and compare to some cheaper brands I own. You can tell the difference. These paints are soooo easy to work with and super pigmented. If you're a beginner looking to dip your toes into the finer paints, I definitely recommend this set. It is a nice introduction to nice watercolor paints."
"Really great quality of paints.  Would buy these again, vibrant colors, easy mixing."
"Great colors, very good small size. Adorable packaging - the brush basically comes apart into 2 parts and you put it together to use it. Each paint cake is individually wrapped. Great for travel, or as another set of watercolors. Quality is not sacrificed at all for this price!"
Perfect watercolor palette for beginners. It's compact and portable.
"I bought this set today because I wanted to try watercolor on the go. It's a great set and has all the colors you need to mix up the perfect tones. The three sections of mixing pallets are great and clean up well with a damp paper towel. Here's a few i produced with it, the very first day of owning this pocket kit"
Bought as a gift but it's just what the recipient wanted!
Great vibrant pigment. A brand to trust. Works great on Arches 140 coldpress.
These are Excellent paints with strong pigment & high quality.  Easy to work with and conveniently use!
Windsor & Newton Cotman Water Colors are pretty vivid and dissolve/flow/cover easily. The small brush is surprisingly effective.
perfect for travel
Very pleased.
"This is a handy set of water color paints for travel, good quality. BUT, I have ordered these for myself in the past, this one I ordered as a small gift for a fellow artist. You would, or least I did, think that a gift order would mean it would be gift wrapped. It is not gift wrapped, it had a small piece of paper with the note that this was a gift from me. Tacky, I thought. Just a heads up a ""gift"" does not mean it is gift wrapped. Not sure what ""gift"" means to Amazon."
i love these paints so much the only bad thing i have to say about it is that some of the pans aren't securely placed and might fall out if not careful.
Love all their products...
Great set...BUY IT!
A perfect watercolor set for use at home when you don't want to spread out all of your painting equipment.  Small enough to pack in your carryon to use when you travel.  Wonderful for gift giving as well.  Love it!
"Love this kit. Colors are more vivid than I expected! The one issue I had was that the travel brush came frayed, but I discovered an EASY solution. Just dip it in near boiling water and swish it around for a second and it is magically back to normal!"
"Smaller tubes than expected.  This is student grade, but acceptable."
Nice colors and wonderful coverage.  Great price!
Good student quality for a beginner and nice size for travel or plein air painting.
I love Winsor & Newton and the quality of the paints are awesome but they fall out too easily since they don't snap into place.
Very good product and delivered quickly.
Smallest most complete and well organized water color set I've used. The fact that you can change out some of the colors is a great feature. Comes with compact brush and several trays for mixing. Even a small bottle for holding water. The whole thing is about the size of a pack of cigarettes.
"I wanted to love this pocket set of watercolors. I had a smaller pocket sketch set from W&N, but wanted the option of more colors. Unfortunately- this set is nothing like the smaller pocket sketch set. The paint pans do not stay in place. The plastic that is supposed to hold it is flimsy and arrived bent. If the kit gets bumped in your sketch bag, the paints can easily become dislodged. Not to mention if you are holding the kit while sketching in the field, and you accidentally drop it- the paints will go flying!"
"The box is not perfect, I ended up with two, because the first delivery was missing one colour. Both versions that arrived were a bit dirty and one a little scratched. However ultimately the purpose (i.e. painting with my water colours...) works completely, so it functions."
These are my favorite water colours. I'm a beginner and these work great!
This is a compact watercolor station for artists on the go. It holds everything I need to paint without being a bulky contraption. The quality of this item is good.
To bad they do not make this one any more. I LOVE this one. I wish I would have bough two to keep one as a back up. I would buy a empty one just to have it as a backup so if you have a old used one let me know I will buy it.
"Decent student grade watercolor. The colors are very vibrant and transparent. Better Than most student grade watercolor I have seen. But the color mixing is a little muddy with several colors. The pans are too hard. It takes a bit scrubbing. Otherwise, it's a nice set. I use it almost every day. It's my go to practice watercolor set."
Perfect travel kit
"THIS is an Awesome deal! In the art store and hobby shops these tubes cost much more if bought individually. I was glad to find this great deal. Perfect, especially for beginners and art students. I love the case with extra room to mix your paints! Then it all snaps together for easy storage. I was very happy with this purchase!! :-)"
"I got this set as a christmas gift and did not realize that they were a little costly but definitely not bad for the quality. The watercolors, also goes for the other sets Winsor and Newton sells, are a great quality. If you use all of a color you can easily buy individual half pans in the color(s) of your choice to replace it. When I used them I thought they were great and definitely will get more of them in the future, and I would suggest them even if you just like to paint or draw for fun or in your free time because it will increase the quality of your work."
"Very nice, arrive on time.
The case is sturdy and practical.
The colors are beautiful, I already used them and are very translucent.
Good for the price!"
These are very good watercolors. The pigment saturation is high. The color selection is good. My only wish is that I could choose the individual pan colors. But truly this is the best low cost watercolor I've ever used.
Like the colors. Each pad is individually wrapped. It took a little time to unwrap each one. Other then that it is what I wanted.
"Perfect as always. Winsor & Newton rarely fails to deliver and with this mini watercolor field kit they go above and beyond. The color set gives you a wide range of options and the fact that the paints are interchangeable not only allows you to organize the colors in any way you want but you but you can purchase you own colors and replace them as you see fit. The brush is a nice size and does the job (I do bring my own brushes though) but I didn't really buy this for the brush, however the fact that the brush is collapsible and has a cover is a nice plus. The kit has three mixing pans which is amazing considering how small the kit it - everything has a function in this kit there is no wasted space. It holds a decent amount of water in the little jug and the cup that holds the water is sturdy when attached to the side of your kit. The sponge is a nice little bonus and just shows how much attention to detail W&N pays attention to their products. You also have an awesome little ring on the back of you kit so that you can hold you palette in your hand if you find cant set it down somewhere. It also clips well to a sketch book with a large binder kit but you will lose a lot of one mixing pan when doing that. Love this kit so very much! Thank you Winsor & Newton!

If you are looking at this versus the Winsor & Newton Cotman Water Colour Compact Set and/or the Cotman Plus Kit I have to say hands down go with this kit I also own both Cotman sets and ended up taking out the paint pods and putting them into an Altoids tin and making my own field kit. It just didn't do it for me (But I digress as  this isn't a review of the Cotman)... This one addresses all of the issues I had with the Cotman and the Cotman Field Plus Kit. This one is worth the cost."
"This turned out to exceed my expectations.  I traveled with it in my luggage and painted while I was on vacation.  I didn't use the little brush as I took some other brushes but it had some unexpected features, such as a water bottle, a well to put water in, and several palette areas for such a small package. I am a fairly new watercolorist having only worked in the medium for a year."
I LOVE this little set. There are extra pans for mixing colors which you don't get in every set like this. I purchased it to use while travelling in Italy and Greece and it was great to have on the train and at the beach. It comes with a bitty paint brush and if you have a bottle cap you can use that for water. It fits easily in a small bag and is so convenient. The colors are rich and beautiful. I would highly recommend this set.
my favorite brand.
Love this product
Bought from Hobby Lobby. This is an upgrade to student watercolor for me. I am enjoying them very much. The black being absent in the pack is not a big deal to me. Easy to make black and mist watercolorist rarely use white or black.
"This is my second set of these paints. They travel very well. I really like the colors, even though there isn't black. A good way to practice mixing, though!"
"I love winsor and Newton watercolor paints. As all we know W&N is premium quality when it comes to watercolor. I previously owned the 12 color small box . My daugher went thru it fully and i wanted to upgrade to a larger color collection so i bought this 24 color set. However I reduced three stars for the design of this box and the way pans are placed in the cradle.

First of all opening this box is the most difficult thing in this whole wide world. The only way i can open the box is to press the part where it says press here to pen with the lower part of my palm and keep the box a bit slanting. THATS THE ONLY WAY IT OPENS. If someone says its a knack you learn as you use this paint more, I would say a paint box shouldnt be this hard to open PERIOD. I have used Koi field sketch set, pelican sets ALL of them provide an easy design to use. W&N is a known name with highly pigmented high quality paints they SHOULD pay attention to design aspect and convenience of use.

That being said when one opens the box keeping it slanting all the colors fall off of the pans and if anyone is as picky as i am i need the colors to be in the same order of the description given on the box. Some have suggested we tape the colors into the pans. Pls try that with the size of these pans its a project that will engage you for life time.

Anyway hope W&N takes note of their customers frustrations and changes the design soon. Otherwise i am a fan of W&N watercolor best in the industry."
This was a very good price for a really good product.
"Finally, I got a set. I've been waiting for someone to have them on sale or at a lower price forEVER. You can't beat the rich pigments that go into Winsor and Newton watercolours. Someday I'm hoping to get the entire set in tubes, but until then, I'll be like every other limited-wage artist and use the best when I can, and compensate until I can get better."
Just what the little artist wanted!
Great little set for travel.
"paint selections too small to make good use of.  Had hoped to use this as one of my ""travel"" sets but found it is not that useful.  Would prefer a little larger with larger paint blocks.  Paint is very hard and difficult to mix."
"Great travel water color kit.  Use it for all my ""on-the-go"" painting (at the beach, in restaurants, etc.)  Buy them as gifts for artist friends and non-artist friends.  They soon become aspiring artists!  Good price too."
I love these colors! Will buy again.
"It's the perfect size for travel or just for use in the studio. The 24 half pan colors offers a good variety for anyone wanting to explore watercolor as a medium, and the white storage container opens features two palettes for easy blending. Unwrapping each color and popping it into place takes a little time as the fit is rather tight, but overall it's a decent design. I personally like the fact that it is so compact and portable. The colors have good pigmentation and are easy to build on. Good value!"
Excellent and stable
Did not like it. It was returned for unsatisfactory.
Looks like it will be convenient but it is hard to open and close.
Very Happy with my Winsor&Newton water colors and happy with the sender
"Bought this outfit as a start in watercolor sketching and it's a real treat.  The paints are excellent quality, bright and versatile enough to mix from opaque to as transparent as you want and there's plenty for a year or more of on location sketching.  The colors are very well chosen, in my opinion, and I've seen third-party recommendations for paint combinations very similar to this assortment of colors, so there is some basis for the choices.  If you disagree, the little plastic paint pans come out easily and can be replaced or emptied and refilled with your own personal color choices.  The little brush is all right but you'll need to bring some water with you as the set has no provision to carry it.  Personally, I use Derwent water brushes.  A brush carries enough water for 2-3 small sketches (I sketch on 4 1/2 in. by 6 in. watercolor or mixed media paper.)  The case is very small, easily pocketable in a normal shirt or jacket pocket but juggling the case, a pad of paper and the brush is at minimum a 2 1/2 hand process, so you're going to want to find a place to set either the watercolors or the paper.  Fortunately, the set is small and light enough that it can sit on practically anything.  Works very well on-the-go.

I've seen comments complaining about the small quantity of paint.  Keep in mind that it's intended as a portable sketching set, not something you're going to use making 16x20 in. finished paintings.  For sketching, I think that the half-pans in this set are going to last me for a year or so at least, depending on how often I get out and what I end up painting.  For those big works you think that you might want to hang on the wall -- maybe go with tube or liquid watercolors.

Highly recommended."
Great for Urban Sketching
The container holding the paints had black and blue spots and it making me think it had already been used. What mainly upset me was that the removable pallete was missing. Shame.
"I just received this item in the mail! I was so excited to receive this product, but when it arrived, the black box was broken, and the ring on the back of the box was broken! Very disappointing. I was sure this product was going to be amazing because I read all the reviews on the quality! I guess I had higher expectations than what was delivered!"
"If you are looking at this photo of the box on your computer, the tiny photo of the paints on the box is close to the actual size, this set is so tiny,
It could fit in a mouses pocket. I am not a artist and purchased this as a gift, I am rating this one star just to get your attention and perhaps save you from making the same mistake I made for you unartistic fathers out there. But if you have a tiny little artistic mouse in your house, this is the perfect paint set, it even comes with a tiny little mouse sized brush. The paints may last aWhile if you are painting tiny little mouse size portraits, but anything else and you will use them up fast. Order one for each pocket so you don't run out of paint.
It is aprox 5 inches by 2 1/2 inches small

Update 4oct15
Yesterday this item had 195 reviews,now today after leaving my review amazon censored it and erased all 195 reviews telling me now I am the first to review it,well it has not gotten any better or bigger, it is still TINY.
Amazon stop manupulating your website reviews."
"If you are looking at this photo of the box on your computer, the tiny photo of the paints on the box is close to the actual size, this set is so tiny,
It could fit in a mouses pocket.  I am not a artist and purchased this as a gift, I am rating this one star just to get your attention and perhaps save you from making the same mistake I made for you unartistic fathers out there.  But if you have a tiny little artistic mouse in your house, this is the perfect paint set, it even comes with a tiny little mouse sized brush.  The paints may last aWhile if you are painting tiny little mouse size portraits, but anything else and you will use them up fast. Order one for each pocket so you don't run out of paint.
It is aprox 5 inches by 2 1/2 inches small"
"A little long to arrive, but great for painting outdoors in a comfortable kit."
good quality. but I still prefer to use tube.
Good quality paints but I didn't realize how tiny the kit was. Very difficult to open each of the water colors and it's too tiny to work with very well.
Exactly as advertised.  Wonderful color quality and fits in my handbag to use for those impromptu sketches.
Everything ok
"Winsor & Newton is always a good choice in watercolors.  Vivid colors, easy to apply."
"I actually got this for everything but the paint!  I needed some extra paint pans that would fit a different Winsor Newton travel palette, so I emptied the cotman paint pans, and filled them with artist quality tube paint from Daniel Smith.  I am planning to use this case for a travel gouache palette - I'll just use the empty wells without any pans to fill with M Graham and Schmincke gouache (they seem to dry/re-wet better than other brands).  The little travel brush that comes with this is great!"
Came fast was just what I wanted
Very happy with this set.
I bought this as a surprise for my adult daughter and she loved it!!
Excellent quality.
"I generally watercolor for print reproduction, so I'm not worried about having the best, brightest, cadmium-est paints. This is a perfect set for quick and easy access to lots of colors. It's lacking a nice deep purple, but you can easily put some tube paint onto the pallet part of this and allow it to dry on."
loved it so much I bought them for gifts for others!
This is a good set of watercolor paints.
"This are very nice, good for on the go, trips, etc."
Really good quality and a perfect kit for traveling or if you new to the medium!
Rookie painter here. These paints seem good.
This ia a great little kit for art journaling when not at home. The colors are vibrant. I use a water brush. The combination is great for on-the-go projects.
Very good okay enjoy the material.
"Was looking for a nice, quality set to travel with, this is the one. Love the portable size of this easily fits in the bag with travel easel and paper. Big on quality and color!"
"The set is good.  The quality of paints is good. For the sample colors they chose, it is good, but I would ve liked a few others.  Other than that a great travel kit."
As a blind painter I'm always looking for some thing that will make painting easy for me. This is just the thing for painting on the go.
i need more experience to write an informative review
"great set! Definitely of good quality, especially for someone artistic that wants to learn how to use watercolor."
A great small compact watercolor set
this is a very good set of student watercolors. I would recommend this set to anyone wanting to try out watercolor pans. the only reason i gave this 4 instead of 5 stars was because the case is a little awkward and the top keeps coming off of my set. The paints themselves are great for a travel set and I will probably buy a new case and keep using these cotman pans in the future.
Love these watercolors.  The set is small and covenant to carry.  Highly recommended.
Granddaughter used them immediately
I'm so happy! :D
When it says pocket sized it really means pocket sized. I didn't realize when I brought it it would be that small but for a person just wanting to test the waters its a great product.
Great product! Great Price!
"Great box, colors are ok, just wish that they were based on the CYM colors cake rather than RYB. Or if they sold the box separate so the palette could easily be customized would be even better!
The Box is great, though. My favorite. It literally fits in my pocket with great ease."
"This is tiny and very portable, a lovely little traveling brush comes with it.  The colors are fine.  My problems are that the color labels didn't always match the name on the side of the paint pot, so I'm not sure exactly what color some of them are.  Also, the little pots jump out of the box readily, so you have to handle the set very carefully."
love the colors
Great product! Lovely deep colors and so portable!
"Very happy with the palette. Perfect for sketching in the field. I will likely refill the pans with professional grade paints as they empty.  I only gave the product four stars because W&N provided two warm reds, cadmium red and cadmium red pale which are almost identical.  Would have preferred alizarin crimson instead of one of those reds."
Good quality and delivery.
"A wonderful travel kit with brilliant paint colors. The pans do tend to fall out somewhat easily, but that also makes them easy to replace. ;)"
I didn't like it koi watercolour is way beTTER
Very nice product !
Serious artist appreciated it
Great small watercolor travel kit.  It is very small.......but very functional.  I am glad I had read the reviews as to how some people secured the paint in to the containers and the containers into the tray.  Paint into the containers with a tiny drop of water and the containers into the tray with a bit of glue stick.  I am very pleased with the item and would buy it again.
Good color selection at a great price.
"This Field kit is fantastic and the paints are creamy soft when moistened. They remain soft for several days due to the tightly closed kit. Even non-painters are impressed by this compact kit. The paint brush included is a good quality. Having this and maybe another, larger, travel brush should be sufficient for most painting projects."
"Smaller than I thought, but it's great for going on a trip. I haven't start to use the colors, so I don't know the quality of the paint, but I believe it's good."
Wonderful water colors. Shipped faster than I could get to the store.
"Great size and a good starter kit into professional watercolor while still getting a good price. Wish it had options for color choice, like a more neutral or more brights but that still doesn't take away from the good balance this one has. Color pots do come out easily so maybe use some average double sided tape to keep it in place but not permanently if you do happen to buy more colors. Just be careful while you're painting!"
I Love these!
"I have had this little watercolor set for a couple years, and I've been very happy with it.  The eight colors included are surprisingly versatile and work well for creating ambience in street paintings or landscapes.

The included brush is two pieces--the lid comes off the bristle end and fits onto the other side to lengthen the handle.  When not in use, the brush slides into a small groove in the lid of the case.  (My brush eventually fell out of the groove and was lost forever, but it was no big loss.  I recommend using a waterbrush instead, especially for travel.)

Overall, an excellent little travel set.  I'd buy it again if I lost it."
THANKS
"Awesome watercolors. Great for travel, and the small brush is very useful. Packs away in a handbag really easily. I find myself doing a lot more plein air ever since buying it.

Protip: buy a small tube of titanium white gouache. Trust me on this one :)"
Great little watercolor set for travel.  Really compact.
"Very nice set, especially portable , well designed and executed."
i really love it
"Great colors in a small, to go box."
This is perfect for throwing in your bag and taking out whenever you feel like painting. Small enough to carry around daily
"Really good traveling set!
Cotman series are not professional pigments, they are more for students.
But pigments are still good enough."
Decent paints. I just wish they'd include a black instead of the white.
"I LOVE these watercolors. I had the smaller w&n travel set, but wanted badly to add some other greens and blues. This set it wonderful. Not as small, but the colors are great. The pigment is so saturated only a few swipes on my palette and I've got a good, deep pool of color. (A palette tip: use egg holders for palettes, like the kind to hold devilled eggs, there are 20 spaces on each of the 2 plates I got for about $10.) I'm able to lay out a lot of colors and let them dry between painting sessions. Just add water later and stir a little. These paints are wonderful.  I prefer pans to tubes and I seriously love these."
"great set of basic colors.... everything you need to get started mixing colors and some extras.  Would have prefered grey instead of black and white is only a nice to have, but all of that said, this set is a great value."
The brush comes with the kit was great. I didn't like the color results. It is kind of not clean and dark consider as watercolor paint. I guess I have to try it more.
its good item
its good item
"Great product, shipped out on time."
only problem i had was that the pans of color would stick to the top of the case and then get glued there. No complaint about the paint or the portability and I love the tiny brush to be honest. only complaint is the paint pans not being heavy enough to stay in their spot. they get tossed around in the case somehow. :/
I'm just starting to watercolor and i've purchased a couple of other set to see how they compare and i have to say I'm really got this set.  Its small and compact nice colors. It offers a a few more colors then others ive seen and for about the same price. This is definitely moving up on my favs list
"This Windsor and Newton box is a must for any serious or not so serious artist.
The design is magnificent. W&N makes other models but this is the best.
I have owned about 6 of them; the last one was stolen; the first one lasted about 15 years before I gave it as a gift.
I just got a replacement from my first order; because the box did not open completely.
The replacement opens with difficulty. It must be bad batch; perhaps amazon should look into it.
I own a W&N and a Cotman; I love the Cotman; the colors are consistent, strong and beautiful; once the half pans go you just fill them up with your favorite colors and you can go on using it."
Great pocket set. Wish it came with black though.
Probably fine quality but a really dark and depressing color assortment.  Had to get my daughter something else.
Great set. I only wish it had Payne's Gray. Lovely to work with.
"I bought these as a gift for my daughter, who is a fine arts major at Kent State, and she is happy with their quality.  They were also reasonably priced."
"High quality, compact, cute Pokemon."
Very good product.
"I've tried a bunch of travel/pocket/compact paletes of watercolor in the last few years and this is so far my favorite. Can't really beat it for the price. The paints are great for student-grade (not to be confused with professional paints, which have much richer pigment, more light-fast and wonderfully transparent) and the palette shape and size is perfect for on-the-go sketching and painting. While these are similar or better to any student-grade paints, they are still inferior to most if not all professional-grade paint, so as long as you're not making professional art to be sold or permanently kept, you'll do great with this. This kit is what I recommend my friends who want to start watercolor to get. The number of different paints you get is plenty, you'll learn better and faster to mix your own colors (and therefore understand how colors behave) in a limited set up like this, without redundant pigments to confuse you."
Came in great shape. I love this little pocket watercolor. The colors are beautiful it's tiny half pans but they are so great for sketching out on the go. Fits in a purse or tote bag and I can put it in my Lihit Lab Teffa Pen Case.
"The water colors are fine, but I had a set similar to this in the past, and the plastic palette was much easier to use.  I had a great deal of difficulty opening the lid on this set, and it continues to be tight.  When I want to ""paint"", I don't want to struggle with the plastic kit itself."
Disapointed!!! I bought 2 based on reviews and reputation of the company and it was one of the worst watercolor art supply purchase so far. The color are so diluted with cheap fillers. I ended up using 1/4 of the pan just to get a decent depth of color for a wash and it was still light. The ugly graininess was super frustrating too. The cadmium yellow was like more light lemon yellow. This set may be cheap but not a value since I would go through it in 3 paintings. If I had used this when learning to watercolor painting I would have gave up. I would not recommend this to anyone! You cant give it to a child either because the colors are toxic.
"I'd never used Cotman paints before; and in the past, I've always used tubes- never pans- but I wanted to give this set a try, so that I'd have a way to do quick sketches and small paintings on the spur of the moment, without having to drag out a bunch of stuff. I was very pleasantly surprised with this little set! The paints are of good quality- unless you are a professional artist painting gallery pieces, you really don't need anything better than Cotman. The little box is so handy, and surprisingly, I get a lot of mileage out of the mixing areas of the open lid (No need to drag out my full-sized pallet to do little 7x8"" pics!).... But what really surprised me, was the little folding brush! I was expecting the little brush to be junk- I mean, C'mon, what kind of brush would you expect them to include in a $16 paint set? And I figured that it's so small, it would be useless for anything but tiny details- as I always paint with large brushes. But I gave the li'l fellow a try, and was amazed! For such a tiny brush, it holds a decent amount of paint, and can cover a good-sized area quite effectively and quickly! It even holds a nice sharp point! I like the brush so much, that I am trying to find out exactly what line of W&N brushes it is from, so that I can get some full-sized bigger ones! I mean, I love my big flats....but I've done entire 7x8"" sketches with nothing but this brush. Amazing!

The one change I'd make to this set, is to ditch the Chinese White and Cad Orange Pale (Watercolorists don't use white!) and replace them with Cerulean Blue and a magenta-ish red- which, in the Cotman line, looks like it would be Permanent Rose - and you'll be able to mix just about any color you'll ever need. Also, if you don't want the pans to go flying, a little rubber cement between the bottom of the pans and the box will do the trick- and yet still allow you to easily remove the pans when you want to.

I wish I would have gotten a set of these years ago- I'm finding that being to able to just whip it out on the spur of the moment, when I just have some free time (as opposed to having to square away a big block of time for a formal painting session) has really enabled me to paint more, and is really freeing-up my creativity! In this respect, the 16 clams I paid for this set was the best money I ever spent on art supplies!

And the beauty of it is, if you're a beginner, looking to try watercolor on the cheap, without having buy a bunch of expensive tube colors and brushes....just get this set, and a small block of watercolor paper (Don't skimp on the paper...it makes ALL the difference!) and that is all you really need to sample the real watercolor experience.

Kudos to Winsor & Newton for a truly great product!"
"It's a great set! The pigments are strong and vibrant, with gorgeous quality. The only down side is that the kit, which has ""essential"" kind of colors, doesn't include black. But it has two shades of yellow and two shades of brown. But no black. Or purple. Seems like they didn't *quite* think it through. All the same, the quality is perfectly lovely."
Good stuff
"My sister is an artist and as I was going to take an online water color class I asked her what I should buy to get started.  She reviewed the course suggestions and was surprised that the teacher was suggesting very expensive water colors.  Since I don't even know if I'll take to this I was reluctant to buy those.  So, she suggested this set for me.  She has one and has been using it for YEARS.  She has taken it with her on many of our trips and even to Provence for a class.  She loves it and so far, I do too!  It's a great starter kit and lasts a long time!!"
"Lovely box of watercolors.  Like the way it goes together, opens and closes with ease."
"This is a really fun watercolor set, well made, with great colors and functional palette pull-out pieces made of hard white plastic. The paints in this set really show up bright and vibrant on the white pages of the sketchbooks I am using these days (designed for watercolor and ink sketches).  I like this set so much I ordered one to keep as as backup. Great for students, sketchers, people on the road...or on a budget!"
"Wasn't quite what I expected, but it works as a travel set...and it is ""cute""."
Very convenient and pocket size to take with you to paint
It is good for travel and has a good palette of colors.
"Nice, but I wish I had gotten whole rather than half pans.  Colors are vibrant.  Just too small and go too quickly."
"These are Chinese made watercolor tubes which are noticeably inferior than older French made products. I found the contents are thinner and more watery than the older ones I bought sometime earlier (French made). All watercolor tubes came ""crushed"" in the plastic box. Despite the negatives I mentioned, it may be still among the best student watercolors in the market."
"Absolutely love these paints, this set is just the perfect combination of colors and I'm a W&N fan for sure. 1 star off for the incredibly annoying container design."
I love it.
I love it.
Excellent for sketching
"The watercolors are really small, but they paint pretty cool"
Tons of work unwrapping every little paint block.  Prepare to waste and hour just unwrapping and getting it ready to use. Once you finished they are awesome watercolors.
All paints and case in excellent condition.
Small enough to carry.
"Well, one Sunday I was whiling away the time by clicking on my wishlist items on Amazon.in and almost received a heart attack when I saw the watercolor set going for almost 50% off! I blinked my eyes, refreshed the page twice, checked on Hubby's laptop to be sure and then ordered. Received it the next day!

And then began the unveiling.

I was a bit disconcerted to find that the pans were not individually wrapped as in the earlier model and suffered a pang of fear that it was a bogus product. Hubby ensures me that Amazon would never deal in bogus products and as I tend to trust him in such matters, I decided to do so with this too. Also, I decided to put up an extremely detailed account of my Watercolor pan set so that someone can tell me whether I have been duped or it is the real thing!
The box is not as smart as the older one, but the paint box inside seems to be the same as that shown in videos of the Winsor and Newton Cotman sets. All the pans were wrapped in cellophane like little candy treats. They do look adorable lined up like that don't they?

In many reviews, people had warned that the pans were not fitted to the bottom and were prone to falling out when you travelled with them. They suggested gluing the pans onto the box. I smirked and thought how worrisome these firangs were and since I won't be doing any Plien air painting I had no need for such frivolous advice. I should have known better. While I was trying out the colors, I had a sketch taped to my board waiting for its paints. Engrossed in my new colors, I put my arm over the paint box, managed to get the wet Ivory Black pan stuck to it, and even as I raised my arm to look at it watched it fall face down onto my sketch. Thankfully, it fell on a part that was supposed to be a log and therefore the work could be salvaged. An inch above and I would have had to make a new sketch. Always pay attention to reviews from people who definitely know better.
Here you see the cellophane wrapped pans. The name of the color contained in the pan is printed on the side of each one for which I was extremely thankful. The Winsor and Newton logo is stamped on the bottom of each pan. The pans themselves are made of lightweight plastic and seem a bit too flimsy, but then I guess in a bid to make their product as cheap as possible they used cheap materials for the containers. Well, as long as they didn't compromise on the colors who cares!
This was a color chart contained in the box. It is a small leaflet, again very different from the one shown in the older boxes. In the lower picture I have marked the colors that are present in this box. It just makes me feel wonderful that I have so many of them.

There are 3 shades of yellow, 4 of red, 4 of blue and 2 of green. I really wish they would have added one more green in place of the extra Cadmiun red deep hue. Greens are so difficult to get right anyway and are used so abundantly all the time. Just a humble suggestion.
I made a color swatch to make it easy to identify the colors in the box (hasn't photographed well). Its very amateurish but it has been a big help in picking up the colors correctly. I realised that these colors have a more transparent quality than the Camel ones I was using and somehow seem brighter. They do however have a tendency to stick to my watercolor brush bristles. Maybe its just what all very good colors do because my Camel colors never did feel sticky. Whatever it maybe, I love the box and the tiny little pans and the beautiful colors."
"Amazing value - good price for some of the best student-grade paints there are (student-grade is a technical term; the paints are still vibrant and pure).
The palette is quite nice as well. Not as bulky as some palettes, but not as compact as an altoids tin. And if you have your doubts about the chosen colors, my solution was taking out the white and black (included) and purchasing (separately) a lemon yellow and sap green. Also, keep in mind that this set can be further customized by buying half/full pans (separately) and hot gluing them in if you want a personalized pan palette. It will really only hold one full size brush, but will also hold one 4ml Sakura water brush and tip if you leave one of the 4 sections open. This is one of the most versatile Cotman sets.

I will be using a combination of full and half pans to house 16 colors in this set, using only 3 of the sections and allowing room for my water brush."
"Cotman are perfect for starter, I was experimenting in watercolors for a long time and failed every time with some other cheap brand. Cotman are perfectly amazing, and were beyond my expectation. I would definitely recommend to starters without any doubt."
"Perfect for nature journaling! I like the quality of the paints, and feel that the colors are bright and clean on paper."
"Wonderful! Love it...compact travels easy .. Brush tends to roll though. I also forget the pieces come out because they are changeable with other pans of color. So when I dump the water off, I dump my pans"
Excellent watercolor set!
Love my new watercolor box.  I've been putting it to good use.  Good  delivery time
nice and very cool price
"I have wanted to dabble in watercolors ever since I took an acrylic painting course and this set was recommended by many of my artist friends and bloggers across the web.

Portability - To be honest, it was a lot smaller than I expected however, it's small, compact size turned into out to be one of it's best features! I can put it in my everyday bag without having it weigh me down since it is so light and small. A small downside is that the solid cakes rattle in your bag if you are walking around.

Quality - The quality of the solid cakes are really superb for the price you buy the set for and has lasted me a lot longer than I thought it would. I really can tell the difference between this set and another general set I bought at Michaels for $5 dollars.

Colors - The color palette they selected is a perfect for beginners but I would have liked to see a black cake."
Very small
I am very new to watercolor but these paints are really nice.
"the paints are great with vibrant colors as to be expected from W&N, I paint very small things so this is great for me.
I imagine it's also great for artists on the go, or maybe beginners that want to have the option of better paints that they can still afford.
 it's very small, about the length of my hand,  the brush is great too, although you might want to make sure to have other sizes of your own since it's a very small brush but that's what is to be expected since this is mostly meant to be a travel kit."
"Tiny and kind of pricey, but the colors are nice and intense."
"This is a very tiny travel set, and I mean very tiny. But that's good for the purpose that I purchased it. The colors are vibrant and the case is mostly secure. It's a step up from the kids watercolor paint sets at the craft store, and this is a much better price than I could find locally."
"These are great for a beginner like me, really helped me get into painting with watercolors. Carry case is fantastic, just the right size, sturdy, and it's nice having palettes in the box."
This is just the right size to fit my jacket pocket with a blank watercolor postcards pad.
It's just what I thought it would be coming from Winsor & Newton.
Love it the only thing is that the watercolor pallets won't stay in all the time so I have to put them back in all the time other than that the shipping is fast and the water colors are very good
Great little set for a plein air outing on the beach.
"I have two of these and love them. It's nice having a total of 24 half pans for travel. They fit perfectly, along with extra supplies, inside a small mini notebook case. I take it to doctor appointments, and anytime I anticipate a wait.  I replaced all of the colors with artist grade WN paints, since I already have tubes. The half pans hold plenty paint for travel, and I can refill as needed. I use one with my basic pallet and the other with my favorite colors. I set up an empty tin, just an old craft tin, with the Cotman half pans for my granddaughter. Having two sable brushes are a great bonus too. While I'm thinking of brushes, my Father gave me all of his sable brushes before he passed. They're over 40 years old and still going strong."
Used them already and they're great.
"A great standard set of paints. Pretty good quality and easy to dry in the palette!

Edit: Been using these for a little while now and they're actually a fairly nice set. Remember that they aren't ""artist grade"" paints, but they certainly do a good job. I use them for both practice and regular painting.

If you're looking to put them in your palette, just be a bit careful. A couple of them have chipped off and they tend to crack a little. But all in all I support this product and recommend it for those starting out or if you want a cheaper set of paints."
"very small, but nice"
"I watched Shoo Rayner on youtube and he was using WN for sketching. wonderful luminescent colours, very bright and easy to pack, now attach a koh waterbrush and I would be ecstatic."
these paints are beautiful.  true to color there is plenty of room for mixing.
Perfect!
Fast shipping! Amazing item! A++++
The best travel watercolors I've ever seen. Love them! Will buy more in the future.
"Great color and so compact. I am going to England and I am going to do a water color journal, and these will be perfect."
Disapointed!!! I bought this based on reviews and reputation of the company and it was one of the worst watercolor art supply purchases so far. The color are so diluted with cheap fillers. I ended up using 1/4 of the pan just to get a decent depth of color for a wash and it was still light. The ugly graininess was super frustrating too. The cadmium yellow was like more light lemon yellow. This set may be cheap but not a value since I would go through it in 3 paintings. If I had used this when learning to watercolor painting I would have gave up. I would not recommend this to anyone!
Disapointed!!! I bought this based on reviews and reputation of the company and it was one of the worst watercolor art supply purchases so far. The color are so diluted with cheap fillers. I ended up using 1/4 of the pan just to get a decent depth of color for a wash and it was still light. The ugly graininess was super frustrating too. The cadmium yellow was like more light lemon yellow. This set may be cheap but not a value since I would go through it in 3 paintings. If I had used this when learning to watercolor painting I would have gave up. I would not recommend this to anyone!
"Love my watercolour set. Probably a couple of colours I'll switch out eventually since I just don't use them much (looking at you, Emerald and Indian Red) but I'm sure that other people get use out of them. I do use the Chinese white and Lamp black since I don't always do traditional watercolour.

I use the empty bit on the end to hold a tube of Titanium white (much more opaque than the Chinese (zinc) white the kit comes with, although I think I'll replace it with white gouache when it runs out) and some folded paper towel for blotting and to wipe my brush on. You'd also fit a half size pencil in there, if you wanted to.

You'd have to have gigantic pockets for this to fit, this is slightly longer than the average paperback novel, to give you a sense of size. The two palettes are really handy, especially if you're working on multiple paintings at once (I do, I'm not going to just sit there and wait for paint to dry!).

I found this an awesome set to start with, especially for people who want to explore a variety of styles and subjects (I do landscapes, pen and watercolour sketches as well as modern/abstract stuff - this set gives you the paints you'd want to try all of those styles). I'm going to get a 12 pan W&N set to be my travelling kit (an actual pocket-sized set), now I know which colours I really need, while this one will stay at home I think."
"Love this pallette! It's compact and useful for travelling! Plus the shipping was extremely fast, it came in a day sooner than expected"
"I started painting watercolors around 1996, after seeing a Winslow Homer show at the Boston Museum of Fine Arts. Besides the gorgeous  paintings, I remember seeing Homer's paint box in a display  case. Remarkably, it looked a lot like this one!

I'm very happy with the selection and quality of colors. The brush is nice, but a little small. I bought a brush set in a bamboo wrap. These, plus some paper and a water bottle are a great, compact, portable setup!"
"Really great for hitting the road to go out drawing and painting. They are quality paints and you don't need many colors when you are out and about. You can make any color you want from these. The brush is just okay, I bring water filled Pentels because they have a nice valve on them and don't leak. Good brushes in several sizes, too. But if you want quality watercolors for on the run, or even if you want to try watercolors in house, these will fit the bill. They're just wonderful."
"Great quality and value, love."
"I bought these as an upgrade to my student grade reeves brand watercolors. I haven't done much with them yet, but I am excited to start playing with them. One of the pictures are all of the colors swatched out, which I plan to laminate and keep in my box. Another picture is The box compared to a standard gift card. As you can see the box is just a tad bigger than the gift card - it truly is pocket sized!

The brush is nothing to get excited over. It is just a small round or liner-type brush. I probably won't use it, as it gives me hand cramps since the handle is so tiny.

I would like to address several complaints I have seen.

First, with the watercolor cakes coming out of the pans. I simply took the cake out of the pan, put a big drop of water underneath, and stuck the paint cake back in. After a bit the water makes the paint a bit gummy, so I simply gave it a firm press, and I haven't had a problem since.

Another complaint is that the paint pans don't stay in the case. Well, that is true, but again I have a simple fix. I took the plastic pans of paint out of the box, and added just a dab of hot glue, then gave them a firm press back into the palette. This worked well. I tried prying them out, and they stick. When they are gone, you can simply take a pair of pliers and pull out the empty pan and replace. On my other set I used a piece of double sided tape that I cut in half length wise, then stuck the pans back in. I think I like it better then the hot glue. The tape holds well, but the pans can be pulled out just simply using the end of a brush to pry it out. Sticky tack/blue tack/museum putty works well too.

Because these pans are sold as open stock, meaning you can replace one color at a time, I would not suggest getting too carried away with super glueing the pans into the palette."
wonderful colors.
Great watercolor set...highly recommend this brand.
like it
colors are beautiful and very bright
"I love love love this set!!! All of the colors are amazing, the clips that hold the pans in are great, and it is easily portable. I couldn't be happier with this set of Watercolors!"
Windsor Newton Cotman is my go-to watercolor set.
"I really love this palette. I wish the blues were a bit more distinctive, they seem too similar and waste space. I would have preferred one of them be a purple-y blue.

I love the portability and colors. This is a great set as a beginner."
"This set is much smaller than I expected. The tiny pads of paint are seriously smaller than my thumbnail. They measure about 5."" x .3"" and are so small that if you're using a wide brush, you are guaranteed to get paint from the next pad on the brush. The entire boxed set measures 10"" x 5"" - much smaller than expected. It took me almost 2 hours to pop out all of the paint, unwrap and organize them. The printed color chart that comes included in this set of 24 is actually a color chart for the set of 40, so none of the colors correspond. For such a pricey set, I really expected a lot more and am seriously dissappointed. Wish I'd opted for the Full pad set rather than the half pad set. Live and learn."
Can't wait to get started on my next watercolor journal
A very complete water color assortment.
"Wanted to try out Winsor's pan colors before I invested further and the price and palette caught my eye.

Did a simple landscape last night and was definitely very pleased with the pigments and color selection. Easy to set up and use. The red that was included seemed almost too pink for my taste (more on the cool than warm side) but after layering it was very pretty."
Good product
"I love all Cotman watercolors. Besides the white all of the colors are awesome and vibrant. When the pans get low I simply refill them with my Cotman tubes. This set is small but perfect for traveling, the brush they give you is rather impossible to paint with but I tend to use this and the Pentel Arts aquash water brushes when I travel and its a pretty complete set. A great buy for a beginner painter or someone who likes to paint when they travel."
"Literally fits in my pocket. The paints are, of course, high quality. The brush is really cute, but not very versatile or sturdy, so I use my own brushes. I know the paint trays are loose, and it it annoying, but I solved that by buying some glue dots from the craft store and placing them on the bottom of each tray. That's enough to keep them in place. As for the lack of that black, I never use black watercolour anyways; I recommend a black brush pen.
I have no complaints, this is perfect for me."
Excellent paints
This is a great compact watercolor set. It was such a treat to find these good quality paints paired with a nice & functional travel case.
Unremarkable.
It's W&N. Doesn't get much better.
I originally purchased this over paint it tubes because of the price difference. I couldn't acheive the color saturation that I wanted and was told by a more experienced artist that I would be happier with paint from the tube.
I'm taking a watercolor class and this brand came highly recommended. It's the brand I'll be buying again.
Very nicewatercolor set.  Can't wait to try it.
"I really like this set. I even started painting on location, outdoors as is the purpose of a kit like this. Love it. But I don't understand the inclusion of Chinese White. Otherwise a good selection of color for a beginning or student painter. After using the 3 lid sections as my mixing pallet a few times the plastic is lightly stained blue, brown, green. I guess that happens. I use a white porcelain plate at home which never stains at all. Some of these colors seem to soften more easily than others when water is added. Some are a little grainy. But for the price I am very pleased. I bought 2 more as gifts."
"Bought this as I do water colors and wanted something I could use to paint with when I travel without having to carry my palet, paints and brushes. Elsewhere this cost twice as much so it's a super value here. Good size water bottle, but I also carry a plastic water bottle as well. Good size wells for mixing colors. I got rid of small sponge, swapped out a couple of the colors and added a second small travel brush. Along with a small booket of 5x7 paper makes a great travel kit."
"The pallet is a cheap plastic, but the paints are all very nice and I am pleased with them."
Just fabulous. Even the little brush that came with it is high quality
I've had such fun with this little kit. The colors are great and the selection just enough to do a fun on-the-fly watercolor. Love it.
I love this little thing
The colors are very vivid and I like the little collapsible paint brush!
"What a wonderful little pocket set of quality watercolor paints, perfect for the sketcher on the go! Get a couple of the Niji water brushes in different shapes and a small watercolor sketchbook, and you'll be all set!"
I really like my paints
quality color and case  septre brush is great  this is definitely not a studio set but I travel and sketch all over the place
Excellent product and I would gladly re-order from this vendor.
"Great product, the colors are beautiful and vibrant. You may have to stick some putty eraser to the bottom of a few to keep them from wiggling but otherwise they are amazing."
"lovely to travel with....I paint but I found that when my grandchildren got bored
I had a bottle of drinking water and any kind of scrap paper (news,receipts)
they were entertained.
Buy them and throw them in your purse!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"Every plein aire artist should have one of these in their possession, at all times.........along with paper and a bottle of water!"
"I bought the Winsor & Newton Cotman Water Color Sketchers' Pocket Box as a birthday present for myself because I have been practicing watercolor painting for about 2 months now. I bought it with much appreciation. It is a small container with a lot of features, the colors are very strong and smooth and the brush is of fine quality, I am looking forward to carrying the box with me on my trips around the historic villages and countryside.
I could say that the watercolor pigments are really great. I have made my second watercolor painting and I have never seen a better set of pigments and they are the cheapest and in the smallest, most compact and elegant case I could find. These watercolor paints are great to pair with&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Art-Tools-brushes/dp/B00HOYF2JY/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Art Tools brushes </a>. These two are very ideal for finishing touches. Both are good if you are taking your art on the road or just storing in a convenient location. Winsor & Newton Cotman is really the perfect portable watercolor set.
If you are looking for a studio set of watercolors, or to do large scale paintings, Winsor & Newton Cotman is not the set for you. However, that should be evident in the product description. After much research, I have not found a better travel watercolor set for the price and highly recommend this for new watercolorists, anyone wanting to paint on the go or a great present for an artist."
"Ohhh these colors are so vibrant! I was taken aback by how small the pallet was, about the size of an iphone (5! not 6!!!OK not the big fat one) but these little blocks of wonderful surprised me. A little goes a long way. I would splurge on the larger sets after trying this. Great to take on the go!!!"
"For those who like to hike and paint, this set wins. It weighs nothing."
"I purchased it for the box, NOT the paint. I'm not crazy about Cotman , as the pigment (color,) is not very strong . BUT the little box is just what I want to put my own choices of water color paint into the box for travel. It's a cute little box. The paint blocks dropped right out of the little trays , ready for the new paint. Makes me happy."
Really like these.
Perfect color choices for basic palette - except I wish it had Payne's Grey - but that's easy enough to supplement.
"Missing some essential colors I expected to see, like black and basic primary and secondary colors. Also much smaller than I hoped."
My daughter just love them!!!!
"It really is pocket sized. I thought it would be a little bit bigger.

Really great quality watercolors, however."
Good color for me!
"Purchased these locally as part of materials list for an intro watercolor class.

I have no experience with which to review the paints themselves, HOWEVER, I did not realize each color was individually wrapped, once in clear plastic and once in colored paper. I should have checked the night before. I spent a good 30 minutes in class unwrapping, even the instructor came to help. This of course put me behind the rest of the session.

My hands have no problems. I found it extremely difficult to remove, unwrap, and reinsert each color in their teeny tiny little compartments. The blocks I did not place perfectly were extremely resistant to remove and align.  I have trouble even opening the box, as if there is some secret trick I missed.

Perhaps this is a skill/talent that is readily known by more experienced artists. I miss my cheap Crayolas."
Love the saturation I can achieve with these watercolors.
This was delivered to my house in less than 24 hours with prime! I love it. Good price and quality.
"I was greatly anticipating the delivery of this item. I have a pocket set of Winsor Newton watercolors, so I already knew I would be happy with the pigments. It was delivered on time, and in good condition. All but one of the pans were labeled with the color name, so refilling them will be easy when I run out. The case is a bit tricky to open, but better that than it fall open on its own since the pans are a quite loosely fit, and would easily fall out if tipped over. It has a fold out pallet for mixing, and a tray for one or two paintbrushes on the side. I had some fun unwrapping each individual pan from their plastic and placing them back in. I cannot wait to get painting! I highly recommend Winsor Newton's watercolors, they are wonderful!"
"I've always loved Winsor & Newton. They have fantastic paints. This set was perfect. It fits perfectly into my purse or jacket pocket. I'm also not sure why buyers were complaining about a black color cake. My set has a white cake( my seller was court house supplies). So either they were getting older versions of the set or a wrong set. My set was perfect. Also,  for those who are like me an always in a hurry or who don't pay 100% attention.  The case is not water tight. So make sure you soak up your excess water or let it dry out before you stuff it into a pocket or you'll learn the hard way like I did. As for my seller, court house supplies, I commend you on the amazing shipping speed. I ordered this yesterday and received it today. Kudos for being awesome!"
"This was a Christmas present for my niece and she absolutely loved it, delivered quickly, packed well and great quality."
Good quality...but a tiny tiny travel size.
"Perfect for travel, will buy again."
Fast delivery. Good product. So far nothing to complain about.
Very small - really a travel size set only.
"This is an excellent and beautifully made set, worth importing from halfway across the world. The color selection is great and the ingenuity of the set means you can easily carry it in a purse, whip it out wherever you are and have everything you want to paint on the go."
"I am quite happy with this little watercolour kit. I did read several comments about how it doesn't close properly and took my chances.  It's true, it does close, but not completely therefore leaving a gap...I'm sure I will learn to live with it.  I just wish the quality of a product was just as important as the manufacturers profits, seems no one takes pride in this any more.

Time will tell how well it stands up to frequent use...with all the moving parts & the quality of the plastic."
great product
"I have never painted with watercolor before, but these are doing the job."
Just exactly what it is....good for spontaneity.
Bought this for my daughter. She was amazed by the color saturation.
SO much fun!
Excellent Watercolors vivid colors very portable I will buy this again when the time comes.
"I love this product!! Beautifully designed for travel or small, quick plein air painting. I took the Cotman half packs out and squeeze my good water colors in the little boxes. I waited over three months for this pallet because it was on back order. Sure am glad to have it."
bought as gift and she seems satisfied so far.
A+
"Thank you. Excellent product, price and service."
Perfect size for on the go watercolors.
gift
Love them!! <3
Great it really suites my purposes
This watercolor set is perfect for carry-on. It has the perfect size and the right palette for an urban sketcher.
Fantastic product :) Classic. Nice and small for travel.
I only wish they could be bigger
"Lovely, intense colors, packaged in a tiny, very portable case with a snap-tight lid. These will fit in your pocket. It comes with a brush, but I recommend instead Pentel Arts Aquash Water Brush Assorted Tips, Pack of 3 (FRHBFMBP3) if you like to paint on the go. A perfect pair."
This is exactly like the set I purchased over 20 years ago---EXCELLENT DESIGN---I simply bought a new one because it is simple and good.
very nice i love it ..
"love it! The colors are great, easy to use, compact size."
"I am a amateur watercolor painter and I really enjoy these. I've only used tubes prior to this and wanted to try out pans and I have to say I'm a convert! The convenience is great, the whole thing is probably the size of an iphone 4 in an otterbox, and the brush is wonderful. With three mixing compartments in the lid, I've found that I don't even pull out the palette I use for tubes anymore, the lid suffices. Only complaint is not all colors have the same color payoff."
"This is a great watercolor set. There is enough here to mix and dabble. The only drawback: it's tiny. But, great for painting outdoors."
"WAY Smaller than I thought.. yet it's good for trips or just leaving the home..
Or just not havin a lot of space.. So being an artist you gotta pick and choose to
see what works for you.. The whole Water Bottle I wish came with Instructions..
The whole thing comes with NO instructions!! But other than that.. I'm not a big fan
of the no liquid watercolors.. but in a stretch it's fun to do other things. OH YEAH.. the
Colors FALL OUT!!  I sure didn't think it would do that for the money $$$$$ I paid."
Best watercolors in the market.
Decent materials for use professionally
Great set of paints for the price!
This was much smaller than I expected but the paints are good.
"I have one of these that I have used for so long I can't remember when I got it. It is showing a little wear now so I bought another to have when number 1 wore out. This is SO AMAZING. It is very well made. It has a waist belt so it is easy to carry. It comes with a Cotman compact which is very nice and if you want to upgrade the paint you can with W-N half-pans or just fill these half-pans with your own paint. This is what I carry in mine (you buy this yourself):  About 8 small tubes of watercolor paint, two nesting 5"" square white appetizer plates (porcelain) from Cost Plus World Market (about $3 each) for palettes, small 6 dimple plastic tray (about $2) to mix washes in, a tiny Nalgene bottle from REI for water, pencil sharpener, folded paper towels and small Ziploc plastic bag for wet/dirty paper towels all in the zipper net pocket (other times I carried a large batch of Derwent watercolor pencils and the Cotman compact instead of other paint). Then I have tucked in here loose a metal watercolor half-pan box 8.5"" x 3"" x 3/4"" (these run over $50 empty so you might rather use the compact). Foldout section: a small viewfinder, a small ruler, a paper value chart, a Pentel stick eraser, and a small pair of pliers for stuck tube caps (where they put the water container I carry my pliers). On the other side I carry 5 watercolor brushes, three drawing pencils, and clipped on the pocket behind that: four Pigma Micron pens. Then in the open net pocket I keep cut sheets of watercolor paper, 5x7 Aquabord boards or a small watercolor book and more folded paper towels. No this is not the size of a suitcase. It is about 9"" x 6.5"" x 3"" (5.5"" stuffed). It is the perfect plein air bag and it has traveled with me extensively over the years. It is one of my favorite things."
"I have not even used, but each box is so little, in the amazon picture looked bigger..."
"The water color set is great, the price was darn good too, just hated that I had to wait so long to get them."
"Was a little bit smaller than what I expected but it's perfect,since it is pocket edition. Nice box and comes with a great brush!"
"i thought this looked like the perfect way to get some fairly good quality watercolors in a very small, watertight case.

i don't like most of the colors and the pans are so small you'd need to use a size 0 brush to use in this box without mixing one pan with it's neighbors. that ruined it for me.

but the very worst thing is how difficult it is to open the case. i thought it was broken at first, because i had to use so much force to open it. i ended up hurting my fingers when i kept trying to open it.

who wants to use a product that hurts them?!"
Good beginner set.
I love this water color kit!  Beautiful colors and compact for easy travel.
Great little travel set. Compact but has it all.
Excellent quality for the price.
Great colors
The best watercolors I've had so far! The colors are brilliant and rich and the size is perfect for traveling.  I highly recommend.
colors are high quality
This is the perfect set for me.  I am always on the move and wanted something that I could use where ever I just happened to be and that wouldn't weigh me down or bulk up my purse.  I use this in combination with the Pentel Aquash Water Brush which is a perfect match.  I am able to sit and draw on the train while it balances nicely on my leg because it is compact.  The colors are beautiful and vivid bringing my drawings to life.
"Set was what was suspected, and it is GOOD. Thank you."
"Compact size. Great product. The brush has a really awesome feature that allows it to be capped , so to speak when not using."
Great gift for my traveling artists friends.
"IT'S KINDA SMALL, BUT JUST GOOD~"
"I am in love with this set. The quality of the paint is like none other. A lot smaller than I thought it was going to be, but still incredible."
"This little box & palette is small, so easy to carry and has 12 great colors. Perfect for painting on the go. This will fit in my purse and even has a decent brush included."
"This product is all good and well, the colors are vibrant and it forces you to make your own shades which is something I quite enjoy. But it took forever to get to my home."
"Beautiful colors, nice and compact, great feel of paint to paper. I am so enjoying this watercolor set."
Really brilliant color. Convenient.
"Excellent watercolor set, especially for travelling.  I have used this set at home also and am quite happy with it and the colors it contains.  I have not used the little water reservoir because I use a waterbrush which makes it very portable for me.  I would definitely recommend this set."
"Unbelievable compact watercolor pallet with water container, brush (small), sponge and water holder that doubles as a lid that holds the folded compartments to gather. Also comes with 12 color tiles ready to use.. I'm a beginner,but it's easy to see a lot of work and planning went into this product for the artist that likes do painting on field trips with minimal fuss. You can purchase color tiles of your own choosing to substitute any of the tiles. Also, I searched a few art suppliers before I made my purchase, and found the best price on Amazon."
"At this price point, the mechanism for holding pans in place is lacking. It seems to work but is made of thin plastic strips that seem easily breakable, which would make the whole palette useless. Just hoping my luck will hold."
nice set and fast shipping
"Good product, not exactly what I expected, but I am new to watercolor."
This was a great bargain.  Everything was good.
Top cover is hard to remove.  Otherwise I love Winsor Newton Cotman colors.
Thee are wonderful little paint sets for amateurs and professionals alike.great for quick sketches on the move.
"This is a cute little compact watercolor set to have on hand. It doesn't have black, but it forces you to be creative in mixing up various shades of black using other colors. The colors you do have are very rich. It's good for all ages, and It's very portable."
too tiny but portable.
I took this set on vacation and was able to paint with ease...nice colors..very pleased with purchase.
"Wow, so odd! I just bought this product and Amazon poises it as I've already reviewed it and can only edit it? Do I have a doppelgaenger out there, posing as me? I have bought this product, but years ago when W&N still offered whole pans in North America. So there's a lot messed up here.
This is the second time I've purchased nominally, in name only, the same product. Liked it the first time around. Noticeably different then, the product then was made in England and many of the albeit Cotman whole pans included were indeed real cadmiums and cobalts. On the description here, erroneously they are said cadmiums and cobalts, but they are not, they are merely hues of cadmium or cobalt. Of course, elsewhere there's the salesman's caveat, ""contents may vary"", but this is not the kind of straight-forward one expects from Amazon. Also, the actual pans are in a different wrapping, each explicitly saying, ""made in China"". Seems W&N has come to this.  :(
(I have another  new W&N whole pan box, but delivered from Japan and in a nice metal box, 12-pan  format. Here the kicker is, ""made in France""! I have not used it so don't know yet if the colors are good. I like my Senneliers, so this may be okay. But the heck is going on with W&N and / or Amazon?!)
But now back to this Cotman box, or should I call it ""alleged Cotman"" box. With the 24 Chinese hues, not genuine British pans with cadmiums and colbalts like my older, earlier purchase. Although much is different, I still very much like the plastic box the colors came in. Just like the older one. Very good, serviceable. I've had a lot of good use with it. No problem at all. Don't understand the complaints in that area at all.
Oh, the price went up about half again, since my last purchase.
I'll give it 3 stars until I can test the pans in use and see if they're good, up to W&N (previous?) standards.
And still, what is with Amazon claiming I'd reviewed this before!!!!!"
"Apart from the lack of black, which I kinda needed for a few of the watercolors I did on a recent international trip, I really liked this set of watercolors.  I am by no means an experienced watercolorist and am a completely unskilled amateur, but the quality of the watercolors and the range of colors in this set worked for my needs quite well and gave me everything that I needed to do some pretty awful, but fun to create, watercolors of the Irish countryside.  I did not use the brush and went with a watercolor brush with a reservoir instead so I could easily carry water with me, but I loved this little set on the whole.  Easy to chuck it, my brush, and my watercolor notebook into my camera bag and trek it along with me everywhere!"
Excelent Product. The shipping was fast and efficient. Thanks. I'm very happy.
"Really nice set, it would be a nice gift for an artist."
"I am updating my water colors I brought these I have never used these kind.  I received the box and was impressed however,

I like to know the names of the 12 colors inside for reordering  (your original page did not list the colors).  I plan to buy a

box of 24 (full pan) and I am curious of what I already bought ( colors received).  Also the only thing I did not like was the

box design is awkward to open especially if your a Senior.

Mas"
I love these!  They work wonderfully. It's a bit hard to mix the colors effectively but aside from that these watercolors are exactly what I needed!
Perfect for travel--easily slips into a purse or travel bag.  Particularly like the convertible brush.
"some colors are on the opaque side like white.
so great for watercolor improvements"
It was gift for an artist friend taking a train trip.  She loved it!  Could not believe how compact and all the gear folded up in it.
fun set for artist on the go
"I like the color selection.  However, be prepared tp spend a lot of time putting together.  Each color is indivually wrapped and most colors will not just fall out to do this.  The plastic pans are clipped together in groups of four.  So you have to pry out the four pan clip, then pry out each indivual pan, unwrap and put back in.  I do like that each plastic pan is marked with the name of the color and it's number.  It took about two hours to get it ready, so don't plan on using right out of the box."
"This is one of the best paint sets I have ever laid my hands upon. The colors are rich and vibrant. Smaller than expected but does the job extremely well, comes in handy for on the go. It also comes with a mini paintbrush for miniature details. However it doesn't include black or purple."
"Best watercolors I have to date! The only colors I would get as extras are a really rich red and forest/yellowy-green. A little goes a LONG way, would highly recommend!"
Pigments are very vivid and beautiful. I really like it.
Love the colors and very happy.
"Very happy, beginning artist and just what I needed."
"I would have given 5 rating if the seller would not have charged 7$ for shipping. Apart from that, I love them. Very compact box and great colours. Perfect for a travelling artist."
A little is enough. Easy to make your own colors.
"I like the size of this set, I can drop this in my purse to carry it with me. FYI- there is no black paint, which is kind of a pain. Also a pain- the lid won't stay propped open; it closes on its own all the time."
I loved.
"Handy little travel bag--I wish I could have found one empty, since I didn't need the palette, but it's a good value!"
now to find the time to start painting again.
Very happy with this purchase. Winsor & Newton are so expensive in Australia it is just ridiculous.  Thank you Amazon for making it possible for me to purchase quality art products at affordable prices.
"This is a good starter kit.  It was all smaller than I expected from the picture.  I am a first time watercolor painter and this met my expectations.  The ""tips"" booklet was not included--I have seen that this is the case with others who have purchased this item.  Maybe WN does not include it anymore.  This kit will get you going with watercolor painting, though.  I recommend, especially if you can get it on sale or discounted for the rather high WN website price."
Seriously amazing! Especially when you're starting out and wanting to test some shades before you buy full sizes
Was a little bit smaller than what I spected but this are top quality watercolors! Excellent!
"This set is great for practicing painting with water colors.  The ray are a good size, but the colors are not necessarily the ones I would use for mixing what I want."
"Um, ya!  I'm not new to watercolor painting. But it does amaze me the difference in good quality paints oppose to cheap ones.  I wanted something to take with my on vacation and these are great, the pigment is excellent. Bright colors great mixing qualities. If your on a budget for the quality these are excellent paints. And not too expensive.  I will but the next size up for my travels once I've used this up."
Excellent beginner set.
small but good
"Perfect for traveling. Sturdy little case.
Made well. Nice choice of colors . I have no problem mixing more from this selection"
I love this little set. It is easy to hold and clean. The paint trays are removable but they don't rattle around in it while being transported. It is light weight but made of a sturdy plastic. I use it a lot for plein air paintings. When the original paints are gone I intend to reuse the case. It was a great gift.
The best watercolor kit. don't bother looking for anything else.
These paints are very vibrant.  The case as a lot of areas for mixing and the half pans are just big enough. Love it.
"I am not sure why this has so many negative reviews.  I got this palette a few weeks ago and I love it!  I have a few palettes for traveling and I always come back to this one.  I find that 12 colors is the perfect amount to paint with because I can mix almost any color I want.  I like that the mixing areas are removeable for easy cleaning.  The brush I don't use very often but it's nice to include incase you forget yours.  I didn't find that the colors were all that similar when swatched except for maybe the ultramarine and colbalt but that doesn't affect me too much, when the ultramarine runs out I will fill it with a more intense pthalo blue.  Excellent little palette that I use at home and when traveling."
Beautiful
"I borrowed the same set from a friend who needed it back and I missed it. I am a beginning painter of watercolor and the colors are true and have a nice basic range for a beginner. I like pans better than tube paints although I have those as well. This is a good beginner set if you paint out in nature and are familiar with color mixing. I have painted with other media before so I can get most every color I need from this set except good shades of purples when I mix colors. I have not bothered to use the brush although its cute but basically useless. It would probably be better to apply lip gloss or something then to paint with :-)

For whatever reason, this set had to come all the way from UK - this set was not available in my area - but it got here sooner than expected so I didn't have to go back to my tube paints and was able to continue with my watercolor class uninterrupted. The seller did a great job of getting these paints to me much faster than the expected date."
Great small compact set.  Good for traveling.  Colors are beautiful.
"Great product, exactly as described. These paints are high quality with a great pigment ratio."
"colors are nice, this kit was recommended by an artist on her DVD and that is why I purchased it, to do Plein Air art.  The colors are not as high in pigment as the more expensive brands which I will switch to."
"This is one of my favorite sets.  Easy to remove the cartridges and stick your own pans in which is what I did.  I like how many palettes there are, and they are removable which makes it so easy to keep clean and keep your colors clean.  The regular pocket set is great, but whenever I clean it water gets all in the colors etc.  This opens easily - you just need to push the top lid back toward the hinges slightly as you lift.  All these boxes work that way.  A short learning curve.  But it's nice because it stays latched closed in your bag.  Highly recommend.  This is the one I take on trips."
"I love this set of watercolors!  I am a complete beginner, but was not satisfied with the quality of the inexpensive Artists Loft brand watercolor pan set I bought from Michael's.  After researching online and reading multiple reviews, this set seemed good for beginners.  The colors are so rich and vibrant!  My only complaint was that two colors, a red and a yellow, were not labeled.  By looking at the insert I think I figured out which colors they were - but without the actual color names on the pans I can't be positive."
"Good paints at a really good price. Excellent for students, not recommended for the seasoned artists."
A great gift for my father-in-law!
A wonderful product softens as soon as you wet it. I love pan watercolors and these are the best!
This is a good related all-round set for posterity. I would like a couple of these on hand always to keep backup on hand.
"I am beyond thrilled with this set. I was able to find it in store with a coupon so it was a great deal. The first thing I did was replace the Chinese white with paynes grey and the burnt sienna with my own burnt sienna (from my own M. Graham tubes).

The selling point for me is the case. It's a fabulous design for holding with one hand and painting with the other. It even has a little water reservoir, love it! I've been struggling to find a water brush I like so it's wonderful to have that little water cup. There is plenty of mixing space as well.

The pans are quite loose so I will be fastening those down (along with the paints themselves) but this made it easy to swap out for colors I prefer.

As for the paints themselves I'm not really one to be judging quality but as I said I swapped out the white and sienna straight away. Even if you're looking for a nifty case just go for it and fill with your own colors. I'm planning on buying a second one just to put my more rambunctious colors in for days when I'm feeling funky.

I had gotten a Kio set earlier but don't bother with those. If you're looking for a cheap field kit this is the one!"
"Very vivid color. I never used this kind of watercolor before. It is as good as the paint. The kit is so cute. Just the cubes are smaller than I expected, because there is box in the plastic bags."
"I love the size of this set.  I take it everywhere.  I add water and paper and I'm ready to paint.  The brush is great for details, but I often take along a larger brush for backgrounds.

I like the built-in blending trays.  It would be nice if it had black watercolor, but I wouldn't trade the small size for additional color."
"These are just what I needed, the right size and the right amount of watercolors.
Super great pigments, Im so happy with my purchase!"
"Beginning watercolor as a beginner, I found the sketcher's pocket box set on the shelf of an art store. I was used to the cotman quality and haven't before used W&N's artist series. I found out later that they make several more different sets on Amazon. I bought the Compact set and the Field Box set (both Cotman). I didn't want to spend $90 on a watercolor set, and this set was perfect. Now, I use the artist quality watercolors from tubes, removed the half pan colors (kept the plastic pans) and filled them with artist quality color. The good thing with this rather than the artist Compact set is that you can swap out colors and replace them with colors that are familiar. I favor the Compact set over the Field Box because There are 14 colors instead of 12, and more mixing space. I've used this set for glazing, charging, and even fast and loose. I've had it long enough to still recommend it."
These are the same brand I used in my water color art classes long ago. Now I'm using these again and it is great to be back with Winsor and Newton. The colours are above and beyond my last set (another good quality brand.)
"Pigmentation was great.  Perfect range of colors to create anything you can think of.  Small and portable.  Closed securely. As a professional artist, I couldn't live without it."
I'm not a good painter but I love this paint set. I would buy this again.  The colors are great.
"I bought it hoping to have a good mix of colors, it doesn't even have the primary colors like in the picture, it has 2 yellows that are pretty much the same, a green that's more blue than green and 2 shades of brown that are very similar which is not useful. This is not worth the price."
"I recommend that if you buy this you should paint out each color and label them.  Some of the colors are so dark in the container you can't tell what color they are.  They are all gorgeous colors!  The only down side of this is that it is very hard to open the latch.  So when I open it I use the opposite end of my paint brush, that seems to do the trick."
This has nice quality paints and is solid plastic construction. Tiny and easy to travel with. I also think the brush is quite nice for an inexpensive travel brush. My only issue was that there really isn't enough mixing space to be practical. It is small enough to put in my plastic box of sketching stuff with another small mixing palette. I wish I had gone for the step up which has the extra fold out mixing area. This little guy is a lovely little kit though so if you don't need a lot of mixing area or can come up with a way to carry extra then I would get it.
"I used to watercolor when I was in elementary school and I'd just started getting back into it; but this is on a WHOLE NEW LEVEL. As a kid I was used to using the rectangular Crayola palettes where you dip your brush into the water and then into a well of solid paint and then onto the paper. But, oh my god wow, the Winsor & Newton Cotman water color tubes are in a completely different league. Both brands (Crayola and Winsor & Newton Cotman) are equally good but are definitely better suited for different age groups. Here's what I liked and didn't like (or I guess the things I needed to get used to) about this product:

Likes:
-Good value; the tubes are deceivingly small but the amount of paint you use each time is almost microscopic so a little goes a long way
-Nice variety of colors
-All paints are very highly pigmented
-Metal tube prevents air from entering the tube and drying out the paint
-Paints can be mixed together to customize new shades
-Opacity of color can be adjusted by the amount of water you add

Aspects That Definitely Have A Learning Curve To 'Em:
-Amount of paint you need to put down-->I learned this the hard way, DO NOT, do NOT squirt out the same amount as your would acrylic paint, in the tube, the paint is incredibly concentrated and so when you add water to it, if you squirt out a lot of paint, you'll end up with a lot of water coloring paint and not know what to do with it
-Do I add water to the paint or vice versa? -->I'm still not sure which way it goes but I find it easiest to first add the paint to my palette (since essentially I'm just dabbing the tip of the tube onto the palette) and then adding in water
-Making new colors-->this can be done couple of way. So far I've found 2. The first way is to dab the colors you want to mix first onto the palette and then add water. The second way, which I found is helpful when you don't want to waste colors that you've already added water to, is to take some of a colored water (i.e. a previous color you've made) and add it to either another colored water or to new dab of paint. (ex. dab of red from tube + blue water = purple water)"
If you can find these Cotman's for $2.00 apiece it's a good deal. Color selection is pretty good. Had to supplement with 4 other colors to suit my needs. Those were on sale at the art store for $2.79. Normally around $4.
"Found this set searching only for a new box without the pans, and bought it because was cheaper than buying an empty case. So it was perfect for me, specially for the great discount."
It was recommended by an artist who was teaching a watercolor class to purchase Winsor & Newton Cotman water colors. It is important to have good paints to get the effect you want. This set gave a nice choice of colors to start me off. It was a good price compared to Michael's.
"Love these paints.  They are wonderful.  The colors are rich.  Easy to use.  Although the container is small, I feel that they hold as much as a tube does"
"Genuine product. Good paints. Soft material. Good brand. Perfect size to go.
Fast service. Nice store.
Good price. I am happy with everything.
Thank you ,friends. Good luck."
"This is quite a compact little set-up and I am
eager to give it a try.  A little pricey, but, most
art supplies are these days.  It was as described
and vendor was pretty quick to ship."
My mother loves this paint set and is thinking about getting more to use for her art work. Will definitely buy more from this company.
"This set gives you a warm and cool shade of the major colors you need for most paintings, as well as a few colors that are just nice to have (such as Opera). The paints are vibrant and smooth, mix well, and lift well. I bought this particular set because of the size of the case and the ample room for mixing on the fold-out pallet. I did wonder if the small plastic hinges would be durable, but so far this is holding up very nicely, and because it's plastic, cleanup is quick and easy. The pans of paint are a convenient size and fall into long grooves the length of the box so they don't fall out or get knocked over. These grooves make it easy to pick up and rearrange or replace pans as colors are used up.

Since I've begun sharing paintings with my friends, many have asked me about materials for taking up the hobby themselves and every time, for cost and quality, I refer them here."
"I bought this to replace one I had bought at a local craft store and got home to find it was missing some of the colors! The one from this seller was in perfect condition and completely intact. The paints are good quality, well pigmented, and the packaging is convenient. I used tiny brush for masking fluid since I already had brushes I prefer for watercolors, but it's still a decent brush :)"
"I needed a small simple box of color, this is it. I do a lot of pen and ink with watercolor wash for added interest, this simple box lets me do this on the go. There is lots of color in each pan, and although not a lot of pans I am able to mix up the color I need.  Pigments for paint are expensive and so the price may be more than some are comfortable with but this is worth it.  Seller shipped quick, and package arrived in good condition.  This is a very good little paint box for the professional."
My mom likes to paint in her free time and had been talking about these colors for a while. So I decided to buy these for her. The shipping was fast and efficient. My mom was very happy to have these and said that these colors are much more vibrant and alive than her old colors. She also said she will never buy any other water colors. So this was a very good purchase.
"I am just learning to watercolor and always made garish pictures with odd colors using tube paints and I am obsessive compulsive so you can imagine my horror when using this darling little box of pans they all blurred together, but by using muddy colors as I am sure every other person who paints knows, I made the most beautiful painting I have ever done.
Also I never have had pan colors since kindergarten boxes but I assume these are good quality and even though it is little and so cute I painted two giant posters almost exclusively with the two blues provided and have a bit left of each as well.
Did I mention how darling and small it is!"
"I have always loved painting and colouring but never tried serius watercolors before, only the scholar ones. My boyfriend gave this to me as a gift and I love them. I am actually enjoying working with watercolors so much that I am thinking on buying some artist's grade ones. You won't regret buying this little thing, it is really portable and enough light weight so you can carry it everywhere and you won't even notice it."
"I have researched and read reviews of many travel kits and finally decided on this set. The colours included are: lemon yellow hue, cadmium yellow hue, cadmium red pure hue, cadmium red hue, alizarin crimson hue, purple lake, ultramarine, cerulean blue hue, viridian hue, sap green, yellow ochre, burnt sienna, burnt umber and Chinese white. The colours are just brilliant! I used a small piece of double sided sticky tape to keep the pans in place. Once you use the paint, they don't fall out. A great buy and small enough to hold in my ""travel bag""."
"Very poor quality manufacturing. That set itself is difficult to open. The cartridges are supposed to be removable but I've nearly torn out my finger tips and nails and they won't budge.

Overall the set feels poorly made and cheap. The paints don't look great either. Can't be sure of their quality because I couldn't test them: because I can't take them out!

This set has come highly recommended by experienced watercolorists. I think its price is pretty unbeatable. Worthwhile if you're on a tight budget and willing to put up with the poor quality. I'm returning it."
"Our daughter travels a lot and likes to paint postcards on her journeys.
This set is wonderful. It is compact and very efficient! It fits in her back pack very well.
The quality of the paints is  AWESOME!"
I can toss this into my kit bag and head out into the field for a day of sketching and painting and have what I need.  It's nice to have quality paints in such a compact case.  I've paired this with Pentel's Aquabrush 3 piece set.
"Cute and pocket sized like it said! Quality paints, but you have to take good care of it! Mine has a lot of dust stuck in the paint now, but that should not affect the colors too bad. Also, If you can, let it dry before you close and take it; the paint blocks tend to stick on the lid."
"This is my first travel watercolor kit. I like the size, variety of half pans, water trays and small brush. It is hard to open but that is better than one that falls open since I'm carrying it around with me quite a bit. I did find another Winsor & Newton travel set that was much easier to open. I think I would have picked the other set if I had known."
"Before purchasing this set, my experience with watercolor was limited to Reeves and some cheap pan sets. I finally decided to try a watercolor brand with some repute in the art world. I was actually surprised at the difference. Winsor & Newton gives off much better color and is easier to use than Reeves.

As for the set itself--I think it's fantastic. The box measures around 5"" x 2.5"", so it's very small. Each color comes in a brick about half an inch wide by 3/4 of an inch long--but there's a lot of color there to work with (I was constantly wasting paint with the Reeves tubes). It also comes with a little brush, great for painting small pictures or for detail in larger works. Being so small, the set is very portable, which is great when you want to paint at a friend's place."
It is so small and cute I love the portable size of this water color set only bad thing is my lid won't stay closed it keeps opening.
Got this for my niece as a travel paint set.  She is at a military academy and not allowed a lot of space.  The translucent color cakes have a good selection.  Good value purchase.
"love this - had one a long time, and my DOG ate it - not kidding- it is so easy to pack for travel, to the beach, etc and the paint quality is lovely-"
"If you can't find the perfect travel palette for you, then it is because you don't have this set. With this set, it is easy to create the habit of painting more often. I use this not just when I'm out and about but also when I'm at home. I will most likely buy another set so that I can have a variety of paints in each one and have one to keep at work or in my car."
"we bought ME a set of these at our local Michael's store and paid WAY WAY WAY more than this Then... my hubby wanted one and I said ill find it on amazon and was flabbergasted at how CHEAP (price-wise) it was in comparison to what I paid at michaels for the SAME thing... (so my hubby reminded me we used the 40% off coupon and I felt better) its a cute little compact set, though the bottom palette is a TAD hard to pull out and it would be very nice if they could figure out a way to either include another water pan OR make the ONE an that is included BIGGER. for our fun outings and some art in the mix I am certain we will enjoy these, the paints appear to be a nice quality and a nice variety and the brush appears to be a nice quality too.

update: after attempting to pull the tray out a few more times and being a bit frustrated with the limited color choices, as well as having the little color pans fall out about 5 times so far (very tired of this) I ordered a different little travel paint set: Sakura XNCW-24N 24-Piece Koi Assorted Water Colors Field Sketch Set with Brush. about the same price for 24 very nice colors AND a high quality plastic tray as well as a water filled brush and 2 nice little sponges. I like the new one WAY BETTER. just an FYI.

LOL... and its NOT just the the pans fall out, the paint chip IN the pan falls out too so you have 24 pieces of stuff to gather up (during your ""travels"" BTW) and put back in order.... a super glue tube might have been a nice addition to the set. lol

update: today I took out my glue gun and glued all the pans AND the chips IN the pans to the ""set"" I also notice that if you use the mixing tray in the lid, you are screwed when you close it unless everything is totally dry b4 you close it. so you MUST use the not too easy to slide out mixing tray on the bottom. I am so HAPPY I bought the Koi kit because its SO Much nicer that I don't need to mess much with this one.

AND black and/or paynes grey would have been a REALLY NICE add to the color palette..."
"Love these paints.  I now have a little' to go ' kit.  So much fun!
I've always wanted to do travel journaling.  Now I am ready!"
the paint is no good. i love the case though because I can refill it with my own paint. its very small and cute too. its the size of a cell phone lol
"I have had at least 4 of these.
this is a great tool for painting outdoors.
The little water bottle is great"
"Winsor Newton has many good quality products and the colors used are a good base. Obviously for regular painting this set can be hard to get used to as it is very small and the color choices are limited. However, as a design student there have been times I needed my water color set but it takes up a lot of space in my tool box but this does not so it was a must.

Note that the watercolors are individually wrapped and you can replace/change them by ordering new colors so you don't have to buy a new set all the time."
"Only few colors are vivid and smooth like ultamarine blue, cobalt blue, lemon yellow., etc others are dull and hard take it from the paint box.  It is a worthy one practicing. not more not less."
A very nice little set. The only problem is that the paints fall out of the little pans. Glad I purchased this paint set.
Nice little paint kit to take to the outdoors or traveling.  Convenient and perfect suited for the task when away from home.
This item sells for more than 90$ at my local art supply store. I got it for half that including shipping. It was a gift for my son and he loves it. Thanks.
I would have preferred it if it had Payne's Gray. It's a very nice case. i was able to buy a pan of Payne's and add it to the set.
"I must confess I bought this set to get the half pans of colors to put into another box and they worked just fine. They are a teeny tiny bit smaller than a 'standard' half pan, but they fit into the clips of my Schmincke box just fine.

A word on Cotman colors: although this is considered a student or entry-grade paint, I find Cotman colors work very satisfactorily. There is a nice range of colors, and even though a lot of them, such as the cadmiums, are 'hues' and not real cadmium, they still look pretty close to the real thing (and at a fraction of the price). I've used the Cotman tube colors for years because they were less expensive and I am not selling my artwork so it didn't matter to me about any perceived quality issues. I have noticed that the price for even the Cotman paints has gone up a LOT since I first started buying them. The artist's grade are astronomical!

The colors in the pans are just as good as the tube colors, and I'll be refilling them as they empty with Cotman tube colors. Having a pan set of colors  in a small box is so handy to grab and go with.

If someone wants this set as a traveling sketchbox, I think it would be well-suited to that purpose. The tiny brush included, although small, seems to be nicely made. It would be good for very quick sketches, which, after all, is what this set is meant for."
"This was a Christmas goodie for my son, he and his fiance are artists and they are thrilled with it. Windsor Newton is a superior product and arrived in perfect condition in very timely manner. Thank you, will order from you again ! Lyric"
Although pricey these watercolors are worth it. I would have like the professional grade but the student grade still works well for travel.
"I decided I wanted to do watercolors recently. This is my second set of paints. My first set were some weird brand of liquid tubed watercolor pigment. It was grainy and gross.

These paints are super smooth, it takes minimal water to get pigment on your brush, they blend well, and the pans don't crack after being used and drying out.

Perfect size to fit in my purse. Perfect!"
Awesome for travel. This thing is smaller than it looks though. Do not expect a big or even medium palet. This is a little longer that a cigarette box. the brush is very tiny too. But it does the job and each square is individual so when you run out you can buy replacement cubes of color.
"This is a perfect ""field box"" for use with a small watercolor pad that you can carry with you and sketch on the scene. Field boxes are supposed to be SMALL thats the point. The specs state it is about 5""X 3"", that perfect for taking with you hiking, or to parks or to coffee shops or any place you want to sketch and paint with no big heavy,complicated, set up and only water needed.  I don't know why they have it listed as a toy. Look at other field boxes they are twice the cost or ten times the cost and thats because they are used by outdoor watercolor painters all over the world.  Perfect Plein Air , outdoor painting anywhere you go.  All you need is water and some watercolor paper. The brush is included and its a high quality brush.  This is not a ""kiddy set""  its for serious students and artist who like to paint from life outdoors. I used it at the Botanical gardens to sketch tropical birds.  You can put it in your back pack or any carry bag you use or even in your purse. There are sets of field boxes that sell for $120 and sometimes more, and this set  has 12 colors and a collapsible brush. Use it with a watercolor album by Moleskin or Strathmore 5""X8"" or larger watercolor pad or go smaller with Strathmore Watercolor Postcards. Don't forget to get a real sea sponge for picking up or laying down various effects."
"each color cube is as big as my thumb nail. there is no black color. the brush in the set is sooo small. this is my first watercolor pigment set, and generally i think it's not bad!"
"Ok let me just tell you that I LOVE these watercolors. I've been using some really cheap store brand ones for a while and there is no comparison, these are wonderful. The pigment is rich and layers don't muddle together.  The size is perfect to carry with a small sketchbook for the artist on the go. I recommend this pocket set to anyone beginning work with watercolors, it's just the right amount of colors and a great buy."
"Thank you for providing quality watercolor paints for my ever changing painting moods.  Windsor Newton paints are one of the highest quality paints around and I was thrilled to find them here on Amazon. Fast, efficient delivery, too. Bonus!"
"I am very disappointed in this item.  The palette was a very flimsy, cheesy, bendable, thin plastic.  The top was made of same plastic and was too loose to stay on the palette without two rubber bands, which then made it even flimsier.  Picture shows a bottom box which may give some shape to it. Instead, it arrived in a thin, slip-in box.  Basically, this palette isn't worth using.  Colors advertised a Hooker's Green Dark but a Viridian was substituted.  I would recommend buying this only if you think it is a good value for the watercolors themselves."
She loves them and put them to use right away.  She was very satisfied and is using them for a drawing class she is taking.
These colors are fantastic. This is the first time for me to use pan colors.  I immediately sat down to paint a floral painting and I could not believe the difference how vibrant the colors were and how easily they flowed onto the paper
Nice little paint set! I am not pleased with it for one reason! It is not much biger than my walet! It's not worth the money for it's size! I will not buy another one! Sorry!
"Quality Winsor & Newton paint, good amount of paint mixing area, completely portable!
I recommend this to the artist on the go."
"This is my first set of pan watercolors; I typically squeeze a tube.  I was really impressed with the density of the pigment.  I was expecting something much less, but the colors are rich in the pan and on the paper.  As compact sets go, you won't be disappointed."
This water color set was part of an art Christmas present for my daughter and came on time and in great condition.  Thank you.
Love this little set because it's so portable and the water colors are of fairly nice quality with a great variety of colors. The only problem is that the color blocks will not stay put in their little bins; they keep popping out.
"For the price, this paint was a truly great deal for me.  I appreciate the color and consistency of paint that Winsor & Newton Cotman produce.  If this price point continues, I plan to continue to purchase this online.  It arrived by the designated date.  Thank you."
I am about two years into learning to paint. I was using a cheap paint and I have changed and started using this kind of paint. There is no comparison. This paint is creamy and so vibrant. I don't use near the amount of paint. I am convinced this is the best paint for the money ever.
"I have used this for a couple of years and it is just the right size to slip in my bag - it has everything you need in a very compact box and the quality is very good.  It is good for ""impulse"" packing when you are debating if you should bring a little something to occupy your time.  I have some travel brushes and a small watercolor deck and take them more often than not, thanks to this little set."
I thought the box was small for the price but my neighbor who paints assured me that are good quality professional even
"This watercolour set is perfect in almost every way. The case is wonderfully designed, the pigments are of amazing quality, and the portability is wonderful.

Do yourself a favour and upgrade in a big way to art supplies that don't suck!"
"I love this set so much I'm buying it again. Its very small, comes with a good variety of colors and is just very packable. I bought an extra white pan and removed some others to replace them with my specific palette but you couldn't get something better for your money."
Very compact yet quite sufficent for watercolor exercises.  Fits into purse easily.  Lightweight & practical.  Readily available for any project.
"I have used this pocket set for years and I love it.  The colors are vibrant and more versatile than you would guess for the price and size.  The little brush is great for detail work, but you'll need more sizes."
This set has everything I need to paint. W&N is a great brand and the colors are vibrant! the 12 colors are enough to creat almost any color that I need!!!
Came as expected. Very fast delivery. Paints are loose in the pans but easuly fixed by gluing. I am looking forward to my trip overseas with my new set.
"great product, fast shipping.  good stuff.  this is very handy for cafe sketching and quick on the go stuff.  really enjoy using it"
Is excellent because i was waiting for my purchase to receive and did love when I start to usted it. Is the best
I haven't used mine yet but it is definitely very compact.  It was less expensive at Amazon.  I think I will enjoy the size for when I want to be outdoors since there is always lots to carry to be comfortable. It actually has all you need to get some very good studies done.  And it may even prove to be all I would need even for finished work.  Hope to find out soon.
"Paints are good, delivery was good, price was excellent. nothing to complain about, bought two sets and the price could not be beat."
"I'm an adult watercolorist and author of an ebook on starting out in watercolors. I've purchased and used more than two dozen little watercolor kits over the years, several Winsor & Newton models as well as several competitors. This is one of the best. I have and like this precise model as well as its more expensive ""Artist's"" version. (With the premium line of watercolor paints in the half pans). Both are great. The Artist's version is probably my very favorite, best-liked kit. The same, common design, albeit plastic, is both compact and efficient. The low Amazon price here is just phenomenal, just a little more than the W&N Sketcher's Kit in Cotman. The W&N 'Cotman' line of paints, while said not as good as the premium ""Artist's"" line, is still quite excellent, plenty good enough.
The price is so low, it might qualify as a toy in some minds. However, the fact is, it's plenty good enough for any adult wishing to get started, properly, in watercolors. Heartedly recommended, for young and old."
"I am now taking a intemediate/advanced watercolor class and the instructor recommended that I get some higher grade paint. She
really liked this set and I like it because the paints keep organized. There is a small mixing pans with it. The paint pans have the name of the color on the side so I can track what color I am using. The color is full and and makes a difference in my painting."
"The good...Well made heavy plastic. Construction is such that it is very robust and sturdy. Will not open by accident as cup that holds water slips over the folded paint set as a sleeve. So set can not open no matter what until cup/top is pulled off. Brush is pretty nice. I found paints to be fine.

The bad....Small brush does not  wash sky very well. So it useful only on 6"" x 8"" size or smaller. If you want to paint big, you will need a bigger brush. Paint colors are suitable for landscapes/outdoors.
  +++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

UPDATED REVIEW TWO MONTHS LATER......I just couldn't get by with the small brush. I ordered from Amazon ""Retractable Travel Brush Set for outdoor Painting"" for about $40 bucks. Really nice brushes and make for much better painting. In fact I highly recommend just getting a brush you like and using the little brush that comes with set as a back up. So far paint quality has been fine for me.

If I had know though that I was going to have to carry a separate brush ( or brushes).  I would have bought one of the flat travel pans with 16 colors and more mixing space. Now I'm carrying all my travel paint items in a small bag."
"Nice pocket size watercolor set. My seven years old daughter liked it a lot. Nothing more to say, so ..."
"As with most things in life, watercolor painting is more fun when you use the appropriate tools for the job. These are quality paints that are deeply pigmented and will last. Winsor & Newton is a reputable brand, and though it costs a bit more, it is worth it. The compact is very small, like a small cell phone, great for taking outside for a quick trip. I'm still a beginner, but look forward to learning how to paint well now that I have a quality set of pans."
"Although it's a small, compact case, I love these watercolors! This is my second set. I can't seem to move onto a larger one because I like them too much."
"small, compact pkg / easy handling for travel and close in painting
excellent for quick set-up / bright colors as one would expect from W&N"
The quality of the paint is the best in the market. It's a good gift idea for a student like myself.
I love to Art-journal when on vacation and this field set is perfect.  It is a compact size - with all you need  for some quick watercolor.  It is also compact enough to fit in an average size canvas bag or tote and still have plenty of room with other mixed-media supplies.  I do add more brushes and a small sponge. I have not had any problems with the water bottle and was able to easily find replacement colors.  Most people who see it want to play with it as well.
"Great product, been using it every day. Not the best range of colors to start with but they work. Love how compact it is, throw it in my bag and carry it whereever i go."
This is my first time using Winsor Newton Cotman watercolors.  I love the brightness of them and how they mix. Wish I started out using this brand
"The colors in the kit I purchased are:  Cadmium Red Pale Hue, Cobalt Blue, Cadmium Yellow Hue, Chinese White, Sap Green, Ultramarine, Cadmium Yellow Pale Hue, Alizarin Crimson Hue, Viridian Hue, Burnt Umber, Yellow Ochre, Burnt Sienna.  It's possible the list of colors wasn't included here because the company might vary them.  What I recommend is taking a piece of card stock or heavy watercolor paper cut to a 3 7/8"" x 2""  then draw a grid that corresponds to the palette on one side and paint a sample of each color and write the name of each paint on the corresponding  area on the back then protect the card from moisture with laminating film.  The card sits nicely inside the box and is a handy reference.

For any watercolorist new to the hobby, ""hue"" means a color that is representative of it's namesake, but is an approximation of the artist grade of the color.  These colors  may not be as intense are possibly more fugitive then the colors they are named after.

The artist grade  version of this set is approximately 25 dollars more and you don't get to choose the colors.  Since the pans are replaceable or can be filled with tube colors when empty,  I'll decided to purchase the less expensive student grade version and use up the colors on practice sketching and later on I'll refill the pans with my preferred  palette of artist quality paints.  Adding 25 dollars to same case for paint colors whose names aren't listed  and which I can't choose doesn't seem worth it."
"There're better small watercolor sketch boxes. Some of them are from the same company, Winsor & Newton. For just one, there's the W & N Bijou Box, I have a Bijou myself and I love it! However, although the Bijou Box might prove superior were one to take a very, very close look, the Bijou lists for much more than does this Cotman box. Further, looking at other brands (or especially those execrable everything-you-need kits sold in chain stores), there's far worse out there!
For the quite reasonable price, this Cotman box is a great beginning for anyone new to watercolor. You wouldn't go wrong with this choice.
VERY RECOMMENDED"
"Showed up almost perfect. A little damage to the packaging, but could have been done in shipping. Cakes are all brand new.  Paintbrush included."
Great for sketch work.  Compact and it has all the colors needed for quick sketches.  The little brush is perfect.
"When combined with&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/W-N-s-postcard-pads/dp/B001MB7DQ0/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">W&N's postcard pads</a>, this offers an unbeatable combination of portability and versatility - if you have largish pockets, the whole ensemble (not counting water bottle) is truly pocket-sized. Although it comes with its own choice of solid watercolors, you can easily replace whatever you want (like the Chinese white) with other colors that suit your favored palette better.

Accept its limitations - solid watercolors seldom if ever give the density of tube paints, and the one, small brush might not do every job an experienced painter wants done. But, backpackers please note: when small size and weight take precedence over most other criteria, this gives exceptional service.

-- wiredweird"
Great little palette. I replaced the Cotman paints with Artists watercolors. I carry it with me all the time so I can do sketches anytime I want.
"Used this product to start watercolor painting as a hobby in my Moleskine Watercolor Notebook, and I loved how it turned out. It's definitely better than those 99 cent water color sets you get at the kids section at any store and it's a really great starter kit if you want something more than that. It comes with basic instuctions on how to do a color wash and the brush is small but it's been fun working with it, if you consider how much a normal sized Winsor & Newton brush goes for. Keep in mind that it is on the smaller side, so if you're wanting to paint a mural, you might want to consider a bigger kit, although a little water will make the colors go a long way. Which brings me to the quality, very very excellent, if I do say so from an amateur standpoint. I did research before buying this so compared to other professional watercolor products, the quality was just what I expected, which was awesome!"
"I've had this kits (looks pretty much the same but all light grey rather than black) since the late 1980s! I call it my ""James Bond"" watercolor kit. It all folds into something the size of a rather thick cell phone, and fits very nicely packed away with a moleskin watercolor book or postcard sized watercolor block.  Mine has a finger ring on bottom for holding steady one handed if you don't have table.  Love this thing and well worth the price since it is pretty sturdy and has gone with me all over the world in the last 25 years! The brush is nice, but tiny so if you use this kit for larger paintings, pack along a larger brush."
"Fits in my pocket. Travels light. Good quality paints. Sturdy little brush. I'll probably get the larger size next time, the one with the water bottle included."
nice sample size. good colors. Still learning to paint and needed some where to start. inexpensive and good quality for the price.
"I really like the size of this set, I wanted something that carried a lot of colors and was super small. The container locks really well and the paint is good. Tiny with so many uses...."
"Very compact little kit, haven't tried it out in the outdoors yet.  Must say I wasn't informed as to what a ""half-pan"" is so was surprised to find they are dime sized little squares.  The set is accurately described in the description."
"Ingeniously compact and light; brush has very good resiliancy and point, provides everything needed for field watercolors: colors, water storage and pot (which attaches to prevent spills), palettes and brush. That's all you need except paper, and for some a pencil."
"I am very much a beginner with watercolor, but I wanted something portable and with quality paints. This fits the bill perfectly."
This is a really nice and convenient box.  I can take it anywhere and still have everything I really need. Fits in even the smallest bag and the paints seem great quality to me.
"Small and compact and the brush is excellent for fine detail.
I love the Cotman range but will be also getting the Artist's set as well.
Fits in the smallest bag and a great price too."
The kit is fine.  Has turned out to be one of my major joys.  Is very compact and easy to travel with.
"This set is spectacular all around.  Winsor&Newton Cotmans are an excellent choice for beginners, and this set provides an okay palette to start.  Several issues (minor, wouldn't influence my decision to buy) include the fact that the pans do not stay held down-something that causes a lot of headache on the move.  Even with heavy use and breaking in, two of my pans refuse to stick, a good tip might be to use a little waterproof tape (not glue) to hold them down.  The only other main issue is that the hinged area behind the mixing wells can get flooded by washes and will spill out all over whatever surface the set is on when you try to close the lid.  I haven't found any solution to this besides placing a paper towel underneath when I'm cleaning up.

The travel ""brush"" that comes with the set is absolute trash.  I have replaced mine with a small flat with a sawed down handle.

The mixing wells are adequate for basic sketching, but I keep a palette with me as well so I don't run out of space for different washes."
"It doesn't close properly, so it often springs open and the paints fall out.  It would be great if the clasp worked."
The decimal has been put in the wrong place of the list price - this product should not have a list price of almost two thousand dollars.  Then there is no listing of the colors that come in the package.  Since it is noted that the price is low because cheaper pigments have replaced more expensive ones it is necessary to know what you are getting.  The product may be great but the marketing isn't.
"I take this everywhere I go, the quality is very good for sketching and painting, they are not the professional grade but these do the trick. It comes  with a little metal brush inside, which I'm not particularly fond of, but when in a pinch, it works.
I have abused these and they are still whole!
Something I dislike is that the pans keep falling out but this is part of the design and something necessary if you want to replace the color pans, which are sold separately.
You can make your own palletes and take them on a go!
LOVE them"
This is the pocket watercolor set I always carry with me for painting in my Moleskine notebooks with my Niji waterbrushes.
"This little box contains all the essentials and is produced by a company I trust for quality paint. With the small mixing palettes, water bottle, travel brush, and sponges included, all I need to add is a larger brush and paper. It's convenient to carry and easy to open. All I could suggest would be to include a lightly larger brush in addition to the small one provided."
"This is a cute compact traveling watercolor set, with quality Windsor Newton paints, which have vibrant pigments. It has 14 removable half wells with the basic colors. When used up they can be replaced or the half wells are fine for adding tube watercolor to. The bottom pulls out for another mixing area and it has a VERY small well for dipping in clean water which removes and attaches to the side of the mixing area, leaving a hole to place thumb through for ease of holding. I really can't wait to use it in the field. At that point I will update my review! Oh, also I bought this through Amazon because it saved me a few dollars from store prices."
"This item shipped from the UK to the US, and it took less than three weeks from order (3/2/2013) to delivery (3/21/2013). Very satisfied with shipping time. My only complaint about the product is that Cobalt Blue was missing and there was another Intense Blue (Phthalo Blue) instead, making for two pans of Phthalo Blue in the set. You'd think for $52 plus $7.49 shipping for a total of $59.49, you'd get your Cobalt Blue, thus resulting in a four star rating instead of a five star rating. Other than that, fairly satisfied.
One other thing. Why is this classified as a toy? I know these Winsor & Newton Cotman Watercolours are considered student grade, but I wouldn't classify them as a toy. I would not dream of buying my child a $60 set of watercolours just to play around with. That's what a 24 pan of Crayola watercolors at less than $4 are for:&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Winsor-Newton-Cotman-Water-Colour/dp/B001S02DGA/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Washable Watercolors 24ct Pan w/brush by Crayola</a>"
"This is a great product at a great price.  I plan on taking this with me on trips at home and abroad for instant access to watercolor sketching.  Its compact size makes packing it in carry-on luggage a snap.  I would pad it well with clothing around it to protect it.  My only caveat is that unless you limit yourself to a very small sketchbook, you may wish to bring along an additional travel brush in a larger size, perhaps a 4, 6 or 8, because the tiny W&N sceptre brush that comes with the Field Box would not work well for larger watercolor washes like skies.  The Field Box comes with an excellent selection of 12 colors in half pans, including warm and cool primaries, greens, earth tones, and chinese white for opaque corrections.  This is a perfect kit for on-the-run sketching to capture impressions of your trip . . . you will love it!"
"the watercolor field box its great, i reccomend it very much, the selection of colors is great and i perfect to travel with it."
"These very good student grade watercolors, and they have surprisingly deep pans for how small a surface they take up. The entire box is extremely portable, and easily fits into a pocket or a purse. The only negative that I've experienced is that the brush is not good at holding water, and even using a very small 3x5 90 lb pad, putting down enough water for a smooth line was difficult. Carrying separate brushes is highly recommended."
"I don't think I would call it a ""pocket"" set, it's a little large for all but the largest pocket on a jacket - measures roughly 4"" x 5.5"" x 1.5"" when it's closed. It does fit neatly into just about any purse, fanny pack or tote bad and since it has a nice water bottle included, all you need is paper and maybe a pencil and you're ready to go. Lots of space for mixing colors and 12 half pans is a lot of colors, even for a beginner like me. Truth be told though, I popped the Cotman paints out of the half pans (very easy to do) and added my own color selection from my tube paints, so I can't comment on the paints themselves. The pans snap in and out easily but they're plenty secure while their in the kit. Having the water on board is a great feature and it's ingenious how the water bottle and cups all snap together and become the hinge of the entire kit. I was concerned that the water bottle would leak, but it didn't. The brush is a #5 round, quite servicable and the protective tube around the bristles also acts as a handle extender. Make sure the brush is dry and that you're really careful of the bristles if you put it back on. There is space for another brush, but I can't find anywhere that sells a replacement brush or similar brushes in another size. I guess I'll have to make my own!"
I decided to try capturing some favorite travel spots while on the road. I love this set! Everything I need is in one convenient place. It's small enough to fit in my purse. The quality of the pigment is better than expected. I'm pleased.
"Although I haven't been watercoloring long, I enjoy this set very much. Because we travel a great deal, I needed something compact. A basket of tubes was out of the question for me. This set is compact enough to meet these needs and allow me to learn this fun hobby."
"The great thing about this set is that if you don't want to use the Cotman colors, you can replace the pans with any half pan (W&N Artist Colors for instance) or fill the pans with your own paint. And I love the travel brush that comes with it - it's almost worth the price just for the brush."
"Windsor and Newton make some of the best paints out there. I got this kit to travel with and it works great. It has a lot of colors and room to do some mixing. It closes very tightly, which is good, I suppose, but is a little hard to open. Overall, I'm very happy with it."
"I first bought this particular portable watercolor set in 1988. It has traveled with me around the world multiple times from Norway to Nunavut to the most remote parts of Afghanistan. It has held up ever since and I have only replaced the brush once. It's great for a quick sketch/fill in and helps provide the additional details that come with the simplicity of watercolor: knowing what to leave out as much as what to put in. The case has remained in tact in spite of luggage abuse and other adventures. Mini pans are easy to swap out and even allow me to see how my preferences changed over the years.

The reason I bought another set was pure consumerism. It was at a great sale price and I wanted to see what the original colors were that I started with nearly 25 years ago. It was good to see that they hit on a design that more than worked... it was just about everything a traveling sketcher needs and it takes up minimal space so there is no thought about whether or not to pack it... and kept it. I also own the Cotman Field Box (http://www.amazon.com/Winsor-Newton-Cotman-Watercolor-Field/dp/B000N9B3WM/) although mine is light gray rather than black, and find I switch between the two regularly, but the larger size of the Field box means I have to think about whether I really want to pack it every time."
"brush is super neat, colors vibrant and the whole darn thing fits in a pocket. great gift idea for the artists in the family"
I have gone on day hikes taking this and a small watercolor pad and small bottle of water.  All of that makes a very small package with very little weight.  The colors have really good pigment and with hard watercolors you can take them on planes without the hassle of passing through security with tubes of paint.  I'm very happy I bought this.
I have had one of these for many years and use it everyday. I like the actual box--I eventually poured my own paint in it from tubes of watercolors and just continue to use it.  I ordered two more for my kids because I liked the design and it holds a nice amount of colors in a relatively small size. Great for portability.  I'll buy another if mine ever wears out!
AMAZING!!! GREAT FOR ANYONE WHO IS GETTING STARTED WITH WATERCOLORING. IT COMES IN SMALL SETS SO IT REALLY HELPS BLEND THE COLORS
"If you like to take your watercolor painting outdoors, Amazon offers up this wonderful little kit from the best in the watercolor industry to date; Winsor & Newton Cotman is just that. With two separate cups to put your water in from the enclosed water bottle, you have your clean & dirty water source so your colors stay true. It has plenty of space to mix your colors on for blending. I just pack it up with my watercolor block paper & I'm off for a leisurely day of watercolor fun! The colors are bright & true as well!"
"Really nice field kit, once you figure out how to get the water bottle out. Easy to carry and fun to use.
Would be a nice gift for the watercolorist."
"The original price cannot possibly be correct.  I think someone misplaced the decimal.  A more reasonable price would be about twenty dollars, not two thousand."
"This little kit is about the size of a cell phone and is very easy to use as a travel palette.  The paints are good and can be replaced by artist-grade paints of the same or other colors (purchased separately), if desired.

I agree with the reviewer who wrote that one might not want any fewer colors in the kit to work with, but this product works really well as a travel palette.  It also has a reasonable amount of mixing area, especially considering the size of the product.  I use a waterbrush with this kit instead of the delivered brush (which is too tiny to be practical for my needs).

A worthwhile purchase."
"Very helpfull for my work, good quality and price. I recommend the seller and in my next buy I will look for him.
The colors are great and in my next purchase I will look for a bigger set."
"I really like using this set and the colors are really top notch.  The set is small and can fit in your pocket.  I agree, it is not a child's toy at all."
"I bought this kit for myself and I love it!  The paints in this kit are all Cotman series 1 AA paints, but even with that said, the kit is a great price for beginners and intermediate users of water color.  You may even consider purchasing this just for the paint itself, as a starter kit.  Or, if you are an intermediate painter with other water color paint tubes, (assuming you won't use the removable mixing palette) you can remove the mixing palette and store some paint tubes in there. This kit basically gives you everything you need to start water color painting (excluding water and paint)!

There are eight mixing holes built into the container itself (about 2.5 inches and 1 1/3 inches), and another mixing palette becomes available by popping it out of the container.  The built in mixing container was not too useful for me because I move around a lot while painting, but the removable mixing palette was very nice.  I received a Cotman brush which was decent quality and good for a beginner.  The paints are locked in place via a snug/snap style housing, so you don't have to worry about paint tube rolling all over the place

The paint was very smooth and the colors were concentrated and vibrant.

I must mention is that the container is slightly awkward to open.  It says ""Press Here to Open"", and as soon as you do that it opens up easily, but it has such an awkward feel to the way it opens.  While I have not damaged my container yet, the plastic does feel weak and I worry about what may happen if I drop it from the table.

So to recap:

Pros:
1. Excellent price!
2. Great selection of paint colors (12).
3. Awesome for beginners and comes with everything to start.
4. Paint quality is very good.

Cons:
1. Plastic kit container.
2. Awkward feel when opening."
"After the loan of my first box to my wife became permanent, I just had to get another for myself. It's the neatest way to have a painting box with you as you travel. It folds down to nothing, has paint mixing surfaces, a small water bucket and even a small jug of water."
"I purchased the Winsor & Newton Pocket box set in order to add color to my ""on location"" sketches. The product works perfectly. I am new to the urban sketcher movement and bought this on the recommendation of good websites... I have not been disappointed. The color is good quality for the price and the size can not be beat. This is a true ""pocket"" box set and fits very well in a small pencil bag with my pens and pencils... very easily transported. Throw in a waterbrush and you don't even need extra containers.

If you are looking for a studio set of watercolors, or to do large scale paintings, this is not the set for you. However, that should be self evident from the product description. After much research, I have not found a better travel watercolor set for the price and highly recommend this for new watercolorists, anyone wanting to paint on the go or a great present for an artist."
"I bought this little watercolor set when I was going to go on a study abroad trip and a small watercolor set was a recommendation.  I decided to buy this one because it had several trays that could expand the set, it had a little thumb holder so you didn't have to balance the set on your knee or anything, and it had 12 colors - 6 felt like too many and anything with more than 12 colors felt enormous and I wouldn't want to pack it around.

This set did me well and I still use it at home for my watercolors.

The only reason I give it four stars and not five is that I've found that while the thumb loop (the blue, rubbery part of the case when you look at it from the outside) is handy and a great idea, it's only really useful if you hold your hand like you would if you were holding a glass palette (palm up, thumb across palm) while I really wanted to hold the set on my thumb while I gripped the side of my sketch book for stability.  While it worked when I used the set this way, it did cause the palette to tilt a lot and it doesn't lay flat in that configuration so I ketp accidentally spilling the washed out of the mixing pans.

I also never used the expandable trays when I was working in the field.  They ended up being somewhat cumbersome with the way I worked, but at home it's great to have the removable trays to work from."
This is going in a pocket of my fly fishing vest. It fits perfectly and when the fish aren't biting I'll have my paints!
"el material llego en buen estado, dentro del periodo de tiempo estimado y completo .Las acuarelas son exelentes para trabajar en cualquier citio y las mezclas se pueden hacer dentro del mismo estuche."
"Perfect to carry in your pocket or purse, for any settings, as it has its own water carrier and holder plus small paint brush."
"I ordered the Winsor and Newton Cotman Watercolor Field Box not only because I am a plein air painter, and this is so conveniently sized for carrying to outdoor locations, but also because I travel often by air and can pack the dry watercolor ""pans"" right in my carry on bag, where liquids and gels (or watercolor tube paints) are acceptable only in very limited amounts. The completeness of the set is so fantastic, too, with it's water storage containers, mixing trays and even the little brush. They have remembered to include everything, so I don't need to!"
"Nice size for travel. Colors are true, but Payne's grey or black are not included in the set. If I drop the set again and have to pick up all the little half pans one more time I'm going to glue the tiles in."
"I was amazed at the quality of this.product. I am a big fan of Winsor and Newton products (I've used Winton oils). When I purchased this I knew I'd like it, but it exceeded my expectations in a huge way. It is actually built super tough and the little brush holds its shape allowing fine detail work. I was amazed that this little brush was this good. These are the first Cotman watercolours that I have used and I am very happy with them they are vibrant and easy to pick up from the pans. This box is easy to replace empty pans. Just slide out the pans and add new ones. W&N Artist Watercolors are even better than the Colman and I have replaced the Colman with my regular palet in Artist Watercolors.

This box is very nice, and is not much bigger than a chalk board eraser. I use it constantly. It is easy to use and amazingly simple to clean up. I use it for sketches, but also for finished paintings - I like small paintings in big frames.

This box is made in England and has the W&N logo in silver on top. It is an amazing product and it is perfect for my work. I can't believe that it was even better than I expected."
"I ordered this field box because I wanted an easily portable/self contained watercolor set of good (if not great) paints. W&N Cotman are some of the better ""student grade"" paints and this field box is perfect if you are looking for the same. The box will hold up to fourteen half pans if needed. My only complaint is: the brush that comes with the set is not so great. I use the set mainly to do life drawing sketches and like to use broad strokes, so this really small brush doesn't do the trick and I have to carry a larger brush. Other than that, this is a great little set."
"I've owned this kit since the mid 80's and consider it to be one of the jewels of my art supplies.  Height and width, it's about the size of a cell phone and twice as thick so it's not really a comfortable pocket kit but it easily fits in a computer bag, back pack, suit case, purse, glove box, etc.  At the time I bought it the cost was about $45 which I thought was expensive but I've never regretted it.

The engineering of it has always amazed me, it's just so well crafted with a water flask that becomes one of 3 mixing palettes, 12 cubes of high quality paint, sable brush, dabbing sea sponge, and a water cup.  Mine has a thumb loop on the bottom.  The case on mine is computer grey but from the photo it doesn't look like they've altered the design at all and they shouldn't.  This is really designed for the ages and dare I say it's perfect.

I plan on giving it to my daughter for her art studies.  She travels a lot for modeling so this should be ideal.  I've been dragging this kit around since the mid 80's and shows little sign of wear.  If you travel, hike or bike it's awesome and great gift for the artist.  If you're wondering if it's going to last, after 30 years mine looks as good as the day I bought it."
"I'm primarily writing this review to say that my set actually came with a white, rather than a black, which the other customers were complaining about. So either Winsor & Newton came to the correct conclusion on their own and rectified their mistake, or the seller I received my set from had a different variation, though everything else matches the listing. (for reference, I bought from Hyatt's)

That said, I found the packaging/size/amount of product to be perfect - they each come separately wrapped in their own detachable bins within the palette, making swapping colors and cleaning easy, and each individual plastic bin has the corresponding color printed on the side, in case you forget what color it contained originally. The posted measurements are accurate; double check them to make sure that's what you want before you buy it. The tiny blocks of are about the size of a single lego, which is actually plenty. The tiny brush is actually a two-part, with an long cap that forms the rest of the brush handle. I'm not sure why they bothered, because the assembled brush still fits in the slot. I suppose it protects the brush to some degree?

All things said, if I were to lose my set, I would buy it again. In fact, I am extremely tempted to buy another one now, just because it's adorable, particularly if you have an odd love for miniatures. In fact, you may find yourself tempted to take up miniature painting now that you have a miniature paint set."
Ideal for carrying in your pocket and paint in the park. The brush is great and the box is very handy. I like it.
"Beautiful colors, exactly what I expected. Since the colors weren't listed in the product description I thought this might be helpful...

Alizarin Crimson, Cadmium Red Pale Hue, Cadmium Yellow Hue, Hooker's Green Dark, Ultramarine Blue, Burnt Sienna, Burnt Umber, Yellow Ochre, Ivory Black, and Chinese White"
"I've been using this set for a couple of years now, and i hope it lasts forever.  it is the perfect size, every element works well, including the water cup.  i carry brushes seperately, so rarely use the given brush, but the quality of the brush is excellent.  the paints are as good as my studio paints.  if you are looking for a compact paint kit, you can't beat this."
"I've had this kit since the '80s and it's simply perfect.  It has everything you need for capturing that scene when on a beach or mountain vacation.  Love the little telescoping brush and that the colors are replaceable.  Just add a pad of ""postcard"" watercolor paper and your set is complete!"
"Excellent set.  Great service.  Recommended by SUsie Orman in oprah mag in december.
Excllent gift.  Good for all ages...not just kids."
"I would not call this a toy, except in the sense that it is a very small water colour paint set, handy to carry with you."
I gave this to my wife for Christmas. She loved this watercolor paint set. She can't wait to go somewhere and start painting.
A friend of mine loves to paint so I always get her art supplies for Christmas and birthday presents.  These are excellent for when she wants to work with water colors.  The box comes with a good assortment of colors.  Great for on the go too!
"These watercolors are amazing!  Excellent pigment, bold colors, you actually use very little on a variety of paper types.  Come in different sizes so that you can take them with you or stay at home. Pricing was on sale so feel it was an excellent value.  Yes, they are more expensive than some other watercolor paints but WELL WORTH IT!"
"Back in the days when I was a student I used to make my own travelling kits with tin cans of altoids or pill cases hoping that one day someone will put a compact watercolor set together. Well, Winsor & Newton did it with this field box. I use it mainly for quick sketching and making mental notes of what later will become final pieces. I like the small trays for mixing. The cover serves as a water container and the water bottle holds enough liquid for refelling my water brush pen when needed. I hardly use the brush that comes with it, but it is nice to have it handy as a backup. My only complain is that the unfolding trays can fall apart if you are not careful. Other than that, highly recommended."
"Closed, this set measures 5""x2.5""x. 75"", yet it manages to squeeze in 12 half pans of good, student-grade watercolors, 3 modest wells, and a decent quality #3 brush. My only gripes are the inclusion of Chinese White and the tiny carrying capacity of the brush. I don't care for either, but both are easily replaced; Paynes Gray and a #4 work better for me."
"I just got this set recently and only tried it last week and I was surprised at the vibrancy of the ""student quality"" paints.

I only gave it 3 stars because I got a faulty box (it doesn't close properly -- W&N got a bad batch from the manufacturer, and have promised a replacement), plus the ""cobalt blue hue"" is too similar to the other blue and I had to buy a different blue shade to use instead.

Otherwise, it's a handy-dandy little set with lots of mixing space and those little cups will save your life when there's no place to put your water container."
"This is a neat kit. I did replace one of the half pans with
Black. I love using this kit and take it on the road frequently."
"I was going off to Art School and didn't have a lot to spend. So of course I needed to find a Water Color set that was affordable, but had and could hold up to the the same quality as the expensive ones.

I came across the Winsor & Newton Cotman Series. I have been a big fan of Winsor & Newton brand since they tend to stand for High Quality products and I have never been disappointed from any of their products I own. These colors are Awesome! They are affordable (the packs and when you buy them individually) and have the same High Quality Standards as their more expensive lines. They hold up great, some of the tubes I've had for years and haven't lost their color or texture.

P.S
This item is also listed as a children's toy which I would serious disagree with. They're more for professional artist and people who been painting and know about mixing colors, etc...

If your child is just learning how to use watercolors, learning about art, fine artist potential and I used these when I was in Middle School (which I got into my middles school for art, I went to a magnet school); I would recommend Crayola Artista II Semi-Moist Watercolors - Semi-Moist Watercolors (which I have written a review for)."
"I have one of these handy little boxes for traveling....When a color ""runs"" out I just take from my tubes and put it in the pan. You can customnize your own palette that way!  ;-)"
"This is the perfect watercolor box for artists who like to take their art out of the same old room.  Everything packs inside nicely and when opened it all pops into place so you can have your paints, water, and sponges all in one convenient spot.  It's a wonderful gift too!"
These watercolor paints are great!  The case is good for taking your art on the road or just storing in a convenient location.  I got this for my nephew who's gotten interested in painting and he loves it.  Nice variety of colors and the paints are good quality.
"I love these watercolor paints because they last forever, they're easy to carry anywhere, and the colors are just beautiful.
I have been painting for years and I still use these paints. Next will be a set for my son who is learning watercolor."
"This set is around the size of an iPhone, I knew this before I purchased because I saw it in the store, at a higher cost.  I wish this set had a black, insted of white-- which is practically useless.  Another reviewer mentioned this was an easy fix, filling the place for the white with black from a tube.  Beautiful paints, with an expensive, waxy texture that makes for high pigmentation, aside from the white/black issue, these are 10/10.  Even so, I love it."
"I am a beginner with watercolors and got this set for my first class.  Like a previous comment mentioned, it has the perfect mix of colors apart from the white.  It's really easy to replace a color though, the little brick of dry paint lifts out of the pan.  I replaced it with cerulean blue from a tube.

The paints are pretty nice, and an upgrade from the cheaper pan paints I'd used up 'til then.  I could see a noticeable difference, and it was a much less expensive option than starting out with all tube paints.

The brush it comes with is quite nice, but on the small side, so I also picked up an Isabey 6202 squirrel brush."
I could not believe how small it was. It was miniscule! Not just small. They should have put the dimensions in the description.
"I bought this little pocket sized watercolor set to use for casual sketching out of doors and doing quick color studies. It's small and compact. I recommend using a Pentel Arts Aquash Water Brush for convenience.

The colors are bright if you add enough water.

A great, little beginner set at a reasonable price. It would make a lovely present for a young artist."
I was surprised at the functionality and quality of this set. It is small but so useful on my trips to the beach. I am an amateur water-colorist and never used pans before. I found the colors very vivid. The set is well worth the money and I am glad I purchased it.
"This little self-contained unit can carry just as many pans as my old paint set (after making a minor modification) plus has its own built-in water supply, an improved brush and a small sponge. On top of this it is both more compact and seems much sturdier (I was always afraid of breaking the old one). If you're going to be painting on the go this is almost certainly the set for you."
"I have been gradually learning how to do watercolors using this set. It IS a good set, but while it includes white it does not include black, which for the type of work I do limited my art. The set seems to be well-made for household use but traveling with it has given me concerns. Although I have never broken it the thin plastic has given me pause and I have had to take extra steps to get it to the final destination intact. It has space for perhaps two more brushes but does not include them nor have I found any which will fit. It seems to also have a lot of wasted space which could have been dedicated to more half-pans.

Good as a home set, not so good as a travel set."
"Compact little watercolor set, with a limited range of colors which enables you to focus on making a quick little painting as you move about. Nice way to work on your technique as you roam the world or just your own backyard. A 4 X 6 pad and a little water bottle and you're set. Mine will go with me on motorcycle trips and vacations."
"I am quite surprized by the size, yet pleasantly pleased... the colors are unique for landscapes which I intend to use this pocket box for... thank you!"
"I purchased this watercolor set recently and I really love it. The one thing that has me blown away is the thumb holes on either side of the set. The pans are a bit small and I would recommend using a slightly larger brush in a separate case but other than that, this is perfect for field studies."
"This little set thought of just about everything, including extended mixing areas and a sufficient water supply!

I prefer full pans and normally use artist-quality paints, but lots of people work just fine with half pans like these, and Cotman paints ARE pretty good quality.  It's such an ingenious arrangement I'll probably just replace the paints with the colors I prefer and use it as is!"
The perfect travel size watercolor set.  Great product and price.
A petite treasure with good clear color and average texture.
perfect! just what i hoped. art on the go
"I love the size,great color.
I should have order the one with a water pen, but I will just pack one."
These are so much easier to use than watercolor pans. They are heavier pigmented which makes layering color easier.
"Palette was smaller than I thought, which makes really getting color on the brush a little harder."
Always good paint. The plastic container is handy for outdoor work.
"Handy, basic colors, light weight, neat brush included. Great colors ( intermediate) and very bright."
I love this watercolor. Really enjoying painting with it
"Nice, tiny set, but doesn't have black or gray. Mixing your own grays with this tiny kit and palette is not practical.  Just too tiny for my needs.  I guess if you are traveling by plane it would be ok size wise, but still need a gray or black."
