"I was skeptical about Ring Snuggies after reading all the negative reviews, but I ordered it anyway - and was very pleasantly surprised. These Snuggies work great! They are easy to apply when the ring is either on or off your finger. With the different sizes in the package, I was easily able to find a perfect fit for my two very different rings. If you use the correct size for your ring (very important), they stay in place and will never fall off. They are virtually unnoticeable and perfectly comfortable.

I have arthritis in my hands and enlarged knuckles. Also, since my fingers are sometimes swollen as well, the rings fit better on some days than on others. Therefore, resizing is obviously not an option for me. Being able to apply and remove the Snuggies as needed is a very convenient option for me - and one that permanent resizing would eliminate.

An argument could be made that the Snuggies are too expensive for what you're getting - a few pieces of plastic tubing. But the last time I had a gold ring resized at the jeweler's, it cost me over $30, so being able to resize two rings for less than $10 definitely makes this an affordable alternative. Bottom line - Ring Snuggies are absolutely worth trying."
"My rings are loose on me and can slide off.  I got these hoping to take up enough space so that I wouldn't fear losing my rings.  I was disappointed for a couple of reasons.  First of all, they are rigid and not curved along the ring line at all.  For me, it made it a little difficult to get over the rings.  Second, they will take up a couple of sizes.  My rings are loose, but not huge.  These would be appropriate for a ring that fits way too large, and then I just feel like it would be very uncomfortable all around.  Also, if your ring has any thinckness to it, these might not fit over your ring.  They are a good idea and may work for some people, but I found them too think and uncomfortable, also making my loose rings too small."
"Comfortable when on my ring on my finger. These are made to be cut shorter if necessary, which is a good thing. I took my ring off to put the snuggie on and it stayed on when I replaced the ring. I also tried putting the snuggie on with the ring on my finger and that worked, too. If you warm up the snuggie with your hand it will be a bit more pliable to help place it on the ring. Just what I was looking for!"
"I do end up using one of the ring snuggies that I ordered, but it isn't quite as nice as I was hoping it would be.  (1) The PVC is pretty stiff, so it took some practice before I was able to get the ring snuggie onto the ring.  (2) The description says that the ring snuggie ""can be applied AFTER the ring is on the finger.""  In my case, the ring snuggie can ONLY be applied after the ring is on the finger because the PVC is so thick.  (3) Even with the ""variety of shapes and sizes"", I still had to cut one of the ring snuggies in half to get one that was appropriate size for my ring.  (4) Ring snuggies look like small cylinders made of PVC.  When the description says ""a variety of shapes and sizes"", it means that the hole down the middle of the cylinder comes in a variety of different sizes.  The cylinder wall is the same thickness for all of the snuggies in the package.  I would like them better if some of the cylinders had thinner PVC walls.  Other than those aspects, the ring snuggies are just what they advertise to be.  The package arrived on time.  The ring snuggie keeps my ring in place.  The price was good."
Too stiff to get around my ring. Not good for rings that are just a hair too large.
Bulky and made my finger hurt. I couldn't use it at all.
This item rolls around the bottom and sides of the ring and bugs the heck out of me.  Not the greatest accomplishment guys.  Everything else has got to be better than this!
These do not work. Had to toss.
Fits to chunky.  Not impressed
Work fine to keep ring in place
They are a bit to bulky.  I did receive the product fast and it was as described
Works great and handles my fingers when they swell.
Works
"They were a waste of the money, maybe good for a man's ring but not for a delicate ladies ring, too bulky."
"I'm a guy so it works for my hand. It is a tad bulky on the bottom, but it keeps my ring on when I do wear it."
"Great, my ring fits perfect!!"
"These did not work for me. The plastic was very hard and uncomfortable and kept scratching my hands when washing. As an RN, that was a LOT of irritation! I have ordered a similar item sold by Amazon that seems to rest entirely inside the band....hoping for a better result."
love it worked well
They work but not as good as I had hoped. They turn and sometimes pop off.
Cheap junk
Uncomfortable
These would be great if they stayed on the ring but they fall off easily.
"These did not work at all. They were awkward and uncomfortable. Definitely not what I was hoping for. Unfortunately now that the package is open, I'm stuck with them."
Didnt work at all. We needed to buy new things to make them actually fit.
Perfect and just what I wanted!!
Works as said they would.
"I was so excited to find these on Amazon.....however, after trying them out they are a big disappointment.  They have to be stretched a little to fit over different ring widths and sadly they remain stretched out and constantly fell off each time it tried to use them.  Would give one star zero stars if I could.  Too bad they can't be returned :("
great
"This product does get the job done but I ended up not liking it very much. The material is comfortable but the way the product wraps around the ring causes it to protrude making me always aware of the snuggie when moving my fingers. Aesthetically the ring snuggie is not great, I actually had a few people ask me what was on my ring. And lastly, I leave my ring on 24/7 so soap and lotion would get stuck in the curves of the snuggie which personally drove me nuts."
Soooo uncomfortable!
These do not fit the natural curvature of fingers. They just fit straight across and they are uncomfortable to wear. My husband and I did not end up using them.
Only received one pack when I should of gotten two. These snuggies fall off as well
"Only work for a couple of hours - not something that can be worn longer than that. Tend to fall off, especially if you wash your hands."
These were great until they made my wife finger breakout....
I didn't like the ring snuggies.  Wouldn't fit my ring.
does the trick
It fell off on first hand wash. Not worth the money.
"didn't like these, uncomfortable and slipped around"
"The band has to be really narrow for them to fit--otherwise they come off all the time. Since they did not close all the way around the band--they fell off all the time. Not the most comfortable either. Also the Snuggie does not stay in place--it moves from under the finger to the sides all the time as well, and constantly needed adjustment. They were more of a nuisance than a help."
Does the job but is really uncomfortable. I prefer to use a twist tie.
"These are great at first but silicon material could be softer so they would be less bulky on the finger. However, with time they pop off and get lost."
the item is thick and not comfortable on my hand. I tried to smooth it out but and I cut it shorter and still doesn't work.  The bigger sizes hold two rings since some are flat on the bottom but the edges are so rough. I am still looking for something better than this.  Also the assorted sizes means you get only one or two in the whole package that might fit your ring. I would not order this again.
They do not work well and pinch the skin on your finger.
These ring snuggies are completely useless! They roll & pop off and pinch the inside of my finger... ouch!
"Bulky, pinchy and uncomfortable. Would not purchase again. Also packaging looked like it was sitting in the warehouse for years!"
Doesn't work.  Won't stay in place.  Tried every size provided.  No returns accepted.
The snuggies worked for a short period of time - then fell off the rings and were lost forever.  Would NOT recommend!
"I love the ring snuggies because not only was I able to use it for my new wedding ring, but also for the ring I ordered for my husband."
"These were industrial sized snuggles, your ring would have to be 5 sizes too big to be necessary. Not at all useful when trying to keep an engagement ring snug in the winter."
Made by wedding ring easier to wear. Thank you!!!
They all fell off within a month. Would not buy again.
Dont trust these.  Was disappointed with the way they felt. They turned and moved a lot even though I used the smallest one. I wore my ring out to dinner and the Snuggie feel off the ring entirely and I have no idea where or when until my ring started falling off my finger.  Not good
difficult to keep on the ring
I just want these things to do their job better. They were cheap and worked about how I expected them to.
Works exactly as it should so it gets 5 stars. I almost lost my wedding ring the other day because it flew off my finger while I was putting my coat on in a restaurant. Ordered these right away. Ring fits snug now and I personally cant feel it. It just feel like Im wearing my ring. Not uncomfortable at all. I also have a wide band and no problems fitting it on.
Id like to return these.  They are very uncomfortable.
These are so thick and hard. They didn't work for me at all. It felt horrible behind my finger
These are ok as a very temporary fix. They were just a little too bulky for my liking. But they did the job.
These sort of work but are very uncomfortable
Too tight and uncomfortable
Works better than Ringo.
"These are a must have for anyone who has rings , both thin bands or wider bands , we all have a ring or 2 that like to roll , simply put these on and waaalaaa it stays put , various sizes n shapes . Arrived quickly."
They work
Very uncomfortable to wear
They keep my rings snug on my fingers. Ya gotta lov that!!!!!!!
Way too hard to use on your hand.  I couldn't even wash my hands with them on because it would scratch my other hand all up.  I was looking for something softer (like a gel type consistency?) but apparently there isn't anything like that. Went to Claire's to find some and they had the same ones for sale.
Worse product ever!  Snuggies might work if you don't use your hands.  I was cooking dinner chopping veggies and it popped off.  Lucky I found it and we did not eat plastic with our dinner.
They are too rigid and uncomfortable.
"The concept is good but the snuggies are so uncomfortable that I cannot use them. They cut into my finger and make the ring unwearable.
Don't buy these!"
They twist and turn constantly. Very uncomfortable. Would never waste my money again.
Wish they would make packs that all had the same size not a bunch of different sizes. Waste of money.
"Horrible product. Uncomfortable, does not serve it's purpose.  Super bad idea"
Dont waste your money
could not use them very uncomfortable.
"The material is very hard almost like a plastic, very bulky and uncomfortable to me. NO RETURNS on the item as well. Have faith in a product you sell and let the buyer decide if it is worth keeping. Thought this was going to be a soft material but it is not. This would even be a bad uncomfortable temporary fix untill a resize could be done. Can't return so the trash it will go."
"These are awful, pinch fingers, and are not returnable, even if they do not fit. They do not fit common width rings.  They are simply plastic tubing.  Make your own."
I only used the largest one for my Aggie ring. I have been using it for approximately 6 months now and it broke. You get the quality you pay for!
Love it
"they are ok. For me, I was trying to keep wedding band from twisting around while engagement stays in place. It seemed to keep twisting and then felt a bit uncomfortable. Just not the right thin g for me but others I know love them!"
Most cost effective way to size a ring. I like the fact that I can easily remove it if my fingers swell. Simple idea but definitely works!
"These ring sizers are horrible!  They're all the same thickness.  Therefore, you have to have an Enormous ring in order for one of them to fit properly. This is a ridiculously poorly designed product and YOU CAN'T RETURN THEM.  Other brands are better.  Zero stars do not buy this."
Didn't fit.
Husband loves his!
These are too fat to actually use.
awful
junk. stay away
"Really uncomfortable.
Looks bad too."
I have had 2 come off. It collect stuff in the middle since it is plastic. Not really what I really wanted but worked in pinch.
Did help with my ring spinning on my finger but kept coming off so not super impressed
A+
I wear two of these daily.
These fall off and do not stay. They are hard to put on.
Good for having a spare
Worthless to me
great for adjusting ring size
Was exactly what I needed to size a few rings I hadn't been able to wear.
The sizes that are altered are so hugely different. I would have preferred more altering the size small amounts.
"Great product, ring now fits perfectly."
"A little hard to get open, but work fine."
love it
Not as expected.  Slipped off rings very easily
Excellent
They don't work - they pop right off and roll around the entire time. Save yourself the money
disappointed that they don't fit quite right.
these work great for people with large nuckles
PERFECT now i won't loose my wedding ring again..
Falls off way too easily.
JUNK! I threw them away! It was so big and bulky and looked horrible on the ring. You could see it and it was not comfortable.
I little on the cheaper side but it works perfectly for my larger knuckles considering they can be put on after the ring is on!!
"They met my expectations
Thank you."
"If you're buying these to size a ring down,  you might be getting your moneys worth.  But, if like me,  you need them to hold your rings together to keep them from twisting all around,  forget it. Threw them away."
Junk. Do not work
Good for keeping ring snug but totally uncomfortable and will get caught on any and everything you grasp.  Waste of $
"too big and bulky. does work, but not comfortable"
Not useful.  Slip of the ring when you lift items.
Work well on all my rings due to the different sizes.
"I find these uncomfortable. I switched to using a spiral-shaped ring sizer which is extremely customizable to fit any size adjustment you need. The ring snuggies pinch and are bulky. I also find them stiffer and more difficult to put on and take off

I suggest these instead:&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Jebox-Ring-Size-Adjuster-For-Loose-Rings-for-Any-Rings-4-Sizes-With-Jewelry-Polishing-Cloth-Set-of-12/dp/B071YXVC6Z/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Jebox Ring Size Adjuster For Loose Rings for Any Rings, 4 Sizes With Jewelry Polishing Cloth, Set of 12</a>

They are less pinchy, easier to put on, and basically come with a lifetime supply!"
The ring snuggles kept falling off
Just little pieces of soft plastic. None fit my ring (male).
"I have a wide wedding band and this package only contains two of these that I can use. They work well at first but slip off after just a few weeks of use.  I started exercising, lost weight and now my ring is at risk for coming off. I can't complain, life is good."
These are for my oversized rings.
"They work just fine, but are pretty clunky."
I've shared these with friends and family.  They love them.
I love these ring Adjusters. They are comfortable. I will probably order more.
ok as temp fix but not as comfortable as i had hoped
Fit great and a great variety of different sizes!
These things work great.  I only wish you could order certain sizes rather than an assorted back.  The good thing about these versus other types is that you can put them on and take them off once the ring is on your finger.  These are very helpful for people who have to have a larger size ring to go over a large knuckle and then find the ring too loose once in place.  Slipping one of these on after the ring gets past your knuckle takes up that extra space and helps the ring fit the way you want it to.
"These are easy to apply and comfortable to wear on your ring when needed.
They will also stay there until you wish to remove them."
"These did NOT work well for me. I tried all different sizes. The problem was how they fit on the ring, to little, to big or wasn't the right shape so they kept coming off."
2nd try for a ring attachment to keep them from flying off my fingers out to dinner and using restaurant restrooms.  These work best and actually stay on and hidden from sight
I bought a package of Ring Snuggies at Walmart for $2.99 due to the fact that I own a tungsten wedding band that could not be resized. I used the largest size with some krazy glue to permanently hold it on the ring itself and so far I am impressed with how well my ring fits. My ring was a half size too big when I originally bought it cause the ring wasn't available in half sizes. My wife says she doesn't even notice the snuggie unless she actually looks at the inside of my ring finger. Good product that helps keeps rings in place and the worry out of them falling off your finger.
they're basically plastic straws that are cut up. VERY hard and uncomfortable.
Helps keep rings on but catches soap and lotions on the inside with daily use.
These items are wonderful - especially during the summer when fingers tend to swell somewhat on the hot days - makes more sense to use these temporarily rather than have an expensive ring sized up or down!!
"They are good but uncomfortable. I work in the medical field I wash my hands at work all day, it is uncomfortable since the water gets stuck in the snuggy. Also cuts my gloves open."
"Received the ""ring snuggies"" within an appropriate amount of time after ordering. Product was received as indicated and pictured.
Would recommend to friends and family!!
The only problem I've had with the ""ring snuggies"" is they tend to fall off even when I'm not touching it. I went through 4 of them; I've had the 5th one on for a few weeks however I noticed it recently started to fall off! Thankfully I found it on the floor so I was able to reuse it again.
There is only 1 more ""ring snuggie"" left in the package.
With the recent issues I've been having withbthe 5th one, I'm thinking my best choice will be to
actually have the ring resized instead of using the ring snuggie! It also takes some getting use to the feeling of using the ring snuggie.
I cannot afford to keep replacing the ring snuggies!!"
Does the job
"These would be great except they separate and come off the ring while it's on your finger. Good idea and very comfortable, but I won't purchase these again."
"The selection was great for different ring types. The one I was able to use fit around the ring fine, but it was so huge it was awkward. Somehow it fell off and was gone within the first twelve hours of wearing it. Disappointing. Probably going to have to spend the money to get the ring resized."
great
Ring guards fall off too easily.
Placed one on my rings and it seemed fine.  Woke up the next morning and rings twisted around and snuggie only on one ring (I had put it over 2 very thin bands).  And....I can't return it :(
Have a neuropathy in my hands. Makes it very difficult to get these on.
Trash big bulky. My ring still does not fit!
Works great. Love that I don't have to spend an arm and a leg fixing my rings.
"Worked perfectly - though the plastic was a little stiff and hard to put around the ring. But once on, my ring fit perfectly. I did not want to have to return my ring back to QVC as they charge for return shipping. :-) I wish there would be more than one of each size, though."
Ordered this for a man's wedding band and it kept sliding around and coming off. Also felt bulgy. Do not waste your money.
"These work well on large, wide bands, but are difficult to get on the ring and come off easily.  There was only two sizes in the packet I received, and both were large."
Perfect to get my rings to fit! Nice product!
"One insert, it holds well, snug perfectly,  happy with this product and price. It also depends on your finger and ring sizes, keep looking that's right 4u. Note: You should only use one per ring, anymore this product will not work for you."
"Sadly, these were a complete waste of money. I used all six of them because each of them fell off. I won't buy these again."
"I so wanted these to work! I bought my package at Walmart yesterday because I picked my new ring up from the jeweler, I knew it would be slightly too big because I wear a size 4 but the ring only comes in a 5 and for some reason this particular jeweler wouldn't size my ring down to a 4, very frustrating! But I digress!!! I pick my ring up and it's almost a 5.5!! So instead of sending my ring back, which I've been waiting since May to get it I just decided to take the ring. So I go pick these up and try a couple of them and finally find one that will close all the way and be snug enough to keep the ring in place! It works! But one of the few problems I have with it is the edges are sharp-ish; they're pretty hard rubbery plastic and so it's irritating to the back of my finger where the ring sets in the little bend of your palm and ring ringer... but I figured I could totally get used to it because my ring is beautiful and I'm not just gana NOT wear it! So I deal with it all day and this morning I'm using the bathroom, first thing, and I'll be dad gummed if my ring snuggy didn't just fall right into the toilet water that I just ""used"" uuuugh!!! I didn't even feel that it was coming off! Well I had to get it out because the other sizes didn't work and I'd need to have something on the ring until my new adjusters come in, because I definitely went ahead and ordered something different a few mins ago! Oh well, like I said I really wanted to love this product because I paid $2.88 for t  Whatevs!"
There were enough different sizes in one package to fit all my rings. I've been able to wear my rings now. I'm not bothered by the soft plastic ring. I don't remove my rings to shower or wash my hands. The Snuggies work great.
"These have a very awkward feel. I am a man and use the large size on my wedding band. Since it fits completely around the ring, there is a huge chunk of plastic on the outside of the ring. I stopped using it as it is just uncomfortable."
"a tad uncomfortable, but they do the trick. The larger sizer fits my large college class ring."
Had to order these 2 times as the first order got lost and I never received it! I do like this product though- it's nice I can wear my wedding rings again and not have to worry about them falling off! Some of the plastic snuggies are way too large for a women's band- but the smaller ones work just fine!
"These are alright for temporary use.

My husband works construction and he used it for his ring, but now the plastic is hard and we are unable to remove it unless we cut it.

These do not last or stay on rings that have a rounded band."
The Idea of the snuggie is a great one but literally none of the size options fit around my ring. They need to be a few Centimeters smaller in thickness but great if your ring is WAY too big and not great if it is just alittle too big.
There was a warehouse label stuck on the back so we could not read the instructions.  Not sure if we put them on correctly however seems to be working.
Just received the ring snuggies. I put the smallest size on thought away.  In the process of cooking and washing dishes I lost it already.  I didn't even have it for a hour.  I couldn't even look at the directions because the label was covering it.
"Was not very comfortable on me, maybe this is because my fingers are very small (I wear size 5.5/ 6 ) .. anyway I had to cut the width of this snuggie before it felt comfortable enough to wear everyday..."
they do make the ring fit better however they are horribly bulky and ugly
Very disappointed only one fit my ring and when I took a shower off it went so I wouldn't buy this product again. Not a good product at all.
Items work great wish I could order only the size I actually need.  I end up throwing out the ones that are too small for my rings.
Not satisfied at all. None of them fit any of my rings. Better luck next time.
They worked perfectly on my ring that was too big but mostly they fit comfortably.
I have a wide wedding ring the large band works well. Ty now I won't loose it.  Again. Lost weight on weight watchers 105lbs. Still on a regular routine of health.
"I bought this to hold my wedding band and engagement ring together. It didn't work, it was just another thing that was moving around on my finger."
did not like
"I have a diamond eternity ring that was getting too loose and I was afraid to wear it. I have tried almost everything but nothing worked like these do. As soon as I selected the size I needed and cut it to size whamo that was it. I am so happy. It is exactly what I needed until I get to my jeweler.

Hope the picture helps."
"Worked great, my husband wore one for years with no signs or wear or discomfort."
"These were very helpful for my engagement ring that was 1 whole number bigger than my size. I really recommend it (product and seller).

Thanku!!"
"Seller listed on my listing without selling the same product I was.  This was for a test buy to prove the product did not match the description.  I built this listing from scratch and generated over 900 sales by providing buyers with easy to read and easy to do instructions to get the best comfort and size fit possible.  Then other sellers jumped on the listing and buyer complaints started pouring in.  Yes, that is actually what happens on Amazon."
ok for temporary fix until resizing
"Thank you I haven't tried them yet, I needed a adjuster you could put on your ring after it's on your finger."
"They didn't stay on my rings! I only have 1 left on a pinky ring out of the set!
A bit of a disappointment!"
"these are so thick - its annoying! I personally don't like them at all
I can't stand how they feel - so I wouldn't wear them or order them again"
Yay! My ring doesn't twist anymore!!!!
All I can say it was a cheap piece of plastic.  The plastic is too thick and when I place it on the ring and slide the ring down the piece just flies right off.  I would never buy something this cheap again.  I should have just gone to a jeweler.  So these things clearly suck and don't do what they are required to but the kicker is -  IT CANNOT BE RETURNED (great customer service!).  So be smarter than me - read the reviews before purchasing.
Great for easy fit!
Worked very well better than wire guards.
The Ring Snuggie was difficult to put on and didn't fit around the band properly. It fell off and went down the drain in the first 10 min of use. This item isn't eligible for return so my money went down the drain along with the Ring Snuggie.
They are bulky and uncomfortable and fell off my ring pretty quickly. I don't recommend these
too big around ring
They fit perfectly
These did not work and I found them very uncomfortable.
"Bought these due to continued weight loss. Found they are good for a very temporary fix, like a couple hours or so. Not a good fix for everyday use. They are bulky and they pinch. I had high hopes, but unfortunately can't recommend these."
Really needed these and they are great!
These sizers are way too thick and too short making them uncomfortable to wear. Every time you close your fingers you can feel it dig into your palm. I have also scratched my face and arm because it sticks out so far. They fall off very easily too. I'm already on my 2nd one and have only had them for a week. Other sizers I have used were much longer and wrapped farther around the ring making them much more comfortable. I'll be ordering a different brand to use until I get my rings sized.
Fell off and lost
not enough variety
Very useful...Need some that are just the smaller sizes.
Garbage. They don't even for right. And they stretch very easy.
"Great item highly satisfied, and highly recommend...."
DID NOT WORK FOR ME - UNCOMFORTABLE
Very unhappy with this product. Not one of the dozers fit any of the rings intended for and a total waste of money.
They are OK for a temp fix. Not for anywhere near long time use.
Please don't buy this.. the product is pathetic.. it is either too bully or too small
worked great
Can make this for cheaper
"The only way my engagement ring stays on securely! Way, way cheaper than getting it resized. Love!!"
Does exactly what needed it to do for ring to not slip from finger.
As expected
"They were larger then I wanted.  They were as advertised, but not to my liking."
"The good, the largest one fits PERFECTLY and it is exactly what I needed. The bad, there's only one large one. The ugly, I bought a second pack to get another large one and had a melee with a skunk. Overall I was unscathed but did have to run from skunk spray. The weird thing is that a plastic container that I was carrying and the ring snuggles smelled soooo HORRIBLE that they both had to be thrown away. I tried using the smaller ones but like someone else mentioned in another review, they end up scratching you real bad and not staying on right."
"I'm very disappointed in these ring snuggies they twist and turn constantly one minute they are where they are supposed to be and the next they're on the side and up at the top making it very uncomfortable..,, I actually don't even use them anymore because they're so uncomfortable"
They have a opening in back that may pinch or rub a finger the wrong way. I bought these for my husband and his ring is 7mm and worked well enough. He does occasionally complain about the band opening pinching or rubbing his skin painfully. Good expanding due to the plastic piece opening in back.
"I recently lost a LOT of weight and after replenishing my entire wardrobe the thought of spending the money right now on getting my rings resized just isn't something I want to do right now. I called around and for my two rings to be resized it would be anywhere form $30-$70 a ring and some stores refused to tell me without bringing my rings in. After seeing this I thought these would be a great alternative to hold off a little while. After reading reviews some good some bad I decided to try some of the suggestions from the people who said these were bad. So I got rubber bands and hair ties and tied them around my rings. This did not work the rubber bands and hair ties would slip apart and break.

With these being so cheap I decided to just give these a try after the other suggestions did work. When these arrived I picked one and put it on both of my rings, they both early fit around one ring snuggie. After weeks I still have the same one on and have had no problems. They are very comfortable(I forget they are on my finger) and my rings look and feel like they have been resized. If I had to pick a downsize(and really there aren't any) it would be when I wash my face each day the ring snuggie doesn't feel good when I wash my face but because I forget about these I always forget till I start to wash my face and then I just left that one finger so it isn't against my face. I couldn't be happier with these, and I highly recommend them."
"DO NOT PURCHASE- CAN NOT BE RETURNED Does not fit ring, poor quality-"
They are ok
Very uncomfortable
Creates a perfect fit
moves around...
Love it... Its not bulky or hard or irritating to wear... I have lost a lot if weight so I needed something to keep my rings from falling off my finger...  It works perfect for my 3 wedding ring set...
I bought this because I needed something to take up the slack in my Aggie Ring and didn't want to be without it while it was resized.  I believe my ring is currently a Men's 11.5 and there is an included ring sizer that takes up enough slack where my ring is no longer sliding off.  My ring still spins but I hardly notice the ring sizer. Great fix!
I bought this for my wife because her rings don't fit her finger. She got it and put it on her ring. She did not like how it feels when she put on her rings with it.
Kept falling off of rings. Would not recommend !!
"The description and photo is not a true representation of the actual product.
The packet includes 6 large snuggies unlike the multiple small ones shown on a ring. U can only use one at a time. Even the ""smallest snuggie"" in the pack is large enough to be seen from the front of the hand."
These totally suck. I actually LOST my ring because the stupid thing popped off and my ring slipped off and bounced down a vent. Get the ones that wrap around your ring and don't waste your money on these stupid things
These fit across my 3 rings and keep them straight.
Better than most.
Perfect
"Didn't work at all, very disappointed"
"Great, did what it's supposed to do!"
"Either we have not put it on correctly or the item does not do what it is intended to do,"
Hard plastic that once used and wrapped around a ring looses shape and constantly comes off. It is also VERY uncomfortable to wear.
I bought these at walmart for my engagement ring and they were great! my ring size was a 2 3/4 and it was STILL too big but i didn't want to have to keep resizing my ring since it isn't good for the ring plus if i get pregnant it will be too tight. I cut one of these in half and its great. I have only worn it for a few hours but i don't feel it since its a gel material. my ring doesnt move at all and i love it! it was to heavy so it would always move and i would have to move it back. hated that. but so far so good! i am hoping i can wear it in the shower as i don't want to constantly take it off for that but i have a feeling it will work well since it doesnt move at all now so the spacer won't easily fall off. it does fall off if i remove my ring but thats because its tight and thats how i like it. it was only 3 bucks! best 3 bucks i have ever spent.
Nice fit very well and no falling off
The best I found for resizing a ring.  Easy to put on any ring.  An the assortment gives you the option for ring sizes.
I love these things my rings stay put all day!! I lost a lot of weight so they kept on falling off till now!!! Thank you so much!!
Didn't work for me.  They would fall off while on the ring/finger at anytime.  Went through 3 in 2 days.
"I'm glad I tried these Snuggies! My favorite rings are too big. I usually use that metal thingabob, which works well, but scratches my ring bands and looks cheap--yes, even the real white gold looks cheap. These Snuggies are easy to put on and take off of rings. While they are noticeable, they are not nearly as noticeable as the metal thingabobs. It helps to keep the open end facing my finger."
take up too much space. You feel like you have something there that it is bothering you.
Bulky and not comfy.. tried them all
Good price and they work!
cool idea but only one of the things fits on my ring
Did not work for us. They are a little small and not very comfortable.
"Too difficult to apply to ring band,
Very bulky when on finger, easily
slips off with normal wear.....very dissapointing ."
thanks for the ring sizers came in handy for my rings.
These are too thick. They aren't comfortable to wear.
great
They didn't stay on the rings
They work great..super comfortable!
It hurts to wear it and it catches on clothing.
"not very comfortable and very bulky, they don't bend too easy around the ring."
"plastic was too firm and too large to be functional. It changes the ring by at least 2 sizes, could not use them at all as even the smallest size changed the ring dramatically. The plastic is so rigid that i struggled to get them on/off, there is almost zero flexibility. I would not recommend these and i'm very disappointed to learn that returns aren't even accepted."
"Uncomfortable, difficult to use"
Works well.
"Ring snuggies do make your rings fit better, but they slide around on the ring and do become uncomfortable after a few days. I wear my ring all the time so it became a hassle to keep adjusting the snuggie."
"Lost most and the ones i didn't lose, didn't fit anything. I would rather use tapemor something. They fall off too easily and in that case worthless. The idea is great but well thought out"
"I have an adjustable ring I just love but would keep getting caught in my hair. After someone crowned me for putting duct tape on the adjustable part I decided to try these. I've had it on the ring about three weeks now and it works well. The price is a little high in my opinion for something you're probably only going to be able to use one or two of(sizing), but it works."
"My husband has had the same snuggie on his wedding band for 3 years.  Because of the metal we got, it cannot be sized and only comes in 1/2 sizes, so it's a 1/4 size too big.  The big snuggie in this pack works perfectly, and has never fallen off, and doesn't bother him at all.  i can see how it would be annoying for slender fingers that need to adjust for a whole ring soze, but with his ""manly"" fingers, it's perfect.

So, a giant YES for larger hands, but for slender hands, it'd probably only be good for temporary use."
They work and are comfy
Works perfectly
could not fit them on my ring easily
Excellent
"not the greatest, i lost two of them already, they won't stay on, think i better resize the ring."
awkward as heck. Never used them. Was trying to downsize a titanium ring that can't be resized.
Terrible!!! Way too big if you have small or medium size hands.
Uncomfortable for me. They produced a callous on my hand.
These fell off every time and I ended up losing them.
Terriable product. Your ring needs to fit you two sizes big for this product to work appropriately. I needed something that would adjust to half a size. The product was too bulky and noticeable.
"Worked great, but then I gained weight and did not need them anymore........"
THANKS SO VERY MUCH!!
These are great
My jeweler charger hundreds of dollars  to solder rings together. Since I'm waiting on an anniversary band to add to my stack I wanted to wait until my set was complete. The rings are just a tad loose but drive me nuts sliding all over the place since they aren't connected. I used one of the snuggies to join them together and it works perfectly! Cheap fix until Christmas.
Didn't like it
"They work, just bulky."
"VERY CHEAP. Falls off of wide rings, narrow rings, does not stay in place. Worthless."
Work well and did their job.
My ring never fell off with these.
"They are okay, a bit uncomfy"
"Awkward feeling, so didn't really wear them for long"
Totally waste of money it doesn't work i wish i could get my money back.
These things are crap! Bought it for my fiance's engagement ring and the stupid thing fell off and got lost after a couple of days! Do yourself a favor and buy the product called RingSlinky - it rocks and doesn't ever fall off!
"These were uncomfortable, and they fell off,  I lost each one of them.  do not waste your money."
Very bulky on finger.  Did not expect that.
I receved my package as promised. The snuggies fit perfectly. Now if I can stop losing them when I take the rings off
Did not stay in place. Difficult to use.
Work very well and keeps your rings on your finger.
Bulky and spins on ring but does the job
Ehhh. This aren't comfortable and really don't work. They all seem too large for my rings and dig into my finger. This didn't solve my problem and I will need to keep searching for a solution.
waste of money
These ring snugies did the job however they were quite bulky. I would recommend this for persons who want to take up an entire ring size not just a half size.
"dont really want to stay on , so pointless"
They are not easy to put on and you know you have them on.
Really hard to work with. In the end I stopped using to pain full to use.
Terrible...they fall off.
"These are very clunky and sharp, hard to wear.  Compared to other products, these just do not cut it for me."
"They SORT OF work...when you are sliding a ring down your finger after putting on the snuggie, it sometimes pops right off.  Also, because it is rounded, the ring will sometimes start sliding off your finger."
They fit good and seem comfortable
"Not very practical when you have more than one ring on finger , the plastic underneath finger kept getting caught on things ."
Ok
Perfect for rings that are too large.  Easy to snap on the back of a ring.  I'm on vacation and found a ring I love that was too large.  These snuggles were perfect !!!
Did not like at all. Too bulky
Cool
I wear these with my promise ring before I have it sized and I love them!!! I can find the perfect size for if my fingers swell more or not!!! In love with these!!!!!!
they work as expected.
"Initially I was happy at the clear look of the ring snuggies.  However, they do not stay on my rings. The two times I have put them they have fallen off and are now lost."
Too clumsy. never felt  comfortable on my finger.
"Effective but very uncomfortable. It gets caught on everything and hurts to wash my face or go about daily activities,"
"Being a physical educator and a coach, wearing my wedding ring at times is a bit uncomfortable.  But with the ring snuggie, it stays on tight and snug.  I don't feel its going to fall off at all.  Its great for when I am active and do not want to take my ring off."
A little rough on my finger.
"Very comfortable, good quality, price and discreet...but if you're not looking to go down that much in size perhaps something less thick would be better."
This is a very good product and far less costly than the jewelry store. The larger ones seem to stay on better than the small tube type but both are good
never could get them to stay on ring.
Great product.  BETTER than the metal ones.  I did end up super gluing the snuggies into a complete circle after I had it on my ring so it wouldn't fall off.
I received my ring Snuggies today. I tried every size on my ring and I do not like how the plastic feels under my finger. Very dissatisfied. Just going to have to pay to get it sized now or pay to get a metal or gold adjuster put into my ring.
The reason I bought these was to stop my ring from flopping under the finger because it was like ahuge chunk sitting under the finger.  Putting one of these on is like doing exactly what you don't want.  Huge waste of money.
None of them fit the person who I bought them for.
baaa  old white gause tape works better  Walmart
the ring snuggies have help to keep my ring from slipping off my finger
Good product for a pirate fix before you can get to a jeweler to have your ring resized. It takes some getting used to but does the trick! My only complaint is that they come off easily and I have lost one already
"Just as advertised.  Brilliant product, I'm losing weight and my ring was starting to spin so these worked perfectly."
"the tubes are firm. they are difficult to wrap onto ring. because they are not as flexible, they become to tight after time.  A more plyable tube would be better."
"No good, they are bothersome."
"uncomfortable to wear, they do keep the ring on but definitely short term.  When I finish losing weight I will have ring re-sized."
These ring sizers are terrific!
Package broken. Snuggles in bottom of main box. Hard to find. Clear and tiny
Great product and great price.
"These were ""OK"" - but they felt awkward.
A better quick solution is to tear off a thin strip of 'band-aid' type cloth tape and put it across the ring shank - hidden within your hand.
Very comfortable.  No one sees the tape hidden within your hand.
That will stop the spinning until removed or it washes off!"
"Very comfortable.  My ring fell off in a department store and I was so upset. We found it, Thank Goodness.  I bought 2 packs of these, and since my ring is thick, I used the larger Snuggie and it fit perfectly.  I saved alot of money too,
since bringing it to a jeweler for a 14K ring guard would have cost alot.  Recommend highly!

Lynne- Florida"
They work very well and are more comfortable than metal ones.
Fits securely and keeps my rings in place. Love it.
didn't work
"perfect, my rings fit now!"
Ring snuggies arrived in 2 days and solved my ring problem instantly!
"Exactly as promised, and exactly what I needed to keep my too-big ring in place comfortably."
Great for keeping yours rings from going round and round on your fingers.
"Cool concept, but they never stayed on the ring. I lost them all within the first week."
It's a quick fix but I lost one almost Daily I don't understand why I used the smallest and the next one up and nothing worked not worth the price
Love them it works great on the rings I purchased in the wrong size.
These have worked out ok for me.
Purchased to keep my rings from slipping. Actually makes my fingers swell and hurt instead of helping. Will not purchase again.
thicker than I expected overall
Help keep rings  in place
Good idea and easy to use. A plus not taking the rings off to use adjusters.
Very uncomfortable.  Fell off alot.
Worked perfectly for what I needed! I had recently gotten engaged and the ring was a teeny bit bigger than I'd liked. We were going on vacation and wouldn't be able to get sized until after and I didn't want to take any chances of losing! You can barely notice when the ring is on.
Save your money and have a metal sizer put on at a jewelry store. These fall off easily and I lost my ring twice in the first two days of wearing them.
They all fail off and it was a waste of money.
Not worth the costs.  Move around too much and come off to easy and do not exactly fit all ring bands.  My ring bands were flat in nature not round.  Threw them in the trash.
The large one keeps my 3-ring wedding set together and won't let them fall off!  Awesome!
Not really what I expected. I already lost one.
"Really came in handy and works. We bought a set of rings from Italy and turned out to be the wrong size. Insead of going through a long, and expensive, return process, we bought these adjusters and they worked perfectly."
Too bulky and hurt my finger. Don't waste your money
worked perfectly
Very uncomfortable.
Waste of money. Just take your ring to a jeweler to resize. I put this little thing on my ring and it kept moving. Then it snapped out and kept coming out. Literally used it for less than an hour and tossed out.
"it was a thick tube and hard to fit to the ring.  Plus it felt like it was always there and I had to remove it to take off the ring.  And then I was worried it would fall off because it had one cut down the longways and I was always worried if it rubbed on something, it would peel off.  It started to separate after wearing it for a week and removing it too. The thicker larger rectangle size looks like it would be more secure on a man's ring due to their width.  But for a delicate band, these did not work.

I bought the RinGuard 3 pack of different sizes instead and I am much happier."
great buy.
Work ok but not as good as the spiral ones
Love it!!
Too bulky to keep rings in place comfortably.
Works great!
Great product.  Keeps my rings snug on my fingers and facing in the correct direction.
It actually works about as well as I expected.
A size for all needs. Perfect.
The ring snuggles work well.
"Don't really work well. Turn around a lot and fall off.  Do not recommend purchase.,!"
OK
Wish there were more in a bag
Product works as advertised. This is good enough value for the money and it an easy quick fix for those rings that are too loose on your fingers. Very handy and easy to use. Great deal for the money for this 3 pack!
"Stopped using these as they would snag things, scrape my skin, and fill with soap when I washed my hands."
It worked for about an hour and fell off! They keep falling off definately not worth it don't waste your money
They are just pieces of rubber hose that someone cut into links. She finds it very hard to get the ring off with them on
these work great. I like costume jewelry and because it only comes in whole sizes I have to order a half size too large. these work great!
"These are awesome! I have large knuckles and slender fingers so getting my wedding and engagement rings resized isn't really an option. They kept spinning around so I ordered these in hopes that they'd hold them in place. I was surprised that they worked so well- I ended up using one of the larger sizes to enclose both of my rings in the same snuggie. I hardly notice the it and it's not noticeable unless you show someone. This keeps my rings snug together and is SO much cheaper and less impactful than soldering the rings together! It seems a little pricy if you're only using one of them, but it's hard to know what size you'll need and I found it to be very worth it in the end."
Works well!
I just love these things.  They're just perfect.
Hard to open and then when I did it kept going on the side of the ring.  The smallest one I still cannot open.  I will keep trying.
worked perfect
"My wife and I purchased these Sungglers for our college and wedding rings. We expected the variety of sizes were sufficient to help give a more ""snugggly"" fit. However, the Snugglers sizes did not fit well on all 4 of our rings.

We also found that the plastic is too thick and does not countour well to raduis of the rings. Thus, does not allow for a comfortable fit."
The smallest is too small and won't stay on my ring. The next size is too large and slides around and scratches my other hand when I try to wash them. I was even more disappointed to find that I am not able to return this item that I cannot use because they do not fit.
"I love that I do not have to worry about scraping the band of my ring with a metal spacer. It stays put on the ring and doesn't bother me to have it on. I thought it might get in the way while holding objects in my hand, but it is great"
Received what was said. Just as pictured
"I could not wear them due to hard, nonpliable plastic. They caused my rings to bunch together - very uncomfortable."
IT WORKS
Served its purpose but after a while it bothers your fingers.
don't stay on the  ring. hard to get on. won't recommend it.
The ring snuggles don't stay on and are uncomfortable
"I don't recommend these.  They are hard to put on the ring and easy to come off, plus they are bulky feeling and uncomfortable."
Just what I had expected.
They fall off all the time. Worthless.
Too bulky really uncomfortable and stiff
Excellent product in perfect condition with lightning fast shipping!! Was able to size down one of my favorite rings from a size 9 to a 7! Very satisfied with this purchase! Very reasonable price as well. Will be a return customer.
"They are OK. Definitely better than the metal ones but I was disappointed that only 1 in the entire package, fit my ring. I decided to use a plastic that melts and put it around my ring. Much better mold and hold."
It did not keep the rings together firmly. The still separated and slipped around my finger.
"I ordered a personalized ring and received the wrong size. I couldn't return, so purchased these. The do work but are not the most comfortable things."
"Sure it's not the prettiest thing, they aren't hiding that. It works great and stays out of the way. Mine lasted 4 years before the plastic broke. If I can't find the original package it came in (somewhere on my desk) I'll have to buy another one."
they work great.
They slide around the back of the ring even with the smallest size. I threw them out.
Concept is good but it didn't work for me -
Not much of a size selection. The one that fit my ring was large enough that it made my finger go numb. Using it in the morning when my ring is the loosest while waiting for another product. If your finger and ring is just the right size it might be good. The adjuster was no problem to fit on the ring and was unobtrusive. Might work well for others but did not go well for me.
"Learned while carrying luggage that a snuggie can easily pop-off your ring (and be lost) if you don't get the right size on there to start with, but otherwise a terrific solution."
Didn't work!!
I was very disappointed in this product.
"too bulky and obvious. would recommend this as alternative:&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/GWHOLE-Ring-Size-Adjuster-with-Silver-Polishing-Cloth-Set-of-4-2mm-3mm/dp/B01M0OX3EW/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">GWHOLE Ring Size Adjuster with Silver Polishing Cloth,Set of 4 (2mm/3mm)</a>"
Can't live without these.
They don't stay on and they are extremely uncomfortable.
Small in terms of length. The plastic is hard and hurts my finger.
Useless
hard to keep in place
My ring fell off and lucky to find it so bought these snuggies to solve the problem.
These are great; easy to use and I like the variety of sizes!
"I had ordered a plastic (3D-Printed) ring online that was unfortunately too big for my ring finger, but also too small to be comfortable on my middle finger. I saw Ring Snuggies as a solution, but was afraid the ring would be too thick. But, the largest snuggie in the package works great! It still leaves a gap, but it stays on the ring just fine. It also cushions my finger from the hard plastic edge. My only gripe is that after some use, it sticks to my finger and takes some work to get it off. Otherwise, very happy!"
Served my needs & fast shipment!
Variety of sizes so they all get used on different rings. They work perfectly.
Don't work well
These worked perfect for my rings until I could go get them sized! It comes with multiple sizes and it's a bit hard to slip them on at first but they work great!
It makes the ring fit smaller but it's very uncomfortable and falls off. I wore it one day and just took my ring off. I wouldn't recommend.
Like the product
Did not work.
They were too thick and bulky and made the rings way too tight.  Everyone in the package was the same thickness
I've always used these because my fingers swell occasionally and then get smaller so I can never keep the same ring size. They work pretty well but if you constantly wear them they start to change color and loose their tight hold.
"Ok for price, not very comfortable"
good
"These keep falling off my rigs, they are the perfect size but every time I take my rigs off they pop off. Disappointing!"
"Felt horrible. Got the slinky kind instead and I'm much happier. They fit better, stay better and are more forgiving on your finger than these."
"They are kind of flimsy, but serves the purpose."
Did not fit correctly or hold well in place. Adjuster piece should have been designed with a slight curve as rings are circular.
"So, these things do work insofaras keeping your ring from falling off but I was surprised/disappointed at how hard the plastic was. I ended up taking it off as it was more annoying than I could handle. I was anticipating a softer gel like consistency like silicone or more of a ""gummy"" feel. So they work, just know you may not like the feel or give yourself a few days to get used to it."
Did not work!
These work great!!!! My fingers swell sometimes so my fingers can be different depending on the day... usually in the summer my rings fit tighter but in the winter they seem loose... this was the perfect solution!
"The plastic that the ""tubes"" are made of are too thick to work properly, imo. If your ring is really too big for you it might work."
"Bought so I could wear my deceased husband's wedding band next to my ring. Works very well and is comfortable. Can also be trimmed if necessary. Only con is because the snuggie had to be do wide I cannot get it wet. If I wash my hands,  I have to take the ring off because if I  don't,  I still have to take it off to dry the ring."
These are kind of thick and they catch on a lot of things.
They don't work. As soon as you bend your finger they fall off.
Didn't work AT ALL.
to big
There was only one in the pack that fit my ring and it somehow came off when I was drying my hands in a restaurant bathroom and ended up in the trashcan with the towels.  I wish there was an option to buy a pack of just one size so when something like this happens the entire pack isn't worthless.  Great idea though!
"As Advertised.  Well constructed, well satisfied."
Items were shipped and received just as promised.
Don't buy
Too bulky hard and uncomfortable. Don't use it at all.
Makes wearing my favorite heavy rings more comfortable.
too thick
Got these for my wife. She claims they are uncomfortable and don't fit very well.
These are not the easiest to put on a ring. It takes a little practice to get it in place while your ring is on. It is also not the easiest to put it on the ring first then slip your ring on because they want to pop off but once you get it in place and have it on..they hold up very nicely and hold your ring in place
"Purchased for a ring that was too big.  Did the job, would buy again."
Wife loves them.
"Bought at another place used smallest on a ring and largest for another . They lasted a day on rings popped off , fit fine in shop when jeweler put them on.
 Dont waste your money. I have now cut a piece of fish tank hose much softer an c comfortable plus stays on."
I did not like these they did not work for me to bulky and they slide around
I originally had one of the metal size adjusters on my ring from the store and I hated it. It would bend am loosen and was just down right uncomfortable. I bought a pack of these and as soon as I put it on I liked it! I also enjoyed the different sizes they had so I could find exactly what size was good for me. I'm rough of stuff and these things have held up very nicely and I don't have any problems with them. :)
Awesome!!! Size is perfect and solved my big ring problems.
Works great for rings of all sizes
Excellent product. Works well good variety of sizes.
This did not last as long as I expected it to. Within a week it had fallen off the ring. Not doing anything major with my hands just your typical day-to-day movements. No hard labor no washing dishes nothing of that sort. I'm plastic just kind of slipped off the ring. We tried different sizes in the same thing happened.
"very fast shipping, item works as described"
Does what I need it to... I haven't experienced the adjuster popping off or anything but it does occasionally slip from side to side. It also is not the most comfortable but you get used to it.  If you have an inexpensive ring that you like but are not trying to spend money on sizing - this works perfectly!
Works very well to resize a ring that is a little too big. Stays put and is comfortable.
They work fine...when they stay on.  After a few weeks they start to work loose and then they are gone.
these hurt!! too bulky!
These didn't stay on my ring at all.  I threw them out.
To wide and uncomfortable. I won't use.
"The wide range of sizes was excellent.  I was able to find one that perfectly fit my ring and now I have spares for other rings.  I didn't think I would need so many different sizes, I was wrong.  The selection was great!  The snuggie holds up well under constant daily use and is quite comfortable (if you use the correct size!)."
"Seller was AWESOME.  Product really is kind of useless - so sorry to say.  It has a slit in the tube to place onto the ring, but then when you place it onto your finger the sliding motion causes it to fall off."
Various sizes included in package so you can find the one that fits right!
"I recently got a ring as a gift, and since it was one of those cheap rings, it had weird sizings and just didn't fit. I bought this packet because it's a super cute ring and I would love to flaunt it around more, but none of the snuggies fit on my ring. Maybe when I find a ring that this will fit on, I'll leave a better review"
Kids love it!! Thank you
It did not fit my ring style.
"Good value, as described, speedy delivery."
Denton like to fit it all we never order them again
"Granted, my ring band is a ""branch style"" so it isn't the same size the full way around. However, I can't help but think these would feel just as foreign and precarious on a standard ring as they do on mine. This type of thing should be a temporary fix for a ring that's going to get resized, but sometimes that isn't possible due to resources or time. The idea sounds good, but in practice it feels like hard plastic pressing into your hand whenever you hold something. It also popped off of my ring on a daily basis. There's a seemingly perfect span of band on my ring without branches that can fit the snuggie, so I didn't think it would pop off. This happens especially when it's cold.

In a pinch, this is a temporary fix. Not great for the long term."
Just perfect
My wife uses theses on here rings they work great. If your ring is a little too large I highly recommend these no issues whatsoever.
was not at what I needed or expected. I could make something easier then this.
Even the smallest size was way too big and bulky
Too bulky and hard to get them on the ring. I returned them.
Works well!
Product is exactly what I wanted!  Good price!
Absolutely useless - won't stay on the ring if I wash my hands. Ij've already lost the only two sizes that might help my ring from slipping around my ringer.  I prefer the spiral one I used previously.
"It did the job.
I lost (and found) my wedding ring twice before I got serious about ring sizers. My ring is 7mm thick with a continuous floral pattern which can't be resized, so a do-it-yourself piece of round tubing just wouldn't  work (well, it might, but it'd be a lot more annoying than the ring snuggie). The sizer  needed to be flat.

I used the biggest one in the assortment. It's easy to get on and off, even when it's on my finger.

It's annoying, hard to get used to a chunk of plastic on the inside of my finger, but compared to the anxiety and trouble of losing my ring, it's worth  it."
If you need to make a ring fit you perfect? This item is for you. I Love them!
"Only one of these really worked for me.  The sizing is a bit awkward, feels kind of bulky on the finger.  I don't know what I expected, but they're a bit uncomfortable to wear often."
N C Y
Super recommended!
These are ok but they roll on your finger. I think i will have my ring resized it's not worth the hassle.
They do make ring tighter but are too thick for me. It'll take some getting use too since they're not as comfortable as a ring is. They did arrive in designated arrival time and free shipping was great. Won't bother to return.
"Ridiculous, uncomfortable pieces of thick plastic tubing."
Very uncomfortable.
"Arrived on time and as promised, thank you!"
Fail
"They do make the size smaller, but due to the one long slit they slip off and disappear way to easy."
Bought these for a friend. They popped off her rings and projectile launched across the room. They don't stay on the ring well.
"I just received my ring snuggles, and immediately put them on my rings. They are really easy to use and definitely made my rings fit comfortably, I did cut them in half, which worked better for me and made them feel less combursom."
"Very good and inexpensive way to fit your rings! The guard is very comfortable and very inconspicuous. Would rate a five but it's not too easy to slip the guard on while wearing my ring; had to put the guard on, then put my ring on. Overall a very good product."
love it. a quick fix for a 1k ring.
This is a decent product and allows me to wear big rings on all of my fingers.  They work best on thicker banded rings.
These work but fall off too easily. I lost one within a matter of a few hours at work.
"Unfortunately out of all the sizes in the package they were all too ""fat"" for my ring. I wear a 5 and a half and just bought a new ring, although it fits over my knuckle it's a little too loose once it's all the way on my finger. It was already sized from a store stock size 7 to the 5.5 when I bought it so I don't want it sized again. I'll have to try and find something else that will work better. If these were not so bulky or thick it would work perfect!"
"Loved the assorted sizes, perfect for my husband's ring."
"I was not impressed. They didn't work at all for me. I have small hands, my ring finger is a size 5.5, I bought these because in the colder weather my fingers shrink and my rings become too loose. They were bulky, hard to use and uncomfortable. They may work great on people with bigger hands/fingers but they didn't work for me."
"These are OK, definitely less expensive and troublesome than having all my rings re-sized by a jeweler - particularly when my fingers change size every couple hours. They do tend to slide around and perch themselves as close to the top of the ring as they can, rather than staying under the finger where they belong. I don't know what anyone could do about that, though."
"Worked well on some rings.  It could use some other sizes in the package, but for the most part, a good buy."
My fingers swell in the heat and need ring snuggies in the winter and these are perfect!
"husband loosing weight & wedding ring too loose. these worked great, he's very happy with the Snuggies"
Mehhh... I found these to be too bulky ... got the spirals instead.
Great product!
"Great product,  exactly what I wanted. ..as advertised!"
Works good.
Worked great on the fiancee's ring :)
"I was not a fan. I bought the ring snuggies to try and help keep the ring tighter on my finger during cold weather but find it itchy and comber-sum. I also did not find it tight enough, my fingers may have shrunk more than I realized.  I do want to hold onto the product to see how it does with holding the wedding band and engagement ring together."
"Helps keep my ring from slipping around all day. Still loose, but definitely better!!"
I was disappointed in their long term usefulness
"Very good, thanks."
These seem to be made for SQUARE rings. There's zero bend to them. Better off using tape.
Exactly what I needed to keep my ring from turning around.  Easy to attach and very comfortable to wear.
"Way too bulky to wear, not better than using string at all."
great
The best for my rings that are too big.  Clear band is perfect.
"I'm a petite person, it is really hard for me to find rings that fit. Usually i'd get the small rings that go halfway on your finger to put on with a reagular ring so it wouldn't fall out. After lookinh st these I decided to try them out and they work so good! You cannot really see them and they come in different sizes! Very helpul and I would recomend. They camouflage so it's not so visible"
Great
Arrived early & just as described. Works well so far.
Horrible. Don't work.
Ring Snuggies work great. But it is best if you buy variety packs . Some of them can be hard to fit rings.
Works well. Thank you
they fall off
Great Product and great service
Definitely work as described. Easy to clean.
"This works like a champ.  But if I could recommend a product improvement, it would be to round over the ends just a little.  I'm sure I will get used to the feeling, but when you start to wear this on your ring, I find that I notice a slight irritation from the edges, and I fiddle with it a lot.
This works much better than the spiral cut adjuster that I tried.  That one unwound itself from my ring as I wore it and never stayed put.  This works liek a champ, and with all the size choices included, I found one that fit the ring exactly."
Works but uncomfortable
"These were so unclmfortable. Your ring would have to be just the right amount too big for these to not cut off your circulation.

They also stay straight across and don't curve with the shape of the ring, and they are bulky and get in the way.  I do not use them."
These are terrible they don't help they are hard to use they don't stay on the ring
They fall off all the time.
Didn't really work with my rings....
"Cheap quality, don't stay attached to the ring, I wouldn't recommend"
Good assortment of sizes to make sure at least one fits your ring. I can definitely feel that it is there but it's a good temporary fix until you can resize a ring. Not a permanent solution but the ring stays in place and I don't have to worry about it falling off.
This was a must purchase after our engagement this year.  The snuggies fit perfectly and having the assortment really helped me to find the most comfortable fit!  I would definitely recommend this product.
"Never stayed on,, kept popping off.."
not very comfortable at all..
After a few days it opens up and falls off the ring.
These are so fabulous for a quick fix for a too large a ring. Select the size of the flexible pc  to fit around the shank of the ring. & it makes the ring fit! These are a MUST for people who wear rings!
"If I could have given this product no stars, I would have.  Cheap looking and not at all what I expected.  SAVE YOUR MONEY."
They do as advertised and the variations in sizes are very helpful for different ring types.
"These are a waste of money.  They fall off, are bulky and even though they are clear plastic, you can still see them.  Were not what I expected."
"Love these!! I got engaged in July and while my ring fit great then, now that the weather has cooled down my hands have shrunk and my ring always feels like it's going to fall off. I don't want to get it resized since I will probably just have to do it again when the weather gets hot next summer and my fingers swell up, so this was the perfect solution! And I love how inexpensive they are!"
to big an clunky sticks out when on ring. kept getting caught in my hair.
No way could I attach one on while wearing my ring.  Did not work for me. I threw them out.  A wast of money.
"Don't bother.  These do not work.  I threw them out the next day.  I put one snuggie on my ring, took a short nap later in the day, and it was missing.  I found it in the bed.  Just a waste of money."
Ring snuggies worked good for my wife ring 
My wife used these everyday and says they are comfortable.
works pretty good
"Can be purchased a lot less expensive at many jewelry counters. A basically useless piece of plastic. It came off multiple times until I gave up, always needed adjusted to not slide on top of finger next to stone, and extremely uncomfortable."
I was disappointed in the product. The ring snuggies kept falling off. There were only 3 in the package that worked with my finger and ring. Each fell off and was lost. The first one lasted a day and a half. The second less than 8 hours and the 3rd less than 3 hours
I wish I had 1 more wide ring guard in the package. Otherwise they work well. Do make your hands feel different when washing them or applying hand lotion.
Take up too much room on your finger than expected.
Very uncomfortable and doesn't work well.
I am enclosing Ring Snuggie with every ring I sell and my Customers love them.
Just what I need and it helps a lot
Great product! I've used them for years as my rings are top heavy and always turn on my fingers. These solve the problem. Came very fast and will keep buying
They work perfectly and are very comfortable! Definitely what I hoped!
"Meh, not for me. They made my ring too tight so I gave them to mom. Her size adjuster popped off and was lost forever but she liked it while it lasted."
useless
I thought I was purchasing Hat boxes so naturally they were too small.
"These ring sizers are thick. They are also quite wide and uncomfortable. They are so wide they don't wrap around the ring well (or maybe they are just wide for me because I have tiny fingers) Because they're too thick and you can't return them, I'm just out the money I paid for them. I'd suggest ordering sizers that you can return if necessary, always check the return policy before ordering. Like I said, these are really thick, so they will only work well if your rings are several sizes too big and you need a thick sizer."
Horrible product. Only had the product for a couple days and already lost two because they would not stay on. Don't buy!
Ridiculous
Popped off shortly after i put it on without even feeling it popped of. Maybe for very bery thin rings...
They are the worst.  very hard plastic and uncomfortable to wear.  they even spin around the ring themselves- and don't help the ring to stay in place.
Did not work for what I needed but that is not the fault of the product per se. My ring was not that round so the product did not fit correctly
These really work great.  I would recommend these to anyone whose rings are loose.
"These didn't work out at all for me.  I was looking for something that would help me keep my engagement ring on my finger until I was able to get it resized.  The pieces of PVC are too wide to fit on a ring (it might be that mine is so small -- size 5), and it took me quite a while to even get them around my ring.  Once I did, I put my ring back on.  The 'snuggie' immediately irritated my finger.  If I had worn this for the day, I probably would've had a blister, or raw skin at least.

I just think that the concept of these ring adjusters is all wrong.  They are too big and bulky for everyday use, and the edges are painful for fingers.  I don't think I would recommend this product to anyone.  Get your ring resized right away and don't waste your money on these.  I didn't have high expectations for these at all, and they still disappointed me."
"I kind of wish these were thinner. It fit perfectly on my ring and was comfortable just doing random things around the house. As soon as I got in the car and started driving, I couldn't even stand it. It kept sliding around and I could feel the ring trying to push through the gap. I took it off immediately and haven't put it back on."
I dislike these very much. They are very bulky and due to that they rub on your finger and leave marks. If you are an average size woman these are very big. My ring size is 6.5 and the smallest ring snugging is still slightly large. As time goes on the opening stretches. It has popped off about 4 times so far and I have had these about 4 months. It is difficult to use lotion or anything of the sort because the ring guard is so bulky the creme builds up. Not a fan at all. As you can see it sticks out very far and also has a large gap.
They don't stay good on the ring.
Worked for a temporary solution so my husband didn't lose his ring at the reception and could get his ring sized after the wedding.
Doesn't stay well. A waste of money.
ok
"Don't fit hard to put on, waste of money."
"After getting engaged, I found that my ring was a little too big so I bought these. They are a good temporary fix but taking it off every time I took my ring off to wash my hands became annoying. I eventually just had the ring resized. It did work while I used it though"
I liked because I had some rings that were big. It arrived very very soon.
"It doesn't quite keep my ring from spinning but it does prevent my ring from slipping off.  However it can get caught in my hair or scratch my face. And I did lose it the other day... as it caught on my bag and slipped off ( lost it on the subway, never to be found).  Good short term solution but I think I will try to get my ring resized permanently"
"They did not work for me. I found them uncomfortable and too thick. They do not flex to the curved shape of a ring at all, and thus pop off very easily. Wouldn't recommend them. Don't waste your time or money on them."
Very pleased with the purchase.
"This works very well, I have found another use for them. I have a diamond pennant on a cchain necklace , it was constantly shifting where the clasp would end up in front. I put a small snuggie on the clasp and no more shifting!"
"It is not the most comfortable ring sizer, and it's kind of bulky, but it does do the job and keeps a too big ring on your finger."
"Nice selection of sizers. I needed to add 1 and later 2 sizes to my wedding band, and these did the trick. (I lost 90+ pounds from my wedding weight, so my band was getting very loose!)

TIP: Try the bigger/wider fits first if you want a comfortable fit. Some of the skinny ones can bite into your fingers."
Got these for my mother. She said they were fine.
Good price - helped so much with my loose rings.
Didn't exactly fit or work as expected
they are hard to get on and don't really work
Pretty much as expected.  They work but they're kind of bulky and sometimes slip off of the ring.
These things are useless
Just what I needed. Seller shipped promptly. No issues.
"When we ordered our wedding rings I had never worn one before so I had no idea what size I wore. As such, I ended up receiving rings that are probably one size too big. Cue the Ring Snuggies! The Snuggies come in a variety of sizes so you can make your rings a little tighter or a lot tighter. They also have a Snuggies that will fit two rings, so that's the one I use for my engagement & wedding rings. It keeps them together and snug on my finger. They're not the most comfortable thing in the world (or maybe I'm just used to loose rings) so I only wear them if I plan on going swimming or to a theme park."
Does not hold and is bulky so you feel it.
It fell off a lot until I taped the slit to keep it from sliding off the ring. It was rather uncomfortable
worthless. simply worthless.
Works great-- as promised.
worked
These inserts are bulky and awkward.  The ring would have to be very oversized for these to work in my opinion.  I'm glad I ordered another product besides this one to size my rings.  It was a big improvement on this product.
"Liars! They said there are three piece per order! I made 6 orders, I should have received 18 pieces however I only received 6!!! I'm so furious right now!"
No good
These ring snuggies were way too big/thick/awkward for my ring. The smallest one fell off after 10 minutes and the rest were just too big to use. I would not recommend this product.
Would never purchase this again. All sizes came in the same thickness which doesn't differentiate or help with securing the ring.
They do exactly what they say they'll do.  You will feel them while they are on and they do move and twist around the ring a little bit.  To me it's constantly noticeable on my finger. It's perfect for a temporary fix but I will have to get my ring sized.
They really did not work for me. They felt uncomfortable for me
"My fingers are quite small, a 4.5, and most retailers do not sell costume jewelry in sizes below 5. This is great because I can buy a 5 and wear the snuggies and still be able to enjoy the jewelry. It is a bit chunky but it works."
"This is the second time I bought this product!
After significant weight loss, my wedding ring does not fit the same.  I am not yet at my goal weight, so I do not want to get my ring sized down just yet.  The ring snuggie allows me to wear the ring and feel safe that it is secure.

There are definitely some drawbacks:
- the edges of the opening catch on lots of stuff.  I actually cut (slightly more than a scrape, but no blood) my toddler's face while vigorously washing off pasta sauce.
- after a while the snuggie loosens and starts to pop off.  Eventually I lost mine (and no longer had the remaining various sizes).

Although this product isn't perfect, I was happy to buy it again while I continue on my weight loss journey.

I could definitely see this being beneficial for people who have significant swelling issues seasonally or throughout the day."
I only received one package...
Dont waste your money
"We bought these for my husband's ring because we accidentally ordered it too big. Unfortunately we can't get it resized locally without voiding the lifetime warranty and I am hesitant about mailing it back, so our solution was a ring snuggie! The package can with a variety of sizes, as shown in the picture, so we were able to easily find the perfect one for his ring and we had extras in case I needed to use one too! The snuggies are durable and do well in water (like when you wash your hands), although they can sometimes hold water but my husband just takes it off for a moment and shakes it. They are clear so they are easy to hide if you don't want them to be visible. I was worried about it being uncomfortable but my husband says he has no problem with it and I tried one and also didn't notice any discomfort or anything similar. All in all they were a life saver because his ring no longer slides of his finger dangerously while we are traveling, instead it stays snugly right where it belongs. '
I would like to note that they can get dirty and be hard to clean or if you drop one it can be hard to find it after, but I still love these products."
Smart product
Works great. Different sizes really came in handy.
Works great
Very helpful.  It makes the ring fit more snuggly.  It is a great way to resize the ring in a non permanent way.  Having a wide variety of sizers was the best part because depending upon the width of the ring a different sizer may be chosen.
very uncomfortable to wear
they work and keep my rings from falling off my fingers.
Great product!! Delivered in a very timely manner. I would definitely recommend this product and this seller.
Never tried before and I love them
I like it
Great Product.
crap
These were a huge waste of money.  They were very hard to clip on my rings and felt bulky and uncomfortable.  I tried every single size and they were awful.  I finally got one on and wore it around for a day to see if I could get used to it and it kept popping off.
This product was way too uncomfortable to wear. I had it off within minutes of wearing it.
"This was really annoying to wear. If you can, just have your ring resized"
"They work when they stay in place.  But I have very skinny fingers (size 4) so they roll constantly.  And I have lost 3 of these because they slip off the ring due to the slit.
Overall though, I think they would work better if the fit is snug."
Very uncomfortable on finger and unsightly in my opinion. Had to figure out how to put it on the ring myself since an adhesive label was placed right get over the instructions area. Really smart.
"Works great, thank you!"
Prefect cheap fic
"I have a large gold ring too tight to wear on my ring finger and too loose to wear on my pinkie finger, the finger I want to wear it on. I inserted one of the larger 'Snuggies"" and now the ring fits great, no more worries about losing it anymore. This product doesn't scratch the ring and it's comfortable to wear."
Worked good but fell off
"These are OK for a temperory fix but they have slide off more that staying on,need the old metal kind that had a latch"
did not fit ring or work properly :(
Love the different sizes.
They are great if you a ring that is a size too big. Wish they have a pack with just one size of the regular round adjuster. I don't need it to hold multiple rings together and some of them go to waste.
Kept falling off
Never works
"We had to replace our wedding rings after 41 years. My wife's broke two years ago, mine two weeks ago. We were able to replace them with exact matches, but I wear a 12.5 and had to choose between a 13 and a 12. Thev13 was fine unless my hands are wet, so I thought to try these. Works great."
Tried them and they work!  Maybe you could make a package of just the smaller ones for women as I think the big ones are unusable for me.  I'm so glad to find something to make wearing my rings a pleasure.  Now the stones stay up where they belong.  Thank you.
"Not one of these are good, appealing, or comfortable enough to wear on a daily basis. My wedding ring fits well but slips off easily when my hands get wet, which is why I wanted these. Good attempt I suppose but I will just risk losing the ring. I found it more irritating to have on my finger than worrying about losing the ring."
They work but are a bit thick on the outside too.
They work!!!
do not work threw them away
"Works on large rings, but very bulky and uncomfortable."
Works great.
"I have arthritis and just recently got married. My ring would not stop falling off when the swelling went down. Ring snuggie has been a great help in keeping my rings where they should be! Very soft yet durable, I don't even know I'm wearing them. The variety of sizes gives you many options. I'm glad I got this product!"
A great temporary solution before a ring resize!
Lost it the first time I wore it. Did not fit right. Will not recommend this product.
Great deal alot cheaper than buying from the stores love them.
Won't stay on my rings. Total waste of my $$
Ok but they fall off too easily. best for temporary use.
"This doesnt work, comes right off the ring. It is also very uncomfortable"
None of them fit my rings and no return policy...was a waste of money
"Worked okay for a short while, but wasn't very comfortable. Also only one of the pieces would work with my rings,the rest were to large."
Simplest is best. Tried other ones and this one worked best of all.
They were too thick and felt uncomfortable.
Easy to use..not made for thick rings..but good for others..
Terrible
"the snuggies did not work out too well for me because I work with my hands and they got in the way and caught on things. They would be fine if you were just wearing them to a cocktail party or something, but if you wear the rings all the time and use your hands a lot, they are a bit of an impediment."
These are okay. They have a tendency to fall off and you have to get used to them which can be difficult.
I used these on my engagement ring before I could get it sized. Worked like a charm!
this product is very helpful
Okay product and fast service
"I have rings that I cannot have sized because they are not ""real"" or are carved out of stone.  These adjusters while not initially comfortable become more comfortable the longer they stay on your finger.  These are good if your ring fingers contract depending upon the weather sparing you the need to re-size the ring everytime the weather/season changes or if you lose weight."
Uncomfortable. I stopped using them.
I liked how the package had various sizes and was easy to put on
"Product did what I needed it to. A little bulky on the ring, but it kept it from slipping off, which was the purpose. Received it quickly from the seller."
Does what it says.. Ring fits me perfectly now and doesn't come off. 
Didn't work...plastic
Super uncomfortable
Just what I was looking for!
Great use
"Hate these.  I put one on a ring and the same day it fell off and was lost.  Thought it might be a one off, but same thing happened the next day.  A friend knew I ordered some and had me get some for her before I tried mine and I feel bad because they are a complete waste of money."
"Good product but, you have to get used to having something on your ring"
It seems that the warmth from my skin makes this material more prone to loosening up and has come off the ring more than once. Good idea but needs tweaking....not the safest solution.
They're so useful when you have a ring that is a little big :)
It did just what I wanted it to.
Would be better if more flexible and rounded to the shape of a half circle to fit the shape of the ring.
Not quite as good a fix as I had hoped
"I'm not trying to be rude, but this is kind of a ripoff. I just went to Lows and bought some clear piping for 67 cents a foot. It worked great. My ring is snug and it works on my other rings too. Just sayin."
Loved them needed them listed so much weight my wedding ring fell off in the shower and I thought it was gone forever after 35 years scared the life out of me.
I've had three snuggies come off my wedding rings since I bought this product. I've had my ring sized twice but it's hard to get over my knuckle so I need to keep it slightly larger in size. I was hoping the snuggies would keep my rings in place once I got then over my knuckle. I'll keep looking.
It does come with different sizes.  Only one worked.  All the others were way to large or small.  The one that did fit came off and was lost during packing for moving my mom so they don't stay on thru heavy work.
Bought a ring and lost some weight so I needed the ring sizes. Love that the sizes are all different shapes and sizes.
Bought an awesome vintage ring at a flea market that was a bit too big. These were perfect!
"It worked well, but i had to tape it closed/together in order to keep it on. Has multiple sizes for different sized rings, which i nice."
"The wall thickness of the tubing primarily determines how much it reduces the effective ring size.  The different tube lengths make little difference and are there for marketing purposes, in my opinion.  The wall thickness was too great to be of any use in my case.  It may be useful for someone with a grossly oversized ring"
Excellent product! Shipped beautifully! I will recommend any time! :)
"They fell of too soon, was no way to keep them on."
I've been making strides in my health and am finding that my wedding bands are none too snug these days. I'm afraid of losing them constantly.  I sought out these Ring Snuggies here on Amazon. I received them yesterday and was really happy to find that even with my wide band- 6mm there was a Snuggie that fit. I've been wearing it all day and it fits perfect- I can barely tell it's there unless I flatten my palm against something. So I'm glad it's comfortable. I would highly recommend this item for anyone who has found themselves in a similar situation- and I just don't want to have them sized yet as my healthy journey continues I might find that I'll need to go even smaller.
"HAVE ALWAYS USED THESE TO MAKE MY RINGS TO FIT PERFECTLY. AFTER USING THEM FOR A WHILE THEY BEGIN TO GET HARD SO I ALWAYS KEEP A GOOD SUPPLY ON HAND. I ALSO TAKE A STRIP OF THE POP-UP TAPE AND CUT IT IN HALF AND WIND IT AROUND THE MIDDLE OF THE BAND--THEN I PUT MY RING ON AND PUT THE PROPER SIZE OF SNUGGIE OVER THE TAPE. IT IS ALMOST IMPOSSIBLE TO GET A SNUGGIE THAT WILL MAKE THE RING FIT PERFECTLY--SO THAT IS THE REASON FOR THE TAPE, AND ALSO IT KEEPS THE TAPE ON AND PROTECTED. TOGETHER THEY MAKE A PERFECT MATCH. I LOVE MY SNUGGIES."
These worked great. My finger is smaller at the base and needed to get ring over knuckle. They keep your ring from moving all around. Great solution for now.
Don't stay on my rings and they fall off every time I wash my hands.  Don't buy them!
"Disappointed at the hardness of the plastic! Hard to keep on, it wants to flip around and fall off."
These are very good for the money. I only needed one of the sizes for my wedding ring just until we get it sized and it's comfortable and stays on the ring very well. I hardly ever notice it's there. I would buy this product again if I needed to.
"My ring was a thin band and my ring is size 3 ,  It didn't work for me "
"Worthless, they kept falling and I lost my gold ring because of it. DO NOT BUY!!!!!

do
not

buy"
Love the variety of thickness of snuggles as I have different styles!
Junk won't stay on the ring. Don't wast your money
I had recently lost weight and was unable to wear my wedding rings safely.. I always felt like I was going to lose them. I looked high and low for DIY ways to size my rings smaller and ran across the Ring Snuggies ... gotta say . glad I spent the little money they are .. rings fit great.
Uncomfortable and ineffective solution to resizing.
Wish I would have gotten all one size.  They are comfortable to wear.
"Twist adjusters are so,much better but these work."
These work great! Beware that the slit sometimes opens and they may fall off.
great
Works great and great price
"These are a good idea, but they are too think. Your ring would have to be way way too big for these to work."
"It functions well for my needs.  I prefer the type that you ""cut to length"" and slide under the ring.  however, they aren't as secure as the Ring Snuggies."
Works well
"I really like these. They make my rings fit. Thanks. I would add another regular ring sized snuggie. I lost one, and was glad to have the other one in the same length, but am afraid I will lose this one! I am glad to have the other ones for bigger rings, as I have a few of those. I will now be able to wear rings inherited from my mother.  I like them, it doesn't take long for them to be very comfortable."
Great product. Easy to use.
"They're pretty good at keeping rings from turning on your finger, but they do get dirty over time. I only wish they'd stay nice and clean!"
"Only a few sizes in the box fit my finger and engagement ring.  The rest are too big.  The few sizes that fit did the trick though, preventing my solitaire setting ring from rotating around my finger.  The plastic snuggies fall off easily and get lost though."
These do not work
Tightens up your rings quickly without costly changes.
The Ring Snuggies work quite well for me. The various sizes and shapes accommodate my ring bands well. I'll buy them again. I received the product quickly from the seller.
They have served me very well. Thanks
Exactly what I needed!
Waste of $$$ don't work
love them but they fall off really easiley
waste of money is what I can say.
"They're great.  I have but one issue....the snuggie will twist and the opening ends up where it's placed on the ring and come off.  So I am constantly checking it.  Other than that,  my top heavy rings fit perfect and my hubby's wedding ring is more secure."
They fit but it also slips off
Absolutely great product! Comes with a variety of sizes making it easy to adjust any ring to fit your finger! Bought these specifically for my engagement ring and already found a good fit!
Good product
Came faster as I thought and it's just what I needed. Excellent!
The plastic is too thick and dense to place around the ring comfortably.
These definitely help with making a ring smaller and fit your finger but they are very uncomfortable and bulky.
"I've used this product before, and I love it.  My fingers seem to swell sometimes so I don't want to have my rings sized.  In cool weather when my fingers were not swollen I couldn't wear some of my rings.  This product solves the problem perfectly."
Nice.
I've lost over 40 lbs. and my rings were sliding all over and driving me crazy. Found these and ordered two sets. They work great !!!
I did not like these.  Not comfortable
"Met expectations
Happy"
"waste of money , is just pieces of an air hose"
They were ok...they come off but ok for temporary use
Works ok for small bands big wad on back of ring
Does not help.
These are ok. There are more comfortable options out there.
"My ring is very loose, and I didn't want to get it resized again so I bought a ring snuggie. It slips on the ring and I twist the opening to the outside. It stays on well and my ring is on nice and tight.

Great product, however it does build dirt etc. Remember to clean it from time to time."
"Only one size fit nicely, and after losing more weight I had to add tape around it to hold my ring on better. These are very helpful though."
"These work like a charm! My first engagement ring was lost years ago, so this helps since I'm a little scared to let ANY one size my ring again."
"Nice see through ring adjuster. Keeps ring from turning around on finger, and barely noticeable since it is clear. Nice also that there are various sizes of these included."
They work but a bit uncomfortable. I only use them when I absolutely have to
These didn't last long at all. I put one on my ring and within an hour it was already stretched out and no other size would fit.
"I bought these because I was props master for a musical production where several of the girls needed to wear engagement rings and our props didn't fit them. These worked fine for that purpose, but I don't think I'd want to use this with my actual rings. They're kind of bulky and unsightly and they're not super easy to get on and off the ring. If you just wanted something to keep the ring on your finger while you wait to get it resized then this might be a good option, but I wouldn't use it as a long term solution for any actual nice jewelry."
need something to make a ring small.  these a kind of bulky.  they slide around on my ring
My ring maybe a little to wide.  and I used the larger size .  Its ok but little bulky .  and than it would pop off the ring. I think it may work better on narrower ring..
I received my shipment two weeks late. The product is great quality.
"The shipping was quick and there were a lot of different sizes included. However, these are very wide from left to right which drastically changes your ring size. None of the options offer a half size tightening of a ring. I did trim one down and it worked for a week. If you're looking for something to shrink your ring size by 1 full size or more, these are perfect."
"Only good for THIN rings ,,,, not bands or thicker metals "
"Delivery was fine, so 1 star. I am unhappy with the product. The plastic ring sizers
are not stable. They would end up next to the stone-quite unattractive. Some are rectangular and of no use. None of the sizers worked on any ring of mine, & I happen to have a large selection of high quality diamond rings & other gems. I don't think I can trust them to keep the rings on. Due to illness I have lost a lot of weight, I was going to use these sizers while I gain back my weight. I could have them professionally resized, but why spend so much money just to have to do it again as I regain my health & weight? I'm sorry to give a negative report. I wouldn't want anyone's rings falling off, gone forever. Be safe & do not buy these."
I wear this at work when I type so my ring doesn't spin around.  It helps secure my ring and it is not annoying to wear.  It really solved the problem I was having.
I would have liked more smaller ones but they are just what you would expect
"Works very well for that additional ""snug"" needed for my ring to fit perfectly.  Would certainly recommence to others.  Delivery was excellent....as usual with Prime.  Thank you Amazon!!"
"Ugly, awkward and clumsy.  Difficult to install.  Near impossible to remove while on finger.&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Ring-Snuggies-The-Original-Ring-Adjusters-Assorted-Sizes/dp/B0014DGXU8/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Ring Snuggies - The Original Ring Adjusters - Assorted Sizes</a>&nbsp;Unacceptable product."
"This seemed the best solution in theory.  However the snuggies were difficult to get in place and, finally, not comfortable for me. I have small hands and that seemed to be part of the problem.  I wish the plastic was softer and more pliable as the edges were uncomfortable."
Keeps falling off my rings. Tried Different sizes and they all fall off. I hoped to like this product but I can't.
Impossible to get them on the ring.
Great worked as described
Wish they had more smaller pieces. Variety pack was ok
A waste of money.too bulky.
I bought these because I wanted my three rings to stay together and not spin around.  I was pleasantly surprised that that Ring Snuggies worked and fixed my problem. They are very easy to put on your rings and stay in place.  I don't worry about them falling off. I love how it comes with a variety of sizes for you to choose from to get the best fit. They work great and you don't even know you have it on! I recommend this product to anyone who is not ready to make a permanent change to their rings.
work great
"They serve their purpose, but there are only 2 sizes. They are very THICK, and I can't use mine for longer than 30 mins. There's nothing to decrease ring size by like half a size."
Very uncomfortable. I used a couple of these on some rings that were a little too big. It was very obvious and awkward that I had the ring Snuggie on. It was very uncomfortable and I am absolutely not impressed with this item.
Like this
Awful product. Didn't help at all. I wouldn't buy again or reccomend to anyone.
These are a helpful item for ring wearers especially if your finger size changes throughout the day. Convenient and reliable. These also arrived quickly and are inexpensive.
Great product - and so many sizes to use later! Clear see-through plastic so you can hardly see it on the inside of the fingers.
Really hoped these would work. Put one on a slightly too big ring and it popped right off. They didn't stay on for me. Very disappointed!
Worst thing I've ever purchased. Might as well have thrown 3 dollar bills in the garbage. I was expecting a softer plastic so it would at least fit decently on the ring but no..it's pretty hard and does NOT fit nice on the ring at all.
As expected reduced size 8 rings to 7.5 . Haven't had chance to wear adjusters for more than few hours.
Works great
An annoyance!
This is what we expected.
"They do not work, I have lost most of them.  They don't stay on, they fall off the ring and because it's clear, I have a difficult time finding them."
does the trick!
"Overpriced little pieces of plastic, but where else are you going to get them? Wife says they come off sometimes...more sometimes than often.  They basically do the job,  so I give them a thumb up."
Easy to use and comfortable
Snuggies are bulky and can be felt on fingers.
love the variety of sizes.  really works well. there's a size to fit all rings in the pack
Solved my problem of trying to figure out how to get a size 11 ring to stay on my size 5 finger. (I had to use three around the band to get it to stay on my finger properly.)
They're kind of big and they fall off.
Fall off when wet
bad for size 8 rings.
Very easy to put on the ring. It kept it in place very well. A little'  pinchy'.
"I was so excited to try these cuz my wedding ring was always so loose! Well not what I expected, they are to big and bulky and they alway pinched my finger, not sure that I would recommend them, maybe just recommend getting your rings resized!!"
Not the best.  After a while they became stretched and fell off. Not always comfortable.
These are far to chunky and noticable to put on a ring. I would go with the dipring to be honest.
I really thought they would work but they just cut off the circulation in my fingers
These aren't exactly what I expected. I thought I would be able to adjust for small movements in sizes but the smallest one included it for a full size too big and it makes the ring way too small. The snuggie doesn't follow the curve of the ring either so it's really uncomfortable. Will be returning.
Arrived on time. However they are hard to adjust the rings a little bit. Had to cut them down so the rings I got these for would fit
"These are TERRIBLE. You might as well just wrap tape around the back of your ring (it'll feel better than these).  And they don't accept returns (gee, wonder why). Do yourself a favor, buy Ring Noodle instead.  They're soft and curved LIKE YOUR RING.  These, on the other hand are hard as a rock and straight (why would you make them straight other than because it's cheaper)?"
"I liked these at first. The very smallest piece worked for my ring, none of the rest in the package will though. It felt weird like the head of my ring had spun around and I needed to fix it. Then it popped off a few times too. I finally bought the metal band you clamp onto the ring and love it."
inexpensive fix and comfortable to wear...especially if you do not want your antique rings ruined by cutting and sizing them..it devalues the price of the ring and you are stuck if your fingers swell or you lose weight..have used them on my entire collectable ring collection and no problems.inexpensive so before you have your jeweler start hacking your collectables try them  you will not be disappointed
"These are very uncomfortable. I tried all of the sizes, and I did not find one that was comfortable. The only reason I gave them any stars is because they do do what they are made for.&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Ring-Snuggies-The-Original-Ring-Adjusters-Assorted-Sizes/dp/B0014DGXU8/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Ring Snuggies - The Original Ring Adjusters - Assorted Sizes</a>"
these are not worth the money at all. only a few of them are good - the totally round ones are awful and most of them are too long unless you have enormous fingers. go to the jeweler and have them put little balls inside the ring. much better solution than this. i guess this would be ok in a pinch (which I why I got them).
They work great feel comfortable if you wear it 24/7 as i do you will need to replace it every couple months but it does come with a bunch so not really a problem
They work but they pop off very easily.
good.
Came quickly.  Was as expected
"Impractical. Get lost, don't work. Waste of money"
OK
necessary
They come off fairly easily and have lost half of them. I would not recommend buying these.
These didn't work for me.  You get what you pay for.
I placed the appropriate size possible on my ring and it stretched after wearing my ring a few days. May have been when I washed my hands. The warm water may have streched the plastic
They work but they give you blisters
This are very uncomfortable to wear and seem to get dirty really fast. I used one in the box and threw the rest away.
Didn't work for my wider band. The diff sizes r nice but nothing bigger. Most r just small & medium. So bummed. Really needed.
Great ring guards..I love them..thank you
"Not good, not bad, just meh...."
"Shipped very quickly & have worked very well for my women's rings. A friend had a ""to big"" mens ring though, & these did not fit. We bought clear plastic tubing from the hardware store & made one for him from that. Very happy that these worked for me & we figured out how to help with a larger ring as well!"
"Arrived promptly, good  assortment, work well."
"They work but there's a lot of downsides to it. For starters, the plastic is very rigid so it's quite difficult to put it on your ring once it's on (if you have the issue of needing an adjuster AFTER you put the ring on...I cannot use this and then slide my finger through) especially if you are using your non dominant hand. Once it is on, it does what it is intended to but it's quite large and bulky and the sensation under your finger makes it feel llke there is something constantly there. I've used them on a few rings and it's the same issue with all of them. Needless to say, I will be lookng for something less bulky and obvious."
Were perfect
Plastic is too thick and makes the ring too small. Do not recommend.
Bought for my mother.  She has been losing weight and this is perfect for her rings.
The snuggies do keep the ring in place but after awhile it get uncomfortable the plastic is too thick and hard. I wouldn't recommend it for daily wear but for special occasions where you would wear it for a couple of hours would be good.
"I decided to try these out after my school ring fell off my finger twice. The concept is good, but I didn't have luck. This pack comes with a variety of sizes, but not one of them fit on my ring. The closest in size was slightly too big in diameter, which made it uncomfortable to wear, and the next size down was slightly too small and would fall off. I found it pretty ironic that I bought ring guards I bought to prevent losing my ring, and then would lose the ring guards lol. These ultimately were just not a success for me, I've started wearing my ring on a chain until I can get it sized."
This product is too sharp and is not comfortable to wear. Would not recommend
"It is a good product, but I only needed to go down about a half-size and these are much too thick. They will size a ring a full-size smaller."
Just what I needed
Cheesy...and it falls off
"This product was made from poor quality material. I tried to return it, and I couldn't print out a return label."
Too bulky on finger
"Did not work for me.  Hard to put on and made rings impossible to get off.  Once I got one to fit it did keep the rings from turning, but I will be getting my rings soddered."
Had a selection of sizes but the plastic was really hard and uncomfortable.
We got these for my fiance's ring. He says it made things really awkward and uncomfortable.
"Very bulky and hard plastic. Made my slightly loose ring way too tight, and they're pretty long which makes them uncomfortable and difficult to get on/off."
Won't stay in the ring
Item arrived a day early and as promised.
Had a variety of sizes which fits different rings. I'm pleased with them.
I really like these ring snuggies.  Easy to use. And not on the ring permanently. I'd love to see a package with just the small gage (If that's the way to put it)... Most rings that I ware are the narrow band. But I love them just the same. Thank you for making such a good product.
"Work well, got dirty quickly and could be bulky/challenging to get on"
"Terrible. So hard to get on & off one handed. As I tried to put in on my ring myself, it flipped out of my hand. Worst part, this product is ineligible for returns. What a waste of $5."
"Was not what I was expecting, did not work for me at all"
Difficult to fasten to ring and unpleasant to wear because plastic is hard.
"The Snuggies really work. I do not care what anyone says, these things do the trick!"
"I have a couple of rings that I used to wear on my right ring finger but I wanted to wear them on my pinky fingers instead, so I purchased these so they wouldn't fall off my pinky. Well, I will be investing in the higher priced metal ones that actually resize the ring and form the curve. These do not flex well when wearing them and they literally go straight across. I figured, because of the material, that they would form to my finger... maybe flex a little... NOT AT ALL! They flatten out my finger so it looks like the bottom of my finger is a fat flat flab on my hand!!! They're cheap enough, but I still wouldn't recommend wasting the money on them. I'm going to buy the ones that are $10 a piece and let y'all know how they are!!"
need more small ones
This item works good
a little bulky.
Perfect different sizes
I just received these today. I put one on my ring and it already fell off.
They hurt and it did not have the different sizes.
Excellent product and service
Just what I thought it would be
Their alittle big i can feel it on my hand and it gets in the way
Ended up being kind of bulky for me.  I don't really use them often.
Came in handy for my husband since his wedding band was a little too big! Works great!
"Product will help your ring fit, but it's uncomfortable to wear on a regular basis"
IT WORKS
"Having recently lost weight, I found that my wedding ring and my pinkie ring were both too wide; I was reluctant to wear them, as I feared losing them. The Snuggies adjusters did the job perfectly; my rings now fit snugly on my fingers and are in no danger of sliding off. A far simpler and cheaper solution than having the rings re-sized!"
Kept my rings from turning around my fingers. Just had to get used to NOT having to keep turning my rings around now. Happy about that though.
To bulky
"Not like them, money wasted!!!!!"
Very disappointed. This product would not stay attached to my rings.
"Perfect! In fact, I'm wearing it now."
Uncomfortable. Abandoned them.
They don't work as well as I thought they would but good enough for a ring you where once in a while
"The plastic tubes come in a pack of various sizes.  it should fit most rings from large to small.
The instructions say to put the snuggy/snuggie on after you have the ring on.  I found it easier to take off the ring then put on the snuggy.  They hold the ring tightly.
Here are the problems that I had with it.  First, the ends of the tubes are sharp.  The need to be filed down so they don't irritate the fingers.  Second, if you use bar soap in the bath, the soap will become caked around the snuggy.  Either you have to remove your ring to shower or spend a minute cleaning it after each shower.
I was irritated with these issues, so I removed it.  I only had a problem of my ring flying off when I was exercising, so I put it back on only then.  The rest of the time I snuggled it to my key ring.  Eventually it fell of that and got lost.  The other tubes aren't the same size so I can't use them now."
keep popping off
Hard to fit properly on my ring and uncomfortable to wear. I bought another type/brand of sizer that is more of a spiral and LOVE it.
The packet arrived sooner than I expected and I'm already using its contents.
Works!
Finally got a hold of these ring sizers and they work wonderfully. Thank you
Don't waste your money
Helps me not lose my rings.
Item fits uncomfortable . Hard rubber plastic.
"They take some getting used to because you can feel the bulge on the underside of your finger. It isn't the fault of the product though, the photos were very clear it's just that I didn't take it into consideration.  You can be sure I'm still going to use them so I'll stop whining."
"Hated this thing.  Hard plastic,  rubbed my finger in an uncomfortable way, took it off after an hour.  Better off to use a piece of yarn. Wouldn't buy again."
"You cannot use these with rings that are too thick because the plastic won't fit all the way around the ring. That said, these work VERY well with the majority of my rings. I had several that were too loose on me and this fixed the problem right up."
Absolutely no value it's like a strong cut in pieces and cut in the head to come across with a ring is absolutely no beauty no value no nothing but I guess you get what you pay for an absolutely nothing
"Useless, probably they work for wide band rings!?"
"Too bulky, didn't work. Not comfortable. Sorry I bought them. Will resize ring."
"They work great, and love the variety of sizes that are available."
Pretty expensive for a few bits of plastic.
"I ordered this pack to help the two rings I wear to fit a bit more snugly after losing some weight. They are OK, but you only get one of each size. There are some HUGE ones in the package and only 2 that are smaller. Was only able to use one. Comfortable to wear ... I just wish I had known I needed 2 packages."
"The product does what it is supposed to do, but I wish there were a few multiples of the same sizes of the snuggies in case you lose one, or at least an option to purchase just one size. Most of the other sizes in the package won't be used by me so it feels like a waste. The one size I do use seems to fit fine, makes the ring snugger. If you use bar soap, you will get soap inside of it, but that's not a big deal. It has fallen off a few times, in fact I can't find the smaller sized one I was using orignally and although the next size up does the same job, it feels funny on my hand. Something to get used to I suppose."
These really helped.. are comfortable..affordable and make my ring truly adjustable
I got engaged and my ring was a half a size too big. I ordered these and they were perfect. Obviously got more than I needed but did its job and kept my ring tight until I was able to get it sized.
I have been losing weight and my wedding ring is now loose. I still want to wear my ring and I can't afford to get it re-sized right now. I bought this product in hopes that it would work until I can get to my ideal weight and save enough money to afford the re-size. So far I have not had any issued with this product and am impressed with this item.
Used these years ago and happy to find again. Works just as good as they did back then!
They work pretty well. Some times they work their way around front and you have to readjust. But it is a quick and inexpensive solution.
Great
My Ring Snuggies were shipped very quickly and work great!
GREAT
Hard to put on one handed. Directions say to put on while wearing the ring. Didn't end up using them.
Very uncomfortable. Was expecting a little less rigid plastic. I didn't like noticing it was there and you couldn't help feeling it. After a few minutes I couldn't stand it any longer and removed it. This was using the smallest ring adjuster in the package. A softer tubing that could mold around the ring base would have made this perfect. Disappointed to say the least. Don't waste your money.
Very uncomfortable and too thick
Reliable performance as expected.
Ended up getting rings that were way too big to wear on any fingers. Friend recommended these type of things and they did actually help. The different sizes of the snuggles helped with the different bands of rings I had.
Works fine
It popped off my ring immediately after putting it on.
Did not work on my rings. Never was able to use them. Nice idea though if it works
These guards never stay in place. My husband won't wear the guard on his ring.
"It was exactly what I wanted and was delivered on time, as listed."
"Comes in a pack of various sizes, the bigger ones are bulky."
Skip it! To big and bulky to wear for long :-/
Work okay.
The snuggies keep sliding from side to side.
"2 stars for the variety of shapes and sizes. But NONE of them helped size-up my simple gold regularly shaped gold perfectly circular ring. ??? ALL of them fell off after a few minutes' wear and we're lost or found on floor. The sizes, not the ring, thankfully!"
Absolutely was NOT worth the money....very disappointed....can't even use them
"Good product, works as advertised. Four stars instead of five because even the biggest size doesn't close around my (male) wedding ring. The ring is big - probably 10 or 11 mm - but most male rings I see are roughly the same width, so I think it's reasonable to expect that a product advertising ""fits most ring sizes"" should fit mine well. However, the biggest snuggie *does* fit on my ring, it just doesn't close all the way. I wear it with the gap outside so it doesn't rub and irritate my finger, and I have to be careful not to scratch whatever surface I'm touching (not really a big deal once you're used to it). The snuggie does indeed keep my somewhat-loose ring comfortably-tight on my finger."
These are a joke. Don't waste your money...
"In my 1st order of these there was 24 pieces, in this set only 6."
It took me awhile to figure out how to get the ring snuggies on my rings but once I got them on I was very happy with them.  They keep my rings from turning on my fingers which really annoyed me.  Now my rings fit perfectly and feel very comfortable.  They are so much better than the other ring guards I tried.  I will probably buy more.
"One hour and it had fallen off the ring... Gone forever.  Tried again, same result.  Waste of money"
They came off too easily
Makes rings fit well.
"I hated this, product, but guess i paid for what i got, never will i ever purchase this again.. hated it!!!"
These feel very bulky and irritating.  They do the job to keep your ring in place.  I thought about returning but then saw that these are packaged by disabled adults and for $5 I'd rather let them keep the money.  I will try another brand.  Update:  These are absolute junk!  And FYI they don't offer returns so DO NOT BUY!
Still need to know if only the large snuggie can be purchased.
Popped off too easy.
These work great and really aren't that uncomfortable.
didn't actually use these. i put one on my ring for about 5 minutes and it came right back off and into the trash
not too comfortable and slightly hard to put on.
"These plastic small tube -noodle type, different sized short tiny tubes are slit and can fit on your rings that roll around your finger because the rings are too big. It is an inexpensive way to size your rings. They can also be used temporarily and do not hurt the rings. I wore them on two rings as instructed. The plastic little tubes wanted to stay on the palm side of my hands and became annoying, which is why people buy the sizers to begin with. Too large rings flop around are are annoying, also. My good solution was to find the smallest ""noodle "" that worked and set it on a piece of curled scotch tape, and cut in half with an x-acto blade or mat knife. That made the tubes not as wide. Now they fit more toward the front of both rings, closer to the front of my hand and I cannot feel them. Follow the directions to open and slip the ""cut vertically short tube"" onto your ring as you turn the plain back of the ring to the top of your hand, while wearing the ring. Move the little clear tubes around to the front or side of the ring and it feels better and will work.  The rings do not slip and slide any more. No one will notice the tiny ,clean tubes, close to the front or to the side of your finger. Use the smallest one that will work. FIND A CLEAR BAG TO PUT THE PLASTIC PIECES IN because they are easy to lose."
A+++
"These are not as effective as they look. I ordered the Ring Snuggies to keep my ring from turning. Unfortunately, as soon as I put my ring on my finger with this wrapped around it the adjuster pops of of the ring."
Ok
"Can't say that I liked these. They were extremely difficult to get on the ring while I was wearing it (the fact that it was a wide band probably didn't help). When I finally did get it on, it was so tight that it immediately cut off circulation to that finger, and then I had to wrestle it off. I only needed something to make the band a little thicker; this was way too thick & not easy to use. I ended up cutting a short piece of rubber band, wrapping it around the ring, and supergluing the rubber band to itself (not to the ring). Not the prettiest fix, but it works for now."
Work just ok!
Had to use smallest snuggie to fit my finger.  There is a gap due to my ring size.
Perfect for my ring until I got get it re-sized. These are clear so they aren't too noticeable and they didn't bother my finger when worn. Easy to slip on and take off if needed. I would buy again.
they were good but I cant wear them they are uncomfortable
4 stars only because I would have preferred the option to buy just the small individual size that only 3 come in the set. The bigger snuggles will not be of use to me. The price was great for an alternative until I get my ring adjusted to my size
These totally didn't work for me because my ring is only a little too big - these would only work if your ring is a full size too big - the plastic ring is bulky.
"They are easy to install......however, they do not remain secure on the ring."
"Good, but not perfect. However, does what I need it to do."
It works
These are OK but they didn't work for my wedding ring set.  They probably  would be fine for a single ring.
"They are a little large, and feel awkward. You might be able to get used to it, but they are bulky."
Great product and seller
"i don't think these work. not comfy, just inconvenient. Might work for some people with certain issues, but not for me."
Does its job.  Bulky and can feel it on my finger bad.  Slips off sometimes.
"I bought this to keep my ring from turning.

PROS
- It DOES keep your ring from turning if you don't want to size it down because the ring would then not fit over your knuckle.
- I like that you put it on AFTER you put the ring on so the ring then fits snug and doesn't turn.
- I found the tip to warm it up first to make the plastic soft helps with putting it on.

CONS
- You can see it and it looks a little bulky in the palm of your hand, but that didn't really bother me.
- It can be difficult to put on - warm it up first with a hairdryer or hot water.
- They do stretch out after about a month of wear and will go flying off your ring. I've lost a few so now I have backups."
My fiancee is extremely petite and it is hard to get rings to sit upward let alone stay on her finger! This product works and it is much more comfortable than the quick metal fix you get from the jeweler.
"Product as described and delivered very quickly. The snuggie sometimes pops-out from inside the ring, so it is not a perfect solution, but if your ring swings around all the time then this definitely helps!"
"These were a lot thicker than I expected them to be. For someone who needs to make their ring at least a size and a half smaller these would work, but anything less than that would be tight"
Work perfectly
"They surprised me just what I wanted, big ones and small ones. Secure feeling."
absolutely worthless I would not buy this product again!
it is so fat I had to take it off
"My fiance proposed to me the day before new years. She bought the size I told her I was but in the last few months I've lost over 20 pounds. So, my ring was a bit loose but I wouldn't take it off. Until, one day I was throwing trash into a garbage bag. Felt this weird feeling, my ring was gone! I dig it out the trash and the next day order these. The assorted sizes are great. At first I used the smallest one within 5 minutes it popped off. Then I put the next to smallest one on there and it fit great. I put it on my ring then put my ring on."
"While these do keep your ring on your finger,  you are constantly having to readjust the ""snuggie"". It's forever sliding around and sometimes ends up by the top of my ring.  Very obnoxious! Fixes the main issue but comes with a lot of frustration."
Need this for any loose fitting rings.
I found these uncomfortable to use as they seemed to fat when placed on ring. Ended up throwing them away.
"What a joke. They come off every time you take off your rings,they will not stay in place. A waste of money,go get em sized at the jewelers the right way"
These came with a lot of different sizes which was nice. However if you use them a lot they wear out quickly and fall off easily. I used them for a ring that I didn't want to get resized. But the snuggle that fit best fell off after a couple uses and fell down the drain! So they are useful for limited time use but not a good long term solution.
"Unhappy, they do not work for me."
THIS ITEM DID NOT WORK FOR ME. WAS NOT WHAT I WAS LOOKING FOR.
"It's okay. They fall off. I got them yesterday and already lost 2 of them. They work short term, eventually I will need to get my ring resized the correct way."
these are perfect they are assorted sizes product arrived very quickly
I don't know what I expected but these did Jerome ring from turning and sliding but it was super uncomfortable and I wound up just tossing it
This is just what I hoped it would be.  Thank you1
"These are okay. They seem to fit the purpose. The main problem with them is that after a little bit of time, you'll just remove them or wind up with them constantly pinching your finger. A well fitted ring is definitely much more preferable."
They do the job. But I found them pretty painful after some time
They work great and got to me quick!
"Product arrived safely, in good condition & I got it quicker than promised. I have used these ring snuggies before with great success. When I get them on a ring, I put a small piece of clear tape on it so they won't come off. Works like a charm :-)"
I like this product but it is hard to get used to the sensation of a new thing on your ring on the underside of your finger.
"Although this product works ( I almost lost my ring ) , it feels quite annoying"
"Bought these for my wife because her fingers swell due to a medical condition so she buys her ring a size bigger. She found them a bit uncomfortable at first but she got use to them to the point where she didn't even feel them on. After a month or so though, they started to open up and fall off the rings, which resulted in the loss of one of her favorite rings. I wouldn't recommend using these with an expensive ring."
"Not happy with these ring snuggies. Directions say to put it on ring once on your finger, a little difficult to do it that way and won't go over your knuckle if you put it on ring prior to putting ring on finger.  You may have to work it to soften them, very stiff. Threw them away and ordered a different type."
I guess these are better than nothing.
They work could be more comfortable
"Can't beat it for the price and ease of use. My knuckles are swollen with arthritis, so I have to wear an oversized ring. I've been using a Bandaid--not ideal, because it holds water and looks tacky. Or I could pay a jeweler $500 to put a Fingermate device on my ring. Not much of a choice. So I ordered these little plastic Snuggies, and frankly, I love them. They don't hold water, they're easy to slip on and off but they stay on the ring when they need to, and they're comfortable. Also, they're made of clear plastic so they're not real noticeable. Grateful for a cheap and comfortable fix to my ring problem."
"Had hoped this would solve ""winter ring roll.""  Too hard to get on, uncomfortable when wearing and then the thing pops off and clear plastic is hard (or impossible) to find."
the ring snuggies did not seem to stay on the rings and continuously pinch.
"In 2014, I got engaged.  By the end of 2015, I had lost almost 80 pounds.  Though this was a great accomplishment, it left me with a gorgeous engagement ring that just would not stay on my finger anymore!  I am hesitant to get it resized until I stop losing weight so I decided to try these Ring Snuggies.  They work really well and they come in assorted sizes so you can find one that fits pretty much any band size.

To use the Ring Snuggies, you just put your ring on as usual and slip the adjuster onto the bottom of the band.  They are transparent and are hidden from view since they are on the inside of your hand.  Before I used these, I was concerned that the adjuster would take away from the appearance of my ring and look ugly and bulky.  In reality, you are the only one who can tell that it is there.

You should know that occasionally the adjuster turns on your band if you do a lot with your hands during the day.  Just check sometimes to make sure that it hasn't fallen off.  Since they are so transparent, they can be difficult to find once they slip off. It has only happened to me once or twice so it's not a major concern.  I also want to mention that they are comfortable to wear.  I was concerned about how it might feel to have a piece of hard plastic wedged between my ring and my skin, but once you get used to it you won't even notice that it is there. I would recommend this to people who have lost weight recently but do not want to or cannot get their ring resized."
I felt these were too large to be comfortable - even the more selnder/smaller ones in there.  Too distracting for me.  IT is s a great idea but didn't work for me
"These seem to pop off easily for me sometimes, and are somewhat uncomfortable. But they do work."
"no good, my rings still moves around and then I can't get the rings off. I would not buy this again."
"Like the idea of the product however, the pieces came in sizes, many of which could not be used. The ones that could be used, broke or fell off after about a months use."
"I have a ring that is too big and was supposed to be sized.  It wasn't sized correctly so until I can get it sized correctly, I bought these.  There are different sizes and one fits but you can tell there is something on your ring.  It bothers me a little but I really like my ring so until I get it sized, these will do."
"I am very pleased. It shipped fast and the price is good.
They work great. I needed something for my ring, when it is colder or I have lotion on my hands I didn't want it to slip off.
I also didn't want a permanent ring guard.
Would recommend this product.
Jan"
awesome!!!!
"I agree with some of the other purchasers this item is a temporary fix. Ring should be sized she can.
The Snuggie is too thick for a fine ring."
Too large to use effectively.
Great product definitely keeps my ring on ! :)
they work great and have enough variety for the different ring styles.
Product only works if the ring is significantly larger than you wear. Even the smallest of the snuggles makes a ring many sizes larger. Do not buy if you only need to temporarily snug up a ring that is a size larger than needed. I very quickly realized that this product was both overpriced and unusable.
"I thought this would be softer rubber, they are clear as shown but the plastic isn't very soft so they are not as comfortable as they could be. Pros: different sizes for easy ring snugging. Cons, hard plastic not comfortable."
"these are useless.  Hard plastic which scratches.  Lost two of them, fell off the ring, within the first day.  Not worth the purchase price."
Used this on my wedding and engagement ring (together).  It worked for a day. After that the rings move.  You have to position them often.  Better than rings constantly moving but DEFINATELY does not sold the problem
Just what I needed.
Great Product
"too bulky, and they fall off"
they work and I am satisfied with them
GREAT HELP
I love this ring snuggies!
Needed this!
Works great!
Thank you
great product
They don't work. They don't stay on the ring. They popped off every time I would dry my hands.
I  hate these ring adjusters. They make the ring turn all the way around your finger.  It does not stay on the ring either
Just what I needed to help a big ring stay on. I like that they came in a variety of sizes so I could choose what worked best.
These were just what I was looking for after losing 60 lbs I was wearing different cheap rings instead of my wedding ring. My husband didn't like that.  So I ordered these and I can wear my wedding ring again
nice
"two of the snuggies fit my ring, lost the first after a few days wearing it. put the second on and that one fell off somewhere also......"
"Work well, especially when fingers swell."
"odd sizes, doesn't work with a lot of rings, large flat ones, uncomfortable"
works fine!!!!!
"These came in a pack of multiple sizes, and had one to fit my thick ring, and even one bigger than that, so I appreciated the options. The only downside was the plastic gave me a bad callous/sore at the base of my finger. It would have been nice if the edges were rounded instead of square to avoid the sores."
"Bought these to use on my engagement ring which belonged to my fianc&eacute;'s (now husband's) great grandmother.  We were opposed to resizing it because it is meant to be passed down and I have fairly small sized fingers.  I would say though, that these things are not a great solution.  They are extremely uncomfortable and they tend to come off and are often lost.  I have used quite a few of these and I'm nearly done with the pack.  I understand why they're so cheap now.  I'd return them if it wasn't such a hassle.  Oh well, the best I can do is spread the news & leave a bad review."
"fit great,love it."
"Very easy to put on and adjust ring size.
I used the smallest one and it did the trick!
It's also pretty comfortable too!"
Awful! They said different sizes but it doesn't mean you can adjust it a little or a lot it's all one size adjustment  just for didn't size bands and makes my ring too tight! Plus you can't return then
They are very comfortable to wear.
They do 'show' more than the 'ring magic' but they are so much more durable and dependable (when you don't want to lose a ring). They are also a bit snug if  you don't get the right size so best to order a bunch with several sizes to try.
"Worthless product, and the seller doesn't offer returns so it is basically a scam.  The thickness of even the smallest gauge of the six ""various"" sizes is much thicker than the images on the listing or the drawn depiction on the packaging.  So your ring has to be SIZES too big for these to even work.  The plastic is too stiff to be comfortable and has hard edges on either end that pinch and dig into your skin.  It would have been so easy to make this a much better product."
Save your time and money.  These are absolutely worthless.  They don't stay on the ring and are made from vinyl tubing that you can easily buy at the hardware store and make yourself.  In fact most hardware stores will snip off a little piece for free to try out.  Most importantly I don't think vinyl tubing is a good way to go at all.  Try some other method.
very  helpful
These were a complete waste of money.  Did not work AT ALL.  They arrived in a reasonable amount of time packaged nicely but did nothing for my over sized ring issue.  Plus they are thick plastic and therefore incredibly impractical and uncomfortable.  Not even a good temporary fix.
good
Item as described.
Works well!
"Not the most comfortable solution, but it was an inexpensive ring and I don't want to spend $$ to get it sized."
Works great!
Great
Works but comes falls off.
They fall off very easily if you do much of anything.
does exactly what it should and is a LOT less than getting ring re-sized
They come off ring easy.
"The asorted sizes are great for different rings you just have to add the right adjuster to the right ring band size.
I created a ring snuggies out of rubber plastic from a pencil  grip band...burning the pieces shut it was similar to how the snuggies are made since I literally ordered these before and lost them.. but am reordering again for the asorted sizes which are good..because not all rings are the same width and its hard finding size 4 but its an adjustment getting use to the feeling but if it's uncomfortable just use these as a temporary solution until it's resized by a jeweler.."
They're definitely not invisible and are a bit cumbersome and uncomfortable to wear -- your best bet is just to get your ring sized by a professional jeweler.
"I WORE THEM ON 2 DIFFERENT RINGS AND LOST BOTH ADJUSTERS,"
Perfect
"I picked these up at Walmart for less than $2.  I smashed my finger and needed to get my ring resized two sizes larger to get over my knuckle.  Once over my knuckle, the ring was loose.  The jeweler recommended sizing beads.

Ring Snuggies keep the ring much more secure while on the finger.  I just used the largest one.  Simple, inexpensive solution.

Another benefit is I used to take my ring off at the gym.  The plastic protects the ring from being scratched by knurling on the barbells."
"In theory these are a good idea, but in reality they're kind of the worst. Granted, it could be because finger sizes vary, but this product didn't come with enough variations in size to produce a snug fit as the name would suggest."
These do not work well at all. Very painful to wear.  Also beware they will not allow you to return them.
A bit uncomfortable
They're so big that they interfere with normal every day use and are extremely uncomfortable. I tried every size in the box and none worked. Waste of money.
"It is very very hard to put the plastic shortened on when it is on your finger, I would go so far to say it is impossible without"
"This worked great but was a ""little"" thick for my pinky ring.  However, I plan to order more for other rings.  Thanks."
Did not like at all.
"The idea is a good one, howerver, the tube ends are sharp, and very uncomfortable. It catches on everything. Like having a pencil attached to the ring."
"I suppose they do the job they are meant for, but they're terribly uncomfortable and bulky against your finger/palm."
Is just little tygon tubes. The slits kept poking me. Stopped using them.
The concept is okay but my rings still slip and turn on my finger.  I only use these when I'm wearing a costume type ring.
these have to fig snugly or else they fall off
Work great
"My engagement ring is a 7 instead of a 6 1/4, and we've been so busy that I haven't been able to get to a jeweler to resize it, so I figured that these would be a good temporary fix. There were a few different sizes, but unless the ring is three sizes to large, I don't know how they would actually fit.

I choose the smallest size snuggie and while it definitely does the job, I've already had one of them fall off without me realizing it until it was already gone. The current one has stayed in place and I'm hoping that it continues to hang in there until I make it to the jeweler!"
These suck. I found that as I did everyday tasks the snuggy would come off the ring. Making the ring loose and almost lost. No idea how when or where it came off. But twice was enough I won't use them now.
I've only used one but it fell off and got lost. Maybe I used the wrong size.
Workswell
Love these. Usually hard to find. Keeps your too big ofor rings snug. Good fit. Seller great!!! Delivery prompt. 5 stars!!
Can't keep it on the ring. Actually thinking of using super glue to seal the split after getting it on the ring.
This is worth the money
"Great product,fast shipping"
Very happy with these-- lost one when drying my hands but didn't realize it right away--- my own fault--- bought 2 pkgs just for that reason!!!! They are great!!!!!!!!!!
"Would work fine 4 a ladies ring, but not for a man's ring."
They don't work very accurately
This package was delivered late and was delivered to my neighbour ... item is a bit bulky which is fine with me coz it helps my rings from moving from left to right or falling off my finger .
falls off ring
"Bulky, doesn't stay on the ring at all."
"These snuggies are a bit more conspicuous than I thought they would be.  So I will keep them but, I need something a little smaller I work with my hands holding tools and these would get in the way."
"I'm surprised by the somewhat mixed reviews for this very valuable product.. I lost a great deal of weight, which made my wedding ring loose. I had two choices. I could get the ring resized, which would mean cutting out a portion of the gold, which the ring-cutter gets to keep while I pay for the privilege. Or I could buy ring snuggies. I chose the latter. $2.88 at Wal-Mart. (Odd how the price is jacked-up online.)

Only one snuggie fit my ring, but so what? It's worth $2.88. So I bought the snuggies. This was 2011.

Now, after about four years the snuggie started to flatten, so I just went back to Wal-Mart and bought another package. This time I bought two. An eight year's supply! Makes the ring fit fine. Maybe I should have bought more, but I'm superstitious."
When I first got these I didn't see why there was a hype.  they made my ring to tight.  I have to say wear them for a little while and the plastic will start to loosen.  it is tuff and I know now that is why it didn't want to work with me.  I have it on my ring and it fits perfectly now.
"Great idea, am using one but am having to ""glue"" it on with nail polish as it moves around a lot. It is hard to get on AFTER you have the ring on. I struggle with it on the ring already to put the ring on. You must keep the slit on the up palm side away from the ring or it will work off the ring.
I would probably buy them again as the larger, wider ones I don't need and the smaller ones were not as many as I needed."
"work, but are large and catch soap and lotion."
worked perfect.  so glad I bought them
"I am so glad I bought these! I am in the process of losing weight so I don't want to size my wedding set until I'm closer to my goal weight, but I still want to wear my wedding rings. These are the perfect solution. I love that there are multiple size pieces so I can wear all 3 bands and not worry about them falling off, or even spinning. They are very comfortable and don't take long to get used to. I feel secure wearing them and know that my rings are safe on my finger."
"After a month or two of use, the plastic ring started picking up junk. I'm not sure why, but I mainly kept it on while washing my hands and would take it off at night to sleep, and it still looked gross. So much for anti-bacterial. The plastic comes in a variety of shapes, I eventually went with the biggest one as I have pretty skinny fingers and my wife used the smaller one. They work really well when you find a shape that fits, but it adds a very visible and tactile extrusion to the ring.

While wearing it, you feel the plastic snag on things and it made me more likely to fidget with it, cause the plastic to loosen and often fall off. These are good, but I'd rather have something that goes inside of the ring, instead of sticking out of the ring, but that is on my part to research. These did what they are supposed to do, aside from the anti-bacterial part."
not what I expected
This product is cool and works for people who are hesitant  to have their ring sized properly.
"They do not fit the ring I ordered them for. They spilled all over the floor when I got them, due to a defect in the bag that accompanies them, and my cat almost ate one!!"
"I purchased these for my husband and his ring was a bit too large, to wear for the wedding before we could take his ring to get sized. Husband did not like the feel of the snuggie - it was either too thick or too short for his ring, which is a basic 5mm platinum band."
Bought these for my wife for her new ring.  She used other to replace the metal ring sizers she had on other rings.
Exactly what I was looking for> Came as promised. Good product!!!!
hate them they don't stay on
"I wasn't happy with this product, it kept falling off the rings and are uncomfortable"
They fall off too easy.
These are too thick to be useful. They feel intrusive and uncomfortable. I threw them out and paid $35 to have the ring properly resized.
Got these for my husband because his wedding band is loose and they work really well. Great price and quality.
They came in many sizes and I found the one that fit perfectly. thanks!
My wife bought these as her ring was too big to wear on her finger anymore. She tried multiple sizes of and found them all extremely uncomfortable. The best fitting one she could only stand to wear for about 24 hours before she took it off in frustration.
"The smaller sizes are more difficult to physically put ON the ring, and the size I could fit feels alright for a while...but after a full day, I found the larger one to be too big."
"These are bulky and awkward.  They rub against your mouse and twist your ring.  The sizes are way too big for most women's rings, and the big ones split apart when you open them a little to put them on.  It also says it stops a ring from twisting--they are way too big for that!  If your ring is only a little too big, then these cut your circulation off!  Don't waste your money.  I don't know what might work better, but even tape is better than these!"
Bought it for my wife and they kept coming off to much trouble to use..
Item was received on time but is just OK.  Does not always stay on ring.
"It does keep the ring from falling off your hand, but ring is free to spin around upside down."
"I was left my grandmother's ring and it was a bit too big for my finger.  I wanted to replace the bandaid she had used to adjust the size and this product looked like it would do the trick.  Unfortunately, I have tried two different sizes, only to have them come off on their own.  The first time I caught it but the second it came off without my knowledge.  Thank goodness my ring did not fall off as well.  Not happy with this item.  Make sure you don't have the same problem if you use them."
"Very ridged, not comfortable to wear."
Awful product. Not long enough and irritate my finger. Not worth the money spent. A cheap piece of rubber with a slit in it..
very positive purchase all the way around. Thank you:)
"These are extremely uncomfortable. The pack comes with a variety of sizes, but I don't see how any of them would comfortably or functionally fit. I wore mine for half a day, and lotion kept getting stuck in it. It did not keep the ring in place, and they were extremely hard to initially wrap around the ring and put on. I do not suggest."
"I proposed at Disney World and I wanted my betrothed to be able to wear her new ring without it falling off. I got the ring a little too big and planned to slip one of these on it to make it stay on her finger. The different sizes in this package are not to make a perfect fit but rather to fit different shapes of rings. so no matter what shape ring, you will be able to make it tighter. unless you are a big ring collector only one piece in this package will be of use."
"I have used these before and I love them. They are clear PVC so they don't turn your fingers and aren't very visible. This set of assorted sizers allowed me to""clip"" together two rings; making the ring fit better and, as a bonus, keeps them from rolling around on my finger. As one reviewer already stated, if the sizer is too long it's simple enough to cut. I don't mind using these long term, but I can see how someone would probably only want to use it for a temporary fix."
They're a little annoying but they get the job done. They seem to wear out a little after a month or two so they aren't a permanent fix.
Exactly what I was expecting
A little uncomfortable but okay.
Perfect for rings that are just too big! Comes in an assortment of sizes so they're sure to fit any ring you may have no matter how big. Would buy again if ever needed!
Did not work at all. Wish I would not of wasted the money
It's comfortable!
"good seller, fair price, fast delivery--ok, but these keep slipping off the rings"
These don't work.
I didn't use any of these. They are way too thick and didn't stay in place and became more of a pain in the butt than having a ring that is too big on. Complete waste of money.
"they do adjust the ring size, but they are uncomfortable."
Terrible product. Complete waste of money.
Not comfortable
"OK, not great.  Was looking for Great."
"There was not a snuggie in this package that was a small enough diameter to fit the band of my ring. I tried the smallest of the pack but it just rolled off my ring every time I used my hand. This item was not returnable, so it was money down the drain."
May fit rings with very thin bands but did not fit my rings.
"These ring snuggies would be perfect if you have a ring that is a full size too big. They don't really work well with rings that are slightly loose. These do not work well with wedding sets, at all. Good price, fast shipping."
"these work but they are easy to loose, but that's just me"
cheap don't waste your time or money
Great cheap fix
"They work but are not very comfortable, couldn't get one to fit exactly right. I don't wear it all the timed, too uncomfortable."
my this worked well for my 8yr old b/c her ring was too large
"Fell off the first time I wore it....ultimately a good design, my hands are way too busy for this type of ring sizer. My search continues."
It is a horrible product and takes for ever to get on wrist. And the little prongs on the wrist never stay all the way in
"The first time I used three of them I lost them within a hour, as they are so hard they come off rings and you lose them. They are not worth
the money I paid for them. John"
comes in handy.....
"uncomfortable, clunky, and nothing more than a very temporary fix."
Very good for the fit I needed.
Great.
Not worth buying. Have your ring sized instead.
"Perfect-just as described. This one seemed like the best value for the price and what you get. It included many different sizes and types which I didn't think I would use but I have used them over time for costume jewelry, etc. Mainly I bought for my engagement ring which fits a little loose in the winter and just right in the summer. It also allows me to keep it snug so the stone sits upright nicely. There are several in the package which are just ""traditional"" snuggies which work for my engagement ring."
"Only the small size fit. The other 2 sizes were worthless. The guard popped off within hours of wearing it. Since the guard is small and clear, I could not find it when it fell and rolled on the floor. I ended up going to a jeweler who installed a metal guard for $5.00 that works fine."
I like them and they do the job but you can't wear your rings 24 hrs a day. This will cause the snuggie's opening to become wider. Overall it's a great idea and they get the job done. My rings fit perfect and the fact that they're available in different sizes is even better. Also try to remember you're wearing them because I've scratched my face with them before.
Don't waste your money!
uncomfortable and difficult to place
"I have very sensitive skin and it gave me a rash between my fingers because you have to coil it on your ring and it held in body heat on my finger, which caused the rash."
To thick
"I have large knuckles and small fingers. My profession requires delicate and nimble hands and my wedding ring twisting around and wobbling about was interfering. I was hoping for an unobtrusive, comfortable solution with the Ring Snuggie but found even the small size was too bulky.  I desperately wanted this to work, but found the bulk it added to the ring just did not make it worth it."
Basic plastic ring band you can buy cheaper at Walmart for the same thing but they worked as described.  I had to cut in half thought
not too good they keep falling off my rings
not what i expected but they work okay.
"These are worthless.  They don't go on very easily, but sure pop off with no problem.  They are not comfortable to wear either."
"Well they work great as far as sizing down my ring so that it fit, the problem is that they don't stay on. I lost two of them and so I am ordering a different product."
Received them super fast.  But not exactly comfortable.  No big deal.  You get what you pay for.
"not worth buying, keep falling off!!"
perfect I gave these to a 90 year old mom
Great !!  Works !!  Better then getting them resized !! Great money saver !! Came Very  Fast !!!
"It's a good temporary fix. They hold a lot of moisture around the ring. I'm a bedside nurse, so it's not safe from an infection spreading prevention standpoint. It's safer for when I lift weights, however. The gold band is well protected."
"The item is fine. I do recommend them. It works and it serves its purpose very well, but I had to pay 7 x as much for the post and packing!!! I only found out the cost of the post and packing after I had paid. I wish to buy a few more of ring snuggies but the P&P are far too expensive, not double the price, but 7 x the price of the ring snuggies."
As expected
"Works great.  Bigger ones are a little uncomfortable but for my wife's small rings, they work well."
"easy to use. I have to remove it to take the ring off, but that's easy to do."
Cheaply made and they are waaaaaaaaaaayyyyy to easy to loose. Literally lost every single size in this set. Another mention is they get dirty and super stiff with any use. You clearly can make them out anytime you open your hand. Disappointing purchase!
Ring adjusters did not work the way I expected.  My ring continued to turn.
Falls off too easily!
not as snug. big and clunky
I second the reviewer that said bulky and uncomfortably sharp edged.  Felt like having a wart in at the base of my finger.  The sharp edges scratched my face when putting on moisterizer.  And it finally popped off somewhere.  A complete waste of money even though it was cheap.  How would it be to make the outer surface shaved down smaller than the inner sizing surface and the ends rounded?  Would not recommend unless you want to have a worry rock at the base of your finger.  :-(
"These are great, but I wish I would have shopped around a bit more. I found these at walmart for $2.. oh well."
They're what was described.
This is an excellent product. It is so comfortable that sometimes I forget that I am wearing the ring snuggie. :-)
These are not comfortable.
Doesn't fit my ring. And costs more to ship it back then to just keep the useless product
Way bigger than what I was expecting.
Made wearing my engagement ring that was 2 sizes too big okay for a couple weeks until I was ready to part with it to get it re-sized.
"Some days, I really need these SNUGGIES to securely wear some of my rings.  If your hands swell occasionally, the rings might fit well, and other days, these are indispensable to secure the rings my mother left to me -- her fingers were so much smaller than mine.  I've lost 3 favorite pinkie rings over the years, just because I didn't take this extra precaution.  I rely on my Snuggies to resize a fashion ring that I bought for my thumb, index or middle finger so I can wear it comfortably/safely on your my finger.  Now, how smart is that?!"
They are super loose so they come off the ring very easily. Not sturdy at all.
"I've tried many other products.. Metal clasps (which left scratches and marks on my rings), sponge-like adjusters.. You name it I tried it.  I tried this thinking it would help and unfortunately it didn't.  While it helped temporarily, the Ring Snuggie slid back and forth on Ming and my ring continued to twist around my finger.  To top it off, the Ring Snuggie came off my ring randomly one day without me even knowing.  I won't recommend this product as I think it is another one of those cheap scams.."
The ring snuggies popped off after one day wearing and it is uncomfortable.
These were so thick i couldn't wear them in my engagement ring. They should have a variety of sizes. Great if your ring is several sizes too big.
"These little son of a guns are painful to wear.  I would NOT recommend them to ANYONE.  They pinch the hell out of your finger when your make a fist, and I tried every dang size. I ride a motorcycle, and it felt like my finger was losing feeling and it started to swell."
These are as expected.
I was not happy with this product.  The item would not stay on my ring or keep it from turning around my finger.
My son and I are using them. They work great
"Unfortunately I initially thought they would work, however, I bought them to save taking a 1ct diamond family ring to a jeweller and risk losing the stone. I eventually I found they fall off .  Not a huge success I'm sorry"
They were kind of hard to put on at first. The instructions say to put it on with the ring already on your finger but I found it easier to take the ring off and then put it on. But it made my ring fit perfectly and is hardly noticeable.
Stay in place.
This is a great temporary fix until I was able to get my ring sized
Bought these for my daughter and she did not like them at all
"Thank you for having these, bc it's so hard
To find your rings to fit well and with these Awesome"
Good selection of sizes.
"I am not a fan of these.  I ordered these because my engagement ring can not be re-sized (pave band with lots of little diamond chips in the band) and is slightly too big (1/4-1/2 size).  I've tried the various sizes of ring snuggies while they did make the ring quit spinning, they also made the ring too tight. The wall of the tubing is just too thick for those looking for a slight sizing.  My ring is 3mm on the band and the snuggies fit around it just fine, so that was a plus.  While I don't feel the snuggie for the most part, I do feel it when it's tight and it's annoying while I'm holding things (cups, books, etc) or driving."
"We got the smallest ring that would fit over my fiancee's knuckle, but it was still spinning around on her finger!  Not in danger of falling off, but we wanted the stones to point in the right direction.  One of these did the trick, had to cut it in half with an exacto knife though to accommodate a smaller finger (size 3.5).  These come in a variety of widths, but would like to see a variety of wall thicknesses as well!"
The ring size adjusters work as advertised.  There are a variety of sizes to fit different rings in the package.
They work perfectly
Best snuggy yet...I invested in 3 different kinds before getting this one and it has surpassed them all...thanks!
"the snuggies are to thick. Look at the picture it is 100% accurate. If you need to take the rings off for gardening, cooking etc. they do stretch out with multiple use. all and all for the price not bad- I noticed when shaking peoples hands they could feel the snuggie. Looking at other options."
not quite what I expected.
"Too bulky for my liking. I tried to wear them and get used to them, but they were far too distracting for me."
Very big and awkward and honestly don't help much.
Very cheaply made
"They arrived timely and are as expected and described.

-k"
Fit well
"I have not decided quite what I think of these. I've gone through a couple guards trying to find the perfect fit. They do what they need to, make your ring nice and snug. My only problems are that sometimes the gaurd moves and ends up on top of my finger with my diamond. They have a slit through them to put them on, so occasionally they will pop off, and with being a hairdresser I tend to get hair and conditioner stuck in the guard."
Just what I needed.  Have ordered 2.more
I think I already did a review...but it for the wrong item...I am completely satisfied with these
It's a horrible idea to buy this product. It's junk! I ended up wasting my money for something I can't even use.
"Openings are too large for thin bands, even the smalllest snuggie. They roll and don't stay in place"
"Very nice product! I'm one of those that is glad I tried these! I read the many negative reviews, and it honestly looked kinda Mickey Mouse--eee to me, but they were cheap, so I tried 'em. And they work great on my rings! Keeps them rock steady--even my giant 10 carat emerald solitaire ring with a itty bitty 1.5 mm shank--the QUEEN of rolling rings! My rings mostly slide on and off with the snuggles on, but what I did was to take some household silicone (glue) and a tiny eyeglass screwdriver. I then put the snuggles on my rings, and then smeared and gently pressed a TINY coat of the silicone down into the snuggie's long slit opening. I held it closed tight for a few minutes, and then moved the Snuggie's around to make sure it did NOT glue down to the actual metal surface of the ring, and then let dry overnight, off of my fingers. This has sealed the snuggie's shut wth a nice flexible glue, and now I can rip my rings on and off all day (I never get them wet) and the snuggies are always in place around the shank. GREAT!

I enjoy my rings SO much more now that they are rock steady. Particularly my big huge Columbian emerald ring that with it's teeny shank used to roll and roll and roll back and forth. Not anymore, thanks Snuggie's!"
I needed this for temporary use for a ring that was too big; resized the ring after I used the snuggie for an event. The snuggie kept the ring in place and it fit perfectly!
"It's okay for a quick fix, but I wouldn't recommend it for everyday use. They are a little uncomfortable and they have fell off a few times. If you need to wear a certain ring for a special occasion it's fine, but not for a ring you wear everyday."
Just what the Doctor order.
Seller has great product at a great price! Thank you!
"Have not compared them to other ring sizer yet, but they look like they will do the job."
It helped my friend with a ring that was too big and she likes the product.
"Very disappointed. The package contains several pieces of a fairly stiff plastic tubing. I was under the impression that the thickness of the tubing would be thin and flexible. I would not reccomend thus. Wrapping some tape around the ring works better, is more attractive and more comfortable."
"These will make your rings smaller, but they're so very uncomfortable. They roll around, pinch, and get caught on things. Skip these. There are better, though slightly more expensive, options out there."
doesnt stay on ring very well
very comfortable!
"Am using, does mostly work, but the plastic is quite firm and not comfortable.  One keeps coming off while I'm using it."
"Well, these do hold your rings together and keep them snug, but they are VERY thick and a bit annoying to wear. They are also hard to hide. Very bulky, but functional."
Dont waste your money PVC is not of high quality and is too thick. Even the smallest one for very small hands
A+
Perfect for what I needed
These work very well to keep rings from slipping!
Exactly as described!
I can now wear to large rings!
"Worked as expected.  Very happy, great price, quick prime delivery."
They slip off.
too big
"I have three different size ring bands and there was an adjuster that fit each one.  If you put them on your ring before putting a ring on it won't fit over your knuckle. However, they aren't the easiest things to put on the rings once they are on your hands.  I was hoping for an awesome product but I wouldn't buy them again."
Very disappointed. Tubes are rock hard and rather uncomfortable. Good if only planning on wearing ring to dinner or something short. Couldn't make it through a whole work day though.
They are too bulky. Thought they would be thinner.
"Not great, but they did the job."
they are horrible. thick and bulky. so ugly. expensive for what you get. DO NOT RECOMMEND. i got them and immediately threw them out. will never order from them again. rip off.
The sizes are weird and they feel bulky on your finger.
UNCOMFORTABLE TO WEAR
This item will make your rings tighter which is good but it's a bit uncomfortable and lumpy. Overall not bad though.
Perfect for my oversized ring.
"Plastic is too thick and not contoured to the finger enough so they aren't comfortable to wear at all. It didn't matter though, they all fell off one by one and were lost within a week. This was an adult wearing it by the way, not a child that's prone to losing things. I'll go back to the little metal ones."
useful
I put the smallest ring adjusters on my ring and it popped off immediately and was lost.
"Good for most rings , but not for wide width rings."
"I have an expensive ring now and a problem that I'm sure many women face -- water retention, especially at certain times of the month.  The ring fits very well at times I'm retaining a lot of water, and is rather too large at other times.  Because my fingers are changing size a bit, it doesn't make sense to size the ring down.  But neither do I like it slipping left and right on my finger.  So I bought these.

These work as advertised.  I chose the smallest one.  It was a bit difficult to get on the ring, the first time (it helps to have the ring on your finger first), but it has gotten easier as I have taken it off and put it on again.  These are basically just short pieces of narrow-diameter Tygon or similar tubing, with slits cut in them.

Most of the time, when this is on, I don't feel it.  It's a bit of a problem when I want to do something like wash my hands or put on hand lotion; I don't like the way the slit in the tubing feels and it's a bit hard to dry my hands afterwards.  But it's clear and it doesn't bother me while I'm typing, which is what I do most of the day at work.

These were all different sizes and thicknesses and would suit a variety of rings.  I probably won't use the others, now that I've found one that fits.  But they are there if I'm interested.  And now my ring isn't slipping around on my hand.  I just wish they were a little easier to put on and more comfortable during hand washing."
Just one word.... aweful. Every single one of them fell off. Just use them as a temporary fix for a week as i did (waited to get my ring resized) other wise invest it in an actual ring guard.
It feel so uncomfortable and I lose one of the adjuster the other ones are so big I don't need it
"worked great, comphy"
They work great - and comfortable.
"They work really well for one or two times you use them but after that they stretch, and don't go back to the original size. So, nice idea but not a long lasting fix when your ring is loose."
Not worth the money even with prime shipping.
Kept falling off my rings. I will not order these again.
Too thick to wear comfortably around my ring.
used it several times and have helped friends with their ring purchases
I only tried the smallest ones on both left hand and right hand rings.  The first one came off and was lost within the hour. The next one kept popping off. These are just not working out at all for me.
"They did not work as well as I expected.  They did keep my ring from falling off, however the ring turned a lot, leaving the ring adjuster on the top of my finger."
"Great for one time use, got yucky after a while. The plastic also stretches out."
"works great, priced and packaged right, I would purchase this again"
DO NOT work and cheep enough to not pay shipping to return them.  I called but they wanted be to send back at my cost.  Not worth my time
Not what I expected. Could not use them
Cant use them. they don't stay on any size ring even tried the different sizes.
"Way too bulky came out whenever Iclosed my hand, do not waste your money"
"It works, but very difficult to get off and on and not comfortable to wear. Received the package promptly and in great condition."
OK for temporary use but are uncomfortable and come off  to easy.
They are very thick and uncomfortable for my fingers.  I had to remove them each time I washed my hands.
I realky like them but they come out so Ive lost two already .. I wouldn't purchase them again
Needed to trim sides as they were a little too long for my thin fingers but worked perfectly.
Save you money. All it is plastic tubing. Make one yourself.
"They were as expected. I only need about a 1/4 of a size smaller on my rings, so the snuggies I have to put on after my ring is on. They make it to tight to slip over my knuckles. They are much harder, but not impossible, to put on after my rings are on. I have long slender fingers and I only need these when it's cold out."
"These are tricky to use. Impossible to get over the knuckle, but I can just stick it between the ring and the finger once the ring is already on. I have to spread it out with my other hand."
"These are not as comfortable as I had hoped they would be, but they keep my ring from sliding off or turning upside down."
Perfect!  Like the assorted sizes.  I was able to put them on 2 different rings.
These start to stretch out and lose their snug fitting shapes. They were a temp fix till our ring was resized.
I couldn't get these to stay on my ring  they popped off minutes after so I lost a few snuggies and the rest were too big to use .
"Good idea, but falls really quickly from my finger.
I used it for one day and lost it."
"Plastic comes off when wash hands.
Just not strong enough to hold and stay in place."
Not the greatest.  I lost the ring snuggie the first time I wore it.
"I buy these at Walmart for $2.88. I trim down the sharp edges with a pocket knife. I wish they came in gold or silver colored to match the ring color, they get dirty and look awful after some time. But they do their job. I always buy the wrong ring size and end up buying these things."
"I cannot believe I didn't find these sooner.  Every pair of earrings stay in place, don't droop and the backs don't come through my pierced ears.  Mine last almost 4 to 5 days if I keep the same earrings in ( such as my diamond studs).  Everyone should buy if you have torn or large holed ( wearing heavy earrings)."
They work O.K. but they kept falling off the ring. Kind of cheap quality for the price
Perfect
Not what I expected. They hurt my finger!
I'm using and will order more for me and as gift as well.
Just what I needed!
After losing weight I couldn't wear my wedding bands. This product fixed the problem.
It does what it advertises! How simple is that?
"This didn't work very well. The plastic was too small to go around the ring, and too large to fit comfortably."
Horrible. That's all I have to say.
"Fast shipping, great packaging. These are just very uncomfortable and it kept getting caught on things."
ARRIVED BEFORE ESTIMATED ARRIVAL AND WAS EXACTLY AS DESCRIBED.
FANSTASTIC PDT
"these snuggies roll on ring and if it hits the slice in the tubing the snuggie is off ive lost 2 so far, i went to jeweler and got a metal one, works great and no chance of losiing it either"
Ring snuggies were all too thick/bulky & didn't work for my ladies size 5.5 wedding ring. Waste of money. Glad I didn't pay more for this.
"They did not work, they rolled off rings."
These ring snuggies are not a good thing for people with thin fingers.  They slide around the band and end up on top where you don't really want it to show.  it doesn't matter what size you use either.  I would not recommend these to women especially.  Just not a good fit.
Don't bother.  Save your money.  Do not work.
works as advertised
Uncomfortable and seem like a bacteria trap that collects filth. Seems unsanitary. I regret this purchase.
"Lightning quick delivery, exceptional product which exceeded my expectations!"
"Super uncomfortable on the back of my hand. They tend to collect soap and lotion making me take them off several times a day, and now they are loose because I have to remove them so frequently. However, they do keep the ring on my finger"
Could not wear my rings with these on
Did not fit on my husbands wedding band.
"These spacers worked great in the short term. They're a fantastic option until a ring can get sized properly. However, they're not super comfortable, so it's not a long-term solution. What was great about all the sizes because I was able to layer them to get the right size."
Doesn't stat on... Keep falling off my ring
great product. It helped with my rings from rotating in my finger. Thank you!
"This product was badly needed by me as my wedding set is a bit to big for me. However, I downgraded it by a star because after wearing it for a month or so (regular normal use) the split used to get the plastic band onto your ring spread open to large and would fall off my ring. Now I realize this is a multi pack but I was hoping I would get more use out of one. They do work and there are a multi-pack of them."
work as expected
"I love my snuggie, works perfect for my new engagement ring!"
great and helped me size my rings I cannot cut down.........
"They do the job,much better then the metal ones that get caught in your hair. No complaints,would recommend them and the seller."
"They are either too thick or oddly shaped for my rings. They don't curve with your finger, so they are incredibly uncomfortable. Despite their claims, there are better and safe options such as the ring noodle, also found on amazon."
Just what I needed.
Comfortable and works really well. Now I don't have to have ring sized or resized down the road
"Kind of ridiculous to pay money for these silly little plastic bits of tubing, but they do work (though they're kind of bulky)"
plastic too hard. can't get it on with the ring already on. Getting it off so your ring will go over your knuckle is almost impossible. Totally not worth buying. Way overpriced for what it is.
Thick and uncomfortable. None of them fit properly to size ring comfortably. Would not recommend. I ended up visiting a local jewelry store that put on a metal sizer for free.
I received my package on time. Love he variety of the sizes
"I was sorely disappointed with the product. Very uncomfortable, so much so as that I was unable to use the product."
Nice to have multiple sizes!
they come off to easy
Used before when I was young (many years ago).  They were more flexible and stayed on.  Now I look down and they're gone!  They metal ones are the solution but they are uncomfortable.  Maybe the plastic dip?  Who knows!
Waste of money
"Bought these for my mom but they were  very hard and would move, so they did not keep her rings from turning"
Cheap fix to an annoying issue. Bought one pack and was able to adjust the size of my husband's and my own wedding band!
They're so thick that I can't wear my rings and type at the same time.  I was disappointed.
Amazing! Great solution for my engagement ring that's only a half size too big. I have only been engaged a few days and I'm not ready to part with my ring long enough to have it sized just yet. These fit snugly and are comfortable to wear!
HAVE PURCHASED THESE RING SNUGGIES ONCE BEFORE..  I PREFER THEM TO THE METAL RING ADJUSTERS BECAUSE THEY  DO NOT PINCH MY FINGER.
"Ring Snuggies work like a charm. My husband's finger tends to swell in the summer so instead of getting his ring resized we decided to give these a try and was very pleased with the results. It took a little trouble to get it on for the first time but once we got it on the ring it was a perfect fit, not to tight or loose. It comes off easily without leaving damage to the ring and they come a few in the pack so its no biggie if you lose one. Overall its a great product."
"These are wonderful!  They allow me to wear rings that would fall off my fingers during cold weather or under cold air-conditioning.  Especially during this season when temperatures fluctuate, I am super happy to be able to wear the rings I want to wear."
Didn't work at all on my ring so I dislike this product I don't recommend it unless u looking for a thing that don't do what it says
impossible to use
They don't stay on
"Works good for temporary workaround until you resize the ring. I had bought size 7 ring for my girlfriend for proposal, her finger was size 5.5, and bought these so that she can wear them when I ask her. She was happy with the ring and had no problem with these. It will get dirty after a few days, but I had the ring resized in a week so no problem there. It does what it is supposed to do :)"
I wasn't too impressed. It was very irritating to my finger. I was well aware that it was there all the time.
"They loosened up in about 2 weeks. Lasted about a month before 2 adjusters fell off of 2 separate rings.  Since they are clear, they will probably never be found again."
A little stiff to work with at first but warm water made it manuverable
"I bought a pack of these for my engagement ring. It is close to my ring size, but it is just a bit loose. It is a family heirloom of my fiance's and I did not want to get it sized at a jewelers when it belongs to his family. These ring snuggies helped secure it on my finger. Now I no longer have to worry about it possibly coming off, and I can even wash my hands with the ring snuggie on. The different sizes really helps you pick which one would work best with the ring. I had previously purchased ring noodles, and those were made for a thinner ring band, mine is wide. The ring noodle would fall off and I would always have to make sure I popped it back into place. These worked so perfectly and I did not have to worry about the snuggie falling off the ring because they were so secure. The various sizes gives you an opportunity to use it on different rings. This purchase was definitely worthwhile and worth the money."
"Arrived in timely fashion, however would not recommend other to get it as makes ring feel very strange on your finger and even the smallest one didn't work."
"The adjusters in the package - One for a double ring (wedding ring set) , One very large one, One for a very, very thin ring, and Two for the average diameter ring, so only 2 are useful to me.  They are also difficult to open and place on the ring.  This may be because they are new and stiff.  But the price is low...."
"I recently got engaged and my ring is a littler larger on my finger than I would like. We have a vacation coming up where we're taking pictures, etc. and I want my ring with me so  I purchased this product to reduce the ring size immediately since actual sizing takes 10-14 days. This product really did the trick!!! It keeps the ring in place very well! The various sizes you're provided with are nice to have available as well!

There were only 2 drawbacks I found with this product  (reason for 3 stars instead of 5):
- The bulkiness of the product on the back of your finger is a problem for me. A huge part of my job is typing and I could constantly feel it on my hand. Not to mention, it's unsightly when anyone can see the underside of you hand.
- Also, the product doesn't have ""sharp"" edges per say, but and the non beveled edges of the product will catch fabric and skin and not ""scratch"" you but it will leave red mark if you catch your skin with it.
Overall a good product that could use a few adjustments to be perfect."
The ring made my rings fit just right.  Very pleased
Useless
Good product
These did not work at all. Completely horrible. Ill have to wait 2 years to get my rings re-sized since we are stationed overseas I guess.
They keep my ring in place but I do not like how bulky they feel. I was not expecting them to be so popped out to the point that if I run my hand over my hair it gets caught in the snuggie. So yes they work but needs to be less bulky.
Just what I needed and gave it to a friend also.
Way to bulky and uncomfortable.
Loves these! Seller sent a cute novelty gift also
I'm so impressed. Now i don't have to worry about losing my ring. My ring is still on my finger! :)
It's ok.  I have to watch it because sometimes the plastic pieces slide off.
do not fit well
"Not a fan! I bought these even though I saw that it'd gotten quite a few bad reviews, because I was hoping that it MIGHT work for me anyways. I couldn't resist the price!

I recently got engaged, and my engagement ring is SLIGHTLY too big, but not big enough where I would want to resize it (yet), because on some days it seems to fit perfectly fine and on others it's super loose. Must be associated with hormonal cycles/bloating or something...not really sure why I notice such a big difference depending on the day!

So I figured that getting something like this would help solve the problem on days when it felt loose. But after only wearing the smallest one (it comes with a few different sizes) for 12 hours, it'd popped off five times! I just couldn't take it anymore and had to return it."
Bought these for my 85 year old grandma. Her knuckles were to big to get rings off (due to arthritis) but she needed something to keep rings from spinning around. Theses did not stop that. Tried all five sizes still nothin.
"Product exactly as listed, really fast shipping."
None of the ring snuggies fit my ring correctly.
These do fit the ring as they are supposed to however they are bulky and it feels like there is a bulge underneath the ring finger all the time.  It catches on everything.  Will just take to the jeweler and have it resized.
I have such small fingers that these don't fit some of my rings comfortably.
Perfect
"The packaging came open before I received it, so I only got 5 out of the 6 I was suppose to get. Some of them are way too bulky and uncomfortable to wear with a smaller ring (I bought these for my promise ring, which has a pretty small band). If you're looking to hold a bigger ring or multiple rings together it could work out better but overall not really happy with this purchase."
Love these!
Don't like them. It is too bulky and doesn't stay on.
"They do what they are supposed to do.
I have to use tweezers to get them on my ring though."
These are too bulky to comfortably wear. It was worth a try!
"These just don't work for me, they come off and not the best option."
I wish they came in all one size... there is only one of the size I need in this package!  The others are too big or too small.
They hurt and are just not with it really.
A cheap alternative to better products.
"Did not work for my rings, they still were to big even with them on."
"Item description was accurate; I received exactly what I ordered. Although it did work as intended (it kept my ring in place so that it did not slip around on my finger allowing the gem on top to get caught between or under my finger) it was not comfortable to wear. I found it to be particularly bothersome when I would close my hand (i.e. to make a fist, grab the handle of my frying pan, or other such movements). The feeling of wearing it never truly went away; it kept a level of notice-ability no matter what I was doing. Also my husband comment that he could noticeably feel it it was there every time I placed my hand on him or rubbed his arm or back or whatever
So to sum this all up, I would not recommend this product to someone who is looking to use it on a ring that they wear all the time (i.e. a wedding ring), but if you want it for a ring that you only wear on certain occasions and/or for short periods at a time then this product should suit you just fine."
Don't buy it. Just have your ring adjusted.
EXCELLENT CONDITION
"Very simple solution to an annoying problem.  I found it easier to put the ring on and then put on the ring adjuster.  It kept the ring in place - no twisting or turning. It did take a few minutes to adjust to the feel of the adjuster to the back of the hand, but that was not a major issue. Definitely would recommend this product."
Works great!
she hardly notices they are there
"stops rings from turning, give it a try."
"This may be the most Tacky item I have ever purchased. Seriously, go get your ring resized...."
perfect :)
"I bought a pack with a variety of sizes, since I wasn't  sure what size (s) I would need for my rings. The Snuggies I put on my rings were easy to use, hardly visible at all and comfortable. Best of all, they were a very cheap way to solve my problem. I will be purchasing some more and recommending them to friends. :)"
Used with a thick ring. These were uncomfortable and scratched my hand. They also slipped around my finger.
"these do the job but I have small hands and found it to be uncomfortable
 the part on the outside of the ring seem to  get in the way and be bothersome
maybe for someone else with larger hands this would  not be a problem but it was for me
I could not stand it on my finger"
Love them. My third order. Makes my ring fit much better
The Idea is great but they don't stay on the ring.  Dont waste your money.
"They don't stay on very well, washed my hands, down the drain the snuggie went."
My husband got me a new bridal ring set for an upgrade and I got a size to big but I ordered the ring snuggies and now I can wear it without afraid of lossing it. Thanks.
"These are rigid and too wide,"
More annoying than helpful.
Low expectations given price and mixed reviews. Used on engagement ring during winter. Works quite well. Would suggest placing item on ring after on finger.
"for smaller rings they are great, but for the ""manly"" rings, with wider shanks, my husband did not like. It was too uncomfortable for him."
Package give you different choices as to what size to use.  Like that they are easy to fit to the ring and are easy to clean.  Great buy.
worthless
perfect!!!  nice selection of sizes.. works very nice!
They are not comfortable at all.
No the were cheap and did not work
You can buy these at Wal Mart for 3 bucks!!! Save your time and money. Check WM first. I love them though.
I was hesitant to purchase this based on the not-so-great ratings but I'm no glad I did!  I love that it's clear so you can hardly see it & I love all the different sizes.  I wear a size 5 ring but that size is hard to find.  I wear my ring snuggies on my size 6 rings & it's perfect!  It's so much better than the metal ring guards & it's so comfortable.  It's does exactly what it's intended to do.
"Great for a temporary fix, but eventually-get your ring sized."
Good price for the product and I would recommend these--comes with 5 sizers.  I have used others that I thought were a little better.  But they are worth the price paid.
"Would have likes more of the smaller size otherwise, they work!"
"These were good in that they came in several sizes so you could have two rings together and you could put one on two rings. Unfortunately they are a little thick. So if you are only needing a slight fit adjustment they might not work. They were to thick for the ring I needed them for, but I have a couple of other rings that they will work on as those rings have gotten loose due to some weight loss. Now I will be able to wear them again. They are clear enough to make them hardly noticeable. If you really look hard at the hand in an up position you will see it, but seeing as how most people don't sit with there hands palm up, it will most likely not be noticed."
Item was as described. Fast shipping. Unfortunately this item did not work for me.
i did not like them kind of bulky.
Too thick and bulky. Doesn't really help.
"Little cheap pieces of rolled plastic that do exactly as advertised. Thus 5 stars. I have a ring that I don't want re-sized because sometimes my knuckle is swollen or in hot weather my fingers are fatter. So I needed some way to keep the ring from falling off when my fingers are thinner or not swollen. Ring Snuggies fill the bill. One of them was perfect for my ring. Indeed, I can put it on or take it off the ring either while wearing the ring or not. My ring fits perfectly with it and it doesn't show unless of course you turn palm up. Even then it's pretty clear, so it doesn't draw attention. I would say the only thing I'll have to look to is not to lose it when I take it off, but have a specific place to keep it. But it works great. And it doesn't annoy me at all being on there.  I cannot say that will be true of everyone, but I find it non-irritating and forget it's there."
Didn't fit too big and bulky
Great product!
Waste of time and money.  They come off faster than they go on.
"Works perfectly, can be trimmed shorter so it takes up less room if you only need a little adjustment.  Very comfortable, and have had no trouble with it staying in place."
GREAT!!!
"I really wanted to like these, but they didn't work for me.  I am in the process of losing weight and don't want to resize my rings yet.  I have two rings that I wear daily, very small/narrow rings (~5mm), and I used the smallest tube in the packet.  Without trimming them, they were too restrictive, so I cut them down a little at a time until it provided the thickness at the base of my finger without going too wide and making the ring too small.

I liked the general idea of these, but in reality washing my hands and putting on lotion gunked it up and made it less than appealing.  They also occasionally popped off and moved around on the ring/finger so they were off balance.  I occasionally pinched myself from the slot that's used to slide over the ring.  They are 'well made' but simple little tubes of plastic.

I ended up getting DipSize, which applies a slimmer/more wearable layer of silicone to the ring, which was a much better option for me."
"These can be cut to be smaller if they are too big. They're just plastic tubing segments that have been sliced--- to allow it to wrap around a portion of your ring. The pieces were too thick for some of my more delicate rings and would move around, chafing my skin. They're a great idea in general and work in most cases, just not all the time."
Nothing against the seller here but I personally do not care for the product. The adjusters do not stay on the ring
"These snuggies sound good in theory but unfortunately do not work as advertised.  I bought these so that I could secure a ring that I wear with my wedding band and intend to wear 24/7.  The manufacturer information states that if you have enlarged knuckles, you can put the ring on and then put the snuggie on.  This is not true.  It took me about five minutes to get the snuggie on my ring when I wasn't wearing it.  I gave up trying to put the snuggie on with my ring on my finger.  Once on, the snuggie is not snug - it protrudes and is not flush with the ring.  Soap gets under it and the snuggie itself slides all around.  It isn't worth sending them back but save your $.  Don't buy these."
"This was crap. The ""snuggle"" fell out in a day. Don't waste your money."
Exactly what I was looking for. They work great and are easy to apply. They stay on even with frequent washings. Thank you.
Not good
Just what I needed to keep rings on my fingers! :-)
Item was as described and received in a timely manner. Happy with the different size options in the set !
Work well at keeping my rings situated.  Arrived ahead of the projected arrival date
works well.
These ring sizers are wonderful and super fast and easy to use. I even bought another pack since I liked them so much.
"Little pieces of plastic tubing with a slit lengthwise.  They will work until you can get your ring(s) resized, but it's not anything you will want to use long-term."
"I don't like these, they stick out too far and they actually hurt my finger. They resize the ring perfectly about 1/2 size smaller, but they are very uncomfortable and pinch my finger."
only work for thin rings
I loved
Not flexible. Too thick and stiff to adjust ring one or two sizes. There was only one in the package that worked ok. They may be useful if ring is 3 sizes too big.
great item. Works well
My hands are very small so it is hard to find rings that fit.  These are great if a ring is not able to be sized down without compromising the design.
They fall off
Read the reviews and consider what you are paying.  The portable heater does help clear up the wind shield a little bit at a time.  I turned it on after I plugged it in and have no problem with blown fuses.  It is not a substitute for the factory installed heater and defroster.
Ok for short term use but tend to fall off so be careful.
I couldn't even get them on my rings.
the adjuster is so big that it is more annoying than my ring sliding around on my finger...get the noodle instead!
THIS PRODUCT WAS REALLY NOT WANT I EXPECTED. I DON'T KNOW WHAT I DID WRONG BUT THEY DID NOT WORK FOR ME.
"So uncomfortable...too big...doesn't stay on. This product looks like a great idea, but did not deliver."
Great temporary fix.
Works fine for mu husbands wedding band
Great
"This product is horrible.  It's way too big and bulky, you can't wear two rings together (like a wedding ring set).  I tried to use it on one ring but it just felt like I had tape wrapped around my ring that stuck into my hand.  I had a difficult time removing the guard from my ring too. I hope I can return this, if not then it's just wasted money and a loss on my part."
Didn't work for me!!!
"Cheap price, but they fall off and get lost."
works
Haven't used. Wide and flat.
"These are amazing, come with many different sizes so it's bound to work for you."
It's worth the price.  Good to have several sizes.  I only used one of them for one ring and had to get quarter inch clear tubing from Home Depot for the other one.  Home Depot has only that one type of small clear (see through) tubing that'll work.
These are great.  They have worked on every ring I own :-)
"Ordered for a ring I bought my wife, but didn't need them."
works just as indicated.
Good for a quick fix
They fall off when wet so be sure to have dry hands when using them.
"Haven't used yet, its a cheap way to fix using a ring. I prefer other ways but this is definitely the cheap way."
It turned with the rings
"My wife lost her ring combiner that she used in this set, so she gets another set."
These were not flexible or comfortable. A slight curve may have helped. Also they are really only made if a ring is almost a full size too big. I have a ring that is about half a size too big and these didn't work.
"The ring snuggies worked. It kept my ring on my finger most of the night. However, if the ring moved slightly then then ring snuggie fell off my ring and I was searching for it while making sure I didn't lose my ring. I will say the product is unsightly, it didn't look right on my gold ring. It worked in a pinch, so probably best for those who want to wear a piece that they don't have time to resize or for people who are sharing rings, but I'm still looking for a better solution."
They are a bit bulky.  I still use it though.
Very comfortable and I'm thinking of purchasing another pack just to have them on hand
"fell off constantly and got stretched out..dont waste your money, just buy the metal ones for a few bucks more"
This kit comes with several size of ring snuggie.  I was able to find one which fit fairly well and so far has worked well.  It would be nice if the kit had two of each size since now when one wears out an entire kit would need to be ordered just to get the one size that works.
Do not buy. Terrible and too  thick. Not at all like pictured. Buy ring noodle instead. Have used these as well and are much better
Purchased and suspected as much that the product would not fulfill my expectations. Sizing could easily be done with shrink tubing or by using the old standby of yarn. Do not recommend the purchase of the product
Worked great
"I thought the snuggies were a thinner, its a little uncomfortable. I guess I will get used to it. It really does what it is supposed to and keeps my ring from falling off."
always need extras
"The ""snuggies"" rolled around and were uncomfortable to wear. I would prefer something more stable, the rolling was pretty distracting and annoying."
not as described
Uncomfortable
Fits good
"Absolutely terrible. The description says ""assorted sizes"" but what I got was a box of Jumbo snuggies that are 3x the circumference of a jumbo drinking straw. Completely useless. I would have to use on a ring 10x too big for me."
don't stay in place
"Not quite what i was expecting.  the snuggies are very stiff and makes it uncomfortable to wear.  perhaps in time the plastic will soften but i don't have that kind of patience.
-Melissa"
"After trying the ""noodle"", I find that this product looks much better and has worked well now for several months. It actually is a piece of plastic that fits inside the ring by holding it in a sort of channel. There are tiny ridges on the edges of the adjuster to hold it in place, and It is hardly visible. This is better than the metal adjuster that scratched my ring, and the noodle thing which just looks bad on the underside. Good product."
Item as described quality a little low. Will work as stated.
"They are what they are, they do what they do."
"These are a good temporary solution, but definitely not comfortable enough to wear long term."
These are usefull for downsizing rings that you don't wear every day.  With every day wear they eventually come off the ring.
They do as advertised. No complaints here.
Good product
I have to vote no on these. They just don't sty on.
Good product. As described and does what it says it will.
"I gained weight and a nice Jade ring I have is too small for my ring finger and a bit too large for my pinky. The jewelry guy wanted $60 to resize the ring, so I haven't worn the ring for years. I ordered these and they work perfectly. I put a small piece of masking tape over the slit in the Snuggie, so it wouldn't come open some way and cause me to lose the ring. It seems a lot simpler to pay 5 bucks for these gizmos made for this purpose than to do as some suggest and drive to the hardware store and spend an hour messing around with buying and cutting tubing. Although, due to having Amazon Prime it was a quick, easy, inexpensive, transaction. I ordered the Ring Snuggies at 3:05pm Saturday, and received them Monday in the mail."
They work ok but they tend to open up just enough to slip off the rings after awhile
Slid around on the band; hurt the fingers on either side; did nothing to make the ring fit better.  Piece of junk.
i needed these simple sizers for a varitye of rings. Fit and price perfect
The size I needed was smaller.  I placed the smallest on and thought that it would work and a couple hours after I noticed it was gone and the ring was turning around on my finger.  It may work for someone else better.
Great solution for large knuckles like mine!
"I liked the product a lot.  They fit snugly, on the ring, and keep rings in the position they are to be in.  I highly recommend them, and the seller."
sometime not comforable
they are too big. Not comfortable
"Love these, since my weight fluctuates it is nice to be able to size my rings back and forth. I have used these in the past, so knew they were going to work, but as always dealing with Amazon was a great experience!"
"These were too big for what I needed.  More the size for men's rings than ladies rings.  I had problems with the only small one not staying on the ring and it fell off.  When it stays on it does keep the ring from turning, these just did not work for me, may work for another person with larger rings."
Received the Ring Snuggles very quickly and they were 'as advertised'.  Very pleased.
"I always have these on hand.  I usually get them at Claires, but saw them on amazon.  great to have!!!"
These Ring Snuggies are rigid and very uncomfortable. They still do NOT keep the rings from twisting on my finger. NOT recommended.
"These work, but they're a little bulky. And you can catch them on stuff. Please don't smack anyone while you're wearing one of these, I'm sure it will leave a mark. :-(
Note: You shouldn't be smacking anyone anyway. It makes Jesus cry. ;_;"
"Does the job. A bit rigid, though, and can potentially scratch, say, the top of your expensive MacBook Pro when you're typing, if your not careful."
waste of money
"If you are like me, and your knuckle size is so much bigger than your finger that resizing the ring is just not an option, then your options are pretty limited.  This item is adequate for the task it was created for.  By no means is this anything special, but at least it doesn't snag on everything like the metal size adjuster I just replaced.  It doesn't reduce a size by much, so just be realistic and I don't think you'll be terribly disappointed."
"I bought this for my engagement ring that's become too loose on me. It's at least a whole ring size too big but I could only use the smallest adjuster in this kit. Even then, sometimes it's a bit too snug (since your fingers fluctuate each day). TIP: TRY CUTTING IT IN HALF. You'll gain a little space

Since my band is slightly on the thick side, the tube doesn't close all the way. The open rubber tube can get uncomfortable since it'll scratch up your other hand when washing hands or possibly scratching your face when you touch your face.

If your ring is at least a whole size too big and you don't want to re-size it (either from fluctuating so much or the anticipation of gaining all that weight back), then this is a doable temporary solution."
Incredibly uncomfortable. Scratch the opposite hand if you are washing your hands. I could only stand to wear for a day or two.
They do the trick.
Good temporary fix for rings that are too big. A little hard to put on but they work.
Works As Advertised! Great Deal and Super Fast Shipping Thanks to Prime.
Unfortunately the snuggles  didn't work out for me. My ring was too wide.
Waaaay too big. They are super thick and stiff. Made for man hands. Did not work at all.
They work ok but it's not the cure all. Some rings are just too big & need resizing.
these didn't work at all. Put one on it fell off. Then tried a different size and that one came off too.
Do not buy this product. The ring snuggie (plastic tubing) is hard to attach to the ring and nearly impossible to attach while the ring is on. I finally got it on after struggling with it for15 minutes and it was uncomfortable. Very disappointed.
"Was suppose to be assorted sizes.  Sent all jumbo.  Decided to make my own.
Went to the plumbing department at Home Depot and bought ten feet of plastic tubing 1/4 Outside Diameter and 7/16 Inside Diameter.  It was perfect and I have enough for HUNDREDS of rings for about $4.00."
"These things were so awful and useless, we joked about them all night (after tossing them in the trash).  Thanks for the laughs, Ring Snuggies!

Also - sizes did not vary in the package."
great for ring sizing
Great it is perfect
"These are NOT assorted sizes. They are all the same, and they are HUGE. I had to cut one in half just to get it on my ring, it was so long. They are also thick, but most of the thickness is from the space in the middle, so that it isn't ""snug"" at all; it slides all over the ring so that it may stay on your finger but it will certainly not stay in place."
Ring Snuggies is a great fit.
ok -- works as described but not the right product for me  :(
useful to keep my rings together
I do love that they keep my ring in place now that it's cold and my fingers have shrunk. But I don't like the way they feel. The edges aren't sharp and I don't scratch my face or anything with them but you can just tell that it's there and it's annoying to be able to feel this piece of plastic every time I close my hand. It would be nicer if it were softer and more flexible.
"I was very hopeful about this product, only to receive it and be disappointed. The photo shows assorted sizes, yet I received jumbo sizes. I have no choice but to return the product, as this size is useless to me. I would honestly give it no stars if that was possible. Buyer beware!"
Note do snuggie  if you want to wear it everyday not good already lost one that fell off  my rings
"They work, but I know they'll fall off at some point, so they're only good until that moment, and then you have to worry about losing the ring, too."
Great product !!!
the assorted sizes help me fit all my rings that have gotten too big for my fingers.
too cumbersome to wear
good
Useless!
Useless. Falls off and feels uncomfortable
They have come in handy to my surprise. I use them on some of my jewelry and they work really good.
"This was not what we expected. When a fit was found from the sizes the product offered it would not stay on my husbands wedding ring and therefore kept getting lost. When the hand is on the open side it is flamboyant being too big. In addition, the one fit option was too tight for my wedding band/ring combo causing my finger to hurt and lose circulation."
"These are not soft they are hard plastic. I thought they were going to be more squishy, however; they do work for a while, I used one on a ring for about 3 months and then it wouldn't stay on the ring anymore, so they do get worn out after a while."
"The edges are sharp and hard, so if you touch yourself or your kids you're likely to scratch. It's stiff, not very flexible and only comes in one thickness although the width of the holes are different depending on the size of your band. I was looking for something to take up some extra room on my wedding band to keep it from spinning but this was a disappointment. Not what I was looking for."
"Says assorted sizes, I got JUMBO. I can't even use them."
awesome
Best ring adapters I have ever used! A selection of sizes makes fitting any ring easy.
"These work well, and are necessary when  you lose weight...or can't get a half-size without expense or possible damage to gems as it is re-sized.  Also great if you buya ring size to fir a larger finger and then decide to wear it on a smaller finger sometimes."
TERRIBLE at holding rings on your fingers!  Don't ever try to wear an expensive ring with one of these because you will lose it!  I've tried it on several different rings and they just slip off.  Better to go for the metal one's and get your money's worth.  Would not recommend.
They don't stay in place
DId not come in assorted sizes - received 4 jumbo snuggies - much too big - no return option?
"Total waste of money. Uncomfortable, almost impossible to put on or take off. Use a bandaid instead."
Too bulky
Great way to resize large costume rings for short usage.
Great.
"The product does its job, but the fall off randomly. I bought these because I work in a grocery store and was afraid I would end up loosing my ring at work. So far I have already lost two of them. I decided these are not the fix for me, I'm getting my ring resized next month."
"I was looking for a solution to my wedding band falling off of my finger. Unfortunately, this isn't it. I found it to be uncomfortable, visually unpleasant to look at and unreliable as it tends to fall off the ring. I guess I'll have to have the ring resized."
OK
"Reorder, prompt"
"Made my daily wear rings wearable. I did cut on to make a bit more room after trying it out for a few days. Its inexpensive great way to resize a ring after weight loss. Then,you can wear as long as you want without spending money on a Jeweler resize before you know what size your finger will be! Takes a bit to get used to them, but they work and you will get used to them if you wear them,... inexpensive enough to cut them to get a more precise or comfortable fit (which I did). One of them for my wedding ring was flattened and fit really close to my ring on all sides, rather than just the round ones."
They come off.
"These are only good for when a ring is A LOT bigger than you want it to be. I needed it for a ring that is only a half size too big, and all the snuggies were too big to use with that ring. The smallest one was uncomfortable, the next smallest one cut off circulation to my finger."
It is hard and catch's on things
They fall off
"These are the most annoying ring snuggie ever made. It feels like a bruise after  you wear it for a day, I threw mine out after my sister tried it on her ring and it left a mark after she took it off. So apparantly these do not work. Just get it resized :)"
Very helpful till time for jeweler
a bit bulky
Kept falling off of the rngs
Works well as a temporary fix.  Product is just as I expected.
Don't last very long.
I gave these to my aunt for Christmas last year! She loved them.
I love it fit great on my wedding band
Little more bulk then expected
there was only one in the package that was small enough for my ring and it discolored quickly and fell off.
Several diff sized ring adjusters but only one fits. The rest r garbadge.
"Really thick and not too flexible... didn't work for me (I needed to decrease the ring by 1.5-2 sizes), but I suppose could work well for a ring that's 2+ sizes too big."
These are to thick and uncomfortable on your finger. :(
Need to be a little more flexible for comfort
very bulky
Did the job......loved them! If only I could use one of these to fix the guy who gave me the ring lol! Wishful thinking :)
Didn't work- wouldn't stay on ring.
"They come off, not even a tempory fix"
these work amazing!
still kind of slip on finger.  not comfortable feeling.  don't know what I expected
Snuggies kept falling off when I washed my hands. They are not sturdy enough.
WASTE OF MONEY
Luv these
These fall off too easily and kind of pinch. I wasted my money on them.
not enough sizes avl in the pack. need pack to be sold by the size
"Just what I wanted, not easy to find. I have some others and they work great, don't hold bacteria like tape does."
They work.
"I've purchased these snuggies several times. They are so easy to attach to my rings and ensure that they won't fall off my fingers on cold days. Then there are times when the weather is hot and my rings fit perfectly without a snuggie. Sometimes, a snuggie might accidentally fall off, so I make sure to have plenty of spares to replace them. The old fashioned metal adjusters are so flimsy and don't last long at all. I love these little guys and wouldn't be without theml. Thanks Springdale, you've got a great product here."
A very inexpensive way to make ring fit
"Does what it says. Feels a bit bulky on some rings, but they work."
"I wish these came in different size THICKNESSES, and not just ""length"""
Great
Good
Just what I was looking for very happy with product
"Very hard to get on a ring.  And when you do, the ring becomes too tight."
I was skeptical about ordering these as I had recently bought some metal ones from a different sellar. But I must say that they were easy to put on and since there were six to a pack in various sizes I was able to use them on all my rings! Great product at a very reasonable price and will definetly be ordering more should the need arise
Good
I was not happy with these.  I ended up throwing them away as they were very uncomfortable to wear.
I have used these little wonders for years!  LOVE THEM!
Perfect for loose-fitting Rings.
It is not awful but it is not great either hence the 3 stars.  It kind of bothers me cause I feel it/it feels weird (maybe I just have to get used to it??)  But it does come is several different sizes so that was nice!
"DONT KNOW WHERE ALL THE BAD REVIEWS ARE COMING FROM BECAUSE i FOUND THEM TO BE GREAT WHAT A SIMPLE IDEA HUH?? AND SURE IF YA WANNA GO THROUGH CUTTING THE TUBE AND ALL THAT AND GET DIFFERENT SIZES LIKE THAT ONE GUY SAID .. GO AHEAD AND WHILE YOUR AT IT?? GO BUILD YOUR OWN CAR MAKE YOUR OWN CLOTHES... LOL.. THATS WHY THESE ITEMS ARE OUT THERE /....ITS DONE FOR YOU...DAH... AND THATS TO THE GUY THAT SAID GO GET YOUR OWN TUBE AND CUT IT....SILLY JUST SO SILLY
R. WILLIAMS
BERGENFIELD NJ"
useful .
They get stretched and start to fall off
Very easy to work with and they came in very quickly.
Ok
They were great!
PLEASED
Ring fit perfect with these.
Terrible. The threw them away
"I bought this for my wife to adjust her wedding ring, It was bothersome and kept falling off, so we found to be useless"
I ordered this for my Mom and Aunt. They love it! No more rings slipping out and getting lost while doing the dishes.
"This is such a waste of money! They are very bulky around the ring and extremely uncomfortable. Not to mention, they come off the ring easily."
"thick, strong plastic.  Gets the job done.  Might eave some additional marking on your fingers, or may make your ringfinger feel a bit more uncomfortable.  However, the plastic slips around the ring, and it doesn't come off easily, and it does the job of keeping an oversized ring on your finger.  But just in terms of comfort, if this is a ring you plan to wear often/daily, it is 100% worth the money to just get it resized if possible."
"AT TIMES THE RING GUARD COMES OFF THE RING, SO I HAVE TO FIX IT. I DID RECEIVE THE RING SNUGGIES IN A FAST MANNER."
The ring guard arrived and I was excited.  My knuckle is larger than my finger and my ring flops around.  I thought the Snuggie would be perfect.  I tried the smallest and it fit.  I found during the day it kept catching on things as it wasn't the same length as the base of my ring.  During a meeting I noticed the guard fell off.  :(  That was a waste.  :(
I recently purchased this item because I have small fingers and most of my costume jewelry won't fit.  This is a cheap and simple way to get them to fit since they can't be resized.
"My ring was too big. I purchased these little clear tubes to keep the ring on my finger. HOLY SMOKES, it worked. The ring has not come off my finger. I, for one, appreciate when a product does what it says it will. Thank you, Ring Snuggies."
Waste of money.  They come off when you do anything with your hands.  Would not recommend these to anyone.  Save your money
"These work and are reusable, which is a great feature. Something to have on hand for all your ring needs."
Bada Bing Bada Boom... my ring was too big and now it fits good! Love that it comes with a bunch of different sizes- I keep losing weight and I know I will have swap the sizes of the snuggies so having diff sizes is def a plus!
Well first when input it on it did make the ring fit better. Although I do not like the way it feels it actually feels like my ring has turned in to my palm and it feels funny.....then within a few days of wearing it it fell off and is now lost. So needless to say I will not buy these again...glad it was cheap
They were exactly what I was looking for.  They snap onto your ring easily and they come in different sizes to fit any ring or finger.
these fell off the ring too easily and I lost several of them.  Too expensive for what you get.  Would not recommend
"I was a skeptic with this as well, so deceptively simple. It was completely worth the money, plus some. My rings weren't sliding around my finger all day, and it created an overall more comfortable feel. I use them mostly with my vintage cocktail jewelry that I wouldn't necessarily want to resize, but still like to wear. There are many different sizing (width) options as well. Sometimes I have to try a few times to get it on, but once it's on it stays in place all day, no issues. Very happy with this product."
"After you slide it on the ring it's a little too thick, so you constantly feel it. Every time I washed my hands, it popped off! I kept putting it back on but last week it popped off & I couldn't find it. I believe there are 4 in the package but only one fit right on my ring that was a little too large. So in a pinch if you're planning on getting a ring resized it could work, but there are issues."
Don't waste your money on these. They don't work. They are uncomfortable and spin worse than the rings do. Seller refuses to accept any returns on open items which I would not have known didn't work unless I opened the package. So into the landfill they go! I will never do business with this unreputable company again. If I could have given them negative stars I would have.
"I don't think I'll pay for resizing again.  These work fantastic.  They are clear plastic that fits around the bottom of the band and it tightens your ring right up.  No one even notices that you are wearing it, so your ring looks like it's made for your finger.  I would highly recommend it to everyone."
They are not very comfortable and would not recommend to use. just go get your ring resized instead of buying these!
"I had a large class ring that had become a half size too loose. Was looking for a low cost spacer instead of using an inch of silicone self stick tape.  These looked better, but the edges make it uncomfortable after a long day. Vendor shipped well, but the product is not as great as I had hoped."
"Most of the Ring Snuggies are too fat.  I like the way you can put them on and off your ring while it is on your finger, but most of my rings are thin and the Snuggies were too big."
"Everytime, i wash my hands, if I don't remember to take my ring off, which is a pain, i lose the snuggie or the water and soap get stuck inside the snuggie.  Annoying."
These brushes are the worst things I have ever purchased in my life. They are not how they are pictured. They look like a few bristles were stuck in old ball point pens.
It really work on holding your rings together. It not very comfortable at first but it does the job. It not really noticable it only show on the back of your rings.
"Since these were so inexpensive I gave them a try.  It does keep my ring from slipping off my finger.  It's not exactly attractive but it doesn't really stand out either.  Essentially it's a short length of split tubing.  The split side can be a problem; the edges of the split are scratchy and can snag a blouse and don't feel great to the person you touch.  I turned the snuggy around so the split is against my finger inside my ring, but that means the snuggy can pop off if I catch it on something.  I'd prefer to have a few extra of the one size I need but you don't really know what size you need until you try them.  Still it's a fairly effective solution for keeping my over-sized wedding ring on.  My band is fairly wide--I'm not so sure the snuggy would work well on a narrow band."
"Didn't have the size I needed. My ring is wide, there wasn't a snuggie that would fit around easily. It may work fine if you have a small band, but it was a waste for me."
These malleable material ring adjusters work better than rigid metal devices. Easier to apply on rings.  Also able to remove and re-apply to other rings.  Comfortable on the hands.  Overall pleased.
The product works as advertised and I have been very pleased with it so far. I had one of the metal ones installed by a jeweler but I kept having to adjust it and it broke after only a few weeks so I decided to try the Snuggies. I would definitely recommend this product.
Wife bought them for her ring and so far she says they work ok. However one fell off pretty easily and was not able to find it where we were
They work exactly as expected.  I have lost weight and can still wear all my rings. Amazon does not dissapoint
"They tend to fall off, which is fine until you run out of the ones in the package that fit your ring. Thankfully I'm getting a new ring that will already be sized to fit my finger, so I won't have to use these anymore. They at least kept my current ring on my finger, so they served their purpose."
"These work like a charm, but they keep rolling off my ring when I wash my hair or change clothing. I need to have bumps put into my ring but am waiting until summer to see if my fingers swelling will cause my ring to fit tighter.  In the meantime, these suit their purpose and my ring doesn't slip around my finger."
"I have recently got engaged and the ring is slightly bigger than expected then we got it resized and it was still worried about it falling off. so I got two packs of these because I knew my ring was going to be secure.

I got the assorted sizes because i did not know what size i should get, but even though some are for a bigger band i was still able to use them."
Item received very quickly.  Keeps falling off finger.  Would not recommend
Don't waste your money as I did.  This over priced item  is just not worth talking about.  More hype than anything else.
"Slips off when putting ring on. If you manage to get it to stay on, then throughout the day as the ring naturally shifts around, the ring snuggie just spins such that the slit aligns with the band and just pops off. Completely worthless.  I'll stick with the old-fashioned ring guards that clamp to the band."
These things may work if you have a big finger but for my small fingers they were huge on my rings and I couldn't even wear them.
They are not a long-term solution since they slide on top of the finger or even come out.  It helps that they are of clear color.
"I was very happy with these ring size adjusters.  There's a great selection of sizes for any type ring that cannot be sized by a jeweler.  They are comfortable to wear all day and easy to use.  I recommend them especially because they are so easy to wear.  The only slightly negative thing is that you can see them on when your palm is face up, but my friends and family say it's only noticeable to me"
"These were uncomfortable and I couldn't stand to have them on for too long.  I may have been expecting more out of these than was possible.  It works great with making your ring fit better but the plastic was hard and unwieldy, making me take my ring off rather than wear it.  i couldn't even use these for a temporary fix until I got to the jeweler."
These work extremely well on rings that are too big.  There are a variety of sizes & are clear so they cannot be seen.
"Anyone who has a ring that is too big to wear on your finger, this is the answer to your problems! Many different size Ring Snuggies are in the package, one will do the trick. I promise this product works; it did for me!"
"I lost a lot of weight and rings are way too loose, so this was they become usable without going to a jeweler,"
This were very uncomfortable to wear and make the ring rather bulky and I think it looks quite unsightly as well.
Tried to bit to wide wedding ring.  Guard kept trying to return to top of my finger and were too bulky.
"These snuggies are good products. I still use one for my ring. It makes my ring fit in my finger. One of the problems is that there is just one of each size and you won't practically use all of them. So, be ready to toss the rest of the pack in your drawer! Also, the snuggy is a little bit loose on the ring when you don't wear it and it might fall easily. Overall, it does the job. I quite like it."
"I WANTS SOMETHING TO KEEP MY RING IN PLACE AND TRIED THIS PRODUCT.

THE ITEM WAS OKAY BUT NOT WHAT I WANTED OR REQUIRED.

IT WAS TO BULKY.

NOT A GOOD FIT.

MAYBE  THEY SHOULD MAKE IT A LITTLE SMOOTHER"
These made a ring fit that didn't fit before. I don't really notice the snuggy on my hand. Good product.
"These are not comfortable to wear and don't stay attached to the ring. Even on a large man's ring, these wouldn't work."
I don't like this item because I have arthritis in my fingers. The hard clear plastic doesn't adjust to fit. I think it's uncomfortable.
It's too bulky and cumbersome. It also has the potential to scratch delicate metals. I tried it once and never used it.
I bought these for a ring that was too big but this is too cumbersome.  It rolls around and doesn't stay on very well.
"My engagement ring was about 2 sizes too big and I needed a quick fix. These do work, but tend to slide around. I tried on all the different sizes, and unless I want the biggest ring snuggie, they slide.

But they keep my ring on!"
I had to double my ring snggies because of my finger size but I made it work I just suggest you all make snuggles for small people finger everyone finger are not big. Small people like to wear rings also
"Although there were negative reviews, I still decided to give these a try. It's been about a week and a half since mine came in the mail and they are great! My boyfriend surprised me for Valentine's day with a promise ring and he guessed a little too big for my ring size. I tried a few other kinds of ring adjusters that really didn't help, but these are exactly what I need (until I have my ring re-sized.) the ring snuggies are  very comfortable and I don't even notice they're there, also very easy to use. Overall I would definitely recommend this product."
"I am having a b it of trouble with my finger shape and such, that I roll them often and sometimes they will try to come off. They haven't worked as well as I had hoped, but they do help. It is not the fault of the snuggue, they just are not the best fit for me. But the transaction was great, shipping quick, and they are exactly as described."
my ring keeps sliding to the side..ok...I admit i is top heavy..also 52 years old. I had it sized..larger than smaller then larger again. Now it had to be made smaller. I tried having the jeweler put in a wire ring sizer....which i had to bend to made fit then make larger to get it off. These things are great . A friend took me they now have some plastic that works like the pictue hangers that can be removed..Didn't try them ...but a thought
My engagement ring is secure and not twirling around my finger all day. very happy with my purchase and would recommend these.
These ring resizes are an old idea but still  a good one.  There is a good selection of sizing tubes and some of them may have to be cut to adjust the amount of overall sizing.  The items are plastic and can easily be cut.
"The product description says that there would be 6 ring adjusters in each package.  The one I received had only 5 in it, I know it's a small criticism, but true none the less."
"While there are several widths provided, they are all about the same thickness.  I wanted to bring a ring size in just a bit and these only work for huge size reductions."
It turns around on finger to top of finger where ring should be. Thats all I have to say about them.
"Love these! Like the different sizes! Totally worth it! Fits all my rings, even holds both of my wedding rings together!"
These are a reasonable alternative to having a ring sized at a jeweler. There are a variety of widths and the ability to easily put them on and off is plus.
"I didn't care for these. First they are really difficult to get on your ring.  If you do, they are kind of uncomfortable to wear & then they eventually fall off.  Opt for a softer version that is more flexible and less bulky"
"Great product except for the water and soap buildup from washing your hands, otherwise it does the trick!!! Different sizes too."
They were just what I needed and they worked fine.  I have a ring that I wear on my ring finger and when I apply a ring adjuster I can wear it on my little finger.  Thank you.
"I purchased this, thinking this would do the trick for my ring to remain on. My ring is about a 1/4 or 1/2 size too big. I washed my hands one time, and the snuggie just kept moving around as if it wanted to come off. I was in church and I don't know what happened, but I looked at my hand and my snuggy was gone. I didn't feel it when it came off. I have lost two in two days, so I stopped wearing it. I will have to try something else that makes my ring more secure. This is definitely not it for me."
"love them. just wish you could buy a package with just the large size. you only get one in a package, and it's the only one i use. can't beat the price! still worth it!"
"I could have taken a thin plastic tube, split it to fit on any item.  They are too thick and bulky  for rings and fingers."
"They do work but they fall off easily.  Before I got to work it had come off of my ring.  However, it did make my ring fit better."
Nothing but garbage.  Don't waste your money.  I don't know why I even ordered these for diamond rings.  I went to the jeweler.
I already answers this I said the bands were to big and they keep sliding sround my finger wish ther was something better..
"I bought these because my ring was a little too big, they aren't perfect but worked pretty good for what I needed them for. the problem is that they wear out quickly I have worn them now for a couple of weeks and the plastic is starting to stretch but its ok the pack came with 2 of the sizes I need and they aren't expensive so for what they cost it's worth it, I only wish I had gotten them all the same size. The key is choosing the correct size."
My wife wanted our for her ring that I got as a surprise for her. Unfortunately it was not of correct size. But the ring snuggles kept falling off and finally she lost them as they came of the ring with her noticing
"It has been a long time since I bought plastic adjusters like these, and I was a little hesitant to do so because of past experience. The ones I had before, didn't fit my rings very snugly, so I kept losing them.

However, I decided to give these a try, because I needed something that could go on my ring after I got it over my arthritic knuckle. I was pleasantly surprised that these fit much more snugly than my previous ones, and I haven't lost one, yet.

The only reason I docked them a star is because I think they're overpriced for what they are."
"I thought these might be better than the old metal ring guards and they are better.  However, my personal preference is to not use them and have my rings re-sized instead."
"This products keeps falling off my rings and material turns yellowish, you can cut it so that it fits your rings"
I've lost two of them already because they stretch out and fall off the ring. They need some improvement in the works.
"The adjusters are too big and round, uncomfortable and sometimes pop off when ring shank slips through the slot on the adjuster."
"was hoping this would work - unfortunately,  very hard plastic and wouldn't stay on -  tried cutting it down but that didn't work either"
"Not easy to manipulate when placing on the ring. Can't really use them. I
wouldnt recommend this product unless someone is very desperate for their ring to fit."
I was not impressed with these and I found them uncomfortable to wear for the one ring I bought them for.
Rings fit perfectly with these ring snuggles on  and are very comfortable ! Sure does beat going to the jewelers and spending a fortune on getting your ring sized down !
I don't like these because they are so uncomfortable. I just tried 2 of them and they are in the drawer now.
these things are awesome! i love these they ar super helpful. the are a little annoying at tims and i don't like wahsing my hands w them on but they work great for its purpose
DON'T RECOMMEND  THEY DIDN'T WORK.  A TRUE WASTE OF MONEY/  ONE OF THOSE SEEN ON TV THINGS THAT JUST DOESN'T LIVE UP TO EXPECTATIONS
Perfect for a cold day when my ring is just a little too big. And easy to slide on and off
"Although these do exactly as they say, they are extremely bulky and make it uncomfortable. It has a tendency to still twist up the side of your finger or just falls off.  Won't be buying again."
I was hesitant to buy these because of the mixed reviews. I am glad I did though. I recently lost 30 lbs and my wedding ring was flopping all over the place. I was afraid I would lose it because it could fall right off. I had this ring sized right after I got married and it was quite pricey! I didn't want to pay for it to be resized in the winter either because it might be too small in the summer. They are a little gaudy and unattractive but it keeps my ring where it needs to be. My engagement & wedding ring are fused together so the band is pretty thick. Two of the sizes were able to fit without a problem. Once I got used to the Snuggie I couldn't tell I had it on. I wash my hands very often and water an soap gets trapped in the Snuggie so I do have to wash it with a Q-tip on occasion. I will use this until I finally give in and have the ring resized.
"Well...let's see...every time you wash your hands, you will be left with water and soap stuck inside the Ring Snuggie.  It is not comfortable.  It can pinch.  It is also sometimes difficult to put on and remove from your ring.  It will yellow over time. A waste of money. Just go the jeweler and have the ring sized for Pete's sake."
Keeps my ring secure. I thought I was going to lose my ring before I got the Ring Snuggie but now I don't have to worry about losing my ring because it fits snug on my finger.
"I love the idea, especially when you lose weight and your fingers shrink some. One problem - the adjuster slipped off the ring while I was wearing it and I couldn't find it. Use caution when installing and make sure it's snug."
"They fulfilled their function of allowing me to wear my ring until I get it sized, but I expected something more durable and less flimsy."
I have arthritis and found these nearly impossible to get on and off my 2 rigs to keep them from spinning.  Good idea but I guess I have my limitations :(
My husbands finger can swell so bought a bigger ring and then used these adjusters- they go on after you put the ring on and so are easy to remove if needed if his finger swells- works very well and wish I had known about them sooner-
"Not the most comfortable thing
I didn't like it.
Could have been less rough more simplicity would have been good."
I am very pleased with my purchase. The snuggies slip easily onto my rings that are too large and now they fit nicely.
This works great on several of my rings they use to spin around my finger because they were to big now the fix and I don't have to resize my rings.
"These did not work at all! As soon as you put it on the ring, then the ring on the finger, the snuggie pops off."
"It feels a little bulky on the bottom of the  finger, but it defenetly fits the purpose.
Another good thing is the fact that they have different sizes, so you can try different ones depending in how big is the ring."
These ring snuggies are hard to put on your ring.  They are very uncomfortable.  I threw them away in frustration.
"I have thin fingers and rings never fit me right, usually to big.  I use these snuggies and they work just fine to keep the rings in place."
I purchased Ring Snuggies and I am satisfied with the results.  I have a couple rings that are too large and the adjusters work well.  Easy to use!  I recommend this product.
"I bought the snuggies to re-size my extra wide ring, and the snuggies fit great across the wide band.  Would purchase again."
"liked the idea, however adjusters kept coming off ring-get a different type.  afraid that i will lose ring as adjusters kept coming off"
"This product was not easy to use and its tacky as you can see the ring guard and it does not provide a snug, smooth fit.  I would not recommend this product."
"I mean, they're hunks of plastic.. Some fit, others just migrate to your knuckle and get on your nerves. Duct tape is better for a temporary fix until I can get to my jeweler."
"These are way too bulky for most normal lady fingers, so I shaved one down a bit with a stanley and that worked for a bit, but I found after a few weeks, the ring still spun and now I had 2 annoying heavy bits to contend with, it was like I had a stone either side and they spun in unison, It didn't grip or stay put at all, so I wouldn't recommend."
"this are hard to get on, they constantly move around.  I really tried to use them on many rings.  I guess you get what you pay for."
these ring snuggies work great. keeps my rings from falling off. and i can wash dishes and not have to worry about a ring going down the drain! i definately will recommend these to everyone!
"I don't feel like drop 1G to get my wife's ring resized by 1/4 of a size right now. Especially since the holidays and we've all beefed up an additional 5-10 lbs. So this was a quick fix so that my wife didn't lose here 10k ring. It's worked thus far, and she hasn't complained about feeling it.

So - so far - so good."
"These did help my ring stay on my finger better. However, if you wash your hair, or your hands, or put lotion on, it collects the lotion or soap inside the snuggle. It also snags your hair If you run your fingers thrunykur hair. It will also just pop off if you are not careful.
This is definitely a great idea, because my fingers shrink during the winter."
"These little adaptors are okay. Nothing special, but they work as advertised. They seem to get lost easily, at least by me, but I continue purchasing them."
"These do the job but they're tricky because they don't fit all different widths of rings. Some of my rings are a little thick and the snuggies don't fit or will just pop right off. Definitely do recommend them for thin, simple rings. They are comfortable when placed on the ring and does keep your ring nice and snug!"
"My fingers are pretty slender, so my rings were slipping off due to the cold weather, bathing the kids, etc.  I'm glad I got these - because now, I no longer have to worry about losing what means a lot to me..."
This item worked as advertised . Installation was easy and it is comfortable. I would recommend this item. Thank you.
Very hard to get on and I haven't found just the right size for my rings.  Sometimes pop off.  Don't know what solution is.
"worked like a charm. it's just a piece of tube that makes the ring bigger, but it does exactly that!"
"I found them very uncomfortable. In addition, they were too large and in one instance the tube actually fell off."
"They are big and clunky, fall off easy and are not comfortable at all.  Ok for the price, but not really worth it"
These were no help and fell off when you washed your hands or took your rings off at the end of the day.
i hate it! the ring snuggie fell off! and only had 1 in a small ugh! they may feel fine at first but suck!!
I ordered this product for my engagement ring I'm a size 5.5 and none of these ring snuggies fit properly !!!! They are all big and thick ! Horrible
"Very easy to use and they don't show at all from the front. They can also be easily removed and then put back onto the ring, which is nice as my fingers swell and shrink with arthritis flare-ups. I wasn't sure how comfortable they'd be to wear, but I don't notice them at all."
"I ordered these so that mine and my husbands rings would fit better during the cold part of the year. They seemed sturdy and like they would work well. They were to thick and made it so I couldn't even get my ring on. The description says that they can be used to hold two rings together, however there wasn't one wide enough to do so. They would probably work if your ring was a size or two too big though."
The snuggies do not stay on the band.  They like to work themselves off the band.  Also not very uncomfortable to wear.  Plastic is a bit too stiff.
"""An instant, economical ring sizing solution, providing a snug fit for any ring on any finger.""  That is how it is advertised.  Not only do they NOT fit the ring I bought them for, I tried one on a different ring, it popped off and is gone.  Really cheap product  for which Seller said no refund will be given."
"Much more comfortable than the metal ones and much less expensive, too.  Easily removed to wear ring on another finger, as well."
"Worst piece of crap you can buy, I got the metallic one first and it tuned black, this one is so uncomfortable is not funny. Take your ring to a jeweler because if you are going to put it on all the time it better be secure"
"Awful, scratched my fiances face when she wore it washing her face or moisturizing. Snagged clothing generally uncomfortable.  Fully not recommended!"
"Since I got my engagement ring I have lost weight and my ring kept slipping around on my finger.  I knew that there were ring guards but every time i was out shopping and thought about it, what ever shop I was in at the time did not carry them.  So, I found them here on Amazon and ordered them.  I got them 3 days after ordering with normal shipping so that was good right off.  There were assorted sizes in the package and since I put one of them on my ring it has not slipped even one time.  I would definitely recommend these to anyone!"
Functional as short term solution but I found this product to be to thick and uncomfortable for long term wear.
"i love this snuggie, you don't notice you have them on and i have used 3 different sizes.. i have lost 40 lbs and this works perfect for not having to resize your ring your until your weight has settled!! thank you!!"
I chose this rating because I didn't think  it kept my rings from slipping around like I hoped it would.
"After reading several negative reviews on the ring snuggies, I really started to wonder if they were worth trying at all. The more I thought about it, I realized that they were really too inexpensive not to give them a shot, not to mention that I didn't really have any better options. So I went ahead and ordered them. I fell in love with them the first day! Some might say they are too bulky, but it's not that bad. Honestly, the fact that I never have to worry about my ring falling off anymore makes every day so much better! Such a small thing was causing so much stress in my life, but the snuggies fixed that! I wear them all day every day and I am SO happy with this product! If you are still contemplating, just do it! They are worth the money for sure!"
These adjusters are difficult to wear. They do the job on a temporary basis but are uncomfortable because of their size.
This product comes in a very of different sizes for everyone! It is great and works very well. Strongly suggest!
They were ok that did the job that I needed them to do until it popped off the ring but it worked.
These little darlings work great! They are clear so they aren't noticeable and they come in different shapes and sizes....just choose the one that suits your finger the best!
I will never use them.  They are way to thick to be of any help.  They are a waste of my money.
"If you can't get a ring sized, these allow you to wear and enjoy the ring.  Yes, you are aware they are there but they stay on without worry and I love to wear my rings I otherwise couldn't."
i have tiny fingers so usually i get a size or two bigger .. i was using scotch tape earlier to make my rings smaller. Ring snuggies are nice and comfortable and a quick fix... It looks very neat as well.
"These were the perfect solution for my right-hand ring that wouldn't stay put.  The ring was top heavy and kept sliding to the side, this was the perfect solution."
These work & they come in different sizes too which is great since I needed one for me & my husband's wedding rings :) no need to pay for costly resizing :)
"only one of these sizers works for a normal size ring band. They are all much too large. If you have more than one ring to size, buy another brand."
I hope sometime someone will design a better ring snuggie.  These are too thick so easily slide off the ring while a person is wearing it.
Works great instead of resizing my ring all the time. I would recommend this product to anyone who has ring size problems. Thanks for the quick response and great product.
My ring is maybe a half a size too big and I thought these would help. Maybe if I needed a whole size smaller but not just a little unfortunately  I will not be using these!
"The ring adjusters did not work for me.  They were too thick and hurt my finger.  They came in different sizes, but even the smallest was too thick."
I have several rings that were just slighty too big and my knuckles are a little swollen so this product make perfect sense to me to try them instead of having the rings sized.  I love this product.  I can pop one on or off and use it on multiple rings.
"Fast shipping, worth the price, and no shipping time at all! My rings were falling off and this was a quick fix since I didn't have the money to resize them at the moment"
I loved it at first but it came off while I was doing dishes. The addional sizes were no help they were to big.
Dispatched quickly and got in time.  Excellent though price is more for these items. I would recommend to price it reasonably.
"I ORDERED THIS FOR A NEW RING I'D GOTTEN THAT I WAS TAKING WITH ME ON A TRIP. NOT ONLY DID I NOT RECEIVE IT IN TIME TO TAKE WITH ME, IT STILL HADN'T COME 3 WEEKS LATER WHEN I'D RETURNED -  SO I HAD TO FILE A COMPLAINT, ENDING WITH THE COMPANY SENDING A SECOND SET FREE OF CHARGE OF COURSE. THE DESCRIPTION SAYS YOU CAN APPLY IT ONCE YOU HAVE YOUR RING ON - WELL GOOD LUCK WITH THAT! IT'S ALMOST IMPOSSIBLE TO FIND THE SLIT IN THE GARD TO PUT IT ON BEFORE YOU HAVE RING ON, MUCH LESS AFTER IT'S ON YOUR FINGER. IT WAS A TOTAL WASTE OF MONEY. THE RING NOODLE (PETITE - LESS REDUCTION) WORKS BETTER ALTHOUGH STILL DIFFICULT TO PUT ON THE RING FIRST, THEN MANAGE TO NOT HAVE IT SLIP OFF OR TWIST OUT OF PLACE WHILE PUTTING THE RING ON."
I was very disappointed in this.  It is too bulky under my finger.  I keep thinking I have something in my hand and could not keep myself from messing with it with my thumb.
Work great helps keep my ring that the jeweler sized to big  thank you very much for the different sizes also
"these are not exactly what i thought they were and although they do work for what i need them for, I do not like how they turn a nasty shade of yellow after about 2 weeks"
Perfect for my grandmother's ring! If you don't mind the bulk under your finger these are a great buy for a ring to stay in place!
"I thought these would be a good temporary solution to my ring being loose. They hurt around the edges. They also say that if the ring is too tight with the snuggie on, to trim it down. I trimmed the snuggie, and it then just spun around on the ring, and the ring still moved around on my finger. These do not bend, nor have any flexibility, and they are bulky and uncomfortable. I cannot have my ring sized, but I only need about half a size difference. I may just try sizing balls on the inside of my ring. These definitely are not a good solution, even temporarily."
"Received it in 2 days, its a great product! Comfortable and I can now wear the big rings that would fall before! Very pleased."
these keep falling off-no matter which size i use Its  good that they cost under 3.00. Sorry but can not use these
"I don't know it's such a big tubing thing, I could find a better way to do it if i knew its like this. Do not want to put such a big, ugly thing on finger."
"I thought the premise of the ring adjusters would be a great idea, and it is. BUT it was way too bulky for me, and whenever I closed my hand, there was this huge lump behind my ring finger, and was very uncomfortable"
they are perfect for me. my ring was about an half of inch too big so i need something that would work. had my doubts but was wrong. must try product
"Although hard to attach, these little snuggles allow for a good fit on a ring.  I am not five words verbose."
Its an inexpensive way to keep wearing jewelry that doesnt fit properly anymore. The various sizes for the most part fit various styles and thicknesses well and all fit securely to the rings.
"Ring Snuggies
Good temporary fix for various different size rings. Good for the price too, even got it faster than expected."
It was difficult to put on a wide band ring. Not enough flexability. A thinner type material would be better.
"I have been looking for this product for such a long time. However, with time the plastic gets a little bit uncomfortable but it is a way to wear the rings that are too big."
I think the headline speaks for itself.  This product is extremely uncomfortable and I tried all of the other suggestions to cut them and nothing worked.
They come in assortment of sizes but to be honest unless you have scary unusually large size fingers only one and if your lucky two will actually fit you. I only found one to fit and was so upset when after a day I noticed that it started scratching my band. I took it off and had to get my engagement ring buffed to get all the scratches out. I ended up resizing the ring which is what I should have gone and done the first time.
"This will work for a quick fix that you'll wear occasionally, but it is uncomfortable and chunky. I bought these to connect my engagement ring and wedding band in an non permanent way.  I wouldn't recommend these as a solution.  I'm still looking..."
"Great concept and effective, but a little too bulky for my liking. This a great ""quick fix"" measure in order to bust out that once in a while favorite ring that doesn't fit quite right, but for everyday use, it feels cumbersome."
No stars becuse it sucked huge let down. Didnt work at all don't know how it would unless the ring was at least 20 sizes to big
"I followed the instructions to put my ring on and then the snuggie, but I couldn't get the snuggie on when my ring was already on my finger.  So I put the snuggie on the ring and then put it on my finger.  It was fine until I took the ring off (I take it off at night).  The snuggie fell off and it took me quite some time to find it again."
These ring snuggles work great.  My elderly mother has lost weight in her hands but did not want to have her rings re-sized as she says it's like paying the jeweler to take your gold!  I purchased these and added them to her rings and she is thrilled!  They come in a variety of sizes for different types of rings.  Great product.
"Exactly what I Was looking for.  The various sizes work for different sized rings, and they stay on very well."
"I bought these so that I wouldn't have to have bumps put into my engagement rings. I found them hard to use, very bulky, and ended up getting bumps put onto my rings."
Worked better than I expected.  They were not bulky like other plastic ring guards I have used in the past.
"My wedding and engagement rings used to flop around. Now that I've got the snuggies, they finally fit right. Assorted sizes make it a great purchase for the whole family. A great fix for heirloom jewelry, instead of letting some stranger cut metal from valuable rings."
"I have lost a good deal of weight in the last several months, and hoped these would help keep my rings on until I have them re-sized, but they are uncomfortable and unwearable."
my ring fits perfectly with the ring snuggie. I don't want to get it sized until after my pregnancy so this is the perfect alternative.
"Product works OK.  I have trouble keeping the adjuster from turning around and slipping off the ring.
Not the fault of the vendor."
"Snuggie was easy to fit around my ring with needle nose pliers.  Downside is getting ends tight enough, so they don't bite your finger."
too bulky for me - they would work but can't get use to them on my ring and my finger
I WISH THAT WHO EVER MADE THIS MADE THEM IN JUST THE SIZE I NEED FOR mY SIZE FINGER NOT ASSORTED LIKE SMALL MEDIUM LARGE ETC....
It holds the ring aIright. I  have to get used to the plastic in my hand. It does slide a little though.
This is one of the worst products I have ever ordered. It is a hunk of tubing cut off and sliced down the middle. Horrible product :(
"snuggie was hard to put on the ring and still pinched me. Wearing the sunggie was extreamly uncomfortable, I was better off going to the Jewler and paying a few bucks to have the ring sized for my finger."
The item is no more than a piece of a clear tube. I went to my local hardware store and found them for pennies. I over paid for a 3/4 inch piece of clear tube.
"Found them cumbersome, larger then they appear and  I had difficulty keeping them on my rings. Not expense so, no great loss."
I love it thanks it is what i wanted and everythings good I can fit my ring now.  :) :)
This is a great product if you need to adjust a ring size. The package come with different sized adjusters to fit whatever your needs are.
The ring snuggies did not fit my ring even after trying the different sizes enclosed. A total disappointment. Guess you get what you pay for.
"I was unable to use way too stiff and thick. Was hoping for easy and comfortable way to fill gap of

1/2 size"
"nevery but
waste of money
get your ring reduced for $20 at some mall
dont pay for crap
.
."
The PVC is too thick and doesn't fit on the ring as snug as I thought it would. It would be better if it were thinner and more flexible. These are too stiff.
"They pinch my skin if I put them on one way and are too bulky if I put them on the other way.  After a couple of ""wears"" falls off easily.  For the price I paid its appropriate.  It was worth the try."
"I am a person with ""varying"" finger sizes & a habit of buying ""a bit too big"" ring sizes online (no matter how many times I check - oh well!). Buying this assorted clear pack of Snuggies is a good, cheap alternative to paying to have several rings resized.
As many women out there probably know too well, with swollen knuckles from osteo-arthritis, getting resized rings ON over sore joints is a fait accomplit too, so this is a great solution for me.
Many thanks :)"
this product got here very fast and works wonderful ! I would definitely use this product again . My husbands ring hasn't came off 1 time since he started using this . He says they are comfortable also
I'll keep this short and maybe no so sweet.  This product is the worst thing ever.  Difficult to put on the ring when you are holding it so you can forget about putting it on the ring when it is already on your finger!  Not expensive but save your money!!!
"I ordered the ring snuggies for my husbands wedding band as it was to big and we could not find a place to size the ring. The ring snuggies worked ok, but my husband stated that they were a little uncomfortable and we had to go through almost all of the different ring sizes before we found one that fit a little. And you have to make sure that once you find one that fits that you do not loose it because there is only one of each size in the pack."
These are just Okay.  I fear the plastic guard will fall off and then lose my ring.  Would recommend in a pinch!
I chose the ring snuggies because most of my rings were too big because \\i have lost a lot of weight! They also saved me a lot of cost for having to have all my rings resized! An inexpensive way to what could be a costly solution!
"Although the adjusters are various sizes, I still couldn't find one that fit my ring.  It looked bulky and was obvious to sight."
I love these! They come in different sizes so they will fit different types of rings. I use the thicker ones for rings that have a big gemstone. I can't stand it when a ring is topheavy and flips upside down. These will  keep the ring in place. The knuckles on my fingers are also bigger than the rest of my finger so the slit in the Ring Snuggy makes it easy to put apply after I put the ring on. These are also easy to clean as long as you don't loose them they'll last you a good while. I bought a box 2 years ago and use them regularly finally broke down and bought another box just becuase I lost some and the rest were yellowing. Not bad for everyday wear if you ask me.
"My wedding set is about a size too big and the larger size of these fits both rings and keeps them together comfortably. Arrived two days early, would recommend."
"I needed a spacer on my ring after I put it on since my knuckle was larger, my ring spun around and would not stay up on my finger like it sould. They come in several sizes to fit different rings.  I just LOVE the snuggies, they are the best thing ever!!"
"Received the item on time, but did not fit or work as expected.
Could not use it, not that many sizes to choose from."
This adjuster sort of does the job but you still feel like your ring is spinning because they make the ring bulky on the backside.
"Hate them. They are too thick and hard and they also fall off and get lost. I wrapped a cloth bandage around my ring. Softer, and it stays on for days."
"you get a few different sizes they all work
 and you cant feel or see them there.
help keep rings in place good for any size of rings"
I love my ring snuggie! It helps keep my ring from turning. The only downside is that it pops off my ring at times. I would just tape the opening and be good to go. I also wish it was a tad bit smaller. It's hard to wash my face or lotion my hands with the snuggie on.
"I was disappointed in this item because it was too cumbersome for my small finger. I only needed a small size reduction, and the smallest size that I could find was really tight on my finger.

Maybe I'll find someone who can get some use from them."
"THANKS TO RING SNUGGIES I CAN FINALLY WEAR MY RINGS WITHOUT SCOTCH TAPE ON THEM. I HAVE EXTREMELY SMALL FINGERS AND WHEN EVER A RING IS GIVEN TO ME AS  A GIFT , THE ONLY WAY ICOULD WEAR IT WAS TO PUT SCOTCH TAPE AROUND THE RING UNTIL IT WOULD FIT. THAT ALWAYS LOOKED SO TACKY.  I HEARD ABOUT RING SNUGGIES AND DECIDED ID TRY TO FIND THEM BUT EVERYTIME I LOOKED IN THE STORES  THEY COULD NOT BE FOUND SO I FOUND THEM ON AMAZON AND NOW I CAN WEAR MY RINGS. THANKS AMAZON"
It was not what i expected and they pinch.  I am going to have to look around for something better
First of all they are difficult to get on especially by yourself. If you do manage to get it on it slips off and spins the ring around. I ordered 2 packages and would not recommend these to anyone. Pretty much they are a bunch of little rubber tubes with a slit in the middle and they do not feel comfortable and they TOTALLY make your ring look cheap!!!
well my mom needed some and i found these and she said they work just fine for her thanks ya
"These Ring Snuggies work great for me and the assorted sizes work on a variety of rings. This is the best product of its kind that I have tried. Ring Snuggies (the orginal ring size adjuster of this type) are made of a stiffer, heavier PVC type material that is just flexible enough to put on the ring without it easily coming off while you are wearing it like other brands of ring adjusters of this type.

Ring Snuggies can adjust the size of my rings from a half size to a whole size depending on which one I use.

They also work great for my Grandmother who has large knuckles. She has to buy rings a size larger than her actual size so that the rings will go over her knuckles. These keep her rings from spinning on her fingers.

I don't find these uncomfortable nor does my Grandmother. You do notice them when you first put them on, but they aren't at all uncomfortable and after a while you forget that they are even there.

Just make sure that you have the opening/split in the Ring Snuggie tube to the outside of the ring and check it once in a while to make sure that it stays that way while you are wearing your ring. Ring Snuggies stay in place well and I never have an issue with them coming off like I have with competing brands, but I still check periodically with any ring adjuster to make sure that it is securely on my rings because I don't want my rings coming off and getting lost."
Snuggies are smaller than expected and served my purpose poorly. this product needs to be a little longer in length and I think it would would work better.
"I bought these...I thought ok...I can wear my wedding ring again. I've lost a considerable amount of weight, so my wedding ring is exceptionally loose...too loose to wear safely. I bought these thinking they would help...and every single size I tried came off...and was uncomfortable before it did. Same situation with my husband. He's also lost a considerable amount of weight so can't wear his wedding ring. So we tried a couple of the big ones on him. Well, turns out it wasn't that I have wacky fingers or something...they did the exact same thing with his as with mine. Definitely not something I would recommend."
"I have a couple of rings that I wanted to be able to wear on my ring finger as well as my index. This item was PERFECT! I'll be ordering another set, just to have them on hand. Thank you!"
"Loving the snuggies, as I had a few rings that I wouldn't wear for fear of losing them due to weight loss..."
"Thick piece of plastic. Does the job but turns with ring so ends up in front at times. Must take off with lotion, soap, etc or looks gross"
"Rolled around on fingers.  Not that great for tiny fingers. They were slightly uncomfortable, but sufficed when the only other alternative was to go without rings."
"Don't like them at all. Did not fit on any rings, no matter the width of the band. So I threw them out."
I have used the ring adjusters with the rings that required them and Have been comfortable wearing them even for a whole day. When it gets hot and hands swell up it is easy to take them off.
"Ring Snuggies are the perfect solution to custom fitting rings when re-sizing may not be the best option. These can be easily added or removed and are easy to clean.  I have 2 rings that can now be worn are different fingers, depending on mood or outfit, by adding or removing Ring Snuggies.  Great Idea!"
"These do exactly what I needed them to do, fix the fit on a ring. They come in multiple sizes that should fit most rings. They are only for rings with a slim band however, as the hole for the band is rather small. No wide band rings would work!"
they were too big for my fingers and it was umcomfortable to wear all the time. i expected something smaller and soft.
"I don't like this because its uncomfortable and too thick. I tried wearing it for an entire day but it was too uncomfortable. I wouldn't recommend it.

The reason I brought this was because I got tired of my ring twisting and turning and it has already been sized once already."
I've used these snuggies before.  This is the second time I've ordered them.  Hard to find in stores so I go online
"I know some feedback on this item has been that it is difficult to add to ring, but I found it to be relatively easy.  It is about expectations, I think.  But, if I had arthritis it might not be easy.  So, keep in mind that it will be the same as sewing.  It is certainly much cheaper than paying for a ring adjustment, which may not be permanent (if you are like me, my ring size fluctuates with my weight :(  argggg.  But, this is a great solution.  Wish I had more in the packet."
"My mom always wrapped yarn around my large rings, this is a much better solution and I like chunky rings so the various sizes were a plus."
"These Snuggies do exactly what they are supposed to do, but they are terribly uncomfortable. Once the adjuster was on my ring, there was a space in between the two ends. This left two rather hard edges which dug into my hand and fingers. The only way to stop this was to turn my ring with the adjuster facing the outside. Needless to say this was not attractive -- my wife said as much. Eventually, I had to just give up and stop wearing the ring.

Note: I had to use the largest adjuster because of the width of my ring. The pieces become much bulkier with each size up that you need,"
"When they are on the ring, they work fine. Unfortunately, the ""split"" that allows them to be put on also allows them to work their way off pretty easily. I tried two different sizes, and both fell off and were lost."
"Ok.  These are a great idea.  They are small and unassuming.  However, they are difficult to put on and easy to lose.  I found putting them on after the ring was already was awkward.  Trying to put them on the ring first and then slipping on the ring is almost impossible if you have even a regular size knuckle."
"Quick way to help someone with an emergency but I wouldn't recommend it as a long term solution. Luckily for me, I wear rings occasionally and don't have to deal with the snuggies falling or moving. Overall, the product is okay."
"Only 1 star because even with petite hands and you have a ring that could barely fit say, one size up or down--they're awful. But now, if you have  small fingers and you want to wear a size 10 ring LOL, they're going to be perfect. The ''roll'' is huge. I ended up using electrical tape for my emergency adjustment when the weather got cold and shiveled my fingers down to a size 4 and none of these in the package fit comfortable enough to try it. I gave this pkg away."
Ring snuggies do not stay in place on your hand - work around the ring - must constantly be moved.  Actually lost one washing my  hands. Not my favorite product.
"The set of Snuggies comes in various sizes to fit the thickness of your ring's band, BUT does not allow you to adjust how much tighter you need your ring to be, so unless you need a pretty big size change, these don't work. I only needed to adjust my ring by about 1/4 to 1/2 size, and these were way to fat to help me. If you need them to adjust a much larger ring, then they might work for you, though I also had trouble getting it on and the plastic pinched my finger uncomfortably."
"This product has allowed my to delay sizing my recent diamond ring purchase.  The jeweler made it slightly too large and I wanted to take it now, come back later.  I have smallish hands and find that the tubing is too wide to wear comfortably, so I cut them in half width wise and it works fine.

Another plus--it keeps the ring from slipping and circling around the finger, diamond side down.

One negative--I wear my diamond rings stacked and can only use it on one ring or they look oddly spaced.  Otherwise, nice product.

I wonder if buying some tubing from an aquarium store or pet shop and making a slice in to allow it to go around the ring would do the same thing?  That's what I would do if I needed to buy again.  Still, good product, great idea."
Don't wast your money! should have believed the reviews. It's just a piece of plastic and didn't help at all.
"The package comes with a variety of different sized plastic tubes to fit thinner and fatter rings.  The directions say to put it on while your ring is on.  I found that extremely difficult as the plastic wasn't very easy to work with.  I put it on when the ring was off and plan to never take it off that ring.  That said, it did help the ring to slide around less on my finger."
The package comes with a few of them in different sizes but not enough of the smallest size so I only used one.
"Not that easy to get on a ring and if you go to wash your hands with the snuggie on the ring, it comes right off."
"Sadly I was forced to order these online as 2 of my local stores either discontinued or were out of stock (Cheri's is way overpriced). They are, as described: a set of six.. with two 1/8""bands for tinier rings."
"awkward fitting.. actually hurt my hand. did the job, but not well enough. only one size in the whole bag was small enough for my hands. skip this product"
this product took so loing for it to get here and this was ordered 2 times and when I finally got them they were ok
This is great for anyone in the family that has trouble with rings being too big that can't be adjusted. Nice because they are not too visible.
"Sellers are fine but the product is awful, just awful. It's tubing and I lost it first day I wore it. Why bother with another, and even being tubing, it's only a few tiny pieces of this. It's a rip off. If you want to get the product okay, but feel ripped off----buy it."
I used Ring Noodle before and they were so much better.  I bought these to try because you get more for the same price but the quality if the plastic is not good.  They tend to break and fall off very quick within a week.  The plastic does not curve like Ring Noodle brand either making it uncomfortable and much more like to snag on something or scratch your face if washing your face with it on.  I wouldn't get these again.
"I do not like this product.  The snuggies do not stay put on my rings.  They fall off, which makes the ring spin or fall off, which defeated the whole point of me buying them. Perhaps another product will work better."
"these snuggies DO work...they made my daughter's ring NOT fall off of her finger...the ONLY complaint, or let down really, is that it is too visible...I know that it has to have a thickness to work, I just hadn't pictured it correctly in my mind..."
I got the assorted pack and they all fit too tight even for my loose ring. Size 8 but my size is 7. Not worth my money. They don't even feel comfortable on my pinkie finger it makes me feel like I have a rock on my finger
"Sometimes my fingers swell, especially in warmer weather.  The ring snuggies are a practical solution.  I use one when I need to--take it off when I don't.  It's an inexpensive alternative to ring sizing.  Even my husband used a few out of the package.  He thinks they're great, too!"
"Maybe some people gave this good reviews, but I can't imagine why.  It took forever to figure out how to place these into my ring.  And even after that, it was a battle just trying to force them ""under"". But I did get the snuggles in place eventually.  I used these on two rings: one on my ring finger, and one on my pinky. I must say I've never felt anything more uncomfortable & annoying.  At all times, I was ""aware"" of these snuggles I was wearing.  They bothered me terribly!  But I left them on, thinking I'd get used to them (Even though I wasn't happy that they ""showed"" from behind, for anyone to see).  In bed that night, I tossed and turned all night because I could feel them, even in my sleep.  Needless to say, they went straight into the trash the next day :-("
These ring snuggies work perfectly and does not get in the way with your fingers. Makes the ring snug and stays in place. Love it! Great product. Thank you!
You can choose the one from a variety which fits your fingers best. i have been using this for a month now. so far no complaints!
"Would never purchase again.

Product uncomfortable and virtually of no use. Metal ring guards work much better.

Although the product itself  did not suit me, all other aspects of the company were fine."
my wife says that they need to be a little thinner. the thickness was too big and made it a bit uncomfortable.
These work and are very inexpensive. I have lost one of them because I was carrying in several bags and it slipped off while I was putting the bags down. But if you find the one that fits the ring correctly they work and are worth a couple dollars.
I ordered her a new wedding set that happened to be too big (about a size and a half) and these have worked really well at keeping the new rings on her finger
I gave it three stars because it keeps my ring from twisting around and slipping on my finger but it caused a corn on my finger. It does the job. I wouldn't recommend this product to anyone.
I thought this was overpriced for receiving 6 little pieces of plastic.  And I thought it was hard to put on the ring.  I ended up going to the hardware store and buying some plastic tubing for 29 cents a foot and created my own temporary ring sizers that worked much better.
"These are OK for a temporary ring sizing fix, but they're big, thick plastic and are very uncomfortable on your hand. you're better off getting your ring resized."
"Very good for those with large knuckles. These are easy
to put on or take off while you wear your ring(s)."
Really liked the fit and how it was not noticeable.  It was comfortable and could not even tell it was on.  I could always show off my ring and it was not always falling to the side!!!  Definately a great buy!
"Does the job exactly as it says it will! Kept ring in place, comes in all different sizes and does the job right."
like the variety of width  solved my ring problem  don't like the word requirements expected on this rating  boo boo
"These fit over the ring very well, and there are multiple sizes so if your ring is a bit thicker or skinny, I am sure you will find the size you need. The only problem is the thickness of the pastic, they are all the same thickness, it would be nicer if there were different thickness so the ring would fit tighter on my finger."
"its ok comparing to its price.but it gets loose after 2nd use.i still have those.fits perfectly..but have to be careful while washing hands..
liked it anyway..."
"They didn't work on my wedding ring. They were also too thick. I thought they looked like they work well, but it wasn't to be."
Work great and they give you lots of them so you are sure to get the right one that works for you
They do the job for the most part.. They have many for different sizes which i love. I just wish it wasn't so bulky feeling..
"These ring snuggies have solved a lot of problems for me.  My hands swell during warm weather and shrink dramatically in cold weather, changing my ring size by about a size and a half.  These plastic sizers slip onto the bottom of the shank of the ring and can be removed at any time when I need a bigger size.  I don't like spending money on sizing my rings only to have them be too small and not fit, or too loose and falling off.  This product eliminates those problems."
I have purchased ring snuggies before but the only reason I rate this as a four is that they wear out over time and they have more big sizes than smaller. I cannot complain though I need to get my ring resized and am very grateful. I would recommend.
i'm still dumbfounded i bought these ...if i had of gone to the hardware store and bought a foot of the same diameter size tubing i wouldn't have even paid as much as i did with these...that or fish tank clear tubing for a water circulator.
"These are great on oversized rings.  I just felt that the shape of them are not very comfortable when wearing them.  There are a couple of ""flat"" ones among them that are a little more comfortable - they should include more of those shaped ones in the packet.  The circular ones don't work quite as well, in my opinion."
"Cheap quality, none of the sizes fit properly, ring and snuggle slid around on finger. Overall purchase was very disappointed."
Perhaps I should have looked into this item a bit more before I purchased.  It seems that all these are is pieces of clear plastic tubing with a slice down the middle of it.  I could have went into my basement and made one for my wife in 30 seconds instead of waiting a week for it to get here.  5 stars because...well...they actually do what they advertise!
"These things are really hard to get on and off, so unless you sleep in your rings every night (ie, rarely take them off) they are simply impractical. Only wore for two days. They are comfortable. Only worked for two rings - was not able to get it around both bands and the engagement ring."
Wife needed them for some rings she has that would not fit her and these really do the job and fit nice and are comfortable too
Very uncomforable.  I needed it to keep together my wedding band and engagement ring while making them more snug.  It did the trick but the ones that actually fit were very uncomfortable. You could feel the plastic hitting your other fingers all day drove me nuts.  I finally gave up and got my ring sized.
No good item I I  don't have any more to say junk one two three four five six seven eight
"These are great. I had quite a collection of rings, but weight loss made them too big. These worked wonders! Small price to pay for being able to wear all my rings, again. Saved lots of $ by not going to a jeweler!"
uncomfortable. Falls off. pinches finger! I would rather wrap a string around my ring 40 times to make it fit rather than wear one of these. I returned it 2 days later.
Really keeps the rings from slipping on your fingers.  With the assortment you can wear various size rings in comfort.
Very fast shipping.  The only thing I don't like is they are thicker than I thought they would be.  The product could be more flexible.
got this for my annoying fiancee they were bulky and the space opened up but probably because she was messing with it.
"For the price, these ring adjusters are OK. I have found them to be uncomfortable and difficult to get on the ring. I suggest putting them on the ring prior to putting the ring on your finger!  I could only use 2 of the sizes in the package; the others are just too big and bulky."
It was exactly what it was described to be.  Got the product in an appropriate time.. all is good.  Thanks!
"The product works for sure.  But using the smallest size, it just fit without being too tight.  I wish there were smaller options as well."
Did what I wanted them to.  Would buy again.  Don't stain or degrade.  Nice price and not very noticible.  Helps when losing weight.
"These are really thick- I would only suggest getting these if your ring is HUGE- if you just have a little wiggle room, these aren't the sizers for you.

I've lost about ten pounds so it's tough to keep my rings on. I put on the smallest sizer and I couldn't get them past my knuckle.

Another problem? When I got one on I was out and about and while digging for something in a pocket it caught one something and popped off.

Rats!"
"I loved this product because now I can wear any of my rings with comfort, and without worry that they might fall off or get lost.  I love they come in different sizes to fit different rings, as well as the difference in size of my fingers."
"These do keep the ring from spinning once they are in place.  However, they are meant to be put on after the ring is already on your finger, and that was quite difficult.  It was nice to get assorted sizes in one package so you could find the right fit."
"I didn't find them to work unless the ring is way, way too big. If you can get them on the ring they are uncomfortable. I regret buying them, live and learn. I'll just get the rings sized at the jeweler."
"Ring Snuggies work just great as long as you don't have to wash your hands several times a day[isolation for a month;visiting].You have to take it off the ring,take the ring off and then afterwards you repeat the process;putting ring on then snuggie. If you just need them for going out and want to wear a ring that is too big;then they would work for that."
"Yes, they work. I wear one wrapped around both my engagement and wedding rings and they stay comfortably in place.

The only problem is that the plastic doesn't wrap completely around which leaves a gap for soap, lotion, and filth to collect. This would be a better product if an enclosure of some sort was attached to the piece."
"Product certainly works as stated, but its still just a basic fix for the problem.  If your ring is precious to you, you probably should just get it resized so it fits correctly to begin with.  The product is inexpensive enough and works as stated."
This does not do what it claims to do. After wearing it for a hour my ring was as lose as ever. After wearing it a couple of hours it fell not. Save your money it does not work.
This little piece of tubing that fits over the back of the ring works amazingly well to keep the rings in place and they do not come off. The plastic tubing is a little bulky but the ability to wear the ring makes it worth while.
"Iknow some women do not like the feel of these. however,I have fingers that swell sometimes from a medication. You can't re-size your rings constantly so I find that these work well.  In fact I have purchased some rings a full size bigger.  I wear them on the  middle finger or wear them on my 3d finger with a ring sizer. I order them 3 packs at a time."
"The product did exactly what it said it would. it makes my ring fit, and is not all that uncomortable. takes a little getting used to but it works!"
"Not much more you can say.  It fits well onto several different rings, and holds them in place.  After a weight loss, rings were getting loose and falling off.  These keep them on, and are a much better alternative than resizing."
"Works ok, but I can go to Lowe's Home Improvement and but the same product by the foot and cut myself."
I recently paid a lot of money having two rings sized. Who knew that this product would do the same thing at a fraction of the cost. Very happy.
"My order was delivered promptly and professionally by the seller.  The ring snuggie is a good product for individuals who have large knuckles. Nonetheless, when washing your hands, make sure you wash the snuggie thoroughly as debris may collect within the center of the snuggie."
"I need an adjuster for a wide band. The adjusters I bought only fit a ring that narrows on the back/under side of the ring. I thought the various sizes would include one that was for that kind of ring. I did manage to put the largest size on the ring but it came off during the day.  The product works fine for rings of narrow width. Nothing wrong with the product, just not the product I needed.
Would love to know of an adjuster for a wide band. Thanks."
Ring Snuggies are far from snuggie. They are way to bulky and they hurt your finger. They are very uncomfortable. I bought these for my husbands ring and he doesn't like it at all. I even tried it on and it is not worth it. The only good thing is that they do help with tighting of the ring but it is not worth the money or greif to deal with this.
"After fighting to get the piece on the ring it fell off when i put the ring on,I was hoping these would work."
"I had a hard time keeping the snuggie around my ring and keeping the ring on my finger, didn't really seem to fit rings properly, not very comfortable to wear, tended to get snagged on things including my hair."
Is this the perfect solution?  No but it seems the perfect solution has not yet been invented.  The ring snuggies did work as well as promised.  I have a three band wedding set that was a bit big since I've lost weight.  The bands used to move around too much.  The ring snuggie helped with both problems.  My only complaint is that it is a bit too tight sometimes and can make my finger look fat.  I'm hoping it will eventually conform more to my finger and stretch out a bit. In the meantime its better than nothing.
"As I lose weight, this product is the perfect solution for my wedding rings to continue to fit.  Thanks for the multiple sizes!"
"These ring adjusters are not worth the price.  Most women's rings have a small band and package only has 1 or 2 in the whole package.  Even then, with a heavy stone, they tend to slide around or come off altogether and get lost.  Would not recommend these at all."
"These are terrible! You can buy tubing at a hardware store and make your own so you can see how bad these are. Cut a piece of tubing and then make a slit  long ways. That is all they are. The first day the tubing fell off my ring 3 times. I used them on 3 rings. The others didn't fall off, but the tubing constantly spins around the rings so the tubing is on top trying to walk up over the stones. You have to adjust them all day long! Go to a jeweler and get the metal kind. They will put them on and they work much better. That is what I am going to do!!"
"Ring Snuggies,a bit cumbersome,and found them a bit lumpy.
Sorry but I would prefer something that would fit without
being annoying to my fingers."
The order was sent on time and was great. When I put the snuggie on the back of the ring I can always feel it. I really don't like the feel. This product may work for you. They are cheap so no big deal.
These are great esp for those like me who have my fingers that get loose. I enjoy these because they come in different sizes and it adds a bit of security that my ring is not going to accidentially slip off.
"I tried it to see if it would hold my wedding band and engagement ring together. I don't want to solder them. The ring snuggles are SO bulky I would never wear them on a regular basis. Also, for this purpose your two rings would also have to be too big on your finger because the snuggies are meant to make the ring size smaller. So for this purpose they get a 1. For costume jewelry you want to wear every so often these might be more practical."
My order didn't come. I contacted the comp. They replaced my order. I was disappointed with the cheap rubber that keep coming off my ring. I tried even melting it together. Not good would not waste your money!
These are fabulous!  After a few minutes you don't notice these on. i love that I can wear rings that have been handed down  to me without the risk of being damaged if proffesionally sized.
These snuggles are cheap and they get the job done. They are deff innately worth the money. I love them <3
"The variety of sizes was great, but once on, it kept popping off.  I ended up taking the ring back to the jewelers to have jewelers beads put in."
"I ordered these ""snuggies"" because my engagement ring is a little loose, and while me fiancee says I should get it sized, I am hesitant to do something permanent to the ring until I at least see how it stays on with a properly sized wedding band also on the finger. I remember seeing a product like this in catalogs when I was younger, and a quick search found this product. It is very economical and I can't complain about shipping - they arrived in just a few days. I am disappointed more in the material and size - though these are supposed to be ""assorted sizes,"" only the center hole to fit the actual ring is different in size. The diameter of all of the pieces is about equal. They are also on the thick side - I did manage to get one on my finger and my ring is definitely not going anywhere now, but it's a little uncomfortably tight.

Now, if you have a big heavy fashion ring (I have a few Fossil rings that I could only find in size 7 and are huge on me), this are a great solution. Paying a jeweler to size a $30 ring would be crazy, and they are big enough that the snuggies are practically unnoticeable on my finger. I would only recommend these if your ring is at least a full size too big."
Works very well on rings that are larger than finger. Does not come off. Difficult to apply.  Recommend this product.
"When I received my ring spacers/protector they arrived very quickly.  Mine were for a man's ring almost all of them were too small, next the only one that fit cut off my circulation and really tore up my finger at the same time. They are made of really hard plastic with sharp edges which dig in. I would of expected softer plastic.  I ended up using tape and threw the rest of them away..;("
"they do not work. My knuckles are enlarged because of arthitis but my fingers are thin now. I can still get my rings over the knuckle but they slide all over on my finger. I thought this would be the answer , but they are very, very uncomfortable. I would give this a zero."
These are pretty awesome. I was a little apprehensive about them because they look cheap but they're pretty awesome. I've been using bandaids as a crappy substitute and this is so much better! They're comfortable and they fit really well. I would definitely buy them again.
"This product works great, i needed this item to make my ring just alittle more tight and it did that perfectly and i also like that its clear so it blends with the ring color"
"I think they are just fine, especially at their price! Yes, they are a little uncomfortable and weird if you shake somebody's hand, but I have very slender fingers and I can wear my favorite rings!"
"My fiance's ring was a bit too big but we didn't want to get it resized because we may need it to sit higher up on the wedding bands. So until we get that figured out, I bought these and they are great! She says they are very comfortable, after a while you don't feel anything on there, and now I don't have to worry about that expensive ring flying off her finger and getting lost! Great buy, highly recommend!"
Just what my husband needs to be able to wear his wedding band again after losing weight. Thank you so much!
"El producto enviado fue exactamente el mismo que se ve en la imagen, lo recibi en el tiempo prometido y en excelente estado, lo recomiendo."
great concept but bulky on the bottom so it scratched me.  I guess it did it's job as a temp fix.  Just went and had my ring sized now I'm happy.
"As the title suggests, Ring Snuggies work fine! They were the best alternative to re-sizing that I could find. They were somewhat uncomfortable, but again, the best thing I could fine. The LEAST UNcomfortable, so to speak. I wouldn't use this long-term, but it served my purposes -- to keep my ring from slipping off during a week-long beach vacation. Plus, I plan on keeping them around in my jewelry box for other opportunities until they get lost or break somehow. The pack comes with varying sizes and thicknesses, so the chances are higher of one of them working for your ring type. I my experience, these were worth the money. Good luck!"
I order them & they are too thick they bother me I have to keep taking it off I order another one that its the shape of the ring curves and it doesn't bother me at all.
Good temporary fix for your rings. I would not recommend wearing it for longer than 2 months. It doesn't hurt your finger but its always in the way if you want to shake somebody's hand or simply wash your hands with soap.
When I ordered this I thought I was getting the assorted sizes package that was pictured.  I was sent the jumbo assorted sizes package.  This may work for a man's ring but not for a woman's ring.  I would send it back but not worth the expense.
Good buy...exactly what i needed. Assorted size for all ring widths and much cheaper online than at retail store prices.
"I recently received my grandmother's wedding ring to wear, but it was about one size too big. And one of these snuggies makes it feel perfect! I didn't want to get the ring resized because it has such great sentimental value. Last time I had a ring resized, it shattered, and I would certainly not want that to happen to this ring! The snuggies take a few minutes to get used to. They felt a little bulky at first and they might look a bit odd on the underside of your hand, but they work great.

The only issue I can see for some is that the snuggies are all the same thickness. What they mean by different sizes is the width/thickness of your ring. Some have larger holes in them to fit thicker rings, but the thickness of the snuggie itself is the same.

Also, the package says they can be put on while the ring is on your finger, but I couldn't do that. I had to take it off to put on the snuggie.

Hope this helps!"
I bought a ring that was a size too big.  I saw the snuggies online and decided to buy them and see if they worked.  They make my ring fit perfectly and stay in place on the ring. I am very satisfied!  I will definitely buy again and recommend them to others.
Works well! I bought this because i'm trying to decide whether or not to solder my e-ring and wedding ring. I'm glad I got the assorted pack because the sizes are very different! My only complaint is I wish there were multiples of the same size.
"I needed to size down my engagement ring by about 1.5 sizes.  The ring snuggie is exactly right.  I do not find it uncomfortable at all.  I can feel it on my hand but it doesn't bother me.  In fact, it makes me feel more secure knowing my ring is not going to slip off.  Prior to finding the snuggie I could not wear my ring at all, because the style is such that I could not have it sized down by a jeweler.  I am very grateful for the ring snuggie."
"They are very clunky so if you need an emergency hold for a special occasion, these will be fine. I imagine if you have a piece of jewelry you don't wear every day and don't want to adjust it, get them for that one time you want to wear it. But they are not OK for everyday use. It's just inconvenient. Washing my hands, soap got in them and then it's hard to get the water out of the loops. And it's comfortable, but not unnoticeable."
"I'm not sure I understand the reviewers who gave this a poor rating. For a few bucks, this item does precisely what it purports to do and looks exactly like the pictures. It is a small clear plastic tube that goes the underside of your ring. I did not find it difficult to slip onto my ring (which I did while it was off) and while the tubing is quite thick all around, it does the trick, which is to keep the ring from falling off by reducing the size. It does not keep the ring from turning. The various assorted sizes refers to the inside of the tubing -- meaning for various thicknesses of bands. One nice surprise is that two of the tubes were for squarer (as opposed to cylindrical bands) and that is what I have. My boyfriend and I went with a ring that because it's a woven band and from a specific Italian designer, could neither be sized nor did we want to wait for another size to arrive (in Italian time) six months from our date of purchase. So this nifty gadget allows me to wear the ring and it cost me only $3. Happy for the convenience, and not expecting massive changes to my jewellery for that small amount of money. I'm pleased and wished I'd learned about this invention earlier. Also the seller I bought it from on Amazon, QualityDeals, shipped it super fast and well packed."
the delivery was fast and prompt. the rings adjusters are amazing. you cannot feel them at all. they are perfect. my boyfriend has small fingers so they helped greatly. my size 6 ring is now a size 5. very well done.
These are a waste of money. I tried the smallest size for an antique ring and it would not stay on.  I'm very disappointed. It would cost too much to return (compared to the purchase price) so into the trash they will go.
Bought these for the wife. She hasn't tried them yet. I wrote this review so I would stop receiving the emails to do so!
"As others have mentioned, it's really just some plastic tubing... nothing really special but it does work.
They feel awkward to wear, you are constantly aware that the piece of plastic is there, not just your ring.

Regardless, they do help by doing exactly as advertised.

Would I buy them again... unlikely.  I would probably just get the ring re-sized."
"Before getting these I had lost my ring within a day and a half of getting it. Needless to say, losing my engagement ring was not an option and I didn't want to not have it while it was resized (plus, sometimes it fits, sometimes it doesn't). After finding the right ""snuggie"" size I have not had an issue since. There are a variety of different sizes in this pack and even some that will work with two rings (i.e. engagement ring and wedding band) together.

The only problem is that when I go to rub my face or push my hair back the edges of the plastic can kinda scratch my skin, or the place where the plastic is separated from itself can catch my hair (not very frequently though as you can place that part against your hand rather than facing out).

But, all in all, it works very well. I would highly recommend it- especially if your hands swell and shrink with changes in temperature. I never have had to take it off because it's just the right size even with the swelling. It's just enough to keep it on your hand and not strangle your fingers. It's perfect!"
"I purchased this product for my fiance and unfortunately the Ring Snuggies did not ""work"" at all.  It was very difficult to put a snuggy on her ring without the ring being on her finger, and it was downright impossible to put the snuggy on the ring with it on her finger.  Further, the only snuggies we were able to ""activate"" - put on a ring without it being on her finger - were the three largest of the six in the pack.  We were completely unable to affix any of the three smallest snuggies on either of her rings with which we were testing the snuggies.

I'm appreciative of the following things:
1. The total cost of this product, including shipping, was under $6.
2. My fiance and friends have a new expression/ metaphor, thanks to our experience with this product:
""_____ was worse than a Ring Snuggie!  It was terrible""
""At least _____ isn't a Ring Snuggie."""
"<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Ring-Snuggies-Ring-Sizer-Assorted-Sizes-Adjuster-Set-of-Six-Per-Pack/dp/B006O0YXNU/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Ring Snuggies ~ Ring Sizer / Assorted Sizes Adjuster Set of Six Per Pack</a>&nbsp;and B0014DGXU8, Original Ring Adjusters which comes in different sizes per pack.  I bought these from Amazon, as well as 'yellow gold' metal ring adjusters last November.  It was very cold inside the supermarket last fall; I lost another ring three times because my fingers shrank, but did nothing about trying these until last night when, with the advent of premature Spring (so far,) my thick ring began twisting on me.
The assortment offers these plastic findings in round shapes, with a round i.d. and o.d. as well as the one(s) I have tried, which are more elliptical than round.  The shape on the inside of each is also elliptical.
At first, my eyes being what they are, I only saw the larger of two, and tried it, but after a night of being too conscious of it when I awoke to turn over, I checked the card contents, and found the smaller one.
My ring finger knuckle has always been large, but I had no difficulty installing the finding on the ring after I was already wearing it.  And voila!  it feels so much better that I plan on not being aware of it at all.
I have several rings, bought from the Q before the economy hit the fan (which means I bought my jewelry ""right,"") and no doubt will require more of these for them.  It was always difficult for me to order the correct size for the intended finger.  My late father was in the business, and I have a sizer in a box somewhere, but check out this department; Amazon has a tiny tape measure just for measuring fingers.  (I have a man's hand, and cannot wear women's gloves, but small to medium men's gloves do the trick.)
I do wonder if the plastic wears out after some time.  I will not be purposefully sleeping with those other rings, but even with regular every-day use. . .  Will I need to order more today to account for planned obsolescence later?
(For the uninitiated, the word ""findings"" means something to those in the trade.  Small pieces like these, pierced earring attachments, chain extenders, clasps, et.al. are known by that term.)
Thanks, Amazon, for the RINGie dingies."
"This was a waste of money.  They were too fat, too long, too hard to get on my rings.  Even after I finally got them on my ring it was so bulky I could't close my hand into a fist.  Don't waste your money.  I read a review that said the same thing but decided to give it a shot anyway.  Bad idea!"
"I was in a bind. My fiancee's ring was a whole 1 ring size too big. She actually lost it when we went skiing in the snow. Miraculously we found it! However I didn't want to have that happen to us again so I bought these as a stop gap solution until we got married or we resized the ring.

Pros:
- Kept the ring securely on her finger

Cons:
- It was a bit too secure and unfortunately she had a hard time dealing with it.
- It's not very easy to slip on or off.
- The thickness of the plastic pieces are all the same. This means that the different pieces don't help you if your ring is +0.5 or +1.5. It just adjusted for the same amount and in our cases even with a whole 1.0 ring size difference it was still too large!
- Plastic piece gets dirty after a while.

I would only think about this as a safe stop-gap solution until you get a more permanent resizing."
I have very small fingers but big knuckles. The very smallest of these snuggies was huge. I need something thin and narrow to fit my small ring and fingers. Help!
"I bought the Ring Snuggies after I lost the baby weight from having my son. I have no clue why I lost weight in my fingers but I did. Before going out and getting my rings re-sized I thought I would give it some time. In the mean time, I needed a solution to keep my rings from sliding off and possibly losing them.

I tried a couple of options first:

- I tied string around them under my finger and it worked, but it looked awful. I didn't think it would be noticable, but apparently I talk with my hands and this makes it very visible!
- I also tried a product similar to this:<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Sizing-Ring-Guard/dp/B0028BSEOI/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Sizing Ring Guard</a>. Once again, it worked, but it looked terrible as you could see the sizer on the sides. Also, it began collecting ""grime"" between the sizer and the ring. I don't wear my rings while showering or washing my hands so I'm not sure how it happened, but it did. Disgusting!

My final attempt was the Ring Snuggie. It has worked like a charm! I'd like to warn that if your ring(s) have a thick band, you might want to get the ""Jumbo Ring Snuggies"" My engagement ring and wedding band put together are 6mm and the largest snuggie in the pack barely fits. Although, I think it may have stretched a little over the past month so it works just fine now. Other reviews have mentioned that their rings cannot be put on or taken off with the Snuggie already on and I have found the same thing. It's slightly inconvenient if you are taking your rings on/off all day long like me, but you get used to it and better at it. The deciding factor for me is that the Ring Snuggie is clear. I'm sure if someone was starring or if you pointed it out, they would see it but when you're just waving your hands around while talking (like many women do! haha), it's not noticeable.

Overall, it's a good product and in my opinion the best option out there for ring sizers. Eventually I will get my rings re-sized if needed, but this is a good temporary fix. I'd recommend it to others."
This package comes with about 6 different sizes in the package.  They are clear pvc and are flexable.  The perfect size for my ring was not included but there were a couple that were close enough.  They will work as a short term fix as I lose weight so that I don't have to get my ring sized to keep from losing it.  They are not something you would want to use forever because they add bulk to the back of the ring and aren't as comfortable.
I purchased this as a gift for my mom and she said that they work very well and fit her rings great.  She gave me one of the ring snuggies to try on one of my rings and they work great.  They are just like they are described and you get a few sizes so you can choose which one fits your ring best to get a comfortable fit.
it wasn't much to risk so I tried it. I find it hard to believe anyone would find this comfortible to wear for very long - I tried it for a couple weeks before taking it off.
I bought these to size a promise ring my boyfriend got me for christmas so I didn't have to pay for expensive sizing and I'm very pleased! You can't even tell they are on your finger and are very comfortable and easy to put on and take off. Great product and a cheap alternative!
"I read all the reviews about this product and was a little hesitant. Yes, it is true, the Ring Snuggies are little pieces of inexpensive plastic -- but the bottom line is they work. It only takes a second to put them on and it instantly solves the problem of having a ring travel all over your finger, or come off. If you have a ring you've been wanting to wear but are afraid of losing, this is a quick, practical fix. You can be wearing your ring five seconds after opening the package of Ring Snuggies."
"Difficult to fit the snuggie onto the ring, but they seem to roll off during wear. I've lost half the package within a month."
Love these.  Now I can wear costume jewelry!  My fingers are tiny and these snuggies allow me to wear funky rings without having to keep an eye on them :)
"These were purchased for an elderly relative whose fingers have shrunk.  She wanted to keep wearing her various rings.  All these ring snuggies are is a collection of various sizes of short lengths of clear vinyl tubing like the airline tubing for tropical fish.  You just find the slit and put them on the ring.  Even though she had worn the rings for decades and is quite inactive, she reported that the snuggies did not stay on.  We tried all the smaller sizes in the pack without success.  They would be especially inappropriate for a wide ring considering the size of plastic tubing required.  If your ring is too large and has any value to you, it is best to take it to a jeweler for a professional metal size reducer before you lose it, or wear on a chain."
"These do what they are intended to do, it takes a little to get accustomed to them but they do help."
"My mom has issues with big knuckles but small fingers.  For her rings to fit, she has to have a large size to go over her knuckles but then it slides around.  With this on her ring, she can once again wear her wedding ring."
"These work for not very long. If you pick something up sometimes they pop off. They are hard to put on too and they feel okay, but fall off once you have worn them for a while."
"FOR THE FIRST TIME IN ALMOST 3 YEARS I CAN AGAIN WEAR MY WEDDING RING, THANKS TO YOUR PRODUCT.
IT IS A SHAME TO WASTE THE OTHER 4 PIECES; TOO BAD YOU DON'T OFFER INDIVIDUAL SIZED PACKAGED, WITH 5 OF THE SAME...
PERHAPS SOON...LOVE IT."
these only fit around rings with skinny bands. it's so frustrating trying to shove my rings inside one of these things and the tubes are so thick they look clumsy and cheap.
There needs to be a way to adust the sizes because my ring still turns around. They are are okay.
Just spend the money to get your ring properly sized... I found this item to be irritating and just silly.
"I started loosing enough weight it showed in my fingers and unfortunately it was the finger which I wore a very special ring. So now, thanks to these important little items, I can save a very precious item and keep it close to my body at all times without being concerned that I will loose it. Thanks so much for a great item as it has saved me tons of money in having something resized again."
"I purchased these ring snuggies at Walmart (vs. Amazon).  They are the exact same snuggies, only Walmart's price is just $3.00!  You can find them in any Walmart's jewelry department.  These really do work great.  I, like other reviewers, have to have my rings a little larger to fit over my knuckle.  However, once the ring is over the knuckle, the ring will then be too big and twirl around my finger.  These snuggies solve the problem perfectly.  The package will come with six different size snuggies.  The key to having them work properly is to pick the right size for the ring's band width.  If you do this, then you should be able to wear your ring just fine.  I would definitely recommend this product as a quick and easy way to make your rings fit.  If you can't find them at Walmart, then ordering them through Amazon still seems like a reasonable deal, especially with free shipping."
"I previously left a review of this product because I think it's just fantastic! Brilliant and simple fix. In fact, I have ordered this item multiple times and been very happy with the service!"
"These are nothing I would ever recommend.  When you put them on you're ring, it is like having a lump of something in you're hand when you grab something or make a fist.  I wish I had never wasted my money on these."
"If you only need your ring to be 1/2 - 1 size smaller these won't work.  These are for rings that are really way too big, not rings that are only slightly too big.  I went back to using a band-aid cut in half and wrapping that around the ring."
"I was excited to receive these because my wedding band is just a little too big and I don't always like to wear my engagement ring when I'm working just to make sure the band doesn't slip off. However when I got these, they were WAY too thick. I'd say my wedding band is maybe 1/2 to 1 size too big and putting even the smallest snuggie on made it way too tight and practically cut off circulation. Also, they were very difficult to put on/get off (especially after the ring is on your finger) even if you soak them in hot water to soften them up. I was quite disappointed with ring snuggies."
"I was disappointed with the items.  They are too hard to actually open up and place on the ring.  I had to have my fiancee actually slip it on the ring because the slit opening that is supposed to stretch open to go around the ring would not budge. This was true for all ring sizes, from the smallest to the big one.  What a pain to put on!
I also found it that they are too hard and bulky and uncomfortable to the touch.
Not satisfied with them at all."
"Received these the other day in the mail. They are ok, but makes the ring too tight. A little uncomfortable at times. I'm trying a spring ring guard next to see if that is any better."
"I just got my ring snuggies and now I don't have to worry about my ring falling off.  Some are a little harder to get on a ring than others, but I knew that going in.  So glad I ordered this.  My wedding band has been slipping off in my sleep lately and now I do not need to worry about it.  Easy on and easy off so I can still take off the ring in the shower."
Great price for a useful product. Multiply sizes and band shapes to help keep your jewelry where it should be.
I just needed something to get me by for a week or so before I take my ring in to be sized and these seemed like the thing I needed. I just received them and have had one on for 3 hours and it works great. I slipped it on before putting my ring on my finger. No pinching or scratching. For the price you can't beat it.
"I've lost almost 200 lbs so all my rings are huge. Instead of getting all of them sized I tried this first. WOW now my rings fit perfectly and I don't have to invest in getting them made smaller, which was going to cost me about $30.00 per ring. The metal ring sizers scratch your rings up really bad and they actually scratch your finger and hurt. I don't like those. Plus they cost about $8.00 each. I placed my order for these on 6/24 and received them 6/28. Now that is what I call very fast delivery. I will buy again from this company again. Their service is excellent."
"The snuggies work. Yet, they need sizes that are not so thick. Sometime just need a little to keep ring snug"
"incredibly uncomfortable when worn, and it didn't do that great of a job keeping the ring on my wife's finger.  chucked them in the garbage as a lesson learned.  save your money and get your ring sized by a jeweler."
I guess I should have listened to the low reviews of this product. I received the ring snuggies today and am very disappointed with them. I should have gone to the hardware store and bought a piece of aquarium tubing. These are a total joke and I'm so sorry I suckered myself into buying them. Don't waste your money......
"The Ring Snuggies do exactly what I wanted. My fiance guessed a little too large on my engagement ring, and the snuggie keeps my ring snugly on my finger (and keeps it from spinning around) until we can get it resized. I was afraid to get a metal resizer, since I've read that those can scratch your ring. With the snuggies, you just pop it on there (easier if you warm the plastic in your hand first). I have found that I usually have to have my ring off to put the snuggie on instead of being able to put the snuggie on my ring while it's on my finger. It's not a big deal for me, but for people with really big or arthritic knuckles, it might be uncomfortable to force the tightened ring back on over their knuckles. I have not found the plastic to be bothersome, as other reviewers have mentioned, but the sides of the plastic can scratch if you're not careful. I was already used to that with my diamond, so it really hasn't caused me a problem. As another reviewer mentioned, water can get in the snuggie when you wash your hands, so you do have to watch that, but I just use a paper towel and it sucks out the water by capillary action. No biggie. As for it being ""just a cheap piece of plastic that you could make yourself,"" well, of course I could. I recognize that I'm paying for convenience. It does the job I wanted and for a price I can easily afford. I have no real complaints about this product and would buy it again."
"very difficult to get it on my ring, both on and off of my finger, even though it says to put it on with the ring on"
"Work great, but tends to turn a yellowish color after a few weeks of wearing which is not too attractive.  Very comfortable though."
"A nice product. I recomend it because is useful for it purpose.  Try it or buy it. Again, buy it."
"The ring wraps are cheap but easy to loose. I got a package of and I already lost two. They ok to wear and I you need it then buy a package of a 100 counts. You might not loose your ring (that probably worth to save and keep) but be ready to loose your ring wrappers, guards, snuggies or whatever you want to call it."
This product is a great solution for a couple rings that I love and haven't been able to wear! Now they fit comfortabley. Very affordable!
"My engagement and wedding rings are not soldered so they often spin based on how swollen my fingers are at any given moment.  I was hoping I'd find a ring adjuster that allowed me to fit the two bands in one adjuster so they'd stay put and not spin. I can fit both rings into one of the Snuggies, but the Snuggie is so thick I can't get it and the rings back onto my finger. A hard plastic adjuster that is thinner and can accommodate two thin bands is something I'm still looking for."
"I bought the ring snuggies in order to resize my engagement ring. i have small fingers so the only one that would fit was the smallest size. was not able to put any of them on while the ring was on my finger, had to take the ring off and pop it on that way. when its on the plastic edge digs into my skin and its so bulky that i can feel it the whole time. it feels unnatural and i found it pretty annoying after a few days and had to take it off. i rather have my ring turn from side to side then feel the bulky plastic snuggie digging into my finger.
It's a very simple product and it does work but its to much of a hassle and way to uncomfortable."
I ordered ring snuggies the other day because my wedding ring kept sliding off my finger. I do not take my ring off at all so I ordered your product to eleveate that problem. It works Great and I could not be more pleased. A whole lot cheaper than having the ring sized. I reccomend it!
"Yes, having one of these pieces of plastic tubing on my ring prevents it from slipping off my finger, so they work as advertised. The design (or materials), though, could use work. The tubing is thick, and thus sticks out from the bottom of my finger. It's also pretty noticeable. Finally, the edges are very sharp. I cut my forehead accidentally when I was running my fingers through my hair. I'd hate to be shaking hands with someone and scratch their palm. I wore one of these for a day and then gave up as I could just not adjust to it. At least they were cheap."
"The assortment fits different ring sizes - but only for rings that aren't over 7/8 of an inch - a disappointment.  I had a couple of new rings that were slipping off my fingers, and found the largest size in the assortment did fit one of the rings - and worked fairly well.  My only complaint is that the ring itself, as well as the ring snuggie, sometimes moves around my finger as I wear it.  It's a band ring, with the stone set in it quite flat and narrower than the band, so the whole thing slides.  And this means that I occasionally look down and find I am wearing a snuggie visible on my finger (a thick piece of plastic - not all that attractive), sitting next to the stone, or (when the stone itself slips around to the inside) I am wearing a snuggie instead of the stone.  I really need to go to a jeweler and get these rings sized.

But for a ring with a larger stone (one that would not slip around the finger so easily), the snuggie might well have worked.  I didn't have the trouble others reported getting it on - but I did hold it in the palm of my hand a while to warm it up first, as one of the reviewers suggested."
"These guards do not maintain their shape due to any type of heat your hands are involved in.  The guards often slide off.
Metal is better.  Will never purchase these again!"
"The seller is really communicative and a fast shipper!

This product comes with a variety pack of ring snuggies in several sizes. My ring is very thin so I used the smallest snuggie and it made it quite snug.  I've only worn it for a day because the edges of the snuggie irritate my fingers.  I wish the plastic was thinner (not quite so snug) and the edges were beveled or softened.  The plastic (after only one day) is still very stiff.  I will try to heat it with my hair dryer to make it more comfortable.

Works to make your ring fit snugly--Yes
Comfortable--Not for me
Other--This product is a variety of sizes of snuggies.  If you only need one size this is not the product for you.  If you need various sizes, you will love it.<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Ring-Snuggies-THE-ORIGINAL-RING-ADJUSTERS/dp/B0014DGXU8/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Ring Snuggies ""THE ORIGINAL RING ADJUSTERS""</a>"
"These tubes are hard, unwielding plastic. They vary in length (which you can cut down) but not really in thickness - which is the variety you need to tighten the fit of your ring.
If you manage to find the size tube that works for you, after a few minutes you may find it very uncomfortable. If the plastic were softer or more pliable, they might be tolerable but instead it feels as if you have a stone or pebble in your hand, wedged between your ring and finger. Ironically, it feels exactly like when your ring turns and the stone is facing your palm - the very problem I bought these to solve."
"I didn't expect much from these, but they work fairly well. I usually have the sizer above my hand and visible rather than below it, as I have to use the jumbo one and it can get somewhat irritating. If I want to go anywhere and don't want the sizer visible, I'll just put it on the bottom and it's not too much of an inconvenience. I'm satisfied with them and had no problems."
"It's not very comfortable, very thick and pretty hard to get on. But quite honestly, for the price they are worth it. They do the job and that's what I bought them for. I lost a lot of weight and went down a ring size. Now my engagement ring doesn't flip completely around when I'm using my hands, and it doesn't feel like it's going to fall off."
The snuggies are too hard to get on and they are too bulky.  I did not need to adjust the size very much and even the smallest one was to bulky.
Product does what it's supposed to do. Purchased for my mother her hands swell and go back to normal. when her hands are normal she wears the sizers when her hands swell she takes them off. This allows her to wear rings all the time. Good product for the price. Recived the item quickley no problems.
They work well. They were a little hard to get on at first and it took a while to figure out what worked but now it is all good. I'm glad I found them.
"Like others, I have arthritic fingers.  And so I need a ring that will fit over the knuckles.  When it finally comes to rest where the finger meets the hand, I have gone from a size 6 or 7 (knuckles) to a 5 or 5-1/2.  So my rings flop around and drive me crazy.  I always put the ring on first.  Then spread apart the Snuggie a bit and put it over the ring shank, slit side down, of course.  Then push it on, being sure both ends of the slit are on the ring shank.  Then, spin that Snuggie around the ring shank so the cut side is to the outside.  This assures it won't come off.  I don't notice the Snuggie on my finger after awhile.  When my mother reached her 90's, she insisted on wearing her gorgeous estate rings (which I now have!) and we used the Snuggies to keep them on her very thin and frail fingers.  I have tried just about every way to keep rings from twisting, and these Snuggies are the best (and for the price).  Don't give up on them.  It takes a bit to master them!  I love my rings and refuse to let them sit in a jewelry box because they don't fit quite right."
"Serves the purpose. Did not hurt me and ring stayed in place. However you have to put it after you put the ring on your finger, and that's kind of a pain."
I got this for my husband's wedding band. The biggest snuggie was too small for normal band and it broke very fast.
"I have very small fingers and it is very hard to find rings in my size 5 or 6. The different ring adjusters worked perfect for all types of rings!
I am now able to purchase more rings!"
"This was the best thing I could have purchased 4 holding my wedding ring in place, that other ring guard would cut my skin after a while from putting it on and taking it off, my finger would get small cuts from twisting it(that was a waste), I'm happy with Ring Snuggies. I simply LOVE IT!!"
Second set I have ordered from this seller.  Friend wanted some so gave them as a gift.  Love them!!!  Thank you!!!!
It fit on my ring great. Wore one for a month before it popped off while I was working.
"This product is worthless in my opinion. It may work in some conditions, but for our needs, it fell way short of what was promised. They are too small for any larger ring size, were as cheaply made as possible, and I agree with other reviewers...just get a piece of tubing from Petsmart or a similar store to achieve the same type of results as 1/100 of the price! Don't bother with this worthless product!"
"It is not bent at all to go around the ring so it sticks way out but it short and is too painful to wear-just cheap plastic tubing with slit. I think it is more for a ring that is like 6 sizes too big but I still don't see how it could ever be comfortable. I tried it for a few hours and i scratched my face with it 3 times. It is like wedging a piece or hard plastic between the ring and your finger, so either the open edge with the sharp edges is on your finger (which is impossible) or you have to have it facing outward where you scratch everything else! Doesn't work at all."
"Want to spend the day wondering what that uncomfortable chunk of plastic on your finger is?  Then by all means buy one of these.  Yes, it will keep your ring from falling off but I'd rather not wear the ring at all then put up with these things."
"My wife and I went with wide, tungsten carbide bands for our wedding bands. I tried on a tungsten carbide ring at the jeweler to get an idea of my ring size (~7-7.5) and ended up ripping skin off of my knuckle when I tried to remove the ring. So instead I ordered a 7.5 size band. When I got it it ended up slipping off my knuckles on most colder days and hoola-hooping around my much narrower finger. Being formerly of the mechanic trade, I have knuckles that are rather much larger than the rest of my fingers and so although the 7.5 fits snugly around my knuckle, there were days when it would simply slip off and the rest of the time was very loose and uncomfortable to wear. I don't know if you've ever tried to find a ""metal"" alternative for a tungsten carbide ring sizer, but if you have or are looking, I wish you the best of luck because you're not likely to find one either on Amazon or anywhere else. Which made the ""ring snuggies"" and similar ""cheap, pvc tubing"" ring adjusters pretty much my only option.
  I got these today in the mail and I have to say that I am absolutely loving them! I had to use the largest size in the package and it doesn't fit squarely around my ring but I think that might, in its own way, be better. I flipped the snuggie once it was on my ring so that the round, uncut side of the pvc tubing faces my finger and there is absolutely no discomfort to wearing it and it fixes the annoying ""looseness"" of my ring previously. I can now wear my ring with the confidence that it won't fly off my finger if I flick my hand too hard. I would highly recommend these if you have a band that is made out of an alternative/rare metal and or a very wide band as the selection of metal resizers seems to be limited for people with similar rings."
Just a piece of tubing and it still doesn't prevent spin of the ring nor is it comfortable.  I wasted 5 dollars.
"I like the metal ones better that fit along your rings contours, these ones seem to make the ring tight against my finger and are bulky and hard to get used to."
"I bought these tring to save time from going to jeweler. I lost weight so my ring is a little loose. Rather than have to get my ring fixed again if I gain some weight back I thought I would give these a try. Awful. They pinch your finger and if you get it adjusted so that it does not pinch your finger it sweats under it as it is a soft plastic. If you get water near it, it sucks inside and it very hard to dry up. Would not recommend or maybe find a metal one."
"I laud the ""inventor/s"" of the Ring Snuggies. This is a very creative use of a vinyl  tubing. These Ring Snuggies are nothing more than vinyl tubing that has been cut into short pieces and then cut on one side lengthwise. For those who have access to flexible tubings (PVC, Tygon, etc.) of any kind (those working in labs), you can cut your own tubing. Even if you don't work in a lab, these flexible tubings are also sold in hardware stores (plumbing section). The 1/4""-OD (outer diameter) clear vinyl tubings cost less than $2 per 10 ft at hardware stores. Bigger OD tubings cost a little more.

And, yes, the advice by other reviewers of heating the Ring Snuggies works. That works for most flexible tubings. Heating (placing in hot or boiling water) them up will make them more pliable, thus easier to fit over your ring.

It's practical but not very comfortable for me to have a tubing digging into the underside of my finger. In addition, if you wear your ring all the time (gardening, cooking, washing, in the shower, etc.), dirt/scum will eventually accumulate inside the tubing. Of course, if you make your own Ring Snuggies at less than $1 per foot, it's not a big deal to throw away dirty Ring Snuggies weekly or every few weeks.

I prefer silicone that's applied on the inside of the ring. There's no hard thing protruding and digging into my finger. There's no tiny space between the ring and adjuster (since the silicone is painted over the inside of the ring) that will accumulate dirt.

I use Liquid Nails 100% silicone, but any brand of silicone will do. I just apply a thin film on the inside of the ring and let it cure for a day. Some people buy ""liquid silicone"" which has thinner consistency than adhesive or caulk silicone. Some people ""dilute"" their silicone with solvents, but that's too much work for me. Regular silicone works just fine for me. I just wet my finger with soapy water (just like when you're caulking your bathroom/kitchen) and press/spread to even out the silicone on my ring. The silicone film sticks strongly but is still easy to remove (scratch end with finger nail then peel off). It won't last forever. At some point, it will not look so nice. How long (a month or several months) depends on how often you wear your ring or the work you do with your hands while you're wearing your ring."
They are so much better than the metal ones! It fits perfect and comfortable to wear. No sharp edges. My wedding ring manage to stay put and it doesn't shift side my side like it did on my metal one. Very pleased with this item.
"I, too, need these because of large joints. Resizing doesn't work. These little things can be applied after the ring is on so work perfectly. Regular ring resizers are very expensive for just one. These are great."
"They have sharp edges and hurt my finger like hell. It does not fit firm and dropped off.
Would not recommend."
"My engagement ring fits well on its own when it is hot out but when it is cold out my fingers shrink for some reason and it gets really loose.  One of these plastic pieces is good for instances like that, where I need to make it a little bit tighter.  Once I put the snuggie on, it stayed on the ring even when I washed my hands.  I did have to cut one of the snuggies in half otherwise it would have been too long.

I do think it would be a pain to wear one of these things every single day.  Although it is possible.  It's better for people who need it once in a while, on certain days or for certain events when you want your ring to stay upright and stay tight.

Overall I would say give it a try.  I am pretty happy with them."
"I was skeptical about Ring Snuggies after reading all the negative reviews, but I ordered it anyway - and was very pleasantly surprised. These Snuggies work great! They are easy to apply when the ring is either on or off your finger. With the different sizes in the package, I was easily able to find a perfect fit for my two very different rings. If you use the correct size for your ring (very important), they stay in place and will never fall off. They are virtually unnoticeable and perfectly comfortable.

I have arthritis in my hands and enlarged knuckles. Also, since my fingers are sometimes swollen as well, the rings fit better on some days than on others. Therefore, resizing is obviously not an option for me. Being able to apply and remove the Snuggies as needed is a very convenient option for me - and one that permanent resizing would eliminate.

An argument could be made that the Snuggies are too expensive for what you're getting - a few pieces of plastic tubing. But the last time I had a gold ring resized at the jeweler's, it cost me over $30, so being able to resize two rings for less than $10 definitely makes this an affordable alternative. Bottom line - Ring Snuggies are absolutely worth trying."
"My rings are loose on me and can slide off.  I got these hoping to take up enough space so that I wouldn't fear losing my rings.  I was disappointed for a couple of reasons.  First of all, they are rigid and not curved along the ring line at all.  For me, it made it a little difficult to get over the rings.  Second, they will take up a couple of sizes.  My rings are loose, but not huge.  These would be appropriate for a ring that fits way too large, and then I just feel like it would be very uncomfortable all around.  Also, if your ring has any thinckness to it, these might not fit over your ring.  They are a good idea and may work for some people, but I found them too think and uncomfortable, also making my loose rings too small."
"Comfortable when on my ring on my finger. These are made to be cut shorter if necessary, which is a good thing. I took my ring off to put the snuggie on and it stayed on when I replaced the ring. I also tried putting the snuggie on with the ring on my finger and that worked, too. If you warm up the snuggie with your hand it will be a bit more pliable to help place it on the ring. Just what I was looking for!"
"I do end up using one of the ring snuggies that I ordered, but it isn't quite as nice as I was hoping it would be.  (1) The PVC is pretty stiff, so it took some practice before I was able to get the ring snuggie onto the ring.  (2) The description says that the ring snuggie ""can be applied AFTER the ring is on the finger.""  In my case, the ring snuggie can ONLY be applied after the ring is on the finger because the PVC is so thick.  (3) Even with the ""variety of shapes and sizes"", I still had to cut one of the ring snuggies in half to get one that was appropriate size for my ring.  (4) Ring snuggies look like small cylinders made of PVC.  When the description says ""a variety of shapes and sizes"", it means that the hole down the middle of the cylinder comes in a variety of different sizes.  The cylinder wall is the same thickness for all of the snuggies in the package.  I would like them better if some of the cylinders had thinner PVC walls.  Other than those aspects, the ring snuggies are just what they advertise to be.  The package arrived on time.  The ring snuggie keeps my ring in place.  The price was good."
Too stiff to get around my ring. Not good for rings that are just a hair too large.
Bulky and made my finger hurt. I couldn't use it at all.
This item rolls around the bottom and sides of the ring and bugs the heck out of me.  Not the greatest accomplishment guys.  Everything else has got to be better than this!
These do not work. Had to toss.
Fits to chunky.  Not impressed
Work fine to keep ring in place
They are a bit to bulky.  I did receive the product fast and it was as described
Works great and handles my fingers when they swell.
Works
"They were a waste of the money, maybe good for a man's ring but not for a delicate ladies ring, too bulky."
"I'm a guy so it works for my hand. It is a tad bulky on the bottom, but it keeps my ring on when I do wear it."
"Great, my ring fits perfect!!"
"These did not work for me. The plastic was very hard and uncomfortable and kept scratching my hands when washing. As an RN, that was a LOT of irritation! I have ordered a similar item sold by Amazon that seems to rest entirely inside the band....hoping for a better result."
love it worked well
They work but not as good as I had hoped. They turn and sometimes pop off.
Cheap junk
Uncomfortable
These would be great if they stayed on the ring but they fall off easily.
"These did not work at all. They were awkward and uncomfortable. Definitely not what I was hoping for. Unfortunately now that the package is open, I'm stuck with them."
Didnt work at all. We needed to buy new things to make them actually fit.
Perfect and just what I wanted!!
Works as said they would.
"I was so excited to find these on Amazon.....however, after trying them out they are a big disappointment.  They have to be stretched a little to fit over different ring widths and sadly they remain stretched out and constantly fell off each time it tried to use them.  Would give one star zero stars if I could.  Too bad they can't be returned :("
great
"This product does get the job done but I ended up not liking it very much. The material is comfortable but the way the product wraps around the ring causes it to protrude making me always aware of the snuggie when moving my fingers. Aesthetically the ring snuggie is not great, I actually had a few people ask me what was on my ring. And lastly, I leave my ring on 24/7 so soap and lotion would get stuck in the curves of the snuggie which personally drove me nuts."
Soooo uncomfortable!
These do not fit the natural curvature of fingers. They just fit straight across and they are uncomfortable to wear. My husband and I did not end up using them.
Only received one pack when I should of gotten two. These snuggies fall off as well
"Only work for a couple of hours - not something that can be worn longer than that. Tend to fall off, especially if you wash your hands."
These were great until they made my wife finger breakout....
I didn't like the ring snuggies.  Wouldn't fit my ring.
does the trick
It fell off on first hand wash. Not worth the money.
"didn't like these, uncomfortable and slipped around"
"The band has to be really narrow for them to fit--otherwise they come off all the time. Since they did not close all the way around the band--they fell off all the time. Not the most comfortable either. Also the Snuggie does not stay in place--it moves from under the finger to the sides all the time as well, and constantly needed adjustment. They were more of a nuisance than a help."
Does the job but is really uncomfortable. I prefer to use a twist tie.
"These are great at first but silicon material could be softer so they would be less bulky on the finger. However, with time they pop off and get lost."
the item is thick and not comfortable on my hand. I tried to smooth it out but and I cut it shorter and still doesn't work.  The bigger sizes hold two rings since some are flat on the bottom but the edges are so rough. I am still looking for something better than this.  Also the assorted sizes means you get only one or two in the whole package that might fit your ring. I would not order this again.
They do not work well and pinch the skin on your finger.
These ring snuggies are completely useless! They roll & pop off and pinch the inside of my finger... ouch!
"Bulky, pinchy and uncomfortable. Would not purchase again. Also packaging looked like it was sitting in the warehouse for years!"
Doesn't work.  Won't stay in place.  Tried every size provided.  No returns accepted.
The snuggies worked for a short period of time - then fell off the rings and were lost forever.  Would NOT recommend!
"I love the ring snuggies because not only was I able to use it for my new wedding ring, but also for the ring I ordered for my husband."
"These were industrial sized snuggles, your ring would have to be 5 sizes too big to be necessary. Not at all useful when trying to keep an engagement ring snug in the winter."
Made by wedding ring easier to wear. Thank you!!!
They all fell off within a month. Would not buy again.
Dont trust these.  Was disappointed with the way they felt. They turned and moved a lot even though I used the smallest one. I wore my ring out to dinner and the Snuggie feel off the ring entirely and I have no idea where or when until my ring started falling off my finger.  Not good
difficult to keep on the ring
I just want these things to do their job better. They were cheap and worked about how I expected them to.
Works exactly as it should so it gets 5 stars. I almost lost my wedding ring the other day because it flew off my finger while I was putting my coat on in a restaurant. Ordered these right away. Ring fits snug now and I personally cant feel it. It just feel like Im wearing my ring. Not uncomfortable at all. I also have a wide band and no problems fitting it on.
Id like to return these.  They are very uncomfortable.
These are so thick and hard. They didn't work for me at all. It felt horrible behind my finger
These are ok as a very temporary fix. They were just a little too bulky for my liking. But they did the job.
These sort of work but are very uncomfortable
Too tight and uncomfortable
Works better than Ringo.
"These are a must have for anyone who has rings , both thin bands or wider bands , we all have a ring or 2 that like to roll , simply put these on and waaalaaa it stays put , various sizes n shapes . Arrived quickly."
They work
Very uncomfortable to wear
They keep my rings snug on my fingers. Ya gotta lov that!!!!!!!
Way too hard to use on your hand.  I couldn't even wash my hands with them on because it would scratch my other hand all up.  I was looking for something softer (like a gel type consistency?) but apparently there isn't anything like that. Went to Claire's to find some and they had the same ones for sale.
Worse product ever!  Snuggies might work if you don't use your hands.  I was cooking dinner chopping veggies and it popped off.  Lucky I found it and we did not eat plastic with our dinner.
They are too rigid and uncomfortable.
"The concept is good but the snuggies are so uncomfortable that I cannot use them. They cut into my finger and make the ring unwearable.
Don't buy these!"
They twist and turn constantly. Very uncomfortable. Would never waste my money again.
Wish they would make packs that all had the same size not a bunch of different sizes. Waste of money.
"Horrible product. Uncomfortable, does not serve it's purpose.  Super bad idea"
Dont waste your money
could not use them very uncomfortable.
"The material is very hard almost like a plastic, very bulky and uncomfortable to me. NO RETURNS on the item as well. Have faith in a product you sell and let the buyer decide if it is worth keeping. Thought this was going to be a soft material but it is not. This would even be a bad uncomfortable temporary fix untill a resize could be done. Can't return so the trash it will go."
"These are awful, pinch fingers, and are not returnable, even if they do not fit. They do not fit common width rings.  They are simply plastic tubing.  Make your own."
I only used the largest one for my Aggie ring. I have been using it for approximately 6 months now and it broke. You get the quality you pay for!
Love it
"they are ok. For me, I was trying to keep wedding band from twisting around while engagement stays in place. It seemed to keep twisting and then felt a bit uncomfortable. Just not the right thin g for me but others I know love them!"
Most cost effective way to size a ring. I like the fact that I can easily remove it if my fingers swell. Simple idea but definitely works!
"These ring sizers are horrible!  They're all the same thickness.  Therefore, you have to have an Enormous ring in order for one of them to fit properly. This is a ridiculously poorly designed product and YOU CAN'T RETURN THEM.  Other brands are better.  Zero stars do not buy this."
Didn't fit.
Husband loves his!
These are too fat to actually use.
awful
junk. stay away
"Really uncomfortable.
Looks bad too."
I have had 2 come off. It collect stuff in the middle since it is plastic. Not really what I really wanted but worked in pinch.
Did help with my ring spinning on my finger but kept coming off so not super impressed
A+
I wear two of these daily.
These fall off and do not stay. They are hard to put on.
Good for having a spare
Worthless to me
great for adjusting ring size
Was exactly what I needed to size a few rings I hadn't been able to wear.
The sizes that are altered are so hugely different. I would have preferred more altering the size small amounts.
"Great product, ring now fits perfectly."
"A little hard to get open, but work fine."
love it
Not as expected.  Slipped off rings very easily
Excellent
They don't work - they pop right off and roll around the entire time. Save yourself the money
disappointed that they don't fit quite right.
these work great for people with large nuckles
PERFECT now i won't loose my wedding ring again..
Falls off way too easily.
JUNK! I threw them away! It was so big and bulky and looked horrible on the ring. You could see it and it was not comfortable.
I little on the cheaper side but it works perfectly for my larger knuckles considering they can be put on after the ring is on!!
"They met my expectations
Thank you."
"If you're buying these to size a ring down,  you might be getting your moneys worth.  But, if like me,  you need them to hold your rings together to keep them from twisting all around,  forget it. Threw them away."
Junk. Do not work
Good for keeping ring snug but totally uncomfortable and will get caught on any and everything you grasp.  Waste of $
"too big and bulky. does work, but not comfortable"
Not useful.  Slip of the ring when you lift items.
Work well on all my rings due to the different sizes.
"I find these uncomfortable. I switched to using a spiral-shaped ring sizer which is extremely customizable to fit any size adjustment you need. The ring snuggies pinch and are bulky. I also find them stiffer and more difficult to put on and take off

I suggest these instead:&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Jebox-Ring-Size-Adjuster-For-Loose-Rings-for-Any-Rings-4-Sizes-With-Jewelry-Polishing-Cloth-Set-of-12/dp/B071YXVC6Z/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Jebox Ring Size Adjuster For Loose Rings for Any Rings, 4 Sizes With Jewelry Polishing Cloth, Set of 12</a>

They are less pinchy, easier to put on, and basically come with a lifetime supply!"
The ring snuggles kept falling off
Just little pieces of soft plastic. None fit my ring (male).
"I have a wide wedding band and this package only contains two of these that I can use. They work well at first but slip off after just a few weeks of use.  I started exercising, lost weight and now my ring is at risk for coming off. I can't complain, life is good."
These are for my oversized rings.
"They work just fine, but are pretty clunky."
I've shared these with friends and family.  They love them.
I love these ring Adjusters. They are comfortable. I will probably order more.
ok as temp fix but not as comfortable as i had hoped
Fit great and a great variety of different sizes!
These things work great.  I only wish you could order certain sizes rather than an assorted back.  The good thing about these versus other types is that you can put them on and take them off once the ring is on your finger.  These are very helpful for people who have to have a larger size ring to go over a large knuckle and then find the ring too loose once in place.  Slipping one of these on after the ring gets past your knuckle takes up that extra space and helps the ring fit the way you want it to.
"These are easy to apply and comfortable to wear on your ring when needed.
They will also stay there until you wish to remove them."
"These did NOT work well for me. I tried all different sizes. The problem was how they fit on the ring, to little, to big or wasn't the right shape so they kept coming off."
2nd try for a ring attachment to keep them from flying off my fingers out to dinner and using restaurant restrooms.  These work best and actually stay on and hidden from sight
I bought a package of Ring Snuggies at Walmart for $2.99 due to the fact that I own a tungsten wedding band that could not be resized. I used the largest size with some krazy glue to permanently hold it on the ring itself and so far I am impressed with how well my ring fits. My ring was a half size too big when I originally bought it cause the ring wasn't available in half sizes. My wife says she doesn't even notice the snuggie unless she actually looks at the inside of my ring finger. Good product that helps keeps rings in place and the worry out of them falling off your finger.
they're basically plastic straws that are cut up. VERY hard and uncomfortable.
Helps keep rings on but catches soap and lotions on the inside with daily use.
These items are wonderful - especially during the summer when fingers tend to swell somewhat on the hot days - makes more sense to use these temporarily rather than have an expensive ring sized up or down!!
"They are good but uncomfortable. I work in the medical field I wash my hands at work all day, it is uncomfortable since the water gets stuck in the snuggy. Also cuts my gloves open."
"Received the ""ring snuggies"" within an appropriate amount of time after ordering. Product was received as indicated and pictured.
Would recommend to friends and family!!
The only problem I've had with the ""ring snuggies"" is they tend to fall off even when I'm not touching it. I went through 4 of them; I've had the 5th one on for a few weeks however I noticed it recently started to fall off! Thankfully I found it on the floor so I was able to reuse it again.
There is only 1 more ""ring snuggie"" left in the package.
With the recent issues I've been having withbthe 5th one, I'm thinking my best choice will be to
actually have the ring resized instead of using the ring snuggie! It also takes some getting use to the feeling of using the ring snuggie.
I cannot afford to keep replacing the ring snuggies!!"
Does the job
"These would be great except they separate and come off the ring while it's on your finger. Good idea and very comfortable, but I won't purchase these again."
"The selection was great for different ring types. The one I was able to use fit around the ring fine, but it was so huge it was awkward. Somehow it fell off and was gone within the first twelve hours of wearing it. Disappointing. Probably going to have to spend the money to get the ring resized."
great
Ring guards fall off too easily.
Placed one on my rings and it seemed fine.  Woke up the next morning and rings twisted around and snuggie only on one ring (I had put it over 2 very thin bands).  And....I can't return it :(
Have a neuropathy in my hands. Makes it very difficult to get these on.
Trash big bulky. My ring still does not fit!
Works great. Love that I don't have to spend an arm and a leg fixing my rings.
"Worked perfectly - though the plastic was a little stiff and hard to put around the ring. But once on, my ring fit perfectly. I did not want to have to return my ring back to QVC as they charge for return shipping. :-) I wish there would be more than one of each size, though."
Ordered this for a man's wedding band and it kept sliding around and coming off. Also felt bulgy. Do not waste your money.
"These work well on large, wide bands, but are difficult to get on the ring and come off easily.  There was only two sizes in the packet I received, and both were large."
Perfect to get my rings to fit! Nice product!
"One insert, it holds well, snug perfectly,  happy with this product and price. It also depends on your finger and ring sizes, keep looking that's right 4u. Note: You should only use one per ring, anymore this product will not work for you."
"Sadly, these were a complete waste of money. I used all six of them because each of them fell off. I won't buy these again."
"I so wanted these to work! I bought my package at Walmart yesterday because I picked my new ring up from the jeweler, I knew it would be slightly too big because I wear a size 4 but the ring only comes in a 5 and for some reason this particular jeweler wouldn't size my ring down to a 4, very frustrating! But I digress!!! I pick my ring up and it's almost a 5.5!! So instead of sending my ring back, which I've been waiting since May to get it I just decided to take the ring. So I go pick these up and try a couple of them and finally find one that will close all the way and be snug enough to keep the ring in place! It works! But one of the few problems I have with it is the edges are sharp-ish; they're pretty hard rubbery plastic and so it's irritating to the back of my finger where the ring sets in the little bend of your palm and ring ringer... but I figured I could totally get used to it because my ring is beautiful and I'm not just gana NOT wear it! So I deal with it all day and this morning I'm using the bathroom, first thing, and I'll be dad gummed if my ring snuggy didn't just fall right into the toilet water that I just ""used"" uuuugh!!! I didn't even feel that it was coming off! Well I had to get it out because the other sizes didn't work and I'd need to have something on the ring until my new adjusters come in, because I definitely went ahead and ordered something different a few mins ago! Oh well, like I said I really wanted to love this product because I paid $2.88 for t  Whatevs!"
There were enough different sizes in one package to fit all my rings. I've been able to wear my rings now. I'm not bothered by the soft plastic ring. I don't remove my rings to shower or wash my hands. The Snuggies work great.
"These have a very awkward feel. I am a man and use the large size on my wedding band. Since it fits completely around the ring, there is a huge chunk of plastic on the outside of the ring. I stopped using it as it is just uncomfortable."
"a tad uncomfortable, but they do the trick. The larger sizer fits my large college class ring."
Had to order these 2 times as the first order got lost and I never received it! I do like this product though- it's nice I can wear my wedding rings again and not have to worry about them falling off! Some of the plastic snuggies are way too large for a women's band- but the smaller ones work just fine!
"These are alright for temporary use.

My husband works construction and he used it for his ring, but now the plastic is hard and we are unable to remove it unless we cut it.

These do not last or stay on rings that have a rounded band."
The Idea of the snuggie is a great one but literally none of the size options fit around my ring. They need to be a few Centimeters smaller in thickness but great if your ring is WAY too big and not great if it is just alittle too big.
There was a warehouse label stuck on the back so we could not read the instructions.  Not sure if we put them on correctly however seems to be working.
Just received the ring snuggies. I put the smallest size on thought away.  In the process of cooking and washing dishes I lost it already.  I didn't even have it for a hour.  I couldn't even look at the directions because the label was covering it.
"Was not very comfortable on me, maybe this is because my fingers are very small (I wear size 5.5/ 6 ) .. anyway I had to cut the width of this snuggie before it felt comfortable enough to wear everyday..."
they do make the ring fit better however they are horribly bulky and ugly
Very disappointed only one fit my ring and when I took a shower off it went so I wouldn't buy this product again. Not a good product at all.
Items work great wish I could order only the size I actually need.  I end up throwing out the ones that are too small for my rings.
Not satisfied at all. None of them fit any of my rings. Better luck next time.
They worked perfectly on my ring that was too big but mostly they fit comfortably.
I have a wide wedding ring the large band works well. Ty now I won't loose it.  Again. Lost weight on weight watchers 105lbs. Still on a regular routine of health.
"I bought this to hold my wedding band and engagement ring together. It didn't work, it was just another thing that was moving around on my finger."
did not like
"I have a diamond eternity ring that was getting too loose and I was afraid to wear it. I have tried almost everything but nothing worked like these do. As soon as I selected the size I needed and cut it to size whamo that was it. I am so happy. It is exactly what I needed until I get to my jeweler.

Hope the picture helps."
"Worked great, my husband wore one for years with no signs or wear or discomfort."
"These were very helpful for my engagement ring that was 1 whole number bigger than my size. I really recommend it (product and seller).

Thanku!!"
"Seller listed on my listing without selling the same product I was.  This was for a test buy to prove the product did not match the description.  I built this listing from scratch and generated over 900 sales by providing buyers with easy to read and easy to do instructions to get the best comfort and size fit possible.  Then other sellers jumped on the listing and buyer complaints started pouring in.  Yes, that is actually what happens on Amazon."
ok for temporary fix until resizing
"Thank you I haven't tried them yet, I needed a adjuster you could put on your ring after it's on your finger."
"They didn't stay on my rings! I only have 1 left on a pinky ring out of the set!
A bit of a disappointment!"
"these are so thick - its annoying! I personally don't like them at all
I can't stand how they feel - so I wouldn't wear them or order them again"
Yay! My ring doesn't twist anymore!!!!
All I can say it was a cheap piece of plastic.  The plastic is too thick and when I place it on the ring and slide the ring down the piece just flies right off.  I would never buy something this cheap again.  I should have just gone to a jeweler.  So these things clearly suck and don't do what they are required to but the kicker is -  IT CANNOT BE RETURNED (great customer service!).  So be smarter than me - read the reviews before purchasing.
Great for easy fit!
Worked very well better than wire guards.
The Ring Snuggie was difficult to put on and didn't fit around the band properly. It fell off and went down the drain in the first 10 min of use. This item isn't eligible for return so my money went down the drain along with the Ring Snuggie.
They are bulky and uncomfortable and fell off my ring pretty quickly. I don't recommend these
too big around ring
They fit perfectly
These did not work and I found them very uncomfortable.
"Bought these due to continued weight loss. Found they are good for a very temporary fix, like a couple hours or so. Not a good fix for everyday use. They are bulky and they pinch. I had high hopes, but unfortunately can't recommend these."
Really needed these and they are great!
These sizers are way too thick and too short making them uncomfortable to wear. Every time you close your fingers you can feel it dig into your palm. I have also scratched my face and arm because it sticks out so far. They fall off very easily too. I'm already on my 2nd one and have only had them for a week. Other sizers I have used were much longer and wrapped farther around the ring making them much more comfortable. I'll be ordering a different brand to use until I get my rings sized.
Fell off and lost
not enough variety
Very useful...Need some that are just the smaller sizes.
Garbage. They don't even for right. And they stretch very easy.
"Great item highly satisfied, and highly recommend...."
DID NOT WORK FOR ME - UNCOMFORTABLE
Very unhappy with this product. Not one of the dozers fit any of the rings intended for and a total waste of money.
They are OK for a temp fix. Not for anywhere near long time use.
Please don't buy this.. the product is pathetic.. it is either too bully or too small
worked great
Can make this for cheaper
"The only way my engagement ring stays on securely! Way, way cheaper than getting it resized. Love!!"
Does exactly what needed it to do for ring to not slip from finger.
As expected
"They were larger then I wanted.  They were as advertised, but not to my liking."
"The good, the largest one fits PERFECTLY and it is exactly what I needed. The bad, there's only one large one. The ugly, I bought a second pack to get another large one and had a melee with a skunk. Overall I was unscathed but did have to run from skunk spray. The weird thing is that a plastic container that I was carrying and the ring snuggles smelled soooo HORRIBLE that they both had to be thrown away. I tried using the smaller ones but like someone else mentioned in another review, they end up scratching you real bad and not staying on right."
"I'm very disappointed in these ring snuggies they twist and turn constantly one minute they are where they are supposed to be and the next they're on the side and up at the top making it very uncomfortable..,, I actually don't even use them anymore because they're so uncomfortable"
They have a opening in back that may pinch or rub a finger the wrong way. I bought these for my husband and his ring is 7mm and worked well enough. He does occasionally complain about the band opening pinching or rubbing his skin painfully. Good expanding due to the plastic piece opening in back.
"I recently lost a LOT of weight and after replenishing my entire wardrobe the thought of spending the money right now on getting my rings resized just isn't something I want to do right now. I called around and for my two rings to be resized it would be anywhere form $30-$70 a ring and some stores refused to tell me without bringing my rings in. After seeing this I thought these would be a great alternative to hold off a little while. After reading reviews some good some bad I decided to try some of the suggestions from the people who said these were bad. So I got rubber bands and hair ties and tied them around my rings. This did not work the rubber bands and hair ties would slip apart and break.

With these being so cheap I decided to just give these a try after the other suggestions did work. When these arrived I picked one and put it on both of my rings, they both early fit around one ring snuggie. After weeks I still have the same one on and have had no problems. They are very comfortable(I forget they are on my finger) and my rings look and feel like they have been resized. If I had to pick a downsize(and really there aren't any) it would be when I wash my face each day the ring snuggie doesn't feel good when I wash my face but because I forget about these I always forget till I start to wash my face and then I just left that one finger so it isn't against my face. I couldn't be happier with these, and I highly recommend them."
"DO NOT PURCHASE- CAN NOT BE RETURNED Does not fit ring, poor quality-"
They are ok
Very uncomfortable
Creates a perfect fit
moves around...
Love it... Its not bulky or hard or irritating to wear... I have lost a lot if weight so I needed something to keep my rings from falling off my finger...  It works perfect for my 3 wedding ring set...
I bought this because I needed something to take up the slack in my Aggie Ring and didn't want to be without it while it was resized.  I believe my ring is currently a Men's 11.5 and there is an included ring sizer that takes up enough slack where my ring is no longer sliding off.  My ring still spins but I hardly notice the ring sizer. Great fix!
I bought this for my wife because her rings don't fit her finger. She got it and put it on her ring. She did not like how it feels when she put on her rings with it.
Kept falling off of rings. Would not recommend !!
"The description and photo is not a true representation of the actual product.
The packet includes 6 large snuggies unlike the multiple small ones shown on a ring. U can only use one at a time. Even the ""smallest snuggie"" in the pack is large enough to be seen from the front of the hand."
These totally suck. I actually LOST my ring because the stupid thing popped off and my ring slipped off and bounced down a vent. Get the ones that wrap around your ring and don't waste your money on these stupid things
These fit across my 3 rings and keep them straight.
Better than most.
Perfect
"Didn't work at all, very disappointed"
"Great, did what it's supposed to do!"
"Either we have not put it on correctly or the item does not do what it is intended to do,"
Hard plastic that once used and wrapped around a ring looses shape and constantly comes off. It is also VERY uncomfortable to wear.
I bought these at walmart for my engagement ring and they were great! my ring size was a 2 3/4 and it was STILL too big but i didn't want to have to keep resizing my ring since it isn't good for the ring plus if i get pregnant it will be too tight. I cut one of these in half and its great. I have only worn it for a few hours but i don't feel it since its a gel material. my ring doesnt move at all and i love it! it was to heavy so it would always move and i would have to move it back. hated that. but so far so good! i am hoping i can wear it in the shower as i don't want to constantly take it off for that but i have a feeling it will work well since it doesnt move at all now so the spacer won't easily fall off. it does fall off if i remove my ring but thats because its tight and thats how i like it. it was only 3 bucks! best 3 bucks i have ever spent.
Nice fit very well and no falling off
The best I found for resizing a ring.  Easy to put on any ring.  An the assortment gives you the option for ring sizes.
I love these things my rings stay put all day!! I lost a lot of weight so they kept on falling off till now!!! Thank you so much!!
Didn't work for me.  They would fall off while on the ring/finger at anytime.  Went through 3 in 2 days.
"I'm glad I tried these Snuggies! My favorite rings are too big. I usually use that metal thingabob, which works well, but scratches my ring bands and looks cheap--yes, even the real white gold looks cheap. These Snuggies are easy to put on and take off of rings. While they are noticeable, they are not nearly as noticeable as the metal thingabobs. It helps to keep the open end facing my finger."
take up too much space. You feel like you have something there that it is bothering you.
Bulky and not comfy.. tried them all
Good price and they work!
cool idea but only one of the things fits on my ring
Did not work for us. They are a little small and not very comfortable.
"Too difficult to apply to ring band,
Very bulky when on finger, easily
slips off with normal wear.....very dissapointing ."
thanks for the ring sizers came in handy for my rings.
These are too thick. They aren't comfortable to wear.
great
They didn't stay on the rings
They work great..super comfortable!
It hurts to wear it and it catches on clothing.
"not very comfortable and very bulky, they don't bend too easy around the ring."
"plastic was too firm and too large to be functional. It changes the ring by at least 2 sizes, could not use them at all as even the smallest size changed the ring dramatically. The plastic is so rigid that i struggled to get them on/off, there is almost zero flexibility. I would not recommend these and i'm very disappointed to learn that returns aren't even accepted."
"Uncomfortable, difficult to use"
Works well.
"Ring snuggies do make your rings fit better, but they slide around on the ring and do become uncomfortable after a few days. I wear my ring all the time so it became a hassle to keep adjusting the snuggie."
"Lost most and the ones i didn't lose, didn't fit anything. I would rather use tapemor something. They fall off too easily and in that case worthless. The idea is great but well thought out"
"I have an adjustable ring I just love but would keep getting caught in my hair. After someone crowned me for putting duct tape on the adjustable part I decided to try these. I've had it on the ring about three weeks now and it works well. The price is a little high in my opinion for something you're probably only going to be able to use one or two of(sizing), but it works."
"My husband has had the same snuggie on his wedding band for 3 years.  Because of the metal we got, it cannot be sized and only comes in 1/2 sizes, so it's a 1/4 size too big.  The big snuggie in this pack works perfectly, and has never fallen off, and doesn't bother him at all.  i can see how it would be annoying for slender fingers that need to adjust for a whole ring soze, but with his ""manly"" fingers, it's perfect.

So, a giant YES for larger hands, but for slender hands, it'd probably only be good for temporary use."
They work and are comfy
Works perfectly
could not fit them on my ring easily
Excellent
"not the greatest, i lost two of them already, they won't stay on, think i better resize the ring."
awkward as heck. Never used them. Was trying to downsize a titanium ring that can't be resized.
Terrible!!! Way too big if you have small or medium size hands.
Uncomfortable for me. They produced a callous on my hand.
These fell off every time and I ended up losing them.
Terriable product. Your ring needs to fit you two sizes big for this product to work appropriately. I needed something that would adjust to half a size. The product was too bulky and noticeable.
"Worked great, but then I gained weight and did not need them anymore........"
THANKS SO VERY MUCH!!
These are great
My jeweler charger hundreds of dollars  to solder rings together. Since I'm waiting on an anniversary band to add to my stack I wanted to wait until my set was complete. The rings are just a tad loose but drive me nuts sliding all over the place since they aren't connected. I used one of the snuggies to join them together and it works perfectly! Cheap fix until Christmas.
Didn't like it
"They work, just bulky."
"VERY CHEAP. Falls off of wide rings, narrow rings, does not stay in place. Worthless."
Work well and did their job.
My ring never fell off with these.
"They are okay, a bit uncomfy"
"Awkward feeling, so didn't really wear them for long"
Totally waste of money it doesn't work i wish i could get my money back.
These things are crap! Bought it for my fiance's engagement ring and the stupid thing fell off and got lost after a couple of days! Do yourself a favor and buy the product called RingSlinky - it rocks and doesn't ever fall off!
"These were uncomfortable, and they fell off,  I lost each one of them.  do not waste your money."
Very bulky on finger.  Did not expect that.
I receved my package as promised. The snuggies fit perfectly. Now if I can stop losing them when I take the rings off
Did not stay in place. Difficult to use.
Work very well and keeps your rings on your finger.
Bulky and spins on ring but does the job
Ehhh. This aren't comfortable and really don't work. They all seem too large for my rings and dig into my finger. This didn't solve my problem and I will need to keep searching for a solution.
waste of money
These ring snugies did the job however they were quite bulky. I would recommend this for persons who want to take up an entire ring size not just a half size.
"dont really want to stay on , so pointless"
They are not easy to put on and you know you have them on.
Really hard to work with. In the end I stopped using to pain full to use.
Terrible...they fall off.
"These are very clunky and sharp, hard to wear.  Compared to other products, these just do not cut it for me."
"They SORT OF work...when you are sliding a ring down your finger after putting on the snuggie, it sometimes pops right off.  Also, because it is rounded, the ring will sometimes start sliding off your finger."
They fit good and seem comfortable
"Not very practical when you have more than one ring on finger , the plastic underneath finger kept getting caught on things ."
Ok
Perfect for rings that are too large.  Easy to snap on the back of a ring.  I'm on vacation and found a ring I love that was too large.  These snuggles were perfect !!!
Did not like at all. Too bulky
Cool
I wear these with my promise ring before I have it sized and I love them!!! I can find the perfect size for if my fingers swell more or not!!! In love with these!!!!!!
they work as expected.
"Initially I was happy at the clear look of the ring snuggies.  However, they do not stay on my rings. The two times I have put them they have fallen off and are now lost."
Too clumsy. never felt  comfortable on my finger.
"Effective but very uncomfortable. It gets caught on everything and hurts to wash my face or go about daily activities,"
"Being a physical educator and a coach, wearing my wedding ring at times is a bit uncomfortable.  But with the ring snuggie, it stays on tight and snug.  I don't feel its going to fall off at all.  Its great for when I am active and do not want to take my ring off."
A little rough on my finger.
"Very comfortable, good quality, price and discreet...but if you're not looking to go down that much in size perhaps something less thick would be better."
This is a very good product and far less costly than the jewelry store. The larger ones seem to stay on better than the small tube type but both are good
never could get them to stay on ring.
Great product.  BETTER than the metal ones.  I did end up super gluing the snuggies into a complete circle after I had it on my ring so it wouldn't fall off.
I received my ring Snuggies today. I tried every size on my ring and I do not like how the plastic feels under my finger. Very dissatisfied. Just going to have to pay to get it sized now or pay to get a metal or gold adjuster put into my ring.
The reason I bought these was to stop my ring from flopping under the finger because it was like ahuge chunk sitting under the finger.  Putting one of these on is like doing exactly what you don't want.  Huge waste of money.
None of them fit the person who I bought them for.
baaa  old white gause tape works better  Walmart
the ring snuggies have help to keep my ring from slipping off my finger
Good product for a pirate fix before you can get to a jeweler to have your ring resized. It takes some getting used to but does the trick! My only complaint is that they come off easily and I have lost one already
"Just as advertised.  Brilliant product, I'm losing weight and my ring was starting to spin so these worked perfectly."
"the tubes are firm. they are difficult to wrap onto ring. because they are not as flexible, they become to tight after time.  A more plyable tube would be better."
"No good, they are bothersome."
"uncomfortable to wear, they do keep the ring on but definitely short term.  When I finish losing weight I will have ring re-sized."
These ring sizers are terrific!
Package broken. Snuggles in bottom of main box. Hard to find. Clear and tiny
Great product and great price.
"These were ""OK"" - but they felt awkward.
A better quick solution is to tear off a thin strip of 'band-aid' type cloth tape and put it across the ring shank - hidden within your hand.
Very comfortable.  No one sees the tape hidden within your hand.
That will stop the spinning until removed or it washes off!"
"Very comfortable.  My ring fell off in a department store and I was so upset. We found it, Thank Goodness.  I bought 2 packs of these, and since my ring is thick, I used the larger Snuggie and it fit perfectly.  I saved alot of money too,
since bringing it to a jeweler for a 14K ring guard would have cost alot.  Recommend highly!

Lynne- Florida"
They work very well and are more comfortable than metal ones.
Fits securely and keeps my rings in place. Love it.
didn't work
"perfect, my rings fit now!"
Ring snuggies arrived in 2 days and solved my ring problem instantly!
"Exactly as promised, and exactly what I needed to keep my too-big ring in place comfortably."
Great for keeping yours rings from going round and round on your fingers.
"Cool concept, but they never stayed on the ring. I lost them all within the first week."
It's a quick fix but I lost one almost Daily I don't understand why I used the smallest and the next one up and nothing worked not worth the price
Love them it works great on the rings I purchased in the wrong size.
These have worked out ok for me.
Purchased to keep my rings from slipping. Actually makes my fingers swell and hurt instead of helping. Will not purchase again.
thicker than I expected overall
Help keep rings  in place
Good idea and easy to use. A plus not taking the rings off to use adjusters.
Very uncomfortable.  Fell off alot.
Worked perfectly for what I needed! I had recently gotten engaged and the ring was a teeny bit bigger than I'd liked. We were going on vacation and wouldn't be able to get sized until after and I didn't want to take any chances of losing! You can barely notice when the ring is on.
Save your money and have a metal sizer put on at a jewelry store. These fall off easily and I lost my ring twice in the first two days of wearing them.
They all fail off and it was a waste of money.
Not worth the costs.  Move around too much and come off to easy and do not exactly fit all ring bands.  My ring bands were flat in nature not round.  Threw them in the trash.
The large one keeps my 3-ring wedding set together and won't let them fall off!  Awesome!
Not really what I expected. I already lost one.
"Really came in handy and works. We bought a set of rings from Italy and turned out to be the wrong size. Insead of going through a long, and expensive, return process, we bought these adjusters and they worked perfectly."
Too bulky and hurt my finger. Don't waste your money
worked perfectly
Very uncomfortable.
Waste of money. Just take your ring to a jeweler to resize. I put this little thing on my ring and it kept moving. Then it snapped out and kept coming out. Literally used it for less than an hour and tossed out.
"it was a thick tube and hard to fit to the ring.  Plus it felt like it was always there and I had to remove it to take off the ring.  And then I was worried it would fall off because it had one cut down the longways and I was always worried if it rubbed on something, it would peel off.  It started to separate after wearing it for a week and removing it too. The thicker larger rectangle size looks like it would be more secure on a man's ring due to their width.  But for a delicate band, these did not work.

I bought the RinGuard 3 pack of different sizes instead and I am much happier."
great buy.
Work ok but not as good as the spiral ones
Love it!!
Too bulky to keep rings in place comfortably.
Works great!
Great product.  Keeps my rings snug on my fingers and facing in the correct direction.
It actually works about as well as I expected.
A size for all needs. Perfect.
The ring snuggles work well.
"Don't really work well. Turn around a lot and fall off.  Do not recommend purchase.,!"
OK
Wish there were more in a bag
Product works as advertised. This is good enough value for the money and it an easy quick fix for those rings that are too loose on your fingers. Very handy and easy to use. Great deal for the money for this 3 pack!
"Stopped using these as they would snag things, scrape my skin, and fill with soap when I washed my hands."
It worked for about an hour and fell off! They keep falling off definately not worth it don't waste your money
They are just pieces of rubber hose that someone cut into links. She finds it very hard to get the ring off with them on
these work great. I like costume jewelry and because it only comes in whole sizes I have to order a half size too large. these work great!
"These are awesome! I have large knuckles and slender fingers so getting my wedding and engagement rings resized isn't really an option. They kept spinning around so I ordered these in hopes that they'd hold them in place. I was surprised that they worked so well- I ended up using one of the larger sizes to enclose both of my rings in the same snuggie. I hardly notice the it and it's not noticeable unless you show someone. This keeps my rings snug together and is SO much cheaper and less impactful than soldering the rings together! It seems a little pricy if you're only using one of them, but it's hard to know what size you'll need and I found it to be very worth it in the end."
Works well!
I just love these things.  They're just perfect.
Hard to open and then when I did it kept going on the side of the ring.  The smallest one I still cannot open.  I will keep trying.
worked perfect
"My wife and I purchased these Sungglers for our college and wedding rings. We expected the variety of sizes were sufficient to help give a more ""snugggly"" fit. However, the Snugglers sizes did not fit well on all 4 of our rings.

We also found that the plastic is too thick and does not countour well to raduis of the rings. Thus, does not allow for a comfortable fit."
The smallest is too small and won't stay on my ring. The next size is too large and slides around and scratches my other hand when I try to wash them. I was even more disappointed to find that I am not able to return this item that I cannot use because they do not fit.
"I love that I do not have to worry about scraping the band of my ring with a metal spacer. It stays put on the ring and doesn't bother me to have it on. I thought it might get in the way while holding objects in my hand, but it is great"
Received what was said. Just as pictured
"I could not wear them due to hard, nonpliable plastic. They caused my rings to bunch together - very uncomfortable."
IT WORKS
Served its purpose but after a while it bothers your fingers.
don't stay on the  ring. hard to get on. won't recommend it.
The ring snuggles don't stay on and are uncomfortable
"I don't recommend these.  They are hard to put on the ring and easy to come off, plus they are bulky feeling and uncomfortable."
Just what I had expected.
They fall off all the time. Worthless.
Too bulky really uncomfortable and stiff
Excellent product in perfect condition with lightning fast shipping!! Was able to size down one of my favorite rings from a size 9 to a 7! Very satisfied with this purchase! Very reasonable price as well. Will be a return customer.
"They are OK. Definitely better than the metal ones but I was disappointed that only 1 in the entire package, fit my ring. I decided to use a plastic that melts and put it around my ring. Much better mold and hold."
It did not keep the rings together firmly. The still separated and slipped around my finger.
"I ordered a personalized ring and received the wrong size. I couldn't return, so purchased these. The do work but are not the most comfortable things."
"Sure it's not the prettiest thing, they aren't hiding that. It works great and stays out of the way. Mine lasted 4 years before the plastic broke. If I can't find the original package it came in (somewhere on my desk) I'll have to buy another one."
they work great.
They slide around the back of the ring even with the smallest size. I threw them out.
Concept is good but it didn't work for me -
Not much of a size selection. The one that fit my ring was large enough that it made my finger go numb. Using it in the morning when my ring is the loosest while waiting for another product. If your finger and ring is just the right size it might be good. The adjuster was no problem to fit on the ring and was unobtrusive. Might work well for others but did not go well for me.
"Learned while carrying luggage that a snuggie can easily pop-off your ring (and be lost) if you don't get the right size on there to start with, but otherwise a terrific solution."
Didn't work!!
I was very disappointed in this product.
"too bulky and obvious. would recommend this as alternative:&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/GWHOLE-Ring-Size-Adjuster-with-Silver-Polishing-Cloth-Set-of-4-2mm-3mm/dp/B01M0OX3EW/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">GWHOLE Ring Size Adjuster with Silver Polishing Cloth,Set of 4 (2mm/3mm)</a>"
Can't live without these.
They don't stay on and they are extremely uncomfortable.
Small in terms of length. The plastic is hard and hurts my finger.
Useless
hard to keep in place
My ring fell off and lucky to find it so bought these snuggies to solve the problem.
These are great; easy to use and I like the variety of sizes!
"I had ordered a plastic (3D-Printed) ring online that was unfortunately too big for my ring finger, but also too small to be comfortable on my middle finger. I saw Ring Snuggies as a solution, but was afraid the ring would be too thick. But, the largest snuggie in the package works great! It still leaves a gap, but it stays on the ring just fine. It also cushions my finger from the hard plastic edge. My only gripe is that after some use, it sticks to my finger and takes some work to get it off. Otherwise, very happy!"
Served my needs & fast shipment!
Variety of sizes so they all get used on different rings. They work perfectly.
Don't work well
These worked perfect for my rings until I could go get them sized! It comes with multiple sizes and it's a bit hard to slip them on at first but they work great!
It makes the ring fit smaller but it's very uncomfortable and falls off. I wore it one day and just took my ring off. I wouldn't recommend.
Like the product
Did not work.
They were too thick and bulky and made the rings way too tight.  Everyone in the package was the same thickness
I've always used these because my fingers swell occasionally and then get smaller so I can never keep the same ring size. They work pretty well but if you constantly wear them they start to change color and loose their tight hold.
"Ok for price, not very comfortable"
good
"These keep falling off my rigs, they are the perfect size but every time I take my rigs off they pop off. Disappointing!"
"Felt horrible. Got the slinky kind instead and I'm much happier. They fit better, stay better and are more forgiving on your finger than these."
"They are kind of flimsy, but serves the purpose."
Did not fit correctly or hold well in place. Adjuster piece should have been designed with a slight curve as rings are circular.
"So, these things do work insofaras keeping your ring from falling off but I was surprised/disappointed at how hard the plastic was. I ended up taking it off as it was more annoying than I could handle. I was anticipating a softer gel like consistency like silicone or more of a ""gummy"" feel. So they work, just know you may not like the feel or give yourself a few days to get used to it."
Did not work!
These work great!!!! My fingers swell sometimes so my fingers can be different depending on the day... usually in the summer my rings fit tighter but in the winter they seem loose... this was the perfect solution!
"The plastic that the ""tubes"" are made of are too thick to work properly, imo. If your ring is really too big for you it might work."
"Bought so I could wear my deceased husband's wedding band next to my ring. Works very well and is comfortable. Can also be trimmed if necessary. Only con is because the snuggie had to be do wide I cannot get it wet. If I wash my hands,  I have to take the ring off because if I  don't,  I still have to take it off to dry the ring."
These are kind of thick and they catch on a lot of things.
They don't work. As soon as you bend your finger they fall off.
Didn't work AT ALL.
to big
There was only one in the pack that fit my ring and it somehow came off when I was drying my hands in a restaurant bathroom and ended up in the trashcan with the towels.  I wish there was an option to buy a pack of just one size so when something like this happens the entire pack isn't worthless.  Great idea though!
"As Advertised.  Well constructed, well satisfied."
Items were shipped and received just as promised.
Don't buy
Too bulky hard and uncomfortable. Don't use it at all.
Makes wearing my favorite heavy rings more comfortable.
too thick
Got these for my wife. She claims they are uncomfortable and don't fit very well.
These are not the easiest to put on a ring. It takes a little practice to get it in place while your ring is on. It is also not the easiest to put it on the ring first then slip your ring on because they want to pop off but once you get it in place and have it on..they hold up very nicely and hold your ring in place
"Purchased for a ring that was too big.  Did the job, would buy again."
Wife loves them.
"Bought at another place used smallest on a ring and largest for another . They lasted a day on rings popped off , fit fine in shop when jeweler put them on.
 Dont waste your money. I have now cut a piece of fish tank hose much softer an c comfortable plus stays on."
I did not like these they did not work for me to bulky and they slide around
I originally had one of the metal size adjusters on my ring from the store and I hated it. It would bend am loosen and was just down right uncomfortable. I bought a pack of these and as soon as I put it on I liked it! I also enjoyed the different sizes they had so I could find exactly what size was good for me. I'm rough of stuff and these things have held up very nicely and I don't have any problems with them. :)
Awesome!!! Size is perfect and solved my big ring problems.
Works great for rings of all sizes
Excellent product. Works well good variety of sizes.
This did not last as long as I expected it to. Within a week it had fallen off the ring. Not doing anything major with my hands just your typical day-to-day movements. No hard labor no washing dishes nothing of that sort. I'm plastic just kind of slipped off the ring. We tried different sizes in the same thing happened.
"very fast shipping, item works as described"
Does what I need it to... I haven't experienced the adjuster popping off or anything but it does occasionally slip from side to side. It also is not the most comfortable but you get used to it.  If you have an inexpensive ring that you like but are not trying to spend money on sizing - this works perfectly!
Works very well to resize a ring that is a little too big. Stays put and is comfortable.
They work fine...when they stay on.  After a few weeks they start to work loose and then they are gone.
these hurt!! too bulky!
These didn't stay on my ring at all.  I threw them out.
To wide and uncomfortable. I won't use.
"The wide range of sizes was excellent.  I was able to find one that perfectly fit my ring and now I have spares for other rings.  I didn't think I would need so many different sizes, I was wrong.  The selection was great!  The snuggie holds up well under constant daily use and is quite comfortable (if you use the correct size!)."
"Seller was AWESOME.  Product really is kind of useless - so sorry to say.  It has a slit in the tube to place onto the ring, but then when you place it onto your finger the sliding motion causes it to fall off."
Various sizes included in package so you can find the one that fits right!
"I recently got a ring as a gift, and since it was one of those cheap rings, it had weird sizings and just didn't fit. I bought this packet because it's a super cute ring and I would love to flaunt it around more, but none of the snuggies fit on my ring. Maybe when I find a ring that this will fit on, I'll leave a better review"
Kids love it!! Thank you
It did not fit my ring style.
"Good value, as described, speedy delivery."
Denton like to fit it all we never order them again
"Granted, my ring band is a ""branch style"" so it isn't the same size the full way around. However, I can't help but think these would feel just as foreign and precarious on a standard ring as they do on mine. This type of thing should be a temporary fix for a ring that's going to get resized, but sometimes that isn't possible due to resources or time. The idea sounds good, but in practice it feels like hard plastic pressing into your hand whenever you hold something. It also popped off of my ring on a daily basis. There's a seemingly perfect span of band on my ring without branches that can fit the snuggie, so I didn't think it would pop off. This happens especially when it's cold.

In a pinch, this is a temporary fix. Not great for the long term."
Just perfect
My wife uses theses on here rings they work great. If your ring is a little too large I highly recommend these no issues whatsoever.
was not at what I needed or expected. I could make something easier then this.
Even the smallest size was way too big and bulky
Too bulky and hard to get them on the ring. I returned them.
Works well!
Product is exactly what I wanted!  Good price!
Absolutely useless - won't stay on the ring if I wash my hands. Ij've already lost the only two sizes that might help my ring from slipping around my ringer.  I prefer the spiral one I used previously.
"It did the job.
I lost (and found) my wedding ring twice before I got serious about ring sizers. My ring is 7mm thick with a continuous floral pattern which can't be resized, so a do-it-yourself piece of round tubing just wouldn't  work (well, it might, but it'd be a lot more annoying than the ring snuggie). The sizer  needed to be flat.

I used the biggest one in the assortment. It's easy to get on and off, even when it's on my finger.

It's annoying, hard to get used to a chunk of plastic on the inside of my finger, but compared to the anxiety and trouble of losing my ring, it's worth  it."
If you need to make a ring fit you perfect? This item is for you. I Love them!
"Only one of these really worked for me.  The sizing is a bit awkward, feels kind of bulky on the finger.  I don't know what I expected, but they're a bit uncomfortable to wear often."
N C Y
Super recommended!
These are ok but they roll on your finger. I think i will have my ring resized it's not worth the hassle.
They do make ring tighter but are too thick for me. It'll take some getting use too since they're not as comfortable as a ring is. They did arrive in designated arrival time and free shipping was great. Won't bother to return.
"Ridiculous, uncomfortable pieces of thick plastic tubing."
Very uncomfortable.
"Arrived on time and as promised, thank you!"
Fail
"They do make the size smaller, but due to the one long slit they slip off and disappear way to easy."
Bought these for a friend. They popped off her rings and projectile launched across the room. They don't stay on the ring well.
"I just received my ring snuggles, and immediately put them on my rings. They are really easy to use and definitely made my rings fit comfortably, I did cut them in half, which worked better for me and made them feel less combursom."
"Very good and inexpensive way to fit your rings! The guard is very comfortable and very inconspicuous. Would rate a five but it's not too easy to slip the guard on while wearing my ring; had to put the guard on, then put my ring on. Overall a very good product."
love it. a quick fix for a 1k ring.
This is a decent product and allows me to wear big rings on all of my fingers.  They work best on thicker banded rings.
These work but fall off too easily. I lost one within a matter of a few hours at work.
"Unfortunately out of all the sizes in the package they were all too ""fat"" for my ring. I wear a 5 and a half and just bought a new ring, although it fits over my knuckle it's a little too loose once it's all the way on my finger. It was already sized from a store stock size 7 to the 5.5 when I bought it so I don't want it sized again. I'll have to try and find something else that will work better. If these were not so bulky or thick it would work perfect!"
"Loved the assorted sizes, perfect for my husband's ring."
"I was not impressed. They didn't work at all for me. I have small hands, my ring finger is a size 5.5, I bought these because in the colder weather my fingers shrink and my rings become too loose. They were bulky, hard to use and uncomfortable. They may work great on people with bigger hands/fingers but they didn't work for me."
"These are OK, definitely less expensive and troublesome than having all my rings re-sized by a jeweler - particularly when my fingers change size every couple hours. They do tend to slide around and perch themselves as close to the top of the ring as they can, rather than staying under the finger where they belong. I don't know what anyone could do about that, though."
"Worked well on some rings.  It could use some other sizes in the package, but for the most part, a good buy."
My fingers swell in the heat and need ring snuggies in the winter and these are perfect!
"husband loosing weight & wedding ring too loose. these worked great, he's very happy with the Snuggies"
Mehhh... I found these to be too bulky ... got the spirals instead.
Great product!
"Great product,  exactly what I wanted. ..as advertised!"
Works good.
Worked great on the fiancee's ring :)
"I was not a fan. I bought the ring snuggies to try and help keep the ring tighter on my finger during cold weather but find it itchy and comber-sum. I also did not find it tight enough, my fingers may have shrunk more than I realized.  I do want to hold onto the product to see how it does with holding the wedding band and engagement ring together."
"Helps keep my ring from slipping around all day. Still loose, but definitely better!!"
I was disappointed in their long term usefulness
"Very good, thanks."
These seem to be made for SQUARE rings. There's zero bend to them. Better off using tape.
Exactly what I needed to keep my ring from turning around.  Easy to attach and very comfortable to wear.
"Way too bulky to wear, not better than using string at all."
great
The best for my rings that are too big.  Clear band is perfect.
"I'm a petite person, it is really hard for me to find rings that fit. Usually i'd get the small rings that go halfway on your finger to put on with a reagular ring so it wouldn't fall out. After lookinh st these I decided to try them out and they work so good! You cannot really see them and they come in different sizes! Very helpul and I would recomend. They camouflage so it's not so visible"
Great
Arrived early & just as described. Works well so far.
Horrible. Don't work.
Ring Snuggies work great. But it is best if you buy variety packs . Some of them can be hard to fit rings.
Works well. Thank you
they fall off
Great Product and great service
Definitely work as described. Easy to clean.
"This works like a champ.  But if I could recommend a product improvement, it would be to round over the ends just a little.  I'm sure I will get used to the feeling, but when you start to wear this on your ring, I find that I notice a slight irritation from the edges, and I fiddle with it a lot.
This works much better than the spiral cut adjuster that I tried.  That one unwound itself from my ring as I wore it and never stayed put.  This works liek a champ, and with all the size choices included, I found one that fit the ring exactly."
Works but uncomfortable
"These were so unclmfortable. Your ring would have to be just the right amount too big for these to not cut off your circulation.

They also stay straight across and don't curve with the shape of the ring, and they are bulky and get in the way.  I do not use them."
These are terrible they don't help they are hard to use they don't stay on the ring
They fall off all the time.
Didn't really work with my rings....
"Cheap quality, don't stay attached to the ring, I wouldn't recommend"
Good assortment of sizes to make sure at least one fits your ring. I can definitely feel that it is there but it's a good temporary fix until you can resize a ring. Not a permanent solution but the ring stays in place and I don't have to worry about it falling off.
This was a must purchase after our engagement this year.  The snuggies fit perfectly and having the assortment really helped me to find the most comfortable fit!  I would definitely recommend this product.
"Never stayed on,, kept popping off.."
not very comfortable at all..
After a few days it opens up and falls off the ring.
These are so fabulous for a quick fix for a too large a ring. Select the size of the flexible pc  to fit around the shank of the ring. & it makes the ring fit! These are a MUST for people who wear rings!
"If I could have given this product no stars, I would have.  Cheap looking and not at all what I expected.  SAVE YOUR MONEY."
They do as advertised and the variations in sizes are very helpful for different ring types.
"These are a waste of money.  They fall off, are bulky and even though they are clear plastic, you can still see them.  Were not what I expected."
"Love these!! I got engaged in July and while my ring fit great then, now that the weather has cooled down my hands have shrunk and my ring always feels like it's going to fall off. I don't want to get it resized since I will probably just have to do it again when the weather gets hot next summer and my fingers swell up, so this was the perfect solution! And I love how inexpensive they are!"
to big an clunky sticks out when on ring. kept getting caught in my hair.
No way could I attach one on while wearing my ring.  Did not work for me. I threw them out.  A wast of money.
"Don't bother.  These do not work.  I threw them out the next day.  I put one snuggie on my ring, took a short nap later in the day, and it was missing.  I found it in the bed.  Just a waste of money."
Ring snuggies worked good for my wife ring 
My wife used these everyday and says they are comfortable.
works pretty good
"Can be purchased a lot less expensive at many jewelry counters. A basically useless piece of plastic. It came off multiple times until I gave up, always needed adjusted to not slide on top of finger next to stone, and extremely uncomfortable."
I was disappointed in the product. The ring snuggies kept falling off. There were only 3 in the package that worked with my finger and ring. Each fell off and was lost. The first one lasted a day and a half. The second less than 8 hours and the 3rd less than 3 hours
I wish I had 1 more wide ring guard in the package. Otherwise they work well. Do make your hands feel different when washing them or applying hand lotion.
Take up too much room on your finger than expected.
Very uncomfortable and doesn't work well.
I am enclosing Ring Snuggie with every ring I sell and my Customers love them.
Just what I need and it helps a lot
Great product! I've used them for years as my rings are top heavy and always turn on my fingers. These solve the problem. Came very fast and will keep buying
They work perfectly and are very comfortable! Definitely what I hoped!
"Meh, not for me. They made my ring too tight so I gave them to mom. Her size adjuster popped off and was lost forever but she liked it while it lasted."
useless
I thought I was purchasing Hat boxes so naturally they were too small.
"These ring sizers are thick. They are also quite wide and uncomfortable. They are so wide they don't wrap around the ring well (or maybe they are just wide for me because I have tiny fingers) Because they're too thick and you can't return them, I'm just out the money I paid for them. I'd suggest ordering sizers that you can return if necessary, always check the return policy before ordering. Like I said, these are really thick, so they will only work well if your rings are several sizes too big and you need a thick sizer."
Horrible product. Only had the product for a couple days and already lost two because they would not stay on. Don't buy!
Ridiculous
Popped off shortly after i put it on without even feeling it popped of. Maybe for very bery thin rings...
They are the worst.  very hard plastic and uncomfortable to wear.  they even spin around the ring themselves- and don't help the ring to stay in place.
Did not work for what I needed but that is not the fault of the product per se. My ring was not that round so the product did not fit correctly
These really work great.  I would recommend these to anyone whose rings are loose.
"These didn't work out at all for me.  I was looking for something that would help me keep my engagement ring on my finger until I was able to get it resized.  The pieces of PVC are too wide to fit on a ring (it might be that mine is so small -- size 5), and it took me quite a while to even get them around my ring.  Once I did, I put my ring back on.  The 'snuggie' immediately irritated my finger.  If I had worn this for the day, I probably would've had a blister, or raw skin at least.

I just think that the concept of these ring adjusters is all wrong.  They are too big and bulky for everyday use, and the edges are painful for fingers.  I don't think I would recommend this product to anyone.  Get your ring resized right away and don't waste your money on these.  I didn't have high expectations for these at all, and they still disappointed me."
"I kind of wish these were thinner. It fit perfectly on my ring and was comfortable just doing random things around the house. As soon as I got in the car and started driving, I couldn't even stand it. It kept sliding around and I could feel the ring trying to push through the gap. I took it off immediately and haven't put it back on."
I dislike these very much. They are very bulky and due to that they rub on your finger and leave marks. If you are an average size woman these are very big. My ring size is 6.5 and the smallest ring snugging is still slightly large. As time goes on the opening stretches. It has popped off about 4 times so far and I have had these about 4 months. It is difficult to use lotion or anything of the sort because the ring guard is so bulky the creme builds up. Not a fan at all. As you can see it sticks out very far and also has a large gap.
They don't stay good on the ring.
Worked for a temporary solution so my husband didn't lose his ring at the reception and could get his ring sized after the wedding.
Doesn't stay well. A waste of money.
ok
"Don't fit hard to put on, waste of money."
"After getting engaged, I found that my ring was a little too big so I bought these. They are a good temporary fix but taking it off every time I took my ring off to wash my hands became annoying. I eventually just had the ring resized. It did work while I used it though"
I liked because I had some rings that were big. It arrived very very soon.
"It doesn't quite keep my ring from spinning but it does prevent my ring from slipping off.  However it can get caught in my hair or scratch my face. And I did lose it the other day... as it caught on my bag and slipped off ( lost it on the subway, never to be found).  Good short term solution but I think I will try to get my ring resized permanently"
"They did not work for me. I found them uncomfortable and too thick. They do not flex to the curved shape of a ring at all, and thus pop off very easily. Wouldn't recommend them. Don't waste your time or money on them."
Very pleased with the purchase.
"This works very well, I have found another use for them. I have a diamond pennant on a cchain necklace , it was constantly shifting where the clasp would end up in front. I put a small snuggie on the clasp and no more shifting!"
"It is not the most comfortable ring sizer, and it's kind of bulky, but it does do the job and keeps a too big ring on your finger."
"Nice selection of sizers. I needed to add 1 and later 2 sizes to my wedding band, and these did the trick. (I lost 90+ pounds from my wedding weight, so my band was getting very loose!)

TIP: Try the bigger/wider fits first if you want a comfortable fit. Some of the skinny ones can bite into your fingers."
Got these for my mother. She said they were fine.
Good price - helped so much with my loose rings.
Didn't exactly fit or work as expected
they are hard to get on and don't really work
Pretty much as expected.  They work but they're kind of bulky and sometimes slip off of the ring.
These things are useless
Just what I needed. Seller shipped promptly. No issues.
"When we ordered our wedding rings I had never worn one before so I had no idea what size I wore. As such, I ended up receiving rings that are probably one size too big. Cue the Ring Snuggies! The Snuggies come in a variety of sizes so you can make your rings a little tighter or a lot tighter. They also have a Snuggies that will fit two rings, so that's the one I use for my engagement & wedding rings. It keeps them together and snug on my finger. They're not the most comfortable thing in the world (or maybe I'm just used to loose rings) so I only wear them if I plan on going swimming or to a theme park."
Does not hold and is bulky so you feel it.
It fell off a lot until I taped the slit to keep it from sliding off the ring. It was rather uncomfortable
worthless. simply worthless.
Works great-- as promised.
worked
These inserts are bulky and awkward.  The ring would have to be very oversized for these to work in my opinion.  I'm glad I ordered another product besides this one to size my rings.  It was a big improvement on this product.
"Liars! They said there are three piece per order! I made 6 orders, I should have received 18 pieces however I only received 6!!! I'm so furious right now!"
No good
These ring snuggies were way too big/thick/awkward for my ring. The smallest one fell off after 10 minutes and the rest were just too big to use. I would not recommend this product.
Would never purchase this again. All sizes came in the same thickness which doesn't differentiate or help with securing the ring.
They do exactly what they say they'll do.  You will feel them while they are on and they do move and twist around the ring a little bit.  To me it's constantly noticeable on my finger. It's perfect for a temporary fix but I will have to get my ring sized.
They really did not work for me. They felt uncomfortable for me
"My fingers are quite small, a 4.5, and most retailers do not sell costume jewelry in sizes below 5. This is great because I can buy a 5 and wear the snuggies and still be able to enjoy the jewelry. It is a bit chunky but it works."
"This is the second time I bought this product!
After significant weight loss, my wedding ring does not fit the same.  I am not yet at my goal weight, so I do not want to get my ring sized down just yet.  The ring snuggie allows me to wear the ring and feel safe that it is secure.

There are definitely some drawbacks:
- the edges of the opening catch on lots of stuff.  I actually cut (slightly more than a scrape, but no blood) my toddler's face while vigorously washing off pasta sauce.
- after a while the snuggie loosens and starts to pop off.  Eventually I lost mine (and no longer had the remaining various sizes).

Although this product isn't perfect, I was happy to buy it again while I continue on my weight loss journey.

I could definitely see this being beneficial for people who have significant swelling issues seasonally or throughout the day."
I only received one package...
Dont waste your money
"We bought these for my husband's ring because we accidentally ordered it too big. Unfortunately we can't get it resized locally without voiding the lifetime warranty and I am hesitant about mailing it back, so our solution was a ring snuggie! The package can with a variety of sizes, as shown in the picture, so we were able to easily find the perfect one for his ring and we had extras in case I needed to use one too! The snuggies are durable and do well in water (like when you wash your hands), although they can sometimes hold water but my husband just takes it off for a moment and shakes it. They are clear so they are easy to hide if you don't want them to be visible. I was worried about it being uncomfortable but my husband says he has no problem with it and I tried one and also didn't notice any discomfort or anything similar. All in all they were a life saver because his ring no longer slides of his finger dangerously while we are traveling, instead it stays snugly right where it belongs. '
I would like to note that they can get dirty and be hard to clean or if you drop one it can be hard to find it after, but I still love these products."
Smart product
Works great. Different sizes really came in handy.
Works great
Very helpful.  It makes the ring fit more snuggly.  It is a great way to resize the ring in a non permanent way.  Having a wide variety of sizers was the best part because depending upon the width of the ring a different sizer may be chosen.
very uncomfortable to wear
they work and keep my rings from falling off my fingers.
Great product!! Delivered in a very timely manner. I would definitely recommend this product and this seller.
Never tried before and I love them
I like it
Great Product.
crap
These were a huge waste of money.  They were very hard to clip on my rings and felt bulky and uncomfortable.  I tried every single size and they were awful.  I finally got one on and wore it around for a day to see if I could get used to it and it kept popping off.
This product was way too uncomfortable to wear. I had it off within minutes of wearing it.
"This was really annoying to wear. If you can, just have your ring resized"
"They work when they stay in place.  But I have very skinny fingers (size 4) so they roll constantly.  And I have lost 3 of these because they slip off the ring due to the slit.
Overall though, I think they would work better if the fit is snug."
Very uncomfortable on finger and unsightly in my opinion. Had to figure out how to put it on the ring myself since an adhesive label was placed right get over the instructions area. Really smart.
"Works great, thank you!"
Prefect cheap fic
"I have a large gold ring too tight to wear on my ring finger and too loose to wear on my pinkie finger, the finger I want to wear it on. I inserted one of the larger 'Snuggies"" and now the ring fits great, no more worries about losing it anymore. This product doesn't scratch the ring and it's comfortable to wear."
Worked good but fell off
"These are OK for a temperory fix but they have slide off more that staying on,need the old metal kind that had a latch"
did not fit ring or work properly :(
Love the different sizes.
They are great if you a ring that is a size too big. Wish they have a pack with just one size of the regular round adjuster. I don't need it to hold multiple rings together and some of them go to waste.
Kept falling off
Never works
"We had to replace our wedding rings after 41 years. My wife's broke two years ago, mine two weeks ago. We were able to replace them with exact matches, but I wear a 12.5 and had to choose between a 13 and a 12. Thev13 was fine unless my hands are wet, so I thought to try these. Works great."
Tried them and they work!  Maybe you could make a package of just the smaller ones for women as I think the big ones are unusable for me.  I'm so glad to find something to make wearing my rings a pleasure.  Now the stones stay up where they belong.  Thank you.
"Not one of these are good, appealing, or comfortable enough to wear on a daily basis. My wedding ring fits well but slips off easily when my hands get wet, which is why I wanted these. Good attempt I suppose but I will just risk losing the ring. I found it more irritating to have on my finger than worrying about losing the ring."
They work but are a bit thick on the outside too.
They work!!!
do not work threw them away
"Works on large rings, but very bulky and uncomfortable."
Works great.
"I have arthritis and just recently got married. My ring would not stop falling off when the swelling went down. Ring snuggie has been a great help in keeping my rings where they should be! Very soft yet durable, I don't even know I'm wearing them. The variety of sizes gives you many options. I'm glad I got this product!"
A great temporary solution before a ring resize!
Lost it the first time I wore it. Did not fit right. Will not recommend this product.
Great deal alot cheaper than buying from the stores love them.
Won't stay on my rings. Total waste of my $$
Ok but they fall off too easily. best for temporary use.
"This doesnt work, comes right off the ring. It is also very uncomfortable"
None of them fit my rings and no return policy...was a waste of money
"Worked okay for a short while, but wasn't very comfortable. Also only one of the pieces would work with my rings,the rest were to large."
Simplest is best. Tried other ones and this one worked best of all.
They were too thick and felt uncomfortable.
Easy to use..not made for thick rings..but good for others..
Terrible
"the snuggies did not work out too well for me because I work with my hands and they got in the way and caught on things. They would be fine if you were just wearing them to a cocktail party or something, but if you wear the rings all the time and use your hands a lot, they are a bit of an impediment."
These are okay. They have a tendency to fall off and you have to get used to them which can be difficult.
I used these on my engagement ring before I could get it sized. Worked like a charm!
this product is very helpful
Okay product and fast service
"I have rings that I cannot have sized because they are not ""real"" or are carved out of stone.  These adjusters while not initially comfortable become more comfortable the longer they stay on your finger.  These are good if your ring fingers contract depending upon the weather sparing you the need to re-size the ring everytime the weather/season changes or if you lose weight."
Uncomfortable. I stopped using them.
I liked how the package had various sizes and was easy to put on
"Product did what I needed it to. A little bulky on the ring, but it kept it from slipping off, which was the purpose. Received it quickly from the seller."
Does what it says.. Ring fits me perfectly now and doesn't come off. 
Didn't work...plastic
Super uncomfortable
Just what I was looking for!
Great use
"Hate these.  I put one on a ring and the same day it fell off and was lost.  Thought it might be a one off, but same thing happened the next day.  A friend knew I ordered some and had me get some for her before I tried mine and I feel bad because they are a complete waste of money."
"Good product but, you have to get used to having something on your ring"
It seems that the warmth from my skin makes this material more prone to loosening up and has come off the ring more than once. Good idea but needs tweaking....not the safest solution.
They're so useful when you have a ring that is a little big :)
It did just what I wanted it to.
Would be better if more flexible and rounded to the shape of a half circle to fit the shape of the ring.
Not quite as good a fix as I had hoped
"I'm not trying to be rude, but this is kind of a ripoff. I just went to Lows and bought some clear piping for 67 cents a foot. It worked great. My ring is snug and it works on my other rings too. Just sayin."
Loved them needed them listed so much weight my wedding ring fell off in the shower and I thought it was gone forever after 35 years scared the life out of me.
I've had three snuggies come off my wedding rings since I bought this product. I've had my ring sized twice but it's hard to get over my knuckle so I need to keep it slightly larger in size. I was hoping the snuggies would keep my rings in place once I got then over my knuckle. I'll keep looking.
It does come with different sizes.  Only one worked.  All the others were way to large or small.  The one that did fit came off and was lost during packing for moving my mom so they don't stay on thru heavy work.
Bought a ring and lost some weight so I needed the ring sizes. Love that the sizes are all different shapes and sizes.
Bought an awesome vintage ring at a flea market that was a bit too big. These were perfect!
"It worked well, but i had to tape it closed/together in order to keep it on. Has multiple sizes for different sized rings, which i nice."
"The wall thickness of the tubing primarily determines how much it reduces the effective ring size.  The different tube lengths make little difference and are there for marketing purposes, in my opinion.  The wall thickness was too great to be of any use in my case.  It may be useful for someone with a grossly oversized ring"
Excellent product! Shipped beautifully! I will recommend any time! :)
"They fell of too soon, was no way to keep them on."
I've been making strides in my health and am finding that my wedding bands are none too snug these days. I'm afraid of losing them constantly.  I sought out these Ring Snuggies here on Amazon. I received them yesterday and was really happy to find that even with my wide band- 6mm there was a Snuggie that fit. I've been wearing it all day and it fits perfect- I can barely tell it's there unless I flatten my palm against something. So I'm glad it's comfortable. I would highly recommend this item for anyone who has found themselves in a similar situation- and I just don't want to have them sized yet as my healthy journey continues I might find that I'll need to go even smaller.
"HAVE ALWAYS USED THESE TO MAKE MY RINGS TO FIT PERFECTLY. AFTER USING THEM FOR A WHILE THEY BEGIN TO GET HARD SO I ALWAYS KEEP A GOOD SUPPLY ON HAND. I ALSO TAKE A STRIP OF THE POP-UP TAPE AND CUT IT IN HALF AND WIND IT AROUND THE MIDDLE OF THE BAND--THEN I PUT MY RING ON AND PUT THE PROPER SIZE OF SNUGGIE OVER THE TAPE. IT IS ALMOST IMPOSSIBLE TO GET A SNUGGIE THAT WILL MAKE THE RING FIT PERFECTLY--SO THAT IS THE REASON FOR THE TAPE, AND ALSO IT KEEPS THE TAPE ON AND PROTECTED. TOGETHER THEY MAKE A PERFECT MATCH. I LOVE MY SNUGGIES."
These worked great. My finger is smaller at the base and needed to get ring over knuckle. They keep your ring from moving all around. Great solution for now.
Don't stay on my rings and they fall off every time I wash my hands.  Don't buy them!
"Disappointed at the hardness of the plastic! Hard to keep on, it wants to flip around and fall off."
These are very good for the money. I only needed one of the sizes for my wedding ring just until we get it sized and it's comfortable and stays on the ring very well. I hardly ever notice it's there. I would buy this product again if I needed to.
"My ring was a thin band and my ring is size 3 ,  It didn't work for me "
"Worthless, they kept falling and I lost my gold ring because of it. DO NOT BUY!!!!!

do
not

buy"
Love the variety of thickness of snuggles as I have different styles!
Junk won't stay on the ring. Don't wast your money
I had recently lost weight and was unable to wear my wedding rings safely.. I always felt like I was going to lose them. I looked high and low for DIY ways to size my rings smaller and ran across the Ring Snuggies ... gotta say . glad I spent the little money they are .. rings fit great.
Uncomfortable and ineffective solution to resizing.
Wish I would have gotten all one size.  They are comfortable to wear.
"Twist adjusters are so,much better but these work."
These work great! Beware that the slit sometimes opens and they may fall off.
great
Works great and great price
"These are a good idea, but they are too think. Your ring would have to be way way too big for these to work."
"It functions well for my needs.  I prefer the type that you ""cut to length"" and slide under the ring.  however, they aren't as secure as the Ring Snuggies."
Works well
"I really like these. They make my rings fit. Thanks. I would add another regular ring sized snuggie. I lost one, and was glad to have the other one in the same length, but am afraid I will lose this one! I am glad to have the other ones for bigger rings, as I have a few of those. I will now be able to wear rings inherited from my mother.  I like them, it doesn't take long for them to be very comfortable."
Great product. Easy to use.
"They're pretty good at keeping rings from turning on your finger, but they do get dirty over time. I only wish they'd stay nice and clean!"
"Only a few sizes in the box fit my finger and engagement ring.  The rest are too big.  The few sizes that fit did the trick though, preventing my solitaire setting ring from rotating around my finger.  The plastic snuggies fall off easily and get lost though."
These do not work
Tightens up your rings quickly without costly changes.
The Ring Snuggies work quite well for me. The various sizes and shapes accommodate my ring bands well. I'll buy them again. I received the product quickly from the seller.
They have served me very well. Thanks
Exactly what I needed!
Waste of $$$ don't work
love them but they fall off really easiley
waste of money is what I can say.
"They're great.  I have but one issue....the snuggie will twist and the opening ends up where it's placed on the ring and come off.  So I am constantly checking it.  Other than that,  my top heavy rings fit perfect and my hubby's wedding ring is more secure."
They fit but it also slips off
Absolutely great product! Comes with a variety of sizes making it easy to adjust any ring to fit your finger! Bought these specifically for my engagement ring and already found a good fit!
Good product
Came faster as I thought and it's just what I needed. Excellent!
The plastic is too thick and dense to place around the ring comfortably.
These definitely help with making a ring smaller and fit your finger but they are very uncomfortable and bulky.
"I've used this product before, and I love it.  My fingers seem to swell sometimes so I don't want to have my rings sized.  In cool weather when my fingers were not swollen I couldn't wear some of my rings.  This product solves the problem perfectly."
Nice.
I've lost over 40 lbs. and my rings were sliding all over and driving me crazy. Found these and ordered two sets. They work great !!!
I did not like these.  Not comfortable
"Met expectations
Happy"
"waste of money , is just pieces of an air hose"
They were ok...they come off but ok for temporary use
Works ok for small bands big wad on back of ring
Does not help.
These are ok. There are more comfortable options out there.
"My ring is very loose, and I didn't want to get it resized again so I bought a ring snuggie. It slips on the ring and I twist the opening to the outside. It stays on well and my ring is on nice and tight.

Great product, however it does build dirt etc. Remember to clean it from time to time."
"Only one size fit nicely, and after losing more weight I had to add tape around it to hold my ring on better. These are very helpful though."
"These work like a charm! My first engagement ring was lost years ago, so this helps since I'm a little scared to let ANY one size my ring again."
"Nice see through ring adjuster. Keeps ring from turning around on finger, and barely noticeable since it is clear. Nice also that there are various sizes of these included."
They work but a bit uncomfortable. I only use them when I absolutely have to
These didn't last long at all. I put one on my ring and within an hour it was already stretched out and no other size would fit.
"I bought these because I was props master for a musical production where several of the girls needed to wear engagement rings and our props didn't fit them. These worked fine for that purpose, but I don't think I'd want to use this with my actual rings. They're kind of bulky and unsightly and they're not super easy to get on and off the ring. If you just wanted something to keep the ring on your finger while you wait to get it resized then this might be a good option, but I wouldn't use it as a long term solution for any actual nice jewelry."
need something to make a ring small.  these a kind of bulky.  they slide around on my ring
My ring maybe a little to wide.  and I used the larger size .  Its ok but little bulky .  and than it would pop off the ring. I think it may work better on narrower ring..
I received my shipment two weeks late. The product is great quality.
"The shipping was quick and there were a lot of different sizes included. However, these are very wide from left to right which drastically changes your ring size. None of the options offer a half size tightening of a ring. I did trim one down and it worked for a week. If you're looking for something to shrink your ring size by 1 full size or more, these are perfect."
"Only good for THIN rings ,,,, not bands or thicker metals "
"Delivery was fine, so 1 star. I am unhappy with the product. The plastic ring sizers
are not stable. They would end up next to the stone-quite unattractive. Some are rectangular and of no use. None of the sizers worked on any ring of mine, & I happen to have a large selection of high quality diamond rings & other gems. I don't think I can trust them to keep the rings on. Due to illness I have lost a lot of weight, I was going to use these sizers while I gain back my weight. I could have them professionally resized, but why spend so much money just to have to do it again as I regain my health & weight? I'm sorry to give a negative report. I wouldn't want anyone's rings falling off, gone forever. Be safe & do not buy these."
I wear this at work when I type so my ring doesn't spin around.  It helps secure my ring and it is not annoying to wear.  It really solved the problem I was having.
I would have liked more smaller ones but they are just what you would expect
"Works very well for that additional ""snug"" needed for my ring to fit perfectly.  Would certainly recommence to others.  Delivery was excellent....as usual with Prime.  Thank you Amazon!!"
"Ugly, awkward and clumsy.  Difficult to install.  Near impossible to remove while on finger.&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Ring-Snuggies-The-Original-Ring-Adjusters-Assorted-Sizes/dp/B0014DGXU8/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Ring Snuggies - The Original Ring Adjusters - Assorted Sizes</a>&nbsp;Unacceptable product."
"This seemed the best solution in theory.  However the snuggies were difficult to get in place and, finally, not comfortable for me. I have small hands and that seemed to be part of the problem.  I wish the plastic was softer and more pliable as the edges were uncomfortable."
Keeps falling off my rings. Tried Different sizes and they all fall off. I hoped to like this product but I can't.
Impossible to get them on the ring.
Great worked as described
Wish they had more smaller pieces. Variety pack was ok
A waste of money.too bulky.
I bought these because I wanted my three rings to stay together and not spin around.  I was pleasantly surprised that that Ring Snuggies worked and fixed my problem. They are very easy to put on your rings and stay in place.  I don't worry about them falling off. I love how it comes with a variety of sizes for you to choose from to get the best fit. They work great and you don't even know you have it on! I recommend this product to anyone who is not ready to make a permanent change to their rings.
work great
"They serve their purpose, but there are only 2 sizes. They are very THICK, and I can't use mine for longer than 30 mins. There's nothing to decrease ring size by like half a size."
Very uncomfortable. I used a couple of these on some rings that were a little too big. It was very obvious and awkward that I had the ring Snuggie on. It was very uncomfortable and I am absolutely not impressed with this item.
Like this
Awful product. Didn't help at all. I wouldn't buy again or reccomend to anyone.
These are a helpful item for ring wearers especially if your finger size changes throughout the day. Convenient and reliable. These also arrived quickly and are inexpensive.
Great product - and so many sizes to use later! Clear see-through plastic so you can hardly see it on the inside of the fingers.
Really hoped these would work. Put one on a slightly too big ring and it popped right off. They didn't stay on for me. Very disappointed!
Worst thing I've ever purchased. Might as well have thrown 3 dollar bills in the garbage. I was expecting a softer plastic so it would at least fit decently on the ring but no..it's pretty hard and does NOT fit nice on the ring at all.
As expected reduced size 8 rings to 7.5 . Haven't had chance to wear adjusters for more than few hours.
Works great
An annoyance!
This is what we expected.
"They do not work, I have lost most of them.  They don't stay on, they fall off the ring and because it's clear, I have a difficult time finding them."
does the trick!
"Overpriced little pieces of plastic, but where else are you going to get them? Wife says they come off sometimes...more sometimes than often.  They basically do the job,  so I give them a thumb up."
Easy to use and comfortable
Snuggies are bulky and can be felt on fingers.
love the variety of sizes.  really works well. there's a size to fit all rings in the pack
Solved my problem of trying to figure out how to get a size 11 ring to stay on my size 5 finger. (I had to use three around the band to get it to stay on my finger properly.)
They're kind of big and they fall off.
Fall off when wet
bad for size 8 rings.
Very easy to put on the ring. It kept it in place very well. A little'  pinchy'.
"I was so excited to try these cuz my wedding ring was always so loose! Well not what I expected, they are to big and bulky and they alway pinched my finger, not sure that I would recommend them, maybe just recommend getting your rings resized!!"
Not the best.  After a while they became stretched and fell off. Not always comfortable.
These are far to chunky and noticable to put on a ring. I would go with the dipring to be honest.
I really thought they would work but they just cut off the circulation in my fingers
These aren't exactly what I expected. I thought I would be able to adjust for small movements in sizes but the smallest one included it for a full size too big and it makes the ring way too small. The snuggie doesn't follow the curve of the ring either so it's really uncomfortable. Will be returning.
Arrived on time. However they are hard to adjust the rings a little bit. Had to cut them down so the rings I got these for would fit
"These are TERRIBLE. You might as well just wrap tape around the back of your ring (it'll feel better than these).  And they don't accept returns (gee, wonder why). Do yourself a favor, buy Ring Noodle instead.  They're soft and curved LIKE YOUR RING.  These, on the other hand are hard as a rock and straight (why would you make them straight other than because it's cheaper)?"
"I liked these at first. The very smallest piece worked for my ring, none of the rest in the package will though. It felt weird like the head of my ring had spun around and I needed to fix it. Then it popped off a few times too. I finally bought the metal band you clamp onto the ring and love it."
inexpensive fix and comfortable to wear...especially if you do not want your antique rings ruined by cutting and sizing them..it devalues the price of the ring and you are stuck if your fingers swell or you lose weight..have used them on my entire collectable ring collection and no problems.inexpensive so before you have your jeweler start hacking your collectables try them  you will not be disappointed
"These are very uncomfortable. I tried all of the sizes, and I did not find one that was comfortable. The only reason I gave them any stars is because they do do what they are made for.&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Ring-Snuggies-The-Original-Ring-Adjusters-Assorted-Sizes/dp/B0014DGXU8/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Ring Snuggies - The Original Ring Adjusters - Assorted Sizes</a>"
these are not worth the money at all. only a few of them are good - the totally round ones are awful and most of them are too long unless you have enormous fingers. go to the jeweler and have them put little balls inside the ring. much better solution than this. i guess this would be ok in a pinch (which I why I got them).
They work great feel comfortable if you wear it 24/7 as i do you will need to replace it every couple months but it does come with a bunch so not really a problem
They work but they pop off very easily.
good.
Came quickly.  Was as expected
"Impractical. Get lost, don't work. Waste of money"
OK
necessary
They come off fairly easily and have lost half of them. I would not recommend buying these.
These didn't work for me.  You get what you pay for.
I placed the appropriate size possible on my ring and it stretched after wearing my ring a few days. May have been when I washed my hands. The warm water may have streched the plastic
They work but they give you blisters
This are very uncomfortable to wear and seem to get dirty really fast. I used one in the box and threw the rest away.
Didn't work for my wider band. The diff sizes r nice but nothing bigger. Most r just small & medium. So bummed. Really needed.
Great ring guards..I love them..thank you
"Not good, not bad, just meh...."
"Shipped very quickly & have worked very well for my women's rings. A friend had a ""to big"" mens ring though, & these did not fit. We bought clear plastic tubing from the hardware store & made one for him from that. Very happy that these worked for me & we figured out how to help with a larger ring as well!"
"Arrived promptly, good  assortment, work well."
"They work but there's a lot of downsides to it. For starters, the plastic is very rigid so it's quite difficult to put it on your ring once it's on (if you have the issue of needing an adjuster AFTER you put the ring on...I cannot use this and then slide my finger through) especially if you are using your non dominant hand. Once it is on, it does what it is intended to but it's quite large and bulky and the sensation under your finger makes it feel llke there is something constantly there. I've used them on a few rings and it's the same issue with all of them. Needless to say, I will be lookng for something less bulky and obvious."
Were perfect
Plastic is too thick and makes the ring too small. Do not recommend.
Bought for my mother.  She has been losing weight and this is perfect for her rings.
The snuggies do keep the ring in place but after awhile it get uncomfortable the plastic is too thick and hard. I wouldn't recommend it for daily wear but for special occasions where you would wear it for a couple of hours would be good.
"I decided to try these out after my school ring fell off my finger twice. The concept is good, but I didn't have luck. This pack comes with a variety of sizes, but not one of them fit on my ring. The closest in size was slightly too big in diameter, which made it uncomfortable to wear, and the next size down was slightly too small and would fall off. I found it pretty ironic that I bought ring guards I bought to prevent losing my ring, and then would lose the ring guards lol. These ultimately were just not a success for me, I've started wearing my ring on a chain until I can get it sized."
This product is too sharp and is not comfortable to wear. Would not recommend
"It is a good product, but I only needed to go down about a half-size and these are much too thick. They will size a ring a full-size smaller."
Just what I needed
Cheesy...and it falls off
"This product was made from poor quality material. I tried to return it, and I couldn't print out a return label."
Too bulky on finger
"Did not work for me.  Hard to put on and made rings impossible to get off.  Once I got one to fit it did keep the rings from turning, but I will be getting my rings soddered."
Had a selection of sizes but the plastic was really hard and uncomfortable.
We got these for my fiance's ring. He says it made things really awkward and uncomfortable.
"Very bulky and hard plastic. Made my slightly loose ring way too tight, and they're pretty long which makes them uncomfortable and difficult to get on/off."
Won't stay in the ring
Item arrived a day early and as promised.
Had a variety of sizes which fits different rings. I'm pleased with them.
I really like these ring snuggies.  Easy to use. And not on the ring permanently. I'd love to see a package with just the small gage (If that's the way to put it)... Most rings that I ware are the narrow band. But I love them just the same. Thank you for making such a good product.
"Work well, got dirty quickly and could be bulky/challenging to get on"
"Terrible. So hard to get on & off one handed. As I tried to put in on my ring myself, it flipped out of my hand. Worst part, this product is ineligible for returns. What a waste of $5."
"Was not what I was expecting, did not work for me at all"
Difficult to fasten to ring and unpleasant to wear because plastic is hard.
"The Snuggies really work. I do not care what anyone says, these things do the trick!"
"I have a couple of rings that I used to wear on my right ring finger but I wanted to wear them on my pinky fingers instead, so I purchased these so they wouldn't fall off my pinky. Well, I will be investing in the higher priced metal ones that actually resize the ring and form the curve. These do not flex well when wearing them and they literally go straight across. I figured, because of the material, that they would form to my finger... maybe flex a little... NOT AT ALL! They flatten out my finger so it looks like the bottom of my finger is a fat flat flab on my hand!!! They're cheap enough, but I still wouldn't recommend wasting the money on them. I'm going to buy the ones that are $10 a piece and let y'all know how they are!!"
need more small ones
This item works good
a little bulky.
Perfect different sizes
I just received these today. I put one on my ring and it already fell off.
They hurt and it did not have the different sizes.
Excellent product and service
Just what I thought it would be
Their alittle big i can feel it on my hand and it gets in the way
Ended up being kind of bulky for me.  I don't really use them often.
Came in handy for my husband since his wedding band was a little too big! Works great!
"Product will help your ring fit, but it's uncomfortable to wear on a regular basis"
IT WORKS
"Having recently lost weight, I found that my wedding ring and my pinkie ring were both too wide; I was reluctant to wear them, as I feared losing them. The Snuggies adjusters did the job perfectly; my rings now fit snugly on my fingers and are in no danger of sliding off. A far simpler and cheaper solution than having the rings re-sized!"
Kept my rings from turning around my fingers. Just had to get used to NOT having to keep turning my rings around now. Happy about that though.
To bulky
"Not like them, money wasted!!!!!"
Very disappointed. This product would not stay attached to my rings.
"Perfect! In fact, I'm wearing it now."
Uncomfortable. Abandoned them.
They don't work as well as I thought they would but good enough for a ring you where once in a while
"The plastic tubes come in a pack of various sizes.  it should fit most rings from large to small.
The instructions say to put the snuggy/snuggie on after you have the ring on.  I found it easier to take off the ring then put on the snuggy.  They hold the ring tightly.
Here are the problems that I had with it.  First, the ends of the tubes are sharp.  The need to be filed down so they don't irritate the fingers.  Second, if you use bar soap in the bath, the soap will become caked around the snuggy.  Either you have to remove your ring to shower or spend a minute cleaning it after each shower.
I was irritated with these issues, so I removed it.  I only had a problem of my ring flying off when I was exercising, so I put it back on only then.  The rest of the time I snuggled it to my key ring.  Eventually it fell of that and got lost.  The other tubes aren't the same size so I can't use them now."
keep popping off
Hard to fit properly on my ring and uncomfortable to wear. I bought another type/brand of sizer that is more of a spiral and LOVE it.
The packet arrived sooner than I expected and I'm already using its contents.
Works!
Finally got a hold of these ring sizers and they work wonderfully. Thank you
Don't waste your money
Helps me not lose my rings.
Item fits uncomfortable . Hard rubber plastic.
"They take some getting used to because you can feel the bulge on the underside of your finger. It isn't the fault of the product though, the photos were very clear it's just that I didn't take it into consideration.  You can be sure I'm still going to use them so I'll stop whining."
"Hated this thing.  Hard plastic,  rubbed my finger in an uncomfortable way, took it off after an hour.  Better off to use a piece of yarn. Wouldn't buy again."
"You cannot use these with rings that are too thick because the plastic won't fit all the way around the ring. That said, these work VERY well with the majority of my rings. I had several that were too loose on me and this fixed the problem right up."
Absolutely no value it's like a strong cut in pieces and cut in the head to come across with a ring is absolutely no beauty no value no nothing but I guess you get what you pay for an absolutely nothing
"Useless, probably they work for wide band rings!?"
"Too bulky, didn't work. Not comfortable. Sorry I bought them. Will resize ring."
"They work great, and love the variety of sizes that are available."
Pretty expensive for a few bits of plastic.
"I ordered this pack to help the two rings I wear to fit a bit more snugly after losing some weight. They are OK, but you only get one of each size. There are some HUGE ones in the package and only 2 that are smaller. Was only able to use one. Comfortable to wear ... I just wish I had known I needed 2 packages."
"The product does what it is supposed to do, but I wish there were a few multiples of the same sizes of the snuggies in case you lose one, or at least an option to purchase just one size. Most of the other sizes in the package won't be used by me so it feels like a waste. The one size I do use seems to fit fine, makes the ring snugger. If you use bar soap, you will get soap inside of it, but that's not a big deal. It has fallen off a few times, in fact I can't find the smaller sized one I was using orignally and although the next size up does the same job, it feels funny on my hand. Something to get used to I suppose."
These really helped.. are comfortable..affordable and make my ring truly adjustable
I got engaged and my ring was a half a size too big. I ordered these and they were perfect. Obviously got more than I needed but did its job and kept my ring tight until I was able to get it sized.
I have been losing weight and my wedding ring is now loose. I still want to wear my ring and I can't afford to get it re-sized right now. I bought this product in hopes that it would work until I can get to my ideal weight and save enough money to afford the re-size. So far I have not had any issued with this product and am impressed with this item.
Used these years ago and happy to find again. Works just as good as they did back then!
They work pretty well. Some times they work their way around front and you have to readjust. But it is a quick and inexpensive solution.
Great
My Ring Snuggies were shipped very quickly and work great!
GREAT
Hard to put on one handed. Directions say to put on while wearing the ring. Didn't end up using them.
Very uncomfortable. Was expecting a little less rigid plastic. I didn't like noticing it was there and you couldn't help feeling it. After a few minutes I couldn't stand it any longer and removed it. This was using the smallest ring adjuster in the package. A softer tubing that could mold around the ring base would have made this perfect. Disappointed to say the least. Don't waste your money.
Very uncomfortable and too thick
Reliable performance as expected.
Ended up getting rings that were way too big to wear on any fingers. Friend recommended these type of things and they did actually help. The different sizes of the snuggles helped with the different bands of rings I had.
Works fine
It popped off my ring immediately after putting it on.
Did not work on my rings. Never was able to use them. Nice idea though if it works
These guards never stay in place. My husband won't wear the guard on his ring.
"It was exactly what I wanted and was delivered on time, as listed."
"Comes in a pack of various sizes, the bigger ones are bulky."
Skip it! To big and bulky to wear for long :-/
Work okay.
The snuggies keep sliding from side to side.
"2 stars for the variety of shapes and sizes. But NONE of them helped size-up my simple gold regularly shaped gold perfectly circular ring. ??? ALL of them fell off after a few minutes' wear and we're lost or found on floor. The sizes, not the ring, thankfully!"
Absolutely was NOT worth the money....very disappointed....can't even use them
"Good product, works as advertised. Four stars instead of five because even the biggest size doesn't close around my (male) wedding ring. The ring is big - probably 10 or 11 mm - but most male rings I see are roughly the same width, so I think it's reasonable to expect that a product advertising ""fits most ring sizes"" should fit mine well. However, the biggest snuggie *does* fit on my ring, it just doesn't close all the way. I wear it with the gap outside so it doesn't rub and irritate my finger, and I have to be careful not to scratch whatever surface I'm touching (not really a big deal once you're used to it). The snuggie does indeed keep my somewhat-loose ring comfortably-tight on my finger."
These are a joke. Don't waste your money...
"In my 1st order of these there was 24 pieces, in this set only 6."
It took me awhile to figure out how to get the ring snuggies on my rings but once I got them on I was very happy with them.  They keep my rings from turning on my fingers which really annoyed me.  Now my rings fit perfectly and feel very comfortable.  They are so much better than the other ring guards I tried.  I will probably buy more.
"One hour and it had fallen off the ring... Gone forever.  Tried again, same result.  Waste of money"
They came off too easily
Makes rings fit well.
"I hated this, product, but guess i paid for what i got, never will i ever purchase this again.. hated it!!!"
These feel very bulky and irritating.  They do the job to keep your ring in place.  I thought about returning but then saw that these are packaged by disabled adults and for $5 I'd rather let them keep the money.  I will try another brand.  Update:  These are absolute junk!  And FYI they don't offer returns so DO NOT BUY!
Still need to know if only the large snuggie can be purchased.
Popped off too easy.
These work great and really aren't that uncomfortable.
didn't actually use these. i put one on my ring for about 5 minutes and it came right back off and into the trash
not too comfortable and slightly hard to put on.
"These plastic small tube -noodle type, different sized short tiny tubes are slit and can fit on your rings that roll around your finger because the rings are too big. It is an inexpensive way to size your rings. They can also be used temporarily and do not hurt the rings. I wore them on two rings as instructed. The plastic little tubes wanted to stay on the palm side of my hands and became annoying, which is why people buy the sizers to begin with. Too large rings flop around are are annoying, also. My good solution was to find the smallest ""noodle "" that worked and set it on a piece of curled scotch tape, and cut in half with an x-acto blade or mat knife. That made the tubes not as wide. Now they fit more toward the front of both rings, closer to the front of my hand and I cannot feel them. Follow the directions to open and slip the ""cut vertically short tube"" onto your ring as you turn the plain back of the ring to the top of your hand, while wearing the ring. Move the little clear tubes around to the front or side of the ring and it feels better and will work.  The rings do not slip and slide any more. No one will notice the tiny ,clean tubes, close to the front or to the side of your finger. Use the smallest one that will work. FIND A CLEAR BAG TO PUT THE PLASTIC PIECES IN because they are easy to lose."
A+++
"These are not as effective as they look. I ordered the Ring Snuggies to keep my ring from turning. Unfortunately, as soon as I put my ring on my finger with this wrapped around it the adjuster pops of of the ring."
Ok
"Can't say that I liked these. They were extremely difficult to get on the ring while I was wearing it (the fact that it was a wide band probably didn't help). When I finally did get it on, it was so tight that it immediately cut off circulation to that finger, and then I had to wrestle it off. I only needed something to make the band a little thicker; this was way too thick & not easy to use. I ended up cutting a short piece of rubber band, wrapping it around the ring, and supergluing the rubber band to itself (not to the ring). Not the prettiest fix, but it works for now."
Work just ok!
Had to use smallest snuggie to fit my finger.  There is a gap due to my ring size.
Perfect for my ring until I got get it re-sized. These are clear so they aren't too noticeable and they didn't bother my finger when worn. Easy to slip on and take off if needed. I would buy again.
they were good but I cant wear them they are uncomfortable
4 stars only because I would have preferred the option to buy just the small individual size that only 3 come in the set. The bigger snuggles will not be of use to me. The price was great for an alternative until I get my ring adjusted to my size
These totally didn't work for me because my ring is only a little too big - these would only work if your ring is a full size too big - the plastic ring is bulky.
"They are easy to install......however, they do not remain secure on the ring."
"Good, but not perfect. However, does what I need it to do."
It works
These are OK but they didn't work for my wedding ring set.  They probably  would be fine for a single ring.
"They are a little large, and feel awkward. You might be able to get used to it, but they are bulky."
Great product and seller
"i don't think these work. not comfy, just inconvenient. Might work for some people with certain issues, but not for me."
Does its job.  Bulky and can feel it on my finger bad.  Slips off sometimes.
"I bought this to keep my ring from turning.

PROS
- It DOES keep your ring from turning if you don't want to size it down because the ring would then not fit over your knuckle.
- I like that you put it on AFTER you put the ring on so the ring then fits snug and doesn't turn.
- I found the tip to warm it up first to make the plastic soft helps with putting it on.

CONS
- You can see it and it looks a little bulky in the palm of your hand, but that didn't really bother me.
- It can be difficult to put on - warm it up first with a hairdryer or hot water.
- They do stretch out after about a month of wear and will go flying off your ring. I've lost a few so now I have backups."
My fiancee is extremely petite and it is hard to get rings to sit upward let alone stay on her finger! This product works and it is much more comfortable than the quick metal fix you get from the jeweler.
"Product as described and delivered very quickly. The snuggie sometimes pops-out from inside the ring, so it is not a perfect solution, but if your ring swings around all the time then this definitely helps!"
"These were a lot thicker than I expected them to be. For someone who needs to make their ring at least a size and a half smaller these would work, but anything less than that would be tight"
Work perfectly
"They surprised me just what I wanted, big ones and small ones. Secure feeling."
absolutely worthless I would not buy this product again!
it is so fat I had to take it off
"My fiance proposed to me the day before new years. She bought the size I told her I was but in the last few months I've lost over 20 pounds. So, my ring was a bit loose but I wouldn't take it off. Until, one day I was throwing trash into a garbage bag. Felt this weird feeling, my ring was gone! I dig it out the trash and the next day order these. The assorted sizes are great. At first I used the smallest one within 5 minutes it popped off. Then I put the next to smallest one on there and it fit great. I put it on my ring then put my ring on."
"While these do keep your ring on your finger,  you are constantly having to readjust the ""snuggie"". It's forever sliding around and sometimes ends up by the top of my ring.  Very obnoxious! Fixes the main issue but comes with a lot of frustration."
Need this for any loose fitting rings.
I found these uncomfortable to use as they seemed to fat when placed on ring. Ended up throwing them away.
"What a joke. They come off every time you take off your rings,they will not stay in place. A waste of money,go get em sized at the jewelers the right way"
These came with a lot of different sizes which was nice. However if you use them a lot they wear out quickly and fall off easily. I used them for a ring that I didn't want to get resized. But the snuggle that fit best fell off after a couple uses and fell down the drain! So they are useful for limited time use but not a good long term solution.
"Unhappy, they do not work for me."
THIS ITEM DID NOT WORK FOR ME. WAS NOT WHAT I WAS LOOKING FOR.
"It's okay. They fall off. I got them yesterday and already lost 2 of them. They work short term, eventually I will need to get my ring resized the correct way."
these are perfect they are assorted sizes product arrived very quickly
I don't know what I expected but these did Jerome ring from turning and sliding but it was super uncomfortable and I wound up just tossing it
This is just what I hoped it would be.  Thank you1
"These are okay. They seem to fit the purpose. The main problem with them is that after a little bit of time, you'll just remove them or wind up with them constantly pinching your finger. A well fitted ring is definitely much more preferable."
They do the job. But I found them pretty painful after some time
They work great and got to me quick!
"Product arrived safely, in good condition & I got it quicker than promised. I have used these ring snuggies before with great success. When I get them on a ring, I put a small piece of clear tape on it so they won't come off. Works like a charm :-)"
I like this product but it is hard to get used to the sensation of a new thing on your ring on the underside of your finger.
"Although this product works ( I almost lost my ring ) , it feels quite annoying"
"Bought these for my wife because her fingers swell due to a medical condition so she buys her ring a size bigger. She found them a bit uncomfortable at first but she got use to them to the point where she didn't even feel them on. After a month or so though, they started to open up and fall off the rings, which resulted in the loss of one of her favorite rings. I wouldn't recommend using these with an expensive ring."
"Not happy with these ring snuggies. Directions say to put it on ring once on your finger, a little difficult to do it that way and won't go over your knuckle if you put it on ring prior to putting ring on finger.  You may have to work it to soften them, very stiff. Threw them away and ordered a different type."
I guess these are better than nothing.
They work could be more comfortable
"Can't beat it for the price and ease of use. My knuckles are swollen with arthritis, so I have to wear an oversized ring. I've been using a Bandaid--not ideal, because it holds water and looks tacky. Or I could pay a jeweler $500 to put a Fingermate device on my ring. Not much of a choice. So I ordered these little plastic Snuggies, and frankly, I love them. They don't hold water, they're easy to slip on and off but they stay on the ring when they need to, and they're comfortable. Also, they're made of clear plastic so they're not real noticeable. Grateful for a cheap and comfortable fix to my ring problem."
"Had hoped this would solve ""winter ring roll.""  Too hard to get on, uncomfortable when wearing and then the thing pops off and clear plastic is hard (or impossible) to find."
the ring snuggies did not seem to stay on the rings and continuously pinch.
"In 2014, I got engaged.  By the end of 2015, I had lost almost 80 pounds.  Though this was a great accomplishment, it left me with a gorgeous engagement ring that just would not stay on my finger anymore!  I am hesitant to get it resized until I stop losing weight so I decided to try these Ring Snuggies.  They work really well and they come in assorted sizes so you can find one that fits pretty much any band size.

To use the Ring Snuggies, you just put your ring on as usual and slip the adjuster onto the bottom of the band.  They are transparent and are hidden from view since they are on the inside of your hand.  Before I used these, I was concerned that the adjuster would take away from the appearance of my ring and look ugly and bulky.  In reality, you are the only one who can tell that it is there.

You should know that occasionally the adjuster turns on your band if you do a lot with your hands during the day.  Just check sometimes to make sure that it hasn't fallen off.  Since they are so transparent, they can be difficult to find once they slip off. It has only happened to me once or twice so it's not a major concern.  I also want to mention that they are comfortable to wear.  I was concerned about how it might feel to have a piece of hard plastic wedged between my ring and my skin, but once you get used to it you won't even notice that it is there. I would recommend this to people who have lost weight recently but do not want to or cannot get their ring resized."
I felt these were too large to be comfortable - even the more selnder/smaller ones in there.  Too distracting for me.  IT is s a great idea but didn't work for me
"These seem to pop off easily for me sometimes, and are somewhat uncomfortable. But they do work."
"no good, my rings still moves around and then I can't get the rings off. I would not buy this again."
"Like the idea of the product however, the pieces came in sizes, many of which could not be used. The ones that could be used, broke or fell off after about a months use."
"I have a ring that is too big and was supposed to be sized.  It wasn't sized correctly so until I can get it sized correctly, I bought these.  There are different sizes and one fits but you can tell there is something on your ring.  It bothers me a little but I really like my ring so until I get it sized, these will do."
"I am very pleased. It shipped fast and the price is good.
They work great. I needed something for my ring, when it is colder or I have lotion on my hands I didn't want it to slip off.
I also didn't want a permanent ring guard.
Would recommend this product.
Jan"
awesome!!!!
"I agree with some of the other purchasers this item is a temporary fix. Ring should be sized she can.
The Snuggie is too thick for a fine ring."
Too large to use effectively.
Great product definitely keeps my ring on ! :)
they work great and have enough variety for the different ring styles.
Product only works if the ring is significantly larger than you wear. Even the smallest of the snuggles makes a ring many sizes larger. Do not buy if you only need to temporarily snug up a ring that is a size larger than needed. I very quickly realized that this product was both overpriced and unusable.
"I thought this would be softer rubber, they are clear as shown but the plastic isn't very soft so they are not as comfortable as they could be. Pros: different sizes for easy ring snugging. Cons, hard plastic not comfortable."
"these are useless.  Hard plastic which scratches.  Lost two of them, fell off the ring, within the first day.  Not worth the purchase price."
Used this on my wedding and engagement ring (together).  It worked for a day. After that the rings move.  You have to position them often.  Better than rings constantly moving but DEFINATELY does not sold the problem
Just what I needed.
Great Product
"too bulky, and they fall off"
they work and I am satisfied with them
GREAT HELP
I love this ring snuggies!
Needed this!
Works great!
Thank you
great product
They don't work. They don't stay on the ring. They popped off every time I would dry my hands.
I  hate these ring adjusters. They make the ring turn all the way around your finger.  It does not stay on the ring either
Just what I needed to help a big ring stay on. I like that they came in a variety of sizes so I could choose what worked best.
These were just what I was looking for after losing 60 lbs I was wearing different cheap rings instead of my wedding ring. My husband didn't like that.  So I ordered these and I can wear my wedding ring again
nice
"two of the snuggies fit my ring, lost the first after a few days wearing it. put the second on and that one fell off somewhere also......"
"Work well, especially when fingers swell."
"odd sizes, doesn't work with a lot of rings, large flat ones, uncomfortable"
works fine!!!!!
"These came in a pack of multiple sizes, and had one to fit my thick ring, and even one bigger than that, so I appreciated the options. The only downside was the plastic gave me a bad callous/sore at the base of my finger. It would have been nice if the edges were rounded instead of square to avoid the sores."
"Bought these to use on my engagement ring which belonged to my fianc&eacute;'s (now husband's) great grandmother.  We were opposed to resizing it because it is meant to be passed down and I have fairly small sized fingers.  I would say though, that these things are not a great solution.  They are extremely uncomfortable and they tend to come off and are often lost.  I have used quite a few of these and I'm nearly done with the pack.  I understand why they're so cheap now.  I'd return them if it wasn't such a hassle.  Oh well, the best I can do is spread the news & leave a bad review."
"fit great,love it."
"Very easy to put on and adjust ring size.
I used the smallest one and it did the trick!
It's also pretty comfortable too!"
Awful! They said different sizes but it doesn't mean you can adjust it a little or a lot it's all one size adjustment  just for didn't size bands and makes my ring too tight! Plus you can't return then
They are very comfortable to wear.
They do 'show' more than the 'ring magic' but they are so much more durable and dependable (when you don't want to lose a ring). They are also a bit snug if  you don't get the right size so best to order a bunch with several sizes to try.
"Worthless product, and the seller doesn't offer returns so it is basically a scam.  The thickness of even the smallest gauge of the six ""various"" sizes is much thicker than the images on the listing or the drawn depiction on the packaging.  So your ring has to be SIZES too big for these to even work.  The plastic is too stiff to be comfortable and has hard edges on either end that pinch and dig into your skin.  It would have been so easy to make this a much better product."
Save your time and money.  These are absolutely worthless.  They don't stay on the ring and are made from vinyl tubing that you can easily buy at the hardware store and make yourself.  In fact most hardware stores will snip off a little piece for free to try out.  Most importantly I don't think vinyl tubing is a good way to go at all.  Try some other method.
very  helpful
These were a complete waste of money.  Did not work AT ALL.  They arrived in a reasonable amount of time packaged nicely but did nothing for my over sized ring issue.  Plus they are thick plastic and therefore incredibly impractical and uncomfortable.  Not even a good temporary fix.
good
Item as described.
Works well!
"Not the most comfortable solution, but it was an inexpensive ring and I don't want to spend $$ to get it sized."
Works great!
Great
Works but comes falls off.
They fall off very easily if you do much of anything.
does exactly what it should and is a LOT less than getting ring re-sized
They come off ring easy.
"The asorted sizes are great for different rings you just have to add the right adjuster to the right ring band size.
I created a ring snuggies out of rubber plastic from a pencil  grip band...burning the pieces shut it was similar to how the snuggies are made since I literally ordered these before and lost them.. but am reordering again for the asorted sizes which are good..because not all rings are the same width and its hard finding size 4 but its an adjustment getting use to the feeling but if it's uncomfortable just use these as a temporary solution until it's resized by a jeweler.."
They're definitely not invisible and are a bit cumbersome and uncomfortable to wear -- your best bet is just to get your ring sized by a professional jeweler.
"I WORE THEM ON 2 DIFFERENT RINGS AND LOST BOTH ADJUSTERS,"
Perfect
"I picked these up at Walmart for less than $2.  I smashed my finger and needed to get my ring resized two sizes larger to get over my knuckle.  Once over my knuckle, the ring was loose.  The jeweler recommended sizing beads.

Ring Snuggies keep the ring much more secure while on the finger.  I just used the largest one.  Simple, inexpensive solution.

Another benefit is I used to take my ring off at the gym.  The plastic protects the ring from being scratched by knurling on the barbells."
"In theory these are a good idea, but in reality they're kind of the worst. Granted, it could be because finger sizes vary, but this product didn't come with enough variations in size to produce a snug fit as the name would suggest."
These do not work well at all. Very painful to wear.  Also beware they will not allow you to return them.
A bit uncomfortable
They're so big that they interfere with normal every day use and are extremely uncomfortable. I tried every size in the box and none worked. Waste of money.
"It is very very hard to put the plastic shortened on when it is on your finger, I would go so far to say it is impossible without"
"This worked great but was a ""little"" thick for my pinky ring.  However, I plan to order more for other rings.  Thanks."
Did not like at all.
"The idea is a good one, howerver, the tube ends are sharp, and very uncomfortable. It catches on everything. Like having a pencil attached to the ring."
"I suppose they do the job they are meant for, but they're terribly uncomfortable and bulky against your finger/palm."
Is just little tygon tubes. The slits kept poking me. Stopped using them.
The concept is okay but my rings still slip and turn on my finger.  I only use these when I'm wearing a costume type ring.
these have to fig snugly or else they fall off
Work great
"My engagement ring is a 7 instead of a 6 1/4, and we've been so busy that I haven't been able to get to a jeweler to resize it, so I figured that these would be a good temporary fix. There were a few different sizes, but unless the ring is three sizes to large, I don't know how they would actually fit.

I choose the smallest size snuggie and while it definitely does the job, I've already had one of them fall off without me realizing it until it was already gone. The current one has stayed in place and I'm hoping that it continues to hang in there until I make it to the jeweler!"
These suck. I found that as I did everyday tasks the snuggy would come off the ring. Making the ring loose and almost lost. No idea how when or where it came off. But twice was enough I won't use them now.
I've only used one but it fell off and got lost. Maybe I used the wrong size.
Workswell
Love these. Usually hard to find. Keeps your too big ofor rings snug. Good fit. Seller great!!! Delivery prompt. 5 stars!!
Can't keep it on the ring. Actually thinking of using super glue to seal the split after getting it on the ring.
This is worth the money
"Great product,fast shipping"
Very happy with these-- lost one when drying my hands but didn't realize it right away--- my own fault--- bought 2 pkgs just for that reason!!!! They are great!!!!!!!!!!
"Would work fine 4 a ladies ring, but not for a man's ring."
They don't work very accurately
This package was delivered late and was delivered to my neighbour ... item is a bit bulky which is fine with me coz it helps my rings from moving from left to right or falling off my finger .
falls off ring
"Bulky, doesn't stay on the ring at all."
"These snuggies are a bit more conspicuous than I thought they would be.  So I will keep them but, I need something a little smaller I work with my hands holding tools and these would get in the way."
"I'm surprised by the somewhat mixed reviews for this very valuable product.. I lost a great deal of weight, which made my wedding ring loose. I had two choices. I could get the ring resized, which would mean cutting out a portion of the gold, which the ring-cutter gets to keep while I pay for the privilege. Or I could buy ring snuggies. I chose the latter. $2.88 at Wal-Mart. (Odd how the price is jacked-up online.)

Only one snuggie fit my ring, but so what? It's worth $2.88. So I bought the snuggies. This was 2011.

Now, after about four years the snuggie started to flatten, so I just went back to Wal-Mart and bought another package. This time I bought two. An eight year's supply! Makes the ring fit fine. Maybe I should have bought more, but I'm superstitious."
When I first got these I didn't see why there was a hype.  they made my ring to tight.  I have to say wear them for a little while and the plastic will start to loosen.  it is tuff and I know now that is why it didn't want to work with me.  I have it on my ring and it fits perfectly now.
"Great idea, am using one but am having to ""glue"" it on with nail polish as it moves around a lot. It is hard to get on AFTER you have the ring on. I struggle with it on the ring already to put the ring on. You must keep the slit on the up palm side away from the ring or it will work off the ring.
I would probably buy them again as the larger, wider ones I don't need and the smaller ones were not as many as I needed."
"work, but are large and catch soap and lotion."
worked perfect.  so glad I bought them
"I am so glad I bought these! I am in the process of losing weight so I don't want to size my wedding set until I'm closer to my goal weight, but I still want to wear my wedding rings. These are the perfect solution. I love that there are multiple size pieces so I can wear all 3 bands and not worry about them falling off, or even spinning. They are very comfortable and don't take long to get used to. I feel secure wearing them and know that my rings are safe on my finger."
"After a month or two of use, the plastic ring started picking up junk. I'm not sure why, but I mainly kept it on while washing my hands and would take it off at night to sleep, and it still looked gross. So much for anti-bacterial. The plastic comes in a variety of shapes, I eventually went with the biggest one as I have pretty skinny fingers and my wife used the smaller one. They work really well when you find a shape that fits, but it adds a very visible and tactile extrusion to the ring.

While wearing it, you feel the plastic snag on things and it made me more likely to fidget with it, cause the plastic to loosen and often fall off. These are good, but I'd rather have something that goes inside of the ring, instead of sticking out of the ring, but that is on my part to research. These did what they are supposed to do, aside from the anti-bacterial part."
not what I expected
This product is cool and works for people who are hesitant  to have their ring sized properly.
"They do not fit the ring I ordered them for. They spilled all over the floor when I got them, due to a defect in the bag that accompanies them, and my cat almost ate one!!"
"I purchased these for my husband and his ring was a bit too large, to wear for the wedding before we could take his ring to get sized. Husband did not like the feel of the snuggie - it was either too thick or too short for his ring, which is a basic 5mm platinum band."
Bought these for my wife for her new ring.  She used other to replace the metal ring sizers she had on other rings.
Exactly what I was looking for> Came as promised. Good product!!!!
hate them they don't stay on
"I wasn't happy with this product, it kept falling off the rings and are uncomfortable"
They fall off too easy.
These are too thick to be useful. They feel intrusive and uncomfortable. I threw them out and paid $35 to have the ring properly resized.
Got these for my husband because his wedding band is loose and they work really well. Great price and quality.
They came in many sizes and I found the one that fit perfectly. thanks!
My wife bought these as her ring was too big to wear on her finger anymore. She tried multiple sizes of and found them all extremely uncomfortable. The best fitting one she could only stand to wear for about 24 hours before she took it off in frustration.
"The smaller sizes are more difficult to physically put ON the ring, and the size I could fit feels alright for a while...but after a full day, I found the larger one to be too big."
"These are bulky and awkward.  They rub against your mouse and twist your ring.  The sizes are way too big for most women's rings, and the big ones split apart when you open them a little to put them on.  It also says it stops a ring from twisting--they are way too big for that!  If your ring is only a little too big, then these cut your circulation off!  Don't waste your money.  I don't know what might work better, but even tape is better than these!"
Bought it for my wife and they kept coming off to much trouble to use..
Item was received on time but is just OK.  Does not always stay on ring.
"It does keep the ring from falling off your hand, but ring is free to spin around upside down."
"I was left my grandmother's ring and it was a bit too big for my finger.  I wanted to replace the bandaid she had used to adjust the size and this product looked like it would do the trick.  Unfortunately, I have tried two different sizes, only to have them come off on their own.  The first time I caught it but the second it came off without my knowledge.  Thank goodness my ring did not fall off as well.  Not happy with this item.  Make sure you don't have the same problem if you use them."
"Very ridged, not comfortable to wear."
Awful product. Not long enough and irritate my finger. Not worth the money spent. A cheap piece of rubber with a slit in it..
very positive purchase all the way around. Thank you:)
"These are extremely uncomfortable. The pack comes with a variety of sizes, but I don't see how any of them would comfortably or functionally fit. I wore mine for half a day, and lotion kept getting stuck in it. It did not keep the ring in place, and they were extremely hard to initially wrap around the ring and put on. I do not suggest."
"I proposed at Disney World and I wanted my betrothed to be able to wear her new ring without it falling off. I got the ring a little too big and planned to slip one of these on it to make it stay on her finger. The different sizes in this package are not to make a perfect fit but rather to fit different shapes of rings. so no matter what shape ring, you will be able to make it tighter. unless you are a big ring collector only one piece in this package will be of use."
"I have used these before and I love them. They are clear PVC so they don't turn your fingers and aren't very visible. This set of assorted sizers allowed me to""clip"" together two rings; making the ring fit better and, as a bonus, keeps them from rolling around on my finger. As one reviewer already stated, if the sizer is too long it's simple enough to cut. I don't mind using these long term, but I can see how someone would probably only want to use it for a temporary fix."
They're a little annoying but they get the job done. They seem to wear out a little after a month or two so they aren't a permanent fix.
Exactly what I was expecting
A little uncomfortable but okay.
Perfect for rings that are just too big! Comes in an assortment of sizes so they're sure to fit any ring you may have no matter how big. Would buy again if ever needed!
Did not work at all. Wish I would not of wasted the money
It's comfortable!
"good seller, fair price, fast delivery--ok, but these keep slipping off the rings"
These don't work.
I didn't use any of these. They are way too thick and didn't stay in place and became more of a pain in the butt than having a ring that is too big on. Complete waste of money.
"they do adjust the ring size, but they are uncomfortable."
Terrible product. Complete waste of money.
Not comfortable
"OK, not great.  Was looking for Great."
"There was not a snuggie in this package that was a small enough diameter to fit the band of my ring. I tried the smallest of the pack but it just rolled off my ring every time I used my hand. This item was not returnable, so it was money down the drain."
May fit rings with very thin bands but did not fit my rings.
"These ring snuggies would be perfect if you have a ring that is a full size too big. They don't really work well with rings that are slightly loose. These do not work well with wedding sets, at all. Good price, fast shipping."
"these work but they are easy to loose, but that's just me"
cheap don't waste your time or money
Great cheap fix
"They work but are not very comfortable, couldn't get one to fit exactly right. I don't wear it all the timed, too uncomfortable."
my this worked well for my 8yr old b/c her ring was too large
"Fell off the first time I wore it....ultimately a good design, my hands are way too busy for this type of ring sizer. My search continues."
It is a horrible product and takes for ever to get on wrist. And the little prongs on the wrist never stay all the way in
"The first time I used three of them I lost them within a hour, as they are so hard they come off rings and you lose them. They are not worth
the money I paid for them. John"
comes in handy.....
"uncomfortable, clunky, and nothing more than a very temporary fix."
Very good for the fit I needed.
Great.
Not worth buying. Have your ring sized instead.
"Perfect-just as described. This one seemed like the best value for the price and what you get. It included many different sizes and types which I didn't think I would use but I have used them over time for costume jewelry, etc. Mainly I bought for my engagement ring which fits a little loose in the winter and just right in the summer. It also allows me to keep it snug so the stone sits upright nicely. There are several in the package which are just ""traditional"" snuggies which work for my engagement ring."
"Only the small size fit. The other 2 sizes were worthless. The guard popped off within hours of wearing it. Since the guard is small and clear, I could not find it when it fell and rolled on the floor. I ended up going to a jeweler who installed a metal guard for $5.00 that works fine."
I like them and they do the job but you can't wear your rings 24 hrs a day. This will cause the snuggie's opening to become wider. Overall it's a great idea and they get the job done. My rings fit perfect and the fact that they're available in different sizes is even better. Also try to remember you're wearing them because I've scratched my face with them before.
Don't waste your money!
uncomfortable and difficult to place
"I have very sensitive skin and it gave me a rash between my fingers because you have to coil it on your ring and it held in body heat on my finger, which caused the rash."
To thick
"I have large knuckles and small fingers. My profession requires delicate and nimble hands and my wedding ring twisting around and wobbling about was interfering. I was hoping for an unobtrusive, comfortable solution with the Ring Snuggie but found even the small size was too bulky.  I desperately wanted this to work, but found the bulk it added to the ring just did not make it worth it."
Basic plastic ring band you can buy cheaper at Walmart for the same thing but they worked as described.  I had to cut in half thought
not too good they keep falling off my rings
not what i expected but they work okay.
"These are worthless.  They don't go on very easily, but sure pop off with no problem.  They are not comfortable to wear either."
"Well they work great as far as sizing down my ring so that it fit, the problem is that they don't stay on. I lost two of them and so I am ordering a different product."
Received them super fast.  But not exactly comfortable.  No big deal.  You get what you pay for.
"not worth buying, keep falling off!!"
perfect I gave these to a 90 year old mom
Great !!  Works !!  Better then getting them resized !! Great money saver !! Came Very  Fast !!!
"It's a good temporary fix. They hold a lot of moisture around the ring. I'm a bedside nurse, so it's not safe from an infection spreading prevention standpoint. It's safer for when I lift weights, however. The gold band is well protected."
"The item is fine. I do recommend them. It works and it serves its purpose very well, but I had to pay 7 x as much for the post and packing!!! I only found out the cost of the post and packing after I had paid. I wish to buy a few more of ring snuggies but the P&P are far too expensive, not double the price, but 7 x the price of the ring snuggies."
As expected
"Works great.  Bigger ones are a little uncomfortable but for my wife's small rings, they work well."
"easy to use. I have to remove it to take the ring off, but that's easy to do."
Cheaply made and they are waaaaaaaaaaayyyyy to easy to loose. Literally lost every single size in this set. Another mention is they get dirty and super stiff with any use. You clearly can make them out anytime you open your hand. Disappointing purchase!
Ring adjusters did not work the way I expected.  My ring continued to turn.
Falls off too easily!
not as snug. big and clunky
I second the reviewer that said bulky and uncomfortably sharp edged.  Felt like having a wart in at the base of my finger.  The sharp edges scratched my face when putting on moisterizer.  And it finally popped off somewhere.  A complete waste of money even though it was cheap.  How would it be to make the outer surface shaved down smaller than the inner sizing surface and the ends rounded?  Would not recommend unless you want to have a worry rock at the base of your finger.  :-(
"These are great, but I wish I would have shopped around a bit more. I found these at walmart for $2.. oh well."
They're what was described.
This is an excellent product. It is so comfortable that sometimes I forget that I am wearing the ring snuggie. :-)
These are not comfortable.
Doesn't fit my ring. And costs more to ship it back then to just keep the useless product
Way bigger than what I was expecting.
Made wearing my engagement ring that was 2 sizes too big okay for a couple weeks until I was ready to part with it to get it re-sized.
"Some days, I really need these SNUGGIES to securely wear some of my rings.  If your hands swell occasionally, the rings might fit well, and other days, these are indispensable to secure the rings my mother left to me -- her fingers were so much smaller than mine.  I've lost 3 favorite pinkie rings over the years, just because I didn't take this extra precaution.  I rely on my Snuggies to resize a fashion ring that I bought for my thumb, index or middle finger so I can wear it comfortably/safely on your my finger.  Now, how smart is that?!"
They are super loose so they come off the ring very easily. Not sturdy at all.
"I've tried many other products.. Metal clasps (which left scratches and marks on my rings), sponge-like adjusters.. You name it I tried it.  I tried this thinking it would help and unfortunately it didn't.  While it helped temporarily, the Ring Snuggie slid back and forth on Ming and my ring continued to twist around my finger.  To top it off, the Ring Snuggie came off my ring randomly one day without me even knowing.  I won't recommend this product as I think it is another one of those cheap scams.."
The ring snuggies popped off after one day wearing and it is uncomfortable.
These were so thick i couldn't wear them in my engagement ring. They should have a variety of sizes. Great if your ring is several sizes too big.
"These little son of a guns are painful to wear.  I would NOT recommend them to ANYONE.  They pinch the hell out of your finger when your make a fist, and I tried every dang size. I ride a motorcycle, and it felt like my finger was losing feeling and it started to swell."
These are as expected.
I was not happy with this product.  The item would not stay on my ring or keep it from turning around my finger.
My son and I are using them. They work great
"Unfortunately I initially thought they would work, however, I bought them to save taking a 1ct diamond family ring to a jeweller and risk losing the stone. I eventually I found they fall off .  Not a huge success I'm sorry"
They were kind of hard to put on at first. The instructions say to put it on with the ring already on your finger but I found it easier to take the ring off and then put it on. But it made my ring fit perfectly and is hardly noticeable.
Stay in place.
This is a great temporary fix until I was able to get my ring sized
Bought these for my daughter and she did not like them at all
"Thank you for having these, bc it's so hard
To find your rings to fit well and with these Awesome"
Good selection of sizes.
"I am not a fan of these.  I ordered these because my engagement ring can not be re-sized (pave band with lots of little diamond chips in the band) and is slightly too big (1/4-1/2 size).  I've tried the various sizes of ring snuggies while they did make the ring quit spinning, they also made the ring too tight. The wall of the tubing is just too thick for those looking for a slight sizing.  My ring is 3mm on the band and the snuggies fit around it just fine, so that was a plus.  While I don't feel the snuggie for the most part, I do feel it when it's tight and it's annoying while I'm holding things (cups, books, etc) or driving."
"We got the smallest ring that would fit over my fiancee's knuckle, but it was still spinning around on her finger!  Not in danger of falling off, but we wanted the stones to point in the right direction.  One of these did the trick, had to cut it in half with an exacto knife though to accommodate a smaller finger (size 3.5).  These come in a variety of widths, but would like to see a variety of wall thicknesses as well!"
The ring size adjusters work as advertised.  There are a variety of sizes to fit different rings in the package.
They work perfectly
Best snuggy yet...I invested in 3 different kinds before getting this one and it has surpassed them all...thanks!
"the snuggies are to thick. Look at the picture it is 100% accurate. If you need to take the rings off for gardening, cooking etc. they do stretch out with multiple use. all and all for the price not bad- I noticed when shaking peoples hands they could feel the snuggie. Looking at other options."
not quite what I expected.
"Too bulky for my liking. I tried to wear them and get used to them, but they were far too distracting for me."
Very big and awkward and honestly don't help much.
Very cheaply made
"They arrived timely and are as expected and described.

-k"
Fit well
"I have not decided quite what I think of these. I've gone through a couple guards trying to find the perfect fit. They do what they need to, make your ring nice and snug. My only problems are that sometimes the gaurd moves and ends up on top of my finger with my diamond. They have a slit through them to put them on, so occasionally they will pop off, and with being a hairdresser I tend to get hair and conditioner stuck in the guard."
Just what I needed.  Have ordered 2.more
I think I already did a review...but it for the wrong item...I am completely satisfied with these
It's a horrible idea to buy this product. It's junk! I ended up wasting my money for something I can't even use.
"Openings are too large for thin bands, even the smalllest snuggie. They roll and don't stay in place"
"Very nice product! I'm one of those that is glad I tried these! I read the many negative reviews, and it honestly looked kinda Mickey Mouse--eee to me, but they were cheap, so I tried 'em. And they work great on my rings! Keeps them rock steady--even my giant 10 carat emerald solitaire ring with a itty bitty 1.5 mm shank--the QUEEN of rolling rings! My rings mostly slide on and off with the snuggles on, but what I did was to take some household silicone (glue) and a tiny eyeglass screwdriver. I then put the snuggles on my rings, and then smeared and gently pressed a TINY coat of the silicone down into the snuggie's long slit opening. I held it closed tight for a few minutes, and then moved the Snuggie's around to make sure it did NOT glue down to the actual metal surface of the ring, and then let dry overnight, off of my fingers. This has sealed the snuggie's shut wth a nice flexible glue, and now I can rip my rings on and off all day (I never get them wet) and the snuggies are always in place around the shank. GREAT!

I enjoy my rings SO much more now that they are rock steady. Particularly my big huge Columbian emerald ring that with it's teeny shank used to roll and roll and roll back and forth. Not anymore, thanks Snuggie's!"
I needed this for temporary use for a ring that was too big; resized the ring after I used the snuggie for an event. The snuggie kept the ring in place and it fit perfectly!
"It's okay for a quick fix, but I wouldn't recommend it for everyday use. They are a little uncomfortable and they have fell off a few times. If you need to wear a certain ring for a special occasion it's fine, but not for a ring you wear everyday."
Just what the Doctor order.
Seller has great product at a great price! Thank you!
"Have not compared them to other ring sizer yet, but they look like they will do the job."
It helped my friend with a ring that was too big and she likes the product.
"Very disappointed. The package contains several pieces of a fairly stiff plastic tubing. I was under the impression that the thickness of the tubing would be thin and flexible. I would not reccomend thus. Wrapping some tape around the ring works better, is more attractive and more comfortable."
"These will make your rings smaller, but they're so very uncomfortable. They roll around, pinch, and get caught on things. Skip these. There are better, though slightly more expensive, options out there."
doesnt stay on ring very well
very comfortable!
"Am using, does mostly work, but the plastic is quite firm and not comfortable.  One keeps coming off while I'm using it."
"Well, these do hold your rings together and keep them snug, but they are VERY thick and a bit annoying to wear. They are also hard to hide. Very bulky, but functional."
Dont waste your money PVC is not of high quality and is too thick. Even the smallest one for very small hands
A+
Perfect for what I needed
These work very well to keep rings from slipping!
Exactly as described!
I can now wear to large rings!
"Worked as expected.  Very happy, great price, quick prime delivery."
They slip off.
too big
"I have three different size ring bands and there was an adjuster that fit each one.  If you put them on your ring before putting a ring on it won't fit over your knuckle. However, they aren't the easiest things to put on the rings once they are on your hands.  I was hoping for an awesome product but I wouldn't buy them again."
Very disappointed. Tubes are rock hard and rather uncomfortable. Good if only planning on wearing ring to dinner or something short. Couldn't make it through a whole work day though.
They are too bulky. Thought they would be thinner.
"Not great, but they did the job."
they are horrible. thick and bulky. so ugly. expensive for what you get. DO NOT RECOMMEND. i got them and immediately threw them out. will never order from them again. rip off.
The sizes are weird and they feel bulky on your finger.
UNCOMFORTABLE TO WEAR
This item will make your rings tighter which is good but it's a bit uncomfortable and lumpy. Overall not bad though.
Perfect for my oversized ring.
"Plastic is too thick and not contoured to the finger enough so they aren't comfortable to wear at all. It didn't matter though, they all fell off one by one and were lost within a week. This was an adult wearing it by the way, not a child that's prone to losing things. I'll go back to the little metal ones."
useful
I put the smallest ring adjusters on my ring and it popped off immediately and was lost.
"Good for most rings , but not for wide width rings."
"I have an expensive ring now and a problem that I'm sure many women face -- water retention, especially at certain times of the month.  The ring fits very well at times I'm retaining a lot of water, and is rather too large at other times.  Because my fingers are changing size a bit, it doesn't make sense to size the ring down.  But neither do I like it slipping left and right on my finger.  So I bought these.

These work as advertised.  I chose the smallest one.  It was a bit difficult to get on the ring, the first time (it helps to have the ring on your finger first), but it has gotten easier as I have taken it off and put it on again.  These are basically just short pieces of narrow-diameter Tygon or similar tubing, with slits cut in them.

Most of the time, when this is on, I don't feel it.  It's a bit of a problem when I want to do something like wash my hands or put on hand lotion; I don't like the way the slit in the tubing feels and it's a bit hard to dry my hands afterwards.  But it's clear and it doesn't bother me while I'm typing, which is what I do most of the day at work.

These were all different sizes and thicknesses and would suit a variety of rings.  I probably won't use the others, now that I've found one that fits.  But they are there if I'm interested.  And now my ring isn't slipping around on my hand.  I just wish they were a little easier to put on and more comfortable during hand washing."
Just one word.... aweful. Every single one of them fell off. Just use them as a temporary fix for a week as i did (waited to get my ring resized) other wise invest it in an actual ring guard.
It feel so uncomfortable and I lose one of the adjuster the other ones are so big I don't need it
"worked great, comphy"
They work great - and comfortable.
"They work really well for one or two times you use them but after that they stretch, and don't go back to the original size. So, nice idea but not a long lasting fix when your ring is loose."
Not worth the money even with prime shipping.
Kept falling off my rings. I will not order these again.
Too thick to wear comfortably around my ring.
used it several times and have helped friends with their ring purchases
I only tried the smallest ones on both left hand and right hand rings.  The first one came off and was lost within the hour. The next one kept popping off. These are just not working out at all for me.
"They did not work as well as I expected.  They did keep my ring from falling off, however the ring turned a lot, leaving the ring adjuster on the top of my finger."
"Great for one time use, got yucky after a while. The plastic also stretches out."
"works great, priced and packaged right, I would purchase this again"
DO NOT work and cheep enough to not pay shipping to return them.  I called but they wanted be to send back at my cost.  Not worth my time
Not what I expected. Could not use them
Cant use them. they don't stay on any size ring even tried the different sizes.
"Way too bulky came out whenever Iclosed my hand, do not waste your money"
"It works, but very difficult to get off and on and not comfortable to wear. Received the package promptly and in great condition."
OK for temporary use but are uncomfortable and come off  to easy.
They are very thick and uncomfortable for my fingers.  I had to remove them each time I washed my hands.
I realky like them but they come out so Ive lost two already .. I wouldn't purchase them again
Needed to trim sides as they were a little too long for my thin fingers but worked perfectly.
Save you money. All it is plastic tubing. Make one yourself.
"They were as expected. I only need about a 1/4 of a size smaller on my rings, so the snuggies I have to put on after my ring is on. They make it to tight to slip over my knuckles. They are much harder, but not impossible, to put on after my rings are on. I have long slender fingers and I only need these when it's cold out."
"These are tricky to use. Impossible to get over the knuckle, but I can just stick it between the ring and the finger once the ring is already on. I have to spread it out with my other hand."
"These are not as comfortable as I had hoped they would be, but they keep my ring from sliding off or turning upside down."
Perfect!  Like the assorted sizes.  I was able to put them on 2 different rings.
These start to stretch out and lose their snug fitting shapes. They were a temp fix till our ring was resized.
I couldn't get these to stay on my ring  they popped off minutes after so I lost a few snuggies and the rest were too big to use .
"Good idea, but falls really quickly from my finger.
I used it for one day and lost it."
"Plastic comes off when wash hands.
Just not strong enough to hold and stay in place."
Not the greatest.  I lost the ring snuggie the first time I wore it.
"I buy these at Walmart for $2.88. I trim down the sharp edges with a pocket knife. I wish they came in gold or silver colored to match the ring color, they get dirty and look awful after some time. But they do their job. I always buy the wrong ring size and end up buying these things."
"I cannot believe I didn't find these sooner.  Every pair of earrings stay in place, don't droop and the backs don't come through my pierced ears.  Mine last almost 4 to 5 days if I keep the same earrings in ( such as my diamond studs).  Everyone should buy if you have torn or large holed ( wearing heavy earrings)."
They work O.K. but they kept falling off the ring. Kind of cheap quality for the price
Perfect
Not what I expected. They hurt my finger!
I'm using and will order more for me and as gift as well.
Just what I needed!
After losing weight I couldn't wear my wedding bands. This product fixed the problem.
It does what it advertises! How simple is that?
"This didn't work very well. The plastic was too small to go around the ring, and too large to fit comfortably."
Horrible. That's all I have to say.
"Fast shipping, great packaging. These are just very uncomfortable and it kept getting caught on things."
ARRIVED BEFORE ESTIMATED ARRIVAL AND WAS EXACTLY AS DESCRIBED.
FANSTASTIC PDT
"these snuggies roll on ring and if it hits the slice in the tubing the snuggie is off ive lost 2 so far, i went to jeweler and got a metal one, works great and no chance of losiing it either"
Ring snuggies were all too thick/bulky & didn't work for my ladies size 5.5 wedding ring. Waste of money. Glad I didn't pay more for this.
"They did not work, they rolled off rings."
These ring snuggies are not a good thing for people with thin fingers.  They slide around the band and end up on top where you don't really want it to show.  it doesn't matter what size you use either.  I would not recommend these to women especially.  Just not a good fit.
Don't bother.  Save your money.  Do not work.
works as advertised
Uncomfortable and seem like a bacteria trap that collects filth. Seems unsanitary. I regret this purchase.
"Lightning quick delivery, exceptional product which exceeded my expectations!"
"Super uncomfortable on the back of my hand. They tend to collect soap and lotion making me take them off several times a day, and now they are loose because I have to remove them so frequently. However, they do keep the ring on my finger"
Could not wear my rings with these on
Did not fit on my husbands wedding band.
"These spacers worked great in the short term. They're a fantastic option until a ring can get sized properly. However, they're not super comfortable, so it's not a long-term solution. What was great about all the sizes because I was able to layer them to get the right size."
Doesn't stat on... Keep falling off my ring
great product. It helped with my rings from rotating in my finger. Thank you!
"This product was badly needed by me as my wedding set is a bit to big for me. However, I downgraded it by a star because after wearing it for a month or so (regular normal use) the split used to get the plastic band onto your ring spread open to large and would fall off my ring. Now I realize this is a multi pack but I was hoping I would get more use out of one. They do work and there are a multi-pack of them."
work as expected
"I love my snuggie, works perfect for my new engagement ring!"
great and helped me size my rings I cannot cut down.........
"They do the job,much better then the metal ones that get caught in your hair. No complaints,would recommend them and the seller."
"They are either too thick or oddly shaped for my rings. They don't curve with your finger, so they are incredibly uncomfortable. Despite their claims, there are better and safe options such as the ring noodle, also found on amazon."
Just what I needed.
Comfortable and works really well. Now I don't have to have ring sized or resized down the road
"Kind of ridiculous to pay money for these silly little plastic bits of tubing, but they do work (though they're kind of bulky)"
plastic too hard. can't get it on with the ring already on. Getting it off so your ring will go over your knuckle is almost impossible. Totally not worth buying. Way overpriced for what it is.
Thick and uncomfortable. None of them fit properly to size ring comfortably. Would not recommend. I ended up visiting a local jewelry store that put on a metal sizer for free.
I received my package on time. Love he variety of the sizes
"I was sorely disappointed with the product. Very uncomfortable, so much so as that I was unable to use the product."
Nice to have multiple sizes!
they come off to easy
Used before when I was young (many years ago).  They were more flexible and stayed on.  Now I look down and they're gone!  They metal ones are the solution but they are uncomfortable.  Maybe the plastic dip?  Who knows!
Waste of money
"Bought these for my mom but they were  very hard and would move, so they did not keep her rings from turning"
Cheap fix to an annoying issue. Bought one pack and was able to adjust the size of my husband's and my own wedding band!
They're so thick that I can't wear my rings and type at the same time.  I was disappointed.
Amazing! Great solution for my engagement ring that's only a half size too big. I have only been engaged a few days and I'm not ready to part with my ring long enough to have it sized just yet. These fit snugly and are comfortable to wear!
HAVE PURCHASED THESE RING SNUGGIES ONCE BEFORE..  I PREFER THEM TO THE METAL RING ADJUSTERS BECAUSE THEY  DO NOT PINCH MY FINGER.
"Ring Snuggies work like a charm. My husband's finger tends to swell in the summer so instead of getting his ring resized we decided to give these a try and was very pleased with the results. It took a little trouble to get it on for the first time but once we got it on the ring it was a perfect fit, not to tight or loose. It comes off easily without leaving damage to the ring and they come a few in the pack so its no biggie if you lose one. Overall its a great product."
"These are wonderful!  They allow me to wear rings that would fall off my fingers during cold weather or under cold air-conditioning.  Especially during this season when temperatures fluctuate, I am super happy to be able to wear the rings I want to wear."
Didn't work at all on my ring so I dislike this product I don't recommend it unless u looking for a thing that don't do what it says
impossible to use
They don't stay on
"Works good for temporary workaround until you resize the ring. I had bought size 7 ring for my girlfriend for proposal, her finger was size 5.5, and bought these so that she can wear them when I ask her. She was happy with the ring and had no problem with these. It will get dirty after a few days, but I had the ring resized in a week so no problem there. It does what it is supposed to do :)"
I wasn't too impressed. It was very irritating to my finger. I was well aware that it was there all the time.
"They loosened up in about 2 weeks. Lasted about a month before 2 adjusters fell off of 2 separate rings.  Since they are clear, they will probably never be found again."
A little stiff to work with at first but warm water made it manuverable
"I bought a pack of these for my engagement ring. It is close to my ring size, but it is just a bit loose. It is a family heirloom of my fiance's and I did not want to get it sized at a jewelers when it belongs to his family. These ring snuggies helped secure it on my finger. Now I no longer have to worry about it possibly coming off, and I can even wash my hands with the ring snuggie on. The different sizes really helps you pick which one would work best with the ring. I had previously purchased ring noodles, and those were made for a thinner ring band, mine is wide. The ring noodle would fall off and I would always have to make sure I popped it back into place. These worked so perfectly and I did not have to worry about the snuggie falling off the ring because they were so secure. The various sizes gives you an opportunity to use it on different rings. This purchase was definitely worthwhile and worth the money."
"Arrived in timely fashion, however would not recommend other to get it as makes ring feel very strange on your finger and even the smallest one didn't work."
"The adjusters in the package - One for a double ring (wedding ring set) , One very large one, One for a very, very thin ring, and Two for the average diameter ring, so only 2 are useful to me.  They are also difficult to open and place on the ring.  This may be because they are new and stiff.  But the price is low...."
"I recently got engaged and my ring is a littler larger on my finger than I would like. We have a vacation coming up where we're taking pictures, etc. and I want my ring with me so  I purchased this product to reduce the ring size immediately since actual sizing takes 10-14 days. This product really did the trick!!! It keeps the ring in place very well! The various sizes you're provided with are nice to have available as well!

There were only 2 drawbacks I found with this product  (reason for 3 stars instead of 5):
- The bulkiness of the product on the back of your finger is a problem for me. A huge part of my job is typing and I could constantly feel it on my hand. Not to mention, it's unsightly when anyone can see the underside of you hand.
- Also, the product doesn't have ""sharp"" edges per say, but and the non beveled edges of the product will catch fabric and skin and not ""scratch"" you but it will leave red mark if you catch your skin with it.
Overall a good product that could use a few adjustments to be perfect."
The ring made my rings fit just right.  Very pleased
Useless
Good product
These did not work at all. Completely horrible. Ill have to wait 2 years to get my rings re-sized since we are stationed overseas I guess.
They keep my ring in place but I do not like how bulky they feel. I was not expecting them to be so popped out to the point that if I run my hand over my hair it gets caught in the snuggie. So yes they work but needs to be less bulky.
Just what I needed and gave it to a friend also.
Way to bulky and uncomfortable.
Loves these! Seller sent a cute novelty gift also
I'm so impressed. Now i don't have to worry about losing my ring. My ring is still on my finger! :)
It's ok.  I have to watch it because sometimes the plastic pieces slide off.
do not fit well
"Not a fan! I bought these even though I saw that it'd gotten quite a few bad reviews, because I was hoping that it MIGHT work for me anyways. I couldn't resist the price!

I recently got engaged, and my engagement ring is SLIGHTLY too big, but not big enough where I would want to resize it (yet), because on some days it seems to fit perfectly fine and on others it's super loose. Must be associated with hormonal cycles/bloating or something...not really sure why I notice such a big difference depending on the day!

So I figured that getting something like this would help solve the problem on days when it felt loose. But after only wearing the smallest one (it comes with a few different sizes) for 12 hours, it'd popped off five times! I just couldn't take it anymore and had to return it."
Bought these for my 85 year old grandma. Her knuckles were to big to get rings off (due to arthritis) but she needed something to keep rings from spinning around. Theses did not stop that. Tried all five sizes still nothin.
"Product exactly as listed, really fast shipping."
None of the ring snuggies fit my ring correctly.
These do fit the ring as they are supposed to however they are bulky and it feels like there is a bulge underneath the ring finger all the time.  It catches on everything.  Will just take to the jeweler and have it resized.
I have such small fingers that these don't fit some of my rings comfortably.
Perfect
"The packaging came open before I received it, so I only got 5 out of the 6 I was suppose to get. Some of them are way too bulky and uncomfortable to wear with a smaller ring (I bought these for my promise ring, which has a pretty small band). If you're looking to hold a bigger ring or multiple rings together it could work out better but overall not really happy with this purchase."
Love these!
Don't like them. It is too bulky and doesn't stay on.
"They do what they are supposed to do.
I have to use tweezers to get them on my ring though."
These are too bulky to comfortably wear. It was worth a try!
"These just don't work for me, they come off and not the best option."
I wish they came in all one size... there is only one of the size I need in this package!  The others are too big or too small.
They hurt and are just not with it really.
A cheap alternative to better products.
"Did not work for my rings, they still were to big even with them on."
"Item description was accurate; I received exactly what I ordered. Although it did work as intended (it kept my ring in place so that it did not slip around on my finger allowing the gem on top to get caught between or under my finger) it was not comfortable to wear. I found it to be particularly bothersome when I would close my hand (i.e. to make a fist, grab the handle of my frying pan, or other such movements). The feeling of wearing it never truly went away; it kept a level of notice-ability no matter what I was doing. Also my husband comment that he could noticeably feel it it was there every time I placed my hand on him or rubbed his arm or back or whatever
So to sum this all up, I would not recommend this product to someone who is looking to use it on a ring that they wear all the time (i.e. a wedding ring), but if you want it for a ring that you only wear on certain occasions and/or for short periods at a time then this product should suit you just fine."
Don't buy it. Just have your ring adjusted.
EXCELLENT CONDITION
"Very simple solution to an annoying problem.  I found it easier to put the ring on and then put on the ring adjuster.  It kept the ring in place - no twisting or turning. It did take a few minutes to adjust to the feel of the adjuster to the back of the hand, but that was not a major issue. Definitely would recommend this product."
Works great!
she hardly notices they are there
"stops rings from turning, give it a try."
"This may be the most Tacky item I have ever purchased. Seriously, go get your ring resized...."
perfect :)
"I bought a pack with a variety of sizes, since I wasn't  sure what size (s) I would need for my rings. The Snuggies I put on my rings were easy to use, hardly visible at all and comfortable. Best of all, they were a very cheap way to solve my problem. I will be purchasing some more and recommending them to friends. :)"
Used with a thick ring. These were uncomfortable and scratched my hand. They also slipped around my finger.
"these do the job but I have small hands and found it to be uncomfortable
 the part on the outside of the ring seem to  get in the way and be bothersome
maybe for someone else with larger hands this would  not be a problem but it was for me
I could not stand it on my finger"
Love them. My third order. Makes my ring fit much better
The Idea is great but they don't stay on the ring.  Dont waste your money.
"They don't stay on very well, washed my hands, down the drain the snuggie went."
My husband got me a new bridal ring set for an upgrade and I got a size to big but I ordered the ring snuggies and now I can wear it without afraid of lossing it. Thanks.
"These are rigid and too wide,"
More annoying than helpful.
Low expectations given price and mixed reviews. Used on engagement ring during winter. Works quite well. Would suggest placing item on ring after on finger.
"for smaller rings they are great, but for the ""manly"" rings, with wider shanks, my husband did not like. It was too uncomfortable for him."
Package give you different choices as to what size to use.  Like that they are easy to fit to the ring and are easy to clean.  Great buy.
worthless
perfect!!!  nice selection of sizes.. works very nice!
They are not comfortable at all.
No the were cheap and did not work
You can buy these at Wal Mart for 3 bucks!!! Save your time and money. Check WM first. I love them though.
I was hesitant to purchase this based on the not-so-great ratings but I'm no glad I did!  I love that it's clear so you can hardly see it & I love all the different sizes.  I wear a size 5 ring but that size is hard to find.  I wear my ring snuggies on my size 6 rings & it's perfect!  It's so much better than the metal ring guards & it's so comfortable.  It's does exactly what it's intended to do.
"Great for a temporary fix, but eventually-get your ring sized."
Good price for the product and I would recommend these--comes with 5 sizers.  I have used others that I thought were a little better.  But they are worth the price paid.
"Would have likes more of the smaller size otherwise, they work!"
"These were good in that they came in several sizes so you could have two rings together and you could put one on two rings. Unfortunately they are a little thick. So if you are only needing a slight fit adjustment they might not work. They were to thick for the ring I needed them for, but I have a couple of other rings that they will work on as those rings have gotten loose due to some weight loss. Now I will be able to wear them again. They are clear enough to make them hardly noticeable. If you really look hard at the hand in an up position you will see it, but seeing as how most people don't sit with there hands palm up, it will most likely not be noticed."
Item was as described. Fast shipping. Unfortunately this item did not work for me.
i did not like them kind of bulky.
Too thick and bulky. Doesn't really help.
"Little cheap pieces of rolled plastic that do exactly as advertised. Thus 5 stars. I have a ring that I don't want re-sized because sometimes my knuckle is swollen or in hot weather my fingers are fatter. So I needed some way to keep the ring from falling off when my fingers are thinner or not swollen. Ring Snuggies fill the bill. One of them was perfect for my ring. Indeed, I can put it on or take it off the ring either while wearing the ring or not. My ring fits perfectly with it and it doesn't show unless of course you turn palm up. Even then it's pretty clear, so it doesn't draw attention. I would say the only thing I'll have to look to is not to lose it when I take it off, but have a specific place to keep it. But it works great. And it doesn't annoy me at all being on there.  I cannot say that will be true of everyone, but I find it non-irritating and forget it's there."
Didn't fit too big and bulky
Great product!
Waste of time and money.  They come off faster than they go on.
"Works perfectly, can be trimmed shorter so it takes up less room if you only need a little adjustment.  Very comfortable, and have had no trouble with it staying in place."
GREAT!!!
"I really wanted to like these, but they didn't work for me.  I am in the process of losing weight and don't want to resize my rings yet.  I have two rings that I wear daily, very small/narrow rings (~5mm), and I used the smallest tube in the packet.  Without trimming them, they were too restrictive, so I cut them down a little at a time until it provided the thickness at the base of my finger without going too wide and making the ring too small.

I liked the general idea of these, but in reality washing my hands and putting on lotion gunked it up and made it less than appealing.  They also occasionally popped off and moved around on the ring/finger so they were off balance.  I occasionally pinched myself from the slot that's used to slide over the ring.  They are 'well made' but simple little tubes of plastic.

I ended up getting DipSize, which applies a slimmer/more wearable layer of silicone to the ring, which was a much better option for me."
"These can be cut to be smaller if they are too big. They're just plastic tubing segments that have been sliced--- to allow it to wrap around a portion of your ring. The pieces were too thick for some of my more delicate rings and would move around, chafing my skin. They're a great idea in general and work in most cases, just not all the time."
Nothing against the seller here but I personally do not care for the product. The adjusters do not stay on the ring
"These snuggies sound good in theory but unfortunately do not work as advertised.  I bought these so that I could secure a ring that I wear with my wedding band and intend to wear 24/7.  The manufacturer information states that if you have enlarged knuckles, you can put the ring on and then put the snuggie on.  This is not true.  It took me about five minutes to get the snuggie on my ring when I wasn't wearing it.  I gave up trying to put the snuggie on with my ring on my finger.  Once on, the snuggie is not snug - it protrudes and is not flush with the ring.  Soap gets under it and the snuggie itself slides all around.  It isn't worth sending them back but save your $.  Don't buy these."
"This was crap. The ""snuggle"" fell out in a day. Don't waste your money."
Exactly what I was looking for. They work great and are easy to apply. They stay on even with frequent washings. Thank you.
Not good
Just what I needed to keep rings on my fingers! :-)
Item was as described and received in a timely manner. Happy with the different size options in the set !
Work well at keeping my rings situated.  Arrived ahead of the projected arrival date
works well.
These ring sizers are wonderful and super fast and easy to use. I even bought another pack since I liked them so much.
"Little pieces of plastic tubing with a slit lengthwise.  They will work until you can get your ring(s) resized, but it's not anything you will want to use long-term."
"I don't like these, they stick out too far and they actually hurt my finger. They resize the ring perfectly about 1/2 size smaller, but they are very uncomfortable and pinch my finger."
only work for thin rings
I loved
Not flexible. Too thick and stiff to adjust ring one or two sizes. There was only one in the package that worked ok. They may be useful if ring is 3 sizes too big.
great item. Works well
My hands are very small so it is hard to find rings that fit.  These are great if a ring is not able to be sized down without compromising the design.
They fall off
Read the reviews and consider what you are paying.  The portable heater does help clear up the wind shield a little bit at a time.  I turned it on after I plugged it in and have no problem with blown fuses.  It is not a substitute for the factory installed heater and defroster.
Ok for short term use but tend to fall off so be careful.
I couldn't even get them on my rings.
the adjuster is so big that it is more annoying than my ring sliding around on my finger...get the noodle instead!
THIS PRODUCT WAS REALLY NOT WANT I EXPECTED. I DON'T KNOW WHAT I DID WRONG BUT THEY DID NOT WORK FOR ME.
"So uncomfortable...too big...doesn't stay on. This product looks like a great idea, but did not deliver."
Great temporary fix.
Works fine for mu husbands wedding band
Great
"This product is horrible.  It's way too big and bulky, you can't wear two rings together (like a wedding ring set).  I tried to use it on one ring but it just felt like I had tape wrapped around my ring that stuck into my hand.  I had a difficult time removing the guard from my ring too. I hope I can return this, if not then it's just wasted money and a loss on my part."
Didn't work for me!!!
"Cheap price, but they fall off and get lost."
works
Haven't used. Wide and flat.
"These are amazing, come with many different sizes so it's bound to work for you."
It's worth the price.  Good to have several sizes.  I only used one of them for one ring and had to get quarter inch clear tubing from Home Depot for the other one.  Home Depot has only that one type of small clear (see through) tubing that'll work.
These are great.  They have worked on every ring I own :-)
"Ordered for a ring I bought my wife, but didn't need them."
works just as indicated.
Good for a quick fix
They fall off when wet so be sure to have dry hands when using them.
"Haven't used yet, its a cheap way to fix using a ring. I prefer other ways but this is definitely the cheap way."
It turned with the rings
"My wife lost her ring combiner that she used in this set, so she gets another set."
These were not flexible or comfortable. A slight curve may have helped. Also they are really only made if a ring is almost a full size too big. I have a ring that is about half a size too big and these didn't work.
"The ring snuggies worked. It kept my ring on my finger most of the night. However, if the ring moved slightly then then ring snuggie fell off my ring and I was searching for it while making sure I didn't lose my ring. I will say the product is unsightly, it didn't look right on my gold ring. It worked in a pinch, so probably best for those who want to wear a piece that they don't have time to resize or for people who are sharing rings, but I'm still looking for a better solution."
They are a bit bulky.  I still use it though.
Very comfortable and I'm thinking of purchasing another pack just to have them on hand
"fell off constantly and got stretched out..dont waste your money, just buy the metal ones for a few bucks more"
This kit comes with several size of ring snuggie.  I was able to find one which fit fairly well and so far has worked well.  It would be nice if the kit had two of each size since now when one wears out an entire kit would need to be ordered just to get the one size that works.
Do not buy. Terrible and too  thick. Not at all like pictured. Buy ring noodle instead. Have used these as well and are much better
Purchased and suspected as much that the product would not fulfill my expectations. Sizing could easily be done with shrink tubing or by using the old standby of yarn. Do not recommend the purchase of the product
Worked great
"I thought the snuggies were a thinner, its a little uncomfortable. I guess I will get used to it. It really does what it is supposed to and keeps my ring from falling off."
always need extras
"The ""snuggies"" rolled around and were uncomfortable to wear. I would prefer something more stable, the rolling was pretty distracting and annoying."
not as described
Uncomfortable
Fits good
"Absolutely terrible. The description says ""assorted sizes"" but what I got was a box of Jumbo snuggies that are 3x the circumference of a jumbo drinking straw. Completely useless. I would have to use on a ring 10x too big for me."
don't stay in place
"Not quite what i was expecting.  the snuggies are very stiff and makes it uncomfortable to wear.  perhaps in time the plastic will soften but i don't have that kind of patience.
-Melissa"
"After trying the ""noodle"", I find that this product looks much better and has worked well now for several months. It actually is a piece of plastic that fits inside the ring by holding it in a sort of channel. There are tiny ridges on the edges of the adjuster to hold it in place, and It is hardly visible. This is better than the metal adjuster that scratched my ring, and the noodle thing which just looks bad on the underside. Good product."
Item as described quality a little low. Will work as stated.
"They are what they are, they do what they do."
"These are a good temporary solution, but definitely not comfortable enough to wear long term."
These are usefull for downsizing rings that you don't wear every day.  With every day wear they eventually come off the ring.
They do as advertised. No complaints here.
Good product
I have to vote no on these. They just don't sty on.
Good product. As described and does what it says it will.
"I gained weight and a nice Jade ring I have is too small for my ring finger and a bit too large for my pinky. The jewelry guy wanted $60 to resize the ring, so I haven't worn the ring for years. I ordered these and they work perfectly. I put a small piece of masking tape over the slit in the Snuggie, so it wouldn't come open some way and cause me to lose the ring. It seems a lot simpler to pay 5 bucks for these gizmos made for this purpose than to do as some suggest and drive to the hardware store and spend an hour messing around with buying and cutting tubing. Although, due to having Amazon Prime it was a quick, easy, inexpensive, transaction. I ordered the Ring Snuggies at 3:05pm Saturday, and received them Monday in the mail."
They work ok but they tend to open up just enough to slip off the rings after awhile
Slid around on the band; hurt the fingers on either side; did nothing to make the ring fit better.  Piece of junk.
i needed these simple sizers for a varitye of rings. Fit and price perfect
The size I needed was smaller.  I placed the smallest on and thought that it would work and a couple hours after I noticed it was gone and the ring was turning around on my finger.  It may work for someone else better.
Great solution for large knuckles like mine!
"I liked the product a lot.  They fit snugly, on the ring, and keep rings in the position they are to be in.  I highly recommend them, and the seller."
sometime not comforable
they are too big. Not comfortable
"Love these, since my weight fluctuates it is nice to be able to size my rings back and forth. I have used these in the past, so knew they were going to work, but as always dealing with Amazon was a great experience!"
"These were too big for what I needed.  More the size for men's rings than ladies rings.  I had problems with the only small one not staying on the ring and it fell off.  When it stays on it does keep the ring from turning, these just did not work for me, may work for another person with larger rings."
Received the Ring Snuggles very quickly and they were 'as advertised'.  Very pleased.
"I always have these on hand.  I usually get them at Claires, but saw them on amazon.  great to have!!!"
These Ring Snuggies are rigid and very uncomfortable. They still do NOT keep the rings from twisting on my finger. NOT recommended.
"These work, but they're a little bulky. And you can catch them on stuff. Please don't smack anyone while you're wearing one of these, I'm sure it will leave a mark. :-(
Note: You shouldn't be smacking anyone anyway. It makes Jesus cry. ;_;"
"Does the job. A bit rigid, though, and can potentially scratch, say, the top of your expensive MacBook Pro when you're typing, if your not careful."
waste of money
"If you are like me, and your knuckle size is so much bigger than your finger that resizing the ring is just not an option, then your options are pretty limited.  This item is adequate for the task it was created for.  By no means is this anything special, but at least it doesn't snag on everything like the metal size adjuster I just replaced.  It doesn't reduce a size by much, so just be realistic and I don't think you'll be terribly disappointed."
"I bought this for my engagement ring that's become too loose on me. It's at least a whole ring size too big but I could only use the smallest adjuster in this kit. Even then, sometimes it's a bit too snug (since your fingers fluctuate each day). TIP: TRY CUTTING IT IN HALF. You'll gain a little space

Since my band is slightly on the thick side, the tube doesn't close all the way. The open rubber tube can get uncomfortable since it'll scratch up your other hand when washing hands or possibly scratching your face when you touch your face.

If your ring is at least a whole size too big and you don't want to re-size it (either from fluctuating so much or the anticipation of gaining all that weight back), then this is a doable temporary solution."
Incredibly uncomfortable. Scratch the opposite hand if you are washing your hands. I could only stand to wear for a day or two.
They do the trick.
Good temporary fix for rings that are too big. A little hard to put on but they work.
Works As Advertised! Great Deal and Super Fast Shipping Thanks to Prime.
Unfortunately the snuggles  didn't work out for me. My ring was too wide.
Waaaay too big. They are super thick and stiff. Made for man hands. Did not work at all.
They work ok but it's not the cure all. Some rings are just too big & need resizing.
these didn't work at all. Put one on it fell off. Then tried a different size and that one came off too.
Do not buy this product. The ring snuggie (plastic tubing) is hard to attach to the ring and nearly impossible to attach while the ring is on. I finally got it on after struggling with it for15 minutes and it was uncomfortable. Very disappointed.
"Was suppose to be assorted sizes.  Sent all jumbo.  Decided to make my own.
Went to the plumbing department at Home Depot and bought ten feet of plastic tubing 1/4 Outside Diameter and 7/16 Inside Diameter.  It was perfect and I have enough for HUNDREDS of rings for about $4.00."
"These things were so awful and useless, we joked about them all night (after tossing them in the trash).  Thanks for the laughs, Ring Snuggies!

Also - sizes did not vary in the package."
great for ring sizing
Great it is perfect
"These are NOT assorted sizes. They are all the same, and they are HUGE. I had to cut one in half just to get it on my ring, it was so long. They are also thick, but most of the thickness is from the space in the middle, so that it isn't ""snug"" at all; it slides all over the ring so that it may stay on your finger but it will certainly not stay in place."
Ring Snuggies is a great fit.
ok -- works as described but not the right product for me  :(
useful to keep my rings together
I do love that they keep my ring in place now that it's cold and my fingers have shrunk. But I don't like the way they feel. The edges aren't sharp and I don't scratch my face or anything with them but you can just tell that it's there and it's annoying to be able to feel this piece of plastic every time I close my hand. It would be nicer if it were softer and more flexible.
"I was very hopeful about this product, only to receive it and be disappointed. The photo shows assorted sizes, yet I received jumbo sizes. I have no choice but to return the product, as this size is useless to me. I would honestly give it no stars if that was possible. Buyer beware!"
Note do snuggie  if you want to wear it everyday not good already lost one that fell off  my rings
"They work, but I know they'll fall off at some point, so they're only good until that moment, and then you have to worry about losing the ring, too."
Great product !!!
the assorted sizes help me fit all my rings that have gotten too big for my fingers.
too cumbersome to wear
good
Useless!
Useless. Falls off and feels uncomfortable
They have come in handy to my surprise. I use them on some of my jewelry and they work really good.
"This was not what we expected. When a fit was found from the sizes the product offered it would not stay on my husbands wedding ring and therefore kept getting lost. When the hand is on the open side it is flamboyant being too big. In addition, the one fit option was too tight for my wedding band/ring combo causing my finger to hurt and lose circulation."
"These are not soft they are hard plastic. I thought they were going to be more squishy, however; they do work for a while, I used one on a ring for about 3 months and then it wouldn't stay on the ring anymore, so they do get worn out after a while."
"The edges are sharp and hard, so if you touch yourself or your kids you're likely to scratch. It's stiff, not very flexible and only comes in one thickness although the width of the holes are different depending on the size of your band. I was looking for something to take up some extra room on my wedding band to keep it from spinning but this was a disappointment. Not what I was looking for."
"Says assorted sizes, I got JUMBO. I can't even use them."
awesome
Best ring adapters I have ever used! A selection of sizes makes fitting any ring easy.
"These work well, and are necessary when  you lose weight...or can't get a half-size without expense or possible damage to gems as it is re-sized.  Also great if you buya ring size to fir a larger finger and then decide to wear it on a smaller finger sometimes."
TERRIBLE at holding rings on your fingers!  Don't ever try to wear an expensive ring with one of these because you will lose it!  I've tried it on several different rings and they just slip off.  Better to go for the metal one's and get your money's worth.  Would not recommend.
They don't stay in place
DId not come in assorted sizes - received 4 jumbo snuggies - much too big - no return option?
"Total waste of money. Uncomfortable, almost impossible to put on or take off. Use a bandaid instead."
Too bulky
Great way to resize large costume rings for short usage.
Great.
"The product does its job, but the fall off randomly. I bought these because I work in a grocery store and was afraid I would end up loosing my ring at work. So far I have already lost two of them. I decided these are not the fix for me, I'm getting my ring resized next month."
"I was looking for a solution to my wedding band falling off of my finger. Unfortunately, this isn't it. I found it to be uncomfortable, visually unpleasant to look at and unreliable as it tends to fall off the ring. I guess I'll have to have the ring resized."
OK
"Reorder, prompt"
"Made my daily wear rings wearable. I did cut on to make a bit more room after trying it out for a few days. Its inexpensive great way to resize a ring after weight loss. Then,you can wear as long as you want without spending money on a Jeweler resize before you know what size your finger will be! Takes a bit to get used to them, but they work and you will get used to them if you wear them,... inexpensive enough to cut them to get a more precise or comfortable fit (which I did). One of them for my wedding ring was flattened and fit really close to my ring on all sides, rather than just the round ones."
They come off.
"These are only good for when a ring is A LOT bigger than you want it to be. I needed it for a ring that is only a half size too big, and all the snuggies were too big to use with that ring. The smallest one was uncomfortable, the next smallest one cut off circulation to my finger."
It is hard and catch's on things
They fall off
"These are the most annoying ring snuggie ever made. It feels like a bruise after  you wear it for a day, I threw mine out after my sister tried it on her ring and it left a mark after she took it off. So apparantly these do not work. Just get it resized :)"
Very helpful till time for jeweler
a bit bulky
Kept falling off of the rngs
Works well as a temporary fix.  Product is just as I expected.
Don't last very long.
I gave these to my aunt for Christmas last year! She loved them.
I love it fit great on my wedding band
Little more bulk then expected
there was only one in the package that was small enough for my ring and it discolored quickly and fell off.
Several diff sized ring adjusters but only one fits. The rest r garbadge.
"Really thick and not too flexible... didn't work for me (I needed to decrease the ring by 1.5-2 sizes), but I suppose could work well for a ring that's 2+ sizes too big."
These are to thick and uncomfortable on your finger. :(
Need to be a little more flexible for comfort
very bulky
Did the job......loved them! If only I could use one of these to fix the guy who gave me the ring lol! Wishful thinking :)
Didn't work- wouldn't stay on ring.
"They come off, not even a tempory fix"
these work amazing!
still kind of slip on finger.  not comfortable feeling.  don't know what I expected
Snuggies kept falling off when I washed my hands. They are not sturdy enough.
WASTE OF MONEY
Luv these
These fall off too easily and kind of pinch. I wasted my money on them.
not enough sizes avl in the pack. need pack to be sold by the size
"Just what I wanted, not easy to find. I have some others and they work great, don't hold bacteria like tape does."
They work.
"I've purchased these snuggies several times. They are so easy to attach to my rings and ensure that they won't fall off my fingers on cold days. Then there are times when the weather is hot and my rings fit perfectly without a snuggie. Sometimes, a snuggie might accidentally fall off, so I make sure to have plenty of spares to replace them. The old fashioned metal adjusters are so flimsy and don't last long at all. I love these little guys and wouldn't be without theml. Thanks Springdale, you've got a great product here."
A very inexpensive way to make ring fit
"Does what it says. Feels a bit bulky on some rings, but they work."
"I wish these came in different size THICKNESSES, and not just ""length"""
Great
Good
Just what I was looking for very happy with product
"Very hard to get on a ring.  And when you do, the ring becomes too tight."
I was skeptical about ordering these as I had recently bought some metal ones from a different sellar. But I must say that they were easy to put on and since there were six to a pack in various sizes I was able to use them on all my rings! Great product at a very reasonable price and will definetly be ordering more should the need arise
Good
I was not happy with these.  I ended up throwing them away as they were very uncomfortable to wear.
I have used these little wonders for years!  LOVE THEM!
Perfect for loose-fitting Rings.
It is not awful but it is not great either hence the 3 stars.  It kind of bothers me cause I feel it/it feels weird (maybe I just have to get used to it??)  But it does come is several different sizes so that was nice!
"DONT KNOW WHERE ALL THE BAD REVIEWS ARE COMING FROM BECAUSE i FOUND THEM TO BE GREAT WHAT A SIMPLE IDEA HUH?? AND SURE IF YA WANNA GO THROUGH CUTTING THE TUBE AND ALL THAT AND GET DIFFERENT SIZES LIKE THAT ONE GUY SAID .. GO AHEAD AND WHILE YOUR AT IT?? GO BUILD YOUR OWN CAR MAKE YOUR OWN CLOTHES... LOL.. THATS WHY THESE ITEMS ARE OUT THERE /....ITS DONE FOR YOU...DAH... AND THATS TO THE GUY THAT SAID GO GET YOUR OWN TUBE AND CUT IT....SILLY JUST SO SILLY
R. WILLIAMS
BERGENFIELD NJ"
useful .
They get stretched and start to fall off
Very easy to work with and they came in very quickly.
Ok
They were great!
PLEASED
Ring fit perfect with these.
Terrible. The threw them away
"I bought this for my wife to adjust her wedding ring, It was bothersome and kept falling off, so we found to be useless"
I ordered this for my Mom and Aunt. They love it! No more rings slipping out and getting lost while doing the dishes.
"This is such a waste of money! They are very bulky around the ring and extremely uncomfortable. Not to mention, they come off the ring easily."
"thick, strong plastic.  Gets the job done.  Might eave some additional marking on your fingers, or may make your ringfinger feel a bit more uncomfortable.  However, the plastic slips around the ring, and it doesn't come off easily, and it does the job of keeping an oversized ring on your finger.  But just in terms of comfort, if this is a ring you plan to wear often/daily, it is 100% worth the money to just get it resized if possible."
"AT TIMES THE RING GUARD COMES OFF THE RING, SO I HAVE TO FIX IT. I DID RECEIVE THE RING SNUGGIES IN A FAST MANNER."
The ring guard arrived and I was excited.  My knuckle is larger than my finger and my ring flops around.  I thought the Snuggie would be perfect.  I tried the smallest and it fit.  I found during the day it kept catching on things as it wasn't the same length as the base of my ring.  During a meeting I noticed the guard fell off.  :(  That was a waste.  :(
I recently purchased this item because I have small fingers and most of my costume jewelry won't fit.  This is a cheap and simple way to get them to fit since they can't be resized.
"My ring was too big. I purchased these little clear tubes to keep the ring on my finger. HOLY SMOKES, it worked. The ring has not come off my finger. I, for one, appreciate when a product does what it says it will. Thank you, Ring Snuggies."
Waste of money.  They come off when you do anything with your hands.  Would not recommend these to anyone.  Save your money
"These work and are reusable, which is a great feature. Something to have on hand for all your ring needs."
Bada Bing Bada Boom... my ring was too big and now it fits good! Love that it comes with a bunch of different sizes- I keep losing weight and I know I will have swap the sizes of the snuggies so having diff sizes is def a plus!
Well first when input it on it did make the ring fit better. Although I do not like the way it feels it actually feels like my ring has turned in to my palm and it feels funny.....then within a few days of wearing it it fell off and is now lost. So needless to say I will not buy these again...glad it was cheap
They were exactly what I was looking for.  They snap onto your ring easily and they come in different sizes to fit any ring or finger.
these fell off the ring too easily and I lost several of them.  Too expensive for what you get.  Would not recommend
"I was a skeptic with this as well, so deceptively simple. It was completely worth the money, plus some. My rings weren't sliding around my finger all day, and it created an overall more comfortable feel. I use them mostly with my vintage cocktail jewelry that I wouldn't necessarily want to resize, but still like to wear. There are many different sizing (width) options as well. Sometimes I have to try a few times to get it on, but once it's on it stays in place all day, no issues. Very happy with this product."
"After you slide it on the ring it's a little too thick, so you constantly feel it. Every time I washed my hands, it popped off! I kept putting it back on but last week it popped off & I couldn't find it. I believe there are 4 in the package but only one fit right on my ring that was a little too large. So in a pinch if you're planning on getting a ring resized it could work, but there are issues."
Don't waste your money on these. They don't work. They are uncomfortable and spin worse than the rings do. Seller refuses to accept any returns on open items which I would not have known didn't work unless I opened the package. So into the landfill they go! I will never do business with this unreputable company again. If I could have given them negative stars I would have.
"I don't think I'll pay for resizing again.  These work fantastic.  They are clear plastic that fits around the bottom of the band and it tightens your ring right up.  No one even notices that you are wearing it, so your ring looks like it's made for your finger.  I would highly recommend it to everyone."
They are not very comfortable and would not recommend to use. just go get your ring resized instead of buying these!
"I had a large class ring that had become a half size too loose. Was looking for a low cost spacer instead of using an inch of silicone self stick tape.  These looked better, but the edges make it uncomfortable after a long day. Vendor shipped well, but the product is not as great as I had hoped."
"Most of the Ring Snuggies are too fat.  I like the way you can put them on and off your ring while it is on your finger, but most of my rings are thin and the Snuggies were too big."
"Everytime, i wash my hands, if I don't remember to take my ring off, which is a pain, i lose the snuggie or the water and soap get stuck inside the snuggie.  Annoying."
These brushes are the worst things I have ever purchased in my life. They are not how they are pictured. They look like a few bristles were stuck in old ball point pens.
It really work on holding your rings together. It not very comfortable at first but it does the job. It not really noticable it only show on the back of your rings.
"Since these were so inexpensive I gave them a try.  It does keep my ring from slipping off my finger.  It's not exactly attractive but it doesn't really stand out either.  Essentially it's a short length of split tubing.  The split side can be a problem; the edges of the split are scratchy and can snag a blouse and don't feel great to the person you touch.  I turned the snuggy around so the split is against my finger inside my ring, but that means the snuggy can pop off if I catch it on something.  I'd prefer to have a few extra of the one size I need but you don't really know what size you need until you try them.  Still it's a fairly effective solution for keeping my over-sized wedding ring on.  My band is fairly wide--I'm not so sure the snuggy would work well on a narrow band."
"Didn't have the size I needed. My ring is wide, there wasn't a snuggie that would fit around easily. It may work fine if you have a small band, but it was a waste for me."
These malleable material ring adjusters work better than rigid metal devices. Easier to apply on rings.  Also able to remove and re-apply to other rings.  Comfortable on the hands.  Overall pleased.
The product works as advertised and I have been very pleased with it so far. I had one of the metal ones installed by a jeweler but I kept having to adjust it and it broke after only a few weeks so I decided to try the Snuggies. I would definitely recommend this product.
Wife bought them for her ring and so far she says they work ok. However one fell off pretty easily and was not able to find it where we were
They work exactly as expected.  I have lost weight and can still wear all my rings. Amazon does not dissapoint
"They tend to fall off, which is fine until you run out of the ones in the package that fit your ring. Thankfully I'm getting a new ring that will already be sized to fit my finger, so I won't have to use these anymore. They at least kept my current ring on my finger, so they served their purpose."
"These work like a charm, but they keep rolling off my ring when I wash my hair or change clothing. I need to have bumps put into my ring but am waiting until summer to see if my fingers swelling will cause my ring to fit tighter.  In the meantime, these suit their purpose and my ring doesn't slip around my finger."
"I have recently got engaged and the ring is slightly bigger than expected then we got it resized and it was still worried about it falling off. so I got two packs of these because I knew my ring was going to be secure.

I got the assorted sizes because i did not know what size i should get, but even though some are for a bigger band i was still able to use them."
Item received very quickly.  Keeps falling off finger.  Would not recommend
Don't waste your money as I did.  This over priced item  is just not worth talking about.  More hype than anything else.
"Slips off when putting ring on. If you manage to get it to stay on, then throughout the day as the ring naturally shifts around, the ring snuggie just spins such that the slit aligns with the band and just pops off. Completely worthless.  I'll stick with the old-fashioned ring guards that clamp to the band."
These things may work if you have a big finger but for my small fingers they were huge on my rings and I couldn't even wear them.
They are not a long-term solution since they slide on top of the finger or even come out.  It helps that they are of clear color.
"I was very happy with these ring size adjusters.  There's a great selection of sizes for any type ring that cannot be sized by a jeweler.  They are comfortable to wear all day and easy to use.  I recommend them especially because they are so easy to wear.  The only slightly negative thing is that you can see them on when your palm is face up, but my friends and family say it's only noticeable to me"
"These were uncomfortable and I couldn't stand to have them on for too long.  I may have been expecting more out of these than was possible.  It works great with making your ring fit better but the plastic was hard and unwieldy, making me take my ring off rather than wear it.  i couldn't even use these for a temporary fix until I got to the jeweler."
These work extremely well on rings that are too big.  There are a variety of sizes & are clear so they cannot be seen.
"Anyone who has a ring that is too big to wear on your finger, this is the answer to your problems! Many different size Ring Snuggies are in the package, one will do the trick. I promise this product works; it did for me!"
"I lost a lot of weight and rings are way too loose, so this was they become usable without going to a jeweler,"
This were very uncomfortable to wear and make the ring rather bulky and I think it looks quite unsightly as well.
Tried to bit to wide wedding ring.  Guard kept trying to return to top of my finger and were too bulky.
"These snuggies are good products. I still use one for my ring. It makes my ring fit in my finger. One of the problems is that there is just one of each size and you won't practically use all of them. So, be ready to toss the rest of the pack in your drawer! Also, the snuggy is a little bit loose on the ring when you don't wear it and it might fall easily. Overall, it does the job. I quite like it."
"I WANTS SOMETHING TO KEEP MY RING IN PLACE AND TRIED THIS PRODUCT.

THE ITEM WAS OKAY BUT NOT WHAT I WANTED OR REQUIRED.

IT WAS TO BULKY.

NOT A GOOD FIT.

MAYBE  THEY SHOULD MAKE IT A LITTLE SMOOTHER"
These made a ring fit that didn't fit before. I don't really notice the snuggy on my hand. Good product.
"These are not comfortable to wear and don't stay attached to the ring. Even on a large man's ring, these wouldn't work."
I don't like this item because I have arthritis in my fingers. The hard clear plastic doesn't adjust to fit. I think it's uncomfortable.
It's too bulky and cumbersome. It also has the potential to scratch delicate metals. I tried it once and never used it.
I bought these for a ring that was too big but this is too cumbersome.  It rolls around and doesn't stay on very well.
"My engagement ring was about 2 sizes too big and I needed a quick fix. These do work, but tend to slide around. I tried on all the different sizes, and unless I want the biggest ring snuggie, they slide.

But they keep my ring on!"
I had to double my ring snggies because of my finger size but I made it work I just suggest you all make snuggles for small people finger everyone finger are not big. Small people like to wear rings also
"Although there were negative reviews, I still decided to give these a try. It's been about a week and a half since mine came in the mail and they are great! My boyfriend surprised me for Valentine's day with a promise ring and he guessed a little too big for my ring size. I tried a few other kinds of ring adjusters that really didn't help, but these are exactly what I need (until I have my ring re-sized.) the ring snuggies are  very comfortable and I don't even notice they're there, also very easy to use. Overall I would definitely recommend this product."
"I am having a b it of trouble with my finger shape and such, that I roll them often and sometimes they will try to come off. They haven't worked as well as I had hoped, but they do help. It is not the fault of the snuggue, they just are not the best fit for me. But the transaction was great, shipping quick, and they are exactly as described."
my ring keeps sliding to the side..ok...I admit i is top heavy..also 52 years old. I had it sized..larger than smaller then larger again. Now it had to be made smaller. I tried having the jeweler put in a wire ring sizer....which i had to bend to made fit then make larger to get it off. These things are great . A friend took me they now have some plastic that works like the pictue hangers that can be removed..Didn't try them ...but a thought
My engagement ring is secure and not twirling around my finger all day. very happy with my purchase and would recommend these.
These ring resizes are an old idea but still  a good one.  There is a good selection of sizing tubes and some of them may have to be cut to adjust the amount of overall sizing.  The items are plastic and can easily be cut.
"The product description says that there would be 6 ring adjusters in each package.  The one I received had only 5 in it, I know it's a small criticism, but true none the less."
"While there are several widths provided, they are all about the same thickness.  I wanted to bring a ring size in just a bit and these only work for huge size reductions."
It turns around on finger to top of finger where ring should be. Thats all I have to say about them.
"Love these! Like the different sizes! Totally worth it! Fits all my rings, even holds both of my wedding rings together!"
These are a reasonable alternative to having a ring sized at a jeweler. There are a variety of widths and the ability to easily put them on and off is plus.
"I didn't care for these. First they are really difficult to get on your ring.  If you do, they are kind of uncomfortable to wear & then they eventually fall off.  Opt for a softer version that is more flexible and less bulky"
"Great product except for the water and soap buildup from washing your hands, otherwise it does the trick!!! Different sizes too."
They were just what I needed and they worked fine.  I have a ring that I wear on my ring finger and when I apply a ring adjuster I can wear it on my little finger.  Thank you.
"I purchased this, thinking this would do the trick for my ring to remain on. My ring is about a 1/4 or 1/2 size too big. I washed my hands one time, and the snuggie just kept moving around as if it wanted to come off. I was in church and I don't know what happened, but I looked at my hand and my snuggy was gone. I didn't feel it when it came off. I have lost two in two days, so I stopped wearing it. I will have to try something else that makes my ring more secure. This is definitely not it for me."
"love them. just wish you could buy a package with just the large size. you only get one in a package, and it's the only one i use. can't beat the price! still worth it!"
"I could have taken a thin plastic tube, split it to fit on any item.  They are too thick and bulky  for rings and fingers."
"They do work but they fall off easily.  Before I got to work it had come off of my ring.  However, it did make my ring fit better."
Nothing but garbage.  Don't waste your money.  I don't know why I even ordered these for diamond rings.  I went to the jeweler.
I already answers this I said the bands were to big and they keep sliding sround my finger wish ther was something better..
"I bought these because my ring was a little too big, they aren't perfect but worked pretty good for what I needed them for. the problem is that they wear out quickly I have worn them now for a couple of weeks and the plastic is starting to stretch but its ok the pack came with 2 of the sizes I need and they aren't expensive so for what they cost it's worth it, I only wish I had gotten them all the same size. The key is choosing the correct size."
My wife wanted our for her ring that I got as a surprise for her. Unfortunately it was not of correct size. But the ring snuggles kept falling off and finally she lost them as they came of the ring with her noticing
"It has been a long time since I bought plastic adjusters like these, and I was a little hesitant to do so because of past experience. The ones I had before, didn't fit my rings very snugly, so I kept losing them.

However, I decided to give these a try, because I needed something that could go on my ring after I got it over my arthritic knuckle. I was pleasantly surprised that these fit much more snugly than my previous ones, and I haven't lost one, yet.

The only reason I docked them a star is because I think they're overpriced for what they are."
"I thought these might be better than the old metal ring guards and they are better.  However, my personal preference is to not use them and have my rings re-sized instead."
"This products keeps falling off my rings and material turns yellowish, you can cut it so that it fits your rings"
I've lost two of them already because they stretch out and fall off the ring. They need some improvement in the works.
"The adjusters are too big and round, uncomfortable and sometimes pop off when ring shank slips through the slot on the adjuster."
"was hoping this would work - unfortunately,  very hard plastic and wouldn't stay on -  tried cutting it down but that didn't work either"
"Not easy to manipulate when placing on the ring. Can't really use them. I
wouldnt recommend this product unless someone is very desperate for their ring to fit."
I was not impressed with these and I found them uncomfortable to wear for the one ring I bought them for.
Rings fit perfectly with these ring snuggles on  and are very comfortable ! Sure does beat going to the jewelers and spending a fortune on getting your ring sized down !
I don't like these because they are so uncomfortable. I just tried 2 of them and they are in the drawer now.
these things are awesome! i love these they ar super helpful. the are a little annoying at tims and i don't like wahsing my hands w them on but they work great for its purpose
DON'T RECOMMEND  THEY DIDN'T WORK.  A TRUE WASTE OF MONEY/  ONE OF THOSE SEEN ON TV THINGS THAT JUST DOESN'T LIVE UP TO EXPECTATIONS
Perfect for a cold day when my ring is just a little too big. And easy to slide on and off
"Although these do exactly as they say, they are extremely bulky and make it uncomfortable. It has a tendency to still twist up the side of your finger or just falls off.  Won't be buying again."
I was hesitant to buy these because of the mixed reviews. I am glad I did though. I recently lost 30 lbs and my wedding ring was flopping all over the place. I was afraid I would lose it because it could fall right off. I had this ring sized right after I got married and it was quite pricey! I didn't want to pay for it to be resized in the winter either because it might be too small in the summer. They are a little gaudy and unattractive but it keeps my ring where it needs to be. My engagement & wedding ring are fused together so the band is pretty thick. Two of the sizes were able to fit without a problem. Once I got used to the Snuggie I couldn't tell I had it on. I wash my hands very often and water an soap gets trapped in the Snuggie so I do have to wash it with a Q-tip on occasion. I will use this until I finally give in and have the ring resized.
"Well...let's see...every time you wash your hands, you will be left with water and soap stuck inside the Ring Snuggie.  It is not comfortable.  It can pinch.  It is also sometimes difficult to put on and remove from your ring.  It will yellow over time. A waste of money. Just go the jeweler and have the ring sized for Pete's sake."
Keeps my ring secure. I thought I was going to lose my ring before I got the Ring Snuggie but now I don't have to worry about losing my ring because it fits snug on my finger.
"I love the idea, especially when you lose weight and your fingers shrink some. One problem - the adjuster slipped off the ring while I was wearing it and I couldn't find it. Use caution when installing and make sure it's snug."
"They fulfilled their function of allowing me to wear my ring until I get it sized, but I expected something more durable and less flimsy."
I have arthritis and found these nearly impossible to get on and off my 2 rigs to keep them from spinning.  Good idea but I guess I have my limitations :(
My husbands finger can swell so bought a bigger ring and then used these adjusters- they go on after you put the ring on and so are easy to remove if needed if his finger swells- works very well and wish I had known about them sooner-
"Not the most comfortable thing
I didn't like it.
Could have been less rough more simplicity would have been good."
I am very pleased with my purchase. The snuggies slip easily onto my rings that are too large and now they fit nicely.
This works great on several of my rings they use to spin around my finger because they were to big now the fix and I don't have to resize my rings.
"These did not work at all! As soon as you put it on the ring, then the ring on the finger, the snuggie pops off."
"It feels a little bulky on the bottom of the  finger, but it defenetly fits the purpose.
Another good thing is the fact that they have different sizes, so you can try different ones depending in how big is the ring."
These ring snuggies are hard to put on your ring.  They are very uncomfortable.  I threw them away in frustration.
"I have thin fingers and rings never fit me right, usually to big.  I use these snuggies and they work just fine to keep the rings in place."
I purchased Ring Snuggies and I am satisfied with the results.  I have a couple rings that are too large and the adjusters work well.  Easy to use!  I recommend this product.
"I bought the snuggies to re-size my extra wide ring, and the snuggies fit great across the wide band.  Would purchase again."
"liked the idea, however adjusters kept coming off ring-get a different type.  afraid that i will lose ring as adjusters kept coming off"
"This product was not easy to use and its tacky as you can see the ring guard and it does not provide a snug, smooth fit.  I would not recommend this product."
"I mean, they're hunks of plastic.. Some fit, others just migrate to your knuckle and get on your nerves. Duct tape is better for a temporary fix until I can get to my jeweler."
"These are way too bulky for most normal lady fingers, so I shaved one down a bit with a stanley and that worked for a bit, but I found after a few weeks, the ring still spun and now I had 2 annoying heavy bits to contend with, it was like I had a stone either side and they spun in unison, It didn't grip or stay put at all, so I wouldn't recommend."
"this are hard to get on, they constantly move around.  I really tried to use them on many rings.  I guess you get what you pay for."
these ring snuggies work great. keeps my rings from falling off. and i can wash dishes and not have to worry about a ring going down the drain! i definately will recommend these to everyone!
"I don't feel like drop 1G to get my wife's ring resized by 1/4 of a size right now. Especially since the holidays and we've all beefed up an additional 5-10 lbs. So this was a quick fix so that my wife didn't lose here 10k ring. It's worked thus far, and she hasn't complained about feeling it.

So - so far - so good."
"These did help my ring stay on my finger better. However, if you wash your hair, or your hands, or put lotion on, it collects the lotion or soap inside the snuggle. It also snags your hair If you run your fingers thrunykur hair. It will also just pop off if you are not careful.
This is definitely a great idea, because my fingers shrink during the winter."
"These little adaptors are okay. Nothing special, but they work as advertised. They seem to get lost easily, at least by me, but I continue purchasing them."
"These do the job but they're tricky because they don't fit all different widths of rings. Some of my rings are a little thick and the snuggies don't fit or will just pop right off. Definitely do recommend them for thin, simple rings. They are comfortable when placed on the ring and does keep your ring nice and snug!"
"My fingers are pretty slender, so my rings were slipping off due to the cold weather, bathing the kids, etc.  I'm glad I got these - because now, I no longer have to worry about losing what means a lot to me..."
This item worked as advertised . Installation was easy and it is comfortable. I would recommend this item. Thank you.
Very hard to get on and I haven't found just the right size for my rings.  Sometimes pop off.  Don't know what solution is.
"worked like a charm. it's just a piece of tube that makes the ring bigger, but it does exactly that!"
"I found them very uncomfortable. In addition, they were too large and in one instance the tube actually fell off."
"They are big and clunky, fall off easy and are not comfortable at all.  Ok for the price, but not really worth it"
These were no help and fell off when you washed your hands or took your rings off at the end of the day.
i hate it! the ring snuggie fell off! and only had 1 in a small ugh! they may feel fine at first but suck!!
I ordered this product for my engagement ring I'm a size 5.5 and none of these ring snuggies fit properly !!!! They are all big and thick ! Horrible
"Very easy to use and they don't show at all from the front. They can also be easily removed and then put back onto the ring, which is nice as my fingers swell and shrink with arthritis flare-ups. I wasn't sure how comfortable they'd be to wear, but I don't notice them at all."
"I ordered these so that mine and my husbands rings would fit better during the cold part of the year. They seemed sturdy and like they would work well. They were to thick and made it so I couldn't even get my ring on. The description says that they can be used to hold two rings together, however there wasn't one wide enough to do so. They would probably work if your ring was a size or two too big though."
The snuggies do not stay on the band.  They like to work themselves off the band.  Also not very uncomfortable to wear.  Plastic is a bit too stiff.
"""An instant, economical ring sizing solution, providing a snug fit for any ring on any finger.""  That is how it is advertised.  Not only do they NOT fit the ring I bought them for, I tried one on a different ring, it popped off and is gone.  Really cheap product  for which Seller said no refund will be given."
"Much more comfortable than the metal ones and much less expensive, too.  Easily removed to wear ring on another finger, as well."
"Worst piece of crap you can buy, I got the metallic one first and it tuned black, this one is so uncomfortable is not funny. Take your ring to a jeweler because if you are going to put it on all the time it better be secure"
"Awful, scratched my fiances face when she wore it washing her face or moisturizing. Snagged clothing generally uncomfortable.  Fully not recommended!"
"Since I got my engagement ring I have lost weight and my ring kept slipping around on my finger.  I knew that there were ring guards but every time i was out shopping and thought about it, what ever shop I was in at the time did not carry them.  So, I found them here on Amazon and ordered them.  I got them 3 days after ordering with normal shipping so that was good right off.  There were assorted sizes in the package and since I put one of them on my ring it has not slipped even one time.  I would definitely recommend these to anyone!"
Functional as short term solution but I found this product to be to thick and uncomfortable for long term wear.
"i love this snuggie, you don't notice you have them on and i have used 3 different sizes.. i have lost 40 lbs and this works perfect for not having to resize your ring your until your weight has settled!! thank you!!"
I chose this rating because I didn't think  it kept my rings from slipping around like I hoped it would.
"After reading several negative reviews on the ring snuggies, I really started to wonder if they were worth trying at all. The more I thought about it, I realized that they were really too inexpensive not to give them a shot, not to mention that I didn't really have any better options. So I went ahead and ordered them. I fell in love with them the first day! Some might say they are too bulky, but it's not that bad. Honestly, the fact that I never have to worry about my ring falling off anymore makes every day so much better! Such a small thing was causing so much stress in my life, but the snuggies fixed that! I wear them all day every day and I am SO happy with this product! If you are still contemplating, just do it! They are worth the money for sure!"
These adjusters are difficult to wear. They do the job on a temporary basis but are uncomfortable because of their size.
This product comes in a very of different sizes for everyone! It is great and works very well. Strongly suggest!
They were ok that did the job that I needed them to do until it popped off the ring but it worked.
These little darlings work great! They are clear so they aren't noticeable and they come in different shapes and sizes....just choose the one that suits your finger the best!
I will never use them.  They are way to thick to be of any help.  They are a waste of my money.
"If you can't get a ring sized, these allow you to wear and enjoy the ring.  Yes, you are aware they are there but they stay on without worry and I love to wear my rings I otherwise couldn't."
i have tiny fingers so usually i get a size or two bigger .. i was using scotch tape earlier to make my rings smaller. Ring snuggies are nice and comfortable and a quick fix... It looks very neat as well.
"These were the perfect solution for my right-hand ring that wouldn't stay put.  The ring was top heavy and kept sliding to the side, this was the perfect solution."
These work & they come in different sizes too which is great since I needed one for me & my husband's wedding rings :) no need to pay for costly resizing :)
"only one of these sizers works for a normal size ring band. They are all much too large. If you have more than one ring to size, buy another brand."
I hope sometime someone will design a better ring snuggie.  These are too thick so easily slide off the ring while a person is wearing it.
Works great instead of resizing my ring all the time. I would recommend this product to anyone who has ring size problems. Thanks for the quick response and great product.
My ring is maybe a half a size too big and I thought these would help. Maybe if I needed a whole size smaller but not just a little unfortunately  I will not be using these!
"The ring adjusters did not work for me.  They were too thick and hurt my finger.  They came in different sizes, but even the smallest was too thick."
I have several rings that were just slighty too big and my knuckles are a little swollen so this product make perfect sense to me to try them instead of having the rings sized.  I love this product.  I can pop one on or off and use it on multiple rings.
"Fast shipping, worth the price, and no shipping time at all! My rings were falling off and this was a quick fix since I didn't have the money to resize them at the moment"
I loved it at first but it came off while I was doing dishes. The addional sizes were no help they were to big.
Dispatched quickly and got in time.  Excellent though price is more for these items. I would recommend to price it reasonably.
"I ORDERED THIS FOR A NEW RING I'D GOTTEN THAT I WAS TAKING WITH ME ON A TRIP. NOT ONLY DID I NOT RECEIVE IT IN TIME TO TAKE WITH ME, IT STILL HADN'T COME 3 WEEKS LATER WHEN I'D RETURNED -  SO I HAD TO FILE A COMPLAINT, ENDING WITH THE COMPANY SENDING A SECOND SET FREE OF CHARGE OF COURSE. THE DESCRIPTION SAYS YOU CAN APPLY IT ONCE YOU HAVE YOUR RING ON - WELL GOOD LUCK WITH THAT! IT'S ALMOST IMPOSSIBLE TO FIND THE SLIT IN THE GARD TO PUT IT ON BEFORE YOU HAVE RING ON, MUCH LESS AFTER IT'S ON YOUR FINGER. IT WAS A TOTAL WASTE OF MONEY. THE RING NOODLE (PETITE - LESS REDUCTION) WORKS BETTER ALTHOUGH STILL DIFFICULT TO PUT ON THE RING FIRST, THEN MANAGE TO NOT HAVE IT SLIP OFF OR TWIST OUT OF PLACE WHILE PUTTING THE RING ON."
I was very disappointed in this.  It is too bulky under my finger.  I keep thinking I have something in my hand and could not keep myself from messing with it with my thumb.
Work great helps keep my ring that the jeweler sized to big  thank you very much for the different sizes also
"these are not exactly what i thought they were and although they do work for what i need them for, I do not like how they turn a nasty shade of yellow after about 2 weeks"
Perfect for my grandmother's ring! If you don't mind the bulk under your finger these are a great buy for a ring to stay in place!
"I thought these would be a good temporary solution to my ring being loose. They hurt around the edges. They also say that if the ring is too tight with the snuggie on, to trim it down. I trimmed the snuggie, and it then just spun around on the ring, and the ring still moved around on my finger. These do not bend, nor have any flexibility, and they are bulky and uncomfortable. I cannot have my ring sized, but I only need about half a size difference. I may just try sizing balls on the inside of my ring. These definitely are not a good solution, even temporarily."
"Received it in 2 days, its a great product! Comfortable and I can now wear the big rings that would fall before! Very pleased."
these keep falling off-no matter which size i use Its  good that they cost under 3.00. Sorry but can not use these
"I don't know it's such a big tubing thing, I could find a better way to do it if i knew its like this. Do not want to put such a big, ugly thing on finger."
"I thought the premise of the ring adjusters would be a great idea, and it is. BUT it was way too bulky for me, and whenever I closed my hand, there was this huge lump behind my ring finger, and was very uncomfortable"
they are perfect for me. my ring was about an half of inch too big so i need something that would work. had my doubts but was wrong. must try product
"Although hard to attach, these little snuggles allow for a good fit on a ring.  I am not five words verbose."
Its an inexpensive way to keep wearing jewelry that doesnt fit properly anymore. The various sizes for the most part fit various styles and thicknesses well and all fit securely to the rings.
"Ring Snuggies
Good temporary fix for various different size rings. Good for the price too, even got it faster than expected."
It was difficult to put on a wide band ring. Not enough flexability. A thinner type material would be better.
"I have been looking for this product for such a long time. However, with time the plastic gets a little bit uncomfortable but it is a way to wear the rings that are too big."
I think the headline speaks for itself.  This product is extremely uncomfortable and I tried all of the other suggestions to cut them and nothing worked.
They come in assortment of sizes but to be honest unless you have scary unusually large size fingers only one and if your lucky two will actually fit you. I only found one to fit and was so upset when after a day I noticed that it started scratching my band. I took it off and had to get my engagement ring buffed to get all the scratches out. I ended up resizing the ring which is what I should have gone and done the first time.
"This will work for a quick fix that you'll wear occasionally, but it is uncomfortable and chunky. I bought these to connect my engagement ring and wedding band in an non permanent way.  I wouldn't recommend these as a solution.  I'm still looking..."
"Great concept and effective, but a little too bulky for my liking. This a great ""quick fix"" measure in order to bust out that once in a while favorite ring that doesn't fit quite right, but for everyday use, it feels cumbersome."
No stars becuse it sucked huge let down. Didnt work at all don't know how it would unless the ring was at least 20 sizes to big
"I followed the instructions to put my ring on and then the snuggie, but I couldn't get the snuggie on when my ring was already on my finger.  So I put the snuggie on the ring and then put it on my finger.  It was fine until I took the ring off (I take it off at night).  The snuggie fell off and it took me quite some time to find it again."
These ring snuggles work great.  My elderly mother has lost weight in her hands but did not want to have her rings re-sized as she says it's like paying the jeweler to take your gold!  I purchased these and added them to her rings and she is thrilled!  They come in a variety of sizes for different types of rings.  Great product.
"Exactly what I Was looking for.  The various sizes work for different sized rings, and they stay on very well."
"I bought these so that I wouldn't have to have bumps put into my engagement rings. I found them hard to use, very bulky, and ended up getting bumps put onto my rings."
Worked better than I expected.  They were not bulky like other plastic ring guards I have used in the past.
"My wedding and engagement rings used to flop around. Now that I've got the snuggies, they finally fit right. Assorted sizes make it a great purchase for the whole family. A great fix for heirloom jewelry, instead of letting some stranger cut metal from valuable rings."
"I have lost a good deal of weight in the last several months, and hoped these would help keep my rings on until I have them re-sized, but they are uncomfortable and unwearable."
my ring fits perfectly with the ring snuggie. I don't want to get it sized until after my pregnancy so this is the perfect alternative.
"Product works OK.  I have trouble keeping the adjuster from turning around and slipping off the ring.
Not the fault of the vendor."
"Snuggie was easy to fit around my ring with needle nose pliers.  Downside is getting ends tight enough, so they don't bite your finger."
too bulky for me - they would work but can't get use to them on my ring and my finger
I WISH THAT WHO EVER MADE THIS MADE THEM IN JUST THE SIZE I NEED FOR mY SIZE FINGER NOT ASSORTED LIKE SMALL MEDIUM LARGE ETC....
It holds the ring aIright. I  have to get used to the plastic in my hand. It does slide a little though.
This is one of the worst products I have ever ordered. It is a hunk of tubing cut off and sliced down the middle. Horrible product :(
"snuggie was hard to put on the ring and still pinched me. Wearing the sunggie was extreamly uncomfortable, I was better off going to the Jewler and paying a few bucks to have the ring sized for my finger."
The item is no more than a piece of a clear tube. I went to my local hardware store and found them for pennies. I over paid for a 3/4 inch piece of clear tube.
"Found them cumbersome, larger then they appear and  I had difficulty keeping them on my rings. Not expense so, no great loss."
I love it thanks it is what i wanted and everythings good I can fit my ring now.  :) :)
This is a great product if you need to adjust a ring size. The package come with different sized adjusters to fit whatever your needs are.
The ring snuggies did not fit my ring even after trying the different sizes enclosed. A total disappointment. Guess you get what you pay for.
"I was unable to use way too stiff and thick. Was hoping for easy and comfortable way to fill gap of

1/2 size"
"nevery but
waste of money
get your ring reduced for $20 at some mall
dont pay for crap
.
."
The PVC is too thick and doesn't fit on the ring as snug as I thought it would. It would be better if it were thinner and more flexible. These are too stiff.
"They pinch my skin if I put them on one way and are too bulky if I put them on the other way.  After a couple of ""wears"" falls off easily.  For the price I paid its appropriate.  It was worth the try."
"I am a person with ""varying"" finger sizes & a habit of buying ""a bit too big"" ring sizes online (no matter how many times I check - oh well!). Buying this assorted clear pack of Snuggies is a good, cheap alternative to paying to have several rings resized.
As many women out there probably know too well, with swollen knuckles from osteo-arthritis, getting resized rings ON over sore joints is a fait accomplit too, so this is a great solution for me.
Many thanks :)"
this product got here very fast and works wonderful ! I would definitely use this product again . My husbands ring hasn't came off 1 time since he started using this . He says they are comfortable also
I'll keep this short and maybe no so sweet.  This product is the worst thing ever.  Difficult to put on the ring when you are holding it so you can forget about putting it on the ring when it is already on your finger!  Not expensive but save your money!!!
"I ordered the ring snuggies for my husbands wedding band as it was to big and we could not find a place to size the ring. The ring snuggies worked ok, but my husband stated that they were a little uncomfortable and we had to go through almost all of the different ring sizes before we found one that fit a little. And you have to make sure that once you find one that fits that you do not loose it because there is only one of each size in the pack."
These are just Okay.  I fear the plastic guard will fall off and then lose my ring.  Would recommend in a pinch!
I chose the ring snuggies because most of my rings were too big because \\i have lost a lot of weight! They also saved me a lot of cost for having to have all my rings resized! An inexpensive way to what could be a costly solution!
"Although the adjusters are various sizes, I still couldn't find one that fit my ring.  It looked bulky and was obvious to sight."
I love these! They come in different sizes so they will fit different types of rings. I use the thicker ones for rings that have a big gemstone. I can't stand it when a ring is topheavy and flips upside down. These will  keep the ring in place. The knuckles on my fingers are also bigger than the rest of my finger so the slit in the Ring Snuggy makes it easy to put apply after I put the ring on. These are also easy to clean as long as you don't loose them they'll last you a good while. I bought a box 2 years ago and use them regularly finally broke down and bought another box just becuase I lost some and the rest were yellowing. Not bad for everyday wear if you ask me.
"My wedding set is about a size too big and the larger size of these fits both rings and keeps them together comfortably. Arrived two days early, would recommend."
"I needed a spacer on my ring after I put it on since my knuckle was larger, my ring spun around and would not stay up on my finger like it sould. They come in several sizes to fit different rings.  I just LOVE the snuggies, they are the best thing ever!!"
"Received the item on time, but did not fit or work as expected.
Could not use it, not that many sizes to choose from."
This adjuster sort of does the job but you still feel like your ring is spinning because they make the ring bulky on the backside.
"Hate them. They are too thick and hard and they also fall off and get lost. I wrapped a cloth bandage around my ring. Softer, and it stays on for days."
"you get a few different sizes they all work
 and you cant feel or see them there.
help keep rings in place good for any size of rings"
I love my ring snuggie! It helps keep my ring from turning. The only downside is that it pops off my ring at times. I would just tape the opening and be good to go. I also wish it was a tad bit smaller. It's hard to wash my face or lotion my hands with the snuggie on.
"I was disappointed in this item because it was too cumbersome for my small finger. I only needed a small size reduction, and the smallest size that I could find was really tight on my finger.

Maybe I'll find someone who can get some use from them."
"THANKS TO RING SNUGGIES I CAN FINALLY WEAR MY RINGS WITHOUT SCOTCH TAPE ON THEM. I HAVE EXTREMELY SMALL FINGERS AND WHEN EVER A RING IS GIVEN TO ME AS  A GIFT , THE ONLY WAY ICOULD WEAR IT WAS TO PUT SCOTCH TAPE AROUND THE RING UNTIL IT WOULD FIT. THAT ALWAYS LOOKED SO TACKY.  I HEARD ABOUT RING SNUGGIES AND DECIDED ID TRY TO FIND THEM BUT EVERYTIME I LOOKED IN THE STORES  THEY COULD NOT BE FOUND SO I FOUND THEM ON AMAZON AND NOW I CAN WEAR MY RINGS. THANKS AMAZON"
It was not what i expected and they pinch.  I am going to have to look around for something better
First of all they are difficult to get on especially by yourself. If you do manage to get it on it slips off and spins the ring around. I ordered 2 packages and would not recommend these to anyone. Pretty much they are a bunch of little rubber tubes with a slit in the middle and they do not feel comfortable and they TOTALLY make your ring look cheap!!!
well my mom needed some and i found these and she said they work just fine for her thanks ya
"These Ring Snuggies work great for me and the assorted sizes work on a variety of rings. This is the best product of its kind that I have tried. Ring Snuggies (the orginal ring size adjuster of this type) are made of a stiffer, heavier PVC type material that is just flexible enough to put on the ring without it easily coming off while you are wearing it like other brands of ring adjusters of this type.

Ring Snuggies can adjust the size of my rings from a half size to a whole size depending on which one I use.

They also work great for my Grandmother who has large knuckles. She has to buy rings a size larger than her actual size so that the rings will go over her knuckles. These keep her rings from spinning on her fingers.

I don't find these uncomfortable nor does my Grandmother. You do notice them when you first put them on, but they aren't at all uncomfortable and after a while you forget that they are even there.

Just make sure that you have the opening/split in the Ring Snuggie tube to the outside of the ring and check it once in a while to make sure that it stays that way while you are wearing your ring. Ring Snuggies stay in place well and I never have an issue with them coming off like I have with competing brands, but I still check periodically with any ring adjuster to make sure that it is securely on my rings because I don't want my rings coming off and getting lost."
Snuggies are smaller than expected and served my purpose poorly. this product needs to be a little longer in length and I think it would would work better.
"I bought these...I thought ok...I can wear my wedding ring again. I've lost a considerable amount of weight, so my wedding ring is exceptionally loose...too loose to wear safely. I bought these thinking they would help...and every single size I tried came off...and was uncomfortable before it did. Same situation with my husband. He's also lost a considerable amount of weight so can't wear his wedding ring. So we tried a couple of the big ones on him. Well, turns out it wasn't that I have wacky fingers or something...they did the exact same thing with his as with mine. Definitely not something I would recommend."
"I have a couple of rings that I wanted to be able to wear on my ring finger as well as my index. This item was PERFECT! I'll be ordering another set, just to have them on hand. Thank you!"
"Loving the snuggies, as I had a few rings that I wouldn't wear for fear of losing them due to weight loss..."
"Thick piece of plastic. Does the job but turns with ring so ends up in front at times. Must take off with lotion, soap, etc or looks gross"
"Rolled around on fingers.  Not that great for tiny fingers. They were slightly uncomfortable, but sufficed when the only other alternative was to go without rings."
"Don't like them at all. Did not fit on any rings, no matter the width of the band. So I threw them out."
I have used the ring adjusters with the rings that required them and Have been comfortable wearing them even for a whole day. When it gets hot and hands swell up it is easy to take them off.
"Ring Snuggies are the perfect solution to custom fitting rings when re-sizing may not be the best option. These can be easily added or removed and are easy to clean.  I have 2 rings that can now be worn are different fingers, depending on mood or outfit, by adding or removing Ring Snuggies.  Great Idea!"
"These do exactly what I needed them to do, fix the fit on a ring. They come in multiple sizes that should fit most rings. They are only for rings with a slim band however, as the hole for the band is rather small. No wide band rings would work!"
they were too big for my fingers and it was umcomfortable to wear all the time. i expected something smaller and soft.
"I don't like this because its uncomfortable and too thick. I tried wearing it for an entire day but it was too uncomfortable. I wouldn't recommend it.

The reason I brought this was because I got tired of my ring twisting and turning and it has already been sized once already."
I've used these snuggies before.  This is the second time I've ordered them.  Hard to find in stores so I go online
"I know some feedback on this item has been that it is difficult to add to ring, but I found it to be relatively easy.  It is about expectations, I think.  But, if I had arthritis it might not be easy.  So, keep in mind that it will be the same as sewing.  It is certainly much cheaper than paying for a ring adjustment, which may not be permanent (if you are like me, my ring size fluctuates with my weight :(  argggg.  But, this is a great solution.  Wish I had more in the packet."
"My mom always wrapped yarn around my large rings, this is a much better solution and I like chunky rings so the various sizes were a plus."
"These Snuggies do exactly what they are supposed to do, but they are terribly uncomfortable. Once the adjuster was on my ring, there was a space in between the two ends. This left two rather hard edges which dug into my hand and fingers. The only way to stop this was to turn my ring with the adjuster facing the outside. Needless to say this was not attractive -- my wife said as much. Eventually, I had to just give up and stop wearing the ring.

Note: I had to use the largest adjuster because of the width of my ring. The pieces become much bulkier with each size up that you need,"
"When they are on the ring, they work fine. Unfortunately, the ""split"" that allows them to be put on also allows them to work their way off pretty easily. I tried two different sizes, and both fell off and were lost."
"Ok.  These are a great idea.  They are small and unassuming.  However, they are difficult to put on and easy to lose.  I found putting them on after the ring was already was awkward.  Trying to put them on the ring first and then slipping on the ring is almost impossible if you have even a regular size knuckle."
"Quick way to help someone with an emergency but I wouldn't recommend it as a long term solution. Luckily for me, I wear rings occasionally and don't have to deal with the snuggies falling or moving. Overall, the product is okay."
"Only 1 star because even with petite hands and you have a ring that could barely fit say, one size up or down--they're awful. But now, if you have  small fingers and you want to wear a size 10 ring LOL, they're going to be perfect. The ''roll'' is huge. I ended up using electrical tape for my emergency adjustment when the weather got cold and shiveled my fingers down to a size 4 and none of these in the package fit comfortable enough to try it. I gave this pkg away."
Ring snuggies do not stay in place on your hand - work around the ring - must constantly be moved.  Actually lost one washing my  hands. Not my favorite product.
"The set of Snuggies comes in various sizes to fit the thickness of your ring's band, BUT does not allow you to adjust how much tighter you need your ring to be, so unless you need a pretty big size change, these don't work. I only needed to adjust my ring by about 1/4 to 1/2 size, and these were way to fat to help me. If you need them to adjust a much larger ring, then they might work for you, though I also had trouble getting it on and the plastic pinched my finger uncomfortably."
"This product has allowed my to delay sizing my recent diamond ring purchase.  The jeweler made it slightly too large and I wanted to take it now, come back later.  I have smallish hands and find that the tubing is too wide to wear comfortably, so I cut them in half width wise and it works fine.

Another plus--it keeps the ring from slipping and circling around the finger, diamond side down.

One negative--I wear my diamond rings stacked and can only use it on one ring or they look oddly spaced.  Otherwise, nice product.

I wonder if buying some tubing from an aquarium store or pet shop and making a slice in to allow it to go around the ring would do the same thing?  That's what I would do if I needed to buy again.  Still, good product, great idea."
Don't wast your money! should have believed the reviews. It's just a piece of plastic and didn't help at all.
"The package comes with a variety of different sized plastic tubes to fit thinner and fatter rings.  The directions say to put it on while your ring is on.  I found that extremely difficult as the plastic wasn't very easy to work with.  I put it on when the ring was off and plan to never take it off that ring.  That said, it did help the ring to slide around less on my finger."
The package comes with a few of them in different sizes but not enough of the smallest size so I only used one.
"Not that easy to get on a ring and if you go to wash your hands with the snuggie on the ring, it comes right off."
"Sadly I was forced to order these online as 2 of my local stores either discontinued or were out of stock (Cheri's is way overpriced). They are, as described: a set of six.. with two 1/8""bands for tinier rings."
"awkward fitting.. actually hurt my hand. did the job, but not well enough. only one size in the whole bag was small enough for my hands. skip this product"
this product took so loing for it to get here and this was ordered 2 times and when I finally got them they were ok
This is great for anyone in the family that has trouble with rings being too big that can't be adjusted. Nice because they are not too visible.
"Sellers are fine but the product is awful, just awful. It's tubing and I lost it first day I wore it. Why bother with another, and even being tubing, it's only a few tiny pieces of this. It's a rip off. If you want to get the product okay, but feel ripped off----buy it."
I used Ring Noodle before and they were so much better.  I bought these to try because you get more for the same price but the quality if the plastic is not good.  They tend to break and fall off very quick within a week.  The plastic does not curve like Ring Noodle brand either making it uncomfortable and much more like to snag on something or scratch your face if washing your face with it on.  I wouldn't get these again.
"I do not like this product.  The snuggies do not stay put on my rings.  They fall off, which makes the ring spin or fall off, which defeated the whole point of me buying them. Perhaps another product will work better."
"these snuggies DO work...they made my daughter's ring NOT fall off of her finger...the ONLY complaint, or let down really, is that it is too visible...I know that it has to have a thickness to work, I just hadn't pictured it correctly in my mind..."
I got the assorted pack and they all fit too tight even for my loose ring. Size 8 but my size is 7. Not worth my money. They don't even feel comfortable on my pinkie finger it makes me feel like I have a rock on my finger
"Sometimes my fingers swell, especially in warmer weather.  The ring snuggies are a practical solution.  I use one when I need to--take it off when I don't.  It's an inexpensive alternative to ring sizing.  Even my husband used a few out of the package.  He thinks they're great, too!"
"Maybe some people gave this good reviews, but I can't imagine why.  It took forever to figure out how to place these into my ring.  And even after that, it was a battle just trying to force them ""under"". But I did get the snuggles in place eventually.  I used these on two rings: one on my ring finger, and one on my pinky. I must say I've never felt anything more uncomfortable & annoying.  At all times, I was ""aware"" of these snuggles I was wearing.  They bothered me terribly!  But I left them on, thinking I'd get used to them (Even though I wasn't happy that they ""showed"" from behind, for anyone to see).  In bed that night, I tossed and turned all night because I could feel them, even in my sleep.  Needless to say, they went straight into the trash the next day :-("
These ring snuggies work perfectly and does not get in the way with your fingers. Makes the ring snug and stays in place. Love it! Great product. Thank you!
You can choose the one from a variety which fits your fingers best. i have been using this for a month now. so far no complaints!
"Would never purchase again.

Product uncomfortable and virtually of no use. Metal ring guards work much better.

Although the product itself  did not suit me, all other aspects of the company were fine."
my wife says that they need to be a little thinner. the thickness was too big and made it a bit uncomfortable.
These work and are very inexpensive. I have lost one of them because I was carrying in several bags and it slipped off while I was putting the bags down. But if you find the one that fits the ring correctly they work and are worth a couple dollars.
I ordered her a new wedding set that happened to be too big (about a size and a half) and these have worked really well at keeping the new rings on her finger
I gave it three stars because it keeps my ring from twisting around and slipping on my finger but it caused a corn on my finger. It does the job. I wouldn't recommend this product to anyone.
I thought this was overpriced for receiving 6 little pieces of plastic.  And I thought it was hard to put on the ring.  I ended up going to the hardware store and buying some plastic tubing for 29 cents a foot and created my own temporary ring sizers that worked much better.
"These are OK for a temporary ring sizing fix, but they're big, thick plastic and are very uncomfortable on your hand. you're better off getting your ring resized."
"Very good for those with large knuckles. These are easy
to put on or take off while you wear your ring(s)."
Really liked the fit and how it was not noticeable.  It was comfortable and could not even tell it was on.  I could always show off my ring and it was not always falling to the side!!!  Definately a great buy!
"Does the job exactly as it says it will! Kept ring in place, comes in all different sizes and does the job right."
like the variety of width  solved my ring problem  don't like the word requirements expected on this rating  boo boo
"These fit over the ring very well, and there are multiple sizes so if your ring is a bit thicker or skinny, I am sure you will find the size you need. The only problem is the thickness of the pastic, they are all the same thickness, it would be nicer if there were different thickness so the ring would fit tighter on my finger."
"its ok comparing to its price.but it gets loose after 2nd use.i still have those.fits perfectly..but have to be careful while washing hands..
liked it anyway..."
"They didn't work on my wedding ring. They were also too thick. I thought they looked like they work well, but it wasn't to be."
Work great and they give you lots of them so you are sure to get the right one that works for you
They do the job for the most part.. They have many for different sizes which i love. I just wish it wasn't so bulky feeling..
"These ring snuggies have solved a lot of problems for me.  My hands swell during warm weather and shrink dramatically in cold weather, changing my ring size by about a size and a half.  These plastic sizers slip onto the bottom of the shank of the ring and can be removed at any time when I need a bigger size.  I don't like spending money on sizing my rings only to have them be too small and not fit, or too loose and falling off.  This product eliminates those problems."
I have purchased ring snuggies before but the only reason I rate this as a four is that they wear out over time and they have more big sizes than smaller. I cannot complain though I need to get my ring resized and am very grateful. I would recommend.
i'm still dumbfounded i bought these ...if i had of gone to the hardware store and bought a foot of the same diameter size tubing i wouldn't have even paid as much as i did with these...that or fish tank clear tubing for a water circulator.
"These are great on oversized rings.  I just felt that the shape of them are not very comfortable when wearing them.  There are a couple of ""flat"" ones among them that are a little more comfortable - they should include more of those shaped ones in the packet.  The circular ones don't work quite as well, in my opinion."
"Cheap quality, none of the sizes fit properly, ring and snuggle slid around on finger. Overall purchase was very disappointed."
Perhaps I should have looked into this item a bit more before I purchased.  It seems that all these are is pieces of clear plastic tubing with a slice down the middle of it.  I could have went into my basement and made one for my wife in 30 seconds instead of waiting a week for it to get here.  5 stars because...well...they actually do what they advertise!
"These things are really hard to get on and off, so unless you sleep in your rings every night (ie, rarely take them off) they are simply impractical. Only wore for two days. They are comfortable. Only worked for two rings - was not able to get it around both bands and the engagement ring."
Wife needed them for some rings she has that would not fit her and these really do the job and fit nice and are comfortable too
Very uncomforable.  I needed it to keep together my wedding band and engagement ring while making them more snug.  It did the trick but the ones that actually fit were very uncomfortable. You could feel the plastic hitting your other fingers all day drove me nuts.  I finally gave up and got my ring sized.
No good item I I  don't have any more to say junk one two three four five six seven eight
"These are great. I had quite a collection of rings, but weight loss made them too big. These worked wonders! Small price to pay for being able to wear all my rings, again. Saved lots of $ by not going to a jeweler!"
uncomfortable. Falls off. pinches finger! I would rather wrap a string around my ring 40 times to make it fit rather than wear one of these. I returned it 2 days later.
Really keeps the rings from slipping on your fingers.  With the assortment you can wear various size rings in comfort.
Very fast shipping.  The only thing I don't like is they are thicker than I thought they would be.  The product could be more flexible.
got this for my annoying fiancee they were bulky and the space opened up but probably because she was messing with it.
"For the price, these ring adjusters are OK. I have found them to be uncomfortable and difficult to get on the ring. I suggest putting them on the ring prior to putting the ring on your finger!  I could only use 2 of the sizes in the package; the others are just too big and bulky."
It was exactly what it was described to be.  Got the product in an appropriate time.. all is good.  Thanks!
"The product works for sure.  But using the smallest size, it just fit without being too tight.  I wish there were smaller options as well."
Did what I wanted them to.  Would buy again.  Don't stain or degrade.  Nice price and not very noticible.  Helps when losing weight.
"These are really thick- I would only suggest getting these if your ring is HUGE- if you just have a little wiggle room, these aren't the sizers for you.

I've lost about ten pounds so it's tough to keep my rings on. I put on the smallest sizer and I couldn't get them past my knuckle.

Another problem? When I got one on I was out and about and while digging for something in a pocket it caught one something and popped off.

Rats!"
"I loved this product because now I can wear any of my rings with comfort, and without worry that they might fall off or get lost.  I love they come in different sizes to fit different rings, as well as the difference in size of my fingers."
"These do keep the ring from spinning once they are in place.  However, they are meant to be put on after the ring is already on your finger, and that was quite difficult.  It was nice to get assorted sizes in one package so you could find the right fit."
"I didn't find them to work unless the ring is way, way too big. If you can get them on the ring they are uncomfortable. I regret buying them, live and learn. I'll just get the rings sized at the jeweler."
"Ring Snuggies work just great as long as you don't have to wash your hands several times a day[isolation for a month;visiting].You have to take it off the ring,take the ring off and then afterwards you repeat the process;putting ring on then snuggie. If you just need them for going out and want to wear a ring that is too big;then they would work for that."
"Yes, they work. I wear one wrapped around both my engagement and wedding rings and they stay comfortably in place.

The only problem is that the plastic doesn't wrap completely around which leaves a gap for soap, lotion, and filth to collect. This would be a better product if an enclosure of some sort was attached to the piece."
"Product certainly works as stated, but its still just a basic fix for the problem.  If your ring is precious to you, you probably should just get it resized so it fits correctly to begin with.  The product is inexpensive enough and works as stated."
This does not do what it claims to do. After wearing it for a hour my ring was as lose as ever. After wearing it a couple of hours it fell not. Save your money it does not work.
This little piece of tubing that fits over the back of the ring works amazingly well to keep the rings in place and they do not come off. The plastic tubing is a little bulky but the ability to wear the ring makes it worth while.
"Iknow some women do not like the feel of these. however,I have fingers that swell sometimes from a medication. You can't re-size your rings constantly so I find that these work well.  In fact I have purchased some rings a full size bigger.  I wear them on the  middle finger or wear them on my 3d finger with a ring sizer. I order them 3 packs at a time."
"The product did exactly what it said it would. it makes my ring fit, and is not all that uncomortable. takes a little getting used to but it works!"
"Not much more you can say.  It fits well onto several different rings, and holds them in place.  After a weight loss, rings were getting loose and falling off.  These keep them on, and are a much better alternative than resizing."
"Works ok, but I can go to Lowe's Home Improvement and but the same product by the foot and cut myself."
I recently paid a lot of money having two rings sized. Who knew that this product would do the same thing at a fraction of the cost. Very happy.
"My order was delivered promptly and professionally by the seller.  The ring snuggie is a good product for individuals who have large knuckles. Nonetheless, when washing your hands, make sure you wash the snuggie thoroughly as debris may collect within the center of the snuggie."
"I need an adjuster for a wide band. The adjusters I bought only fit a ring that narrows on the back/under side of the ring. I thought the various sizes would include one that was for that kind of ring. I did manage to put the largest size on the ring but it came off during the day.  The product works fine for rings of narrow width. Nothing wrong with the product, just not the product I needed.
Would love to know of an adjuster for a wide band. Thanks."
Ring Snuggies are far from snuggie. They are way to bulky and they hurt your finger. They are very uncomfortable. I bought these for my husbands ring and he doesn't like it at all. I even tried it on and it is not worth it. The only good thing is that they do help with tighting of the ring but it is not worth the money or greif to deal with this.
"After fighting to get the piece on the ring it fell off when i put the ring on,I was hoping these would work."
"I had a hard time keeping the snuggie around my ring and keeping the ring on my finger, didn't really seem to fit rings properly, not very comfortable to wear, tended to get snagged on things including my hair."
Is this the perfect solution?  No but it seems the perfect solution has not yet been invented.  The ring snuggies did work as well as promised.  I have a three band wedding set that was a bit big since I've lost weight.  The bands used to move around too much.  The ring snuggie helped with both problems.  My only complaint is that it is a bit too tight sometimes and can make my finger look fat.  I'm hoping it will eventually conform more to my finger and stretch out a bit. In the meantime its better than nothing.
"As I lose weight, this product is the perfect solution for my wedding rings to continue to fit.  Thanks for the multiple sizes!"
"These ring adjusters are not worth the price.  Most women's rings have a small band and package only has 1 or 2 in the whole package.  Even then, with a heavy stone, they tend to slide around or come off altogether and get lost.  Would not recommend these at all."
"These are terrible! You can buy tubing at a hardware store and make your own so you can see how bad these are. Cut a piece of tubing and then make a slit  long ways. That is all they are. The first day the tubing fell off my ring 3 times. I used them on 3 rings. The others didn't fall off, but the tubing constantly spins around the rings so the tubing is on top trying to walk up over the stones. You have to adjust them all day long! Go to a jeweler and get the metal kind. They will put them on and they work much better. That is what I am going to do!!"
"Ring Snuggies,a bit cumbersome,and found them a bit lumpy.
Sorry but I would prefer something that would fit without
being annoying to my fingers."
The order was sent on time and was great. When I put the snuggie on the back of the ring I can always feel it. I really don't like the feel. This product may work for you. They are cheap so no big deal.
These are great esp for those like me who have my fingers that get loose. I enjoy these because they come in different sizes and it adds a bit of security that my ring is not going to accidentially slip off.
"I tried it to see if it would hold my wedding band and engagement ring together. I don't want to solder them. The ring snuggles are SO bulky I would never wear them on a regular basis. Also, for this purpose your two rings would also have to be too big on your finger because the snuggies are meant to make the ring size smaller. So for this purpose they get a 1. For costume jewelry you want to wear every so often these might be more practical."
My order didn't come. I contacted the comp. They replaced my order. I was disappointed with the cheap rubber that keep coming off my ring. I tried even melting it together. Not good would not waste your money!
These are fabulous!  After a few minutes you don't notice these on. i love that I can wear rings that have been handed down  to me without the risk of being damaged if proffesionally sized.
These snuggles are cheap and they get the job done. They are deff innately worth the money. I love them <3
"The variety of sizes was great, but once on, it kept popping off.  I ended up taking the ring back to the jewelers to have jewelers beads put in."
"I ordered these ""snuggies"" because my engagement ring is a little loose, and while me fiancee says I should get it sized, I am hesitant to do something permanent to the ring until I at least see how it stays on with a properly sized wedding band also on the finger. I remember seeing a product like this in catalogs when I was younger, and a quick search found this product. It is very economical and I can't complain about shipping - they arrived in just a few days. I am disappointed more in the material and size - though these are supposed to be ""assorted sizes,"" only the center hole to fit the actual ring is different in size. The diameter of all of the pieces is about equal. They are also on the thick side - I did manage to get one on my finger and my ring is definitely not going anywhere now, but it's a little uncomfortably tight.

Now, if you have a big heavy fashion ring (I have a few Fossil rings that I could only find in size 7 and are huge on me), this are a great solution. Paying a jeweler to size a $30 ring would be crazy, and they are big enough that the snuggies are practically unnoticeable on my finger. I would only recommend these if your ring is at least a full size too big."
Works very well on rings that are larger than finger. Does not come off. Difficult to apply.  Recommend this product.
"When I received my ring spacers/protector they arrived very quickly.  Mine were for a man's ring almost all of them were too small, next the only one that fit cut off my circulation and really tore up my finger at the same time. They are made of really hard plastic with sharp edges which dig in. I would of expected softer plastic.  I ended up using tape and threw the rest of them away..;("
"they do not work. My knuckles are enlarged because of arthitis but my fingers are thin now. I can still get my rings over the knuckle but they slide all over on my finger. I thought this would be the answer , but they are very, very uncomfortable. I would give this a zero."
These are pretty awesome. I was a little apprehensive about them because they look cheap but they're pretty awesome. I've been using bandaids as a crappy substitute and this is so much better! They're comfortable and they fit really well. I would definitely buy them again.
"This product works great, i needed this item to make my ring just alittle more tight and it did that perfectly and i also like that its clear so it blends with the ring color"
"I think they are just fine, especially at their price! Yes, they are a little uncomfortable and weird if you shake somebody's hand, but I have very slender fingers and I can wear my favorite rings!"
"My fiance's ring was a bit too big but we didn't want to get it resized because we may need it to sit higher up on the wedding bands. So until we get that figured out, I bought these and they are great! She says they are very comfortable, after a while you don't feel anything on there, and now I don't have to worry about that expensive ring flying off her finger and getting lost! Great buy, highly recommend!"
Just what my husband needs to be able to wear his wedding band again after losing weight. Thank you so much!
"El producto enviado fue exactamente el mismo que se ve en la imagen, lo recibi en el tiempo prometido y en excelente estado, lo recomiendo."
great concept but bulky on the bottom so it scratched me.  I guess it did it's job as a temp fix.  Just went and had my ring sized now I'm happy.
"As the title suggests, Ring Snuggies work fine! They were the best alternative to re-sizing that I could find. They were somewhat uncomfortable, but again, the best thing I could fine. The LEAST UNcomfortable, so to speak. I wouldn't use this long-term, but it served my purposes -- to keep my ring from slipping off during a week-long beach vacation. Plus, I plan on keeping them around in my jewelry box for other opportunities until they get lost or break somehow. The pack comes with varying sizes and thicknesses, so the chances are higher of one of them working for your ring type. I my experience, these were worth the money. Good luck!"
I order them & they are too thick they bother me I have to keep taking it off I order another one that its the shape of the ring curves and it doesn't bother me at all.
Good temporary fix for your rings. I would not recommend wearing it for longer than 2 months. It doesn't hurt your finger but its always in the way if you want to shake somebody's hand or simply wash your hands with soap.
When I ordered this I thought I was getting the assorted sizes package that was pictured.  I was sent the jumbo assorted sizes package.  This may work for a man's ring but not for a woman's ring.  I would send it back but not worth the expense.
Good buy...exactly what i needed. Assorted size for all ring widths and much cheaper online than at retail store prices.
"I recently received my grandmother's wedding ring to wear, but it was about one size too big. And one of these snuggies makes it feel perfect! I didn't want to get the ring resized because it has such great sentimental value. Last time I had a ring resized, it shattered, and I would certainly not want that to happen to this ring! The snuggies take a few minutes to get used to. They felt a little bulky at first and they might look a bit odd on the underside of your hand, but they work great.

The only issue I can see for some is that the snuggies are all the same thickness. What they mean by different sizes is the width/thickness of your ring. Some have larger holes in them to fit thicker rings, but the thickness of the snuggie itself is the same.

Also, the package says they can be put on while the ring is on your finger, but I couldn't do that. I had to take it off to put on the snuggie.

Hope this helps!"
I bought a ring that was a size too big.  I saw the snuggies online and decided to buy them and see if they worked.  They make my ring fit perfectly and stay in place on the ring. I am very satisfied!  I will definitely buy again and recommend them to others.
Works well! I bought this because i'm trying to decide whether or not to solder my e-ring and wedding ring. I'm glad I got the assorted pack because the sizes are very different! My only complaint is I wish there were multiples of the same size.
"I needed to size down my engagement ring by about 1.5 sizes.  The ring snuggie is exactly right.  I do not find it uncomfortable at all.  I can feel it on my hand but it doesn't bother me.  In fact, it makes me feel more secure knowing my ring is not going to slip off.  Prior to finding the snuggie I could not wear my ring at all, because the style is such that I could not have it sized down by a jeweler.  I am very grateful for the ring snuggie."
"They are very clunky so if you need an emergency hold for a special occasion, these will be fine. I imagine if you have a piece of jewelry you don't wear every day and don't want to adjust it, get them for that one time you want to wear it. But they are not OK for everyday use. It's just inconvenient. Washing my hands, soap got in them and then it's hard to get the water out of the loops. And it's comfortable, but not unnoticeable."
"I'm not sure I understand the reviewers who gave this a poor rating. For a few bucks, this item does precisely what it purports to do and looks exactly like the pictures. It is a small clear plastic tube that goes the underside of your ring. I did not find it difficult to slip onto my ring (which I did while it was off) and while the tubing is quite thick all around, it does the trick, which is to keep the ring from falling off by reducing the size. It does not keep the ring from turning. The various assorted sizes refers to the inside of the tubing -- meaning for various thicknesses of bands. One nice surprise is that two of the tubes were for squarer (as opposed to cylindrical bands) and that is what I have. My boyfriend and I went with a ring that because it's a woven band and from a specific Italian designer, could neither be sized nor did we want to wait for another size to arrive (in Italian time) six months from our date of purchase. So this nifty gadget allows me to wear the ring and it cost me only $3. Happy for the convenience, and not expecting massive changes to my jewellery for that small amount of money. I'm pleased and wished I'd learned about this invention earlier. Also the seller I bought it from on Amazon, QualityDeals, shipped it super fast and well packed."
the delivery was fast and prompt. the rings adjusters are amazing. you cannot feel them at all. they are perfect. my boyfriend has small fingers so they helped greatly. my size 6 ring is now a size 5. very well done.
These are a waste of money. I tried the smallest size for an antique ring and it would not stay on.  I'm very disappointed. It would cost too much to return (compared to the purchase price) so into the trash they will go.
Bought these for the wife. She hasn't tried them yet. I wrote this review so I would stop receiving the emails to do so!
"As others have mentioned, it's really just some plastic tubing... nothing really special but it does work.
They feel awkward to wear, you are constantly aware that the piece of plastic is there, not just your ring.

Regardless, they do help by doing exactly as advertised.

Would I buy them again... unlikely.  I would probably just get the ring re-sized."
"Before getting these I had lost my ring within a day and a half of getting it. Needless to say, losing my engagement ring was not an option and I didn't want to not have it while it was resized (plus, sometimes it fits, sometimes it doesn't). After finding the right ""snuggie"" size I have not had an issue since. There are a variety of different sizes in this pack and even some that will work with two rings (i.e. engagement ring and wedding band) together.

The only problem is that when I go to rub my face or push my hair back the edges of the plastic can kinda scratch my skin, or the place where the plastic is separated from itself can catch my hair (not very frequently though as you can place that part against your hand rather than facing out).

But, all in all, it works very well. I would highly recommend it- especially if your hands swell and shrink with changes in temperature. I never have had to take it off because it's just the right size even with the swelling. It's just enough to keep it on your hand and not strangle your fingers. It's perfect!"
"I purchased this product for my fiance and unfortunately the Ring Snuggies did not ""work"" at all.  It was very difficult to put a snuggy on her ring without the ring being on her finger, and it was downright impossible to put the snuggy on the ring with it on her finger.  Further, the only snuggies we were able to ""activate"" - put on a ring without it being on her finger - were the three largest of the six in the pack.  We were completely unable to affix any of the three smallest snuggies on either of her rings with which we were testing the snuggies.

I'm appreciative of the following things:
1. The total cost of this product, including shipping, was under $6.
2. My fiance and friends have a new expression/ metaphor, thanks to our experience with this product:
""_____ was worse than a Ring Snuggie!  It was terrible""
""At least _____ isn't a Ring Snuggie."""
"<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Ring-Snuggies-Ring-Sizer-Assorted-Sizes-Adjuster-Set-of-Six-Per-Pack/dp/B006O0YXNU/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Ring Snuggies ~ Ring Sizer / Assorted Sizes Adjuster Set of Six Per Pack</a>&nbsp;and B0014DGXU8, Original Ring Adjusters which comes in different sizes per pack.  I bought these from Amazon, as well as 'yellow gold' metal ring adjusters last November.  It was very cold inside the supermarket last fall; I lost another ring three times because my fingers shrank, but did nothing about trying these until last night when, with the advent of premature Spring (so far,) my thick ring began twisting on me.
The assortment offers these plastic findings in round shapes, with a round i.d. and o.d. as well as the one(s) I have tried, which are more elliptical than round.  The shape on the inside of each is also elliptical.
At first, my eyes being what they are, I only saw the larger of two, and tried it, but after a night of being too conscious of it when I awoke to turn over, I checked the card contents, and found the smaller one.
My ring finger knuckle has always been large, but I had no difficulty installing the finding on the ring after I was already wearing it.  And voila!  it feels so much better that I plan on not being aware of it at all.
I have several rings, bought from the Q before the economy hit the fan (which means I bought my jewelry ""right,"") and no doubt will require more of these for them.  It was always difficult for me to order the correct size for the intended finger.  My late father was in the business, and I have a sizer in a box somewhere, but check out this department; Amazon has a tiny tape measure just for measuring fingers.  (I have a man's hand, and cannot wear women's gloves, but small to medium men's gloves do the trick.)
I do wonder if the plastic wears out after some time.  I will not be purposefully sleeping with those other rings, but even with regular every-day use. . .  Will I need to order more today to account for planned obsolescence later?
(For the uninitiated, the word ""findings"" means something to those in the trade.  Small pieces like these, pierced earring attachments, chain extenders, clasps, et.al. are known by that term.)
Thanks, Amazon, for the RINGie dingies."
"This was a waste of money.  They were too fat, too long, too hard to get on my rings.  Even after I finally got them on my ring it was so bulky I could't close my hand into a fist.  Don't waste your money.  I read a review that said the same thing but decided to give it a shot anyway.  Bad idea!"
"I was in a bind. My fiancee's ring was a whole 1 ring size too big. She actually lost it when we went skiing in the snow. Miraculously we found it! However I didn't want to have that happen to us again so I bought these as a stop gap solution until we got married or we resized the ring.

Pros:
- Kept the ring securely on her finger

Cons:
- It was a bit too secure and unfortunately she had a hard time dealing with it.
- It's not very easy to slip on or off.
- The thickness of the plastic pieces are all the same. This means that the different pieces don't help you if your ring is +0.5 or +1.5. It just adjusted for the same amount and in our cases even with a whole 1.0 ring size difference it was still too large!
- Plastic piece gets dirty after a while.

I would only think about this as a safe stop-gap solution until you get a more permanent resizing."
I have very small fingers but big knuckles. The very smallest of these snuggies was huge. I need something thin and narrow to fit my small ring and fingers. Help!
"I bought the Ring Snuggies after I lost the baby weight from having my son. I have no clue why I lost weight in my fingers but I did. Before going out and getting my rings re-sized I thought I would give it some time. In the mean time, I needed a solution to keep my rings from sliding off and possibly losing them.

I tried a couple of options first:

- I tied string around them under my finger and it worked, but it looked awful. I didn't think it would be noticable, but apparently I talk with my hands and this makes it very visible!
- I also tried a product similar to this:<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Sizing-Ring-Guard/dp/B0028BSEOI/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Sizing Ring Guard</a>. Once again, it worked, but it looked terrible as you could see the sizer on the sides. Also, it began collecting ""grime"" between the sizer and the ring. I don't wear my rings while showering or washing my hands so I'm not sure how it happened, but it did. Disgusting!

My final attempt was the Ring Snuggie. It has worked like a charm! I'd like to warn that if your ring(s) have a thick band, you might want to get the ""Jumbo Ring Snuggies"" My engagement ring and wedding band put together are 6mm and the largest snuggie in the pack barely fits. Although, I think it may have stretched a little over the past month so it works just fine now. Other reviews have mentioned that their rings cannot be put on or taken off with the Snuggie already on and I have found the same thing. It's slightly inconvenient if you are taking your rings on/off all day long like me, but you get used to it and better at it. The deciding factor for me is that the Ring Snuggie is clear. I'm sure if someone was starring or if you pointed it out, they would see it but when you're just waving your hands around while talking (like many women do! haha), it's not noticeable.

Overall, it's a good product and in my opinion the best option out there for ring sizers. Eventually I will get my rings re-sized if needed, but this is a good temporary fix. I'd recommend it to others."
This package comes with about 6 different sizes in the package.  They are clear pvc and are flexable.  The perfect size for my ring was not included but there were a couple that were close enough.  They will work as a short term fix as I lose weight so that I don't have to get my ring sized to keep from losing it.  They are not something you would want to use forever because they add bulk to the back of the ring and aren't as comfortable.
I purchased this as a gift for my mom and she said that they work very well and fit her rings great.  She gave me one of the ring snuggies to try on one of my rings and they work great.  They are just like they are described and you get a few sizes so you can choose which one fits your ring best to get a comfortable fit.
it wasn't much to risk so I tried it. I find it hard to believe anyone would find this comfortible to wear for very long - I tried it for a couple weeks before taking it off.
I bought these to size a promise ring my boyfriend got me for christmas so I didn't have to pay for expensive sizing and I'm very pleased! You can't even tell they are on your finger and are very comfortable and easy to put on and take off. Great product and a cheap alternative!
"I read all the reviews about this product and was a little hesitant. Yes, it is true, the Ring Snuggies are little pieces of inexpensive plastic -- but the bottom line is they work. It only takes a second to put them on and it instantly solves the problem of having a ring travel all over your finger, or come off. If you have a ring you've been wanting to wear but are afraid of losing, this is a quick, practical fix. You can be wearing your ring five seconds after opening the package of Ring Snuggies."
"Difficult to fit the snuggie onto the ring, but they seem to roll off during wear. I've lost half the package within a month."
Love these.  Now I can wear costume jewelry!  My fingers are tiny and these snuggies allow me to wear funky rings without having to keep an eye on them :)
"These were purchased for an elderly relative whose fingers have shrunk.  She wanted to keep wearing her various rings.  All these ring snuggies are is a collection of various sizes of short lengths of clear vinyl tubing like the airline tubing for tropical fish.  You just find the slit and put them on the ring.  Even though she had worn the rings for decades and is quite inactive, she reported that the snuggies did not stay on.  We tried all the smaller sizes in the pack without success.  They would be especially inappropriate for a wide ring considering the size of plastic tubing required.  If your ring is too large and has any value to you, it is best to take it to a jeweler for a professional metal size reducer before you lose it, or wear on a chain."
"These do what they are intended to do, it takes a little to get accustomed to them but they do help."
"My mom has issues with big knuckles but small fingers.  For her rings to fit, she has to have a large size to go over her knuckles but then it slides around.  With this on her ring, she can once again wear her wedding ring."
"These work for not very long. If you pick something up sometimes they pop off. They are hard to put on too and they feel okay, but fall off once you have worn them for a while."
"FOR THE FIRST TIME IN ALMOST 3 YEARS I CAN AGAIN WEAR MY WEDDING RING, THANKS TO YOUR PRODUCT.
IT IS A SHAME TO WASTE THE OTHER 4 PIECES; TOO BAD YOU DON'T OFFER INDIVIDUAL SIZED PACKAGED, WITH 5 OF THE SAME...
PERHAPS SOON...LOVE IT."
these only fit around rings with skinny bands. it's so frustrating trying to shove my rings inside one of these things and the tubes are so thick they look clumsy and cheap.
There needs to be a way to adust the sizes because my ring still turns around. They are are okay.
Just spend the money to get your ring properly sized... I found this item to be irritating and just silly.
"I started loosing enough weight it showed in my fingers and unfortunately it was the finger which I wore a very special ring. So now, thanks to these important little items, I can save a very precious item and keep it close to my body at all times without being concerned that I will loose it. Thanks so much for a great item as it has saved me tons of money in having something resized again."
"I purchased these ring snuggies at Walmart (vs. Amazon).  They are the exact same snuggies, only Walmart's price is just $3.00!  You can find them in any Walmart's jewelry department.  These really do work great.  I, like other reviewers, have to have my rings a little larger to fit over my knuckle.  However, once the ring is over the knuckle, the ring will then be too big and twirl around my finger.  These snuggies solve the problem perfectly.  The package will come with six different size snuggies.  The key to having them work properly is to pick the right size for the ring's band width.  If you do this, then you should be able to wear your ring just fine.  I would definitely recommend this product as a quick and easy way to make your rings fit.  If you can't find them at Walmart, then ordering them through Amazon still seems like a reasonable deal, especially with free shipping."
"I previously left a review of this product because I think it's just fantastic! Brilliant and simple fix. In fact, I have ordered this item multiple times and been very happy with the service!"
"These are nothing I would ever recommend.  When you put them on you're ring, it is like having a lump of something in you're hand when you grab something or make a fist.  I wish I had never wasted my money on these."
"If you only need your ring to be 1/2 - 1 size smaller these won't work.  These are for rings that are really way too big, not rings that are only slightly too big.  I went back to using a band-aid cut in half and wrapping that around the ring."
"I was excited to receive these because my wedding band is just a little too big and I don't always like to wear my engagement ring when I'm working just to make sure the band doesn't slip off. However when I got these, they were WAY too thick. I'd say my wedding band is maybe 1/2 to 1 size too big and putting even the smallest snuggie on made it way too tight and practically cut off circulation. Also, they were very difficult to put on/get off (especially after the ring is on your finger) even if you soak them in hot water to soften them up. I was quite disappointed with ring snuggies."
"I was disappointed with the items.  They are too hard to actually open up and place on the ring.  I had to have my fiancee actually slip it on the ring because the slit opening that is supposed to stretch open to go around the ring would not budge. This was true for all ring sizes, from the smallest to the big one.  What a pain to put on!
I also found it that they are too hard and bulky and uncomfortable to the touch.
Not satisfied with them at all."
"Received these the other day in the mail. They are ok, but makes the ring too tight. A little uncomfortable at times. I'm trying a spring ring guard next to see if that is any better."
"I just got my ring snuggies and now I don't have to worry about my ring falling off.  Some are a little harder to get on a ring than others, but I knew that going in.  So glad I ordered this.  My wedding band has been slipping off in my sleep lately and now I do not need to worry about it.  Easy on and easy off so I can still take off the ring in the shower."
Great price for a useful product. Multiply sizes and band shapes to help keep your jewelry where it should be.
I just needed something to get me by for a week or so before I take my ring in to be sized and these seemed like the thing I needed. I just received them and have had one on for 3 hours and it works great. I slipped it on before putting my ring on my finger. No pinching or scratching. For the price you can't beat it.
"I've lost almost 200 lbs so all my rings are huge. Instead of getting all of them sized I tried this first. WOW now my rings fit perfectly and I don't have to invest in getting them made smaller, which was going to cost me about $30.00 per ring. The metal ring sizers scratch your rings up really bad and they actually scratch your finger and hurt. I don't like those. Plus they cost about $8.00 each. I placed my order for these on 6/24 and received them 6/28. Now that is what I call very fast delivery. I will buy again from this company again. Their service is excellent."
"The snuggies work. Yet, they need sizes that are not so thick. Sometime just need a little to keep ring snug"
"incredibly uncomfortable when worn, and it didn't do that great of a job keeping the ring on my wife's finger.  chucked them in the garbage as a lesson learned.  save your money and get your ring sized by a jeweler."
I guess I should have listened to the low reviews of this product. I received the ring snuggies today and am very disappointed with them. I should have gone to the hardware store and bought a piece of aquarium tubing. These are a total joke and I'm so sorry I suckered myself into buying them. Don't waste your money......
"The Ring Snuggies do exactly what I wanted. My fiance guessed a little too large on my engagement ring, and the snuggie keeps my ring snugly on my finger (and keeps it from spinning around) until we can get it resized. I was afraid to get a metal resizer, since I've read that those can scratch your ring. With the snuggies, you just pop it on there (easier if you warm the plastic in your hand first). I have found that I usually have to have my ring off to put the snuggie on instead of being able to put the snuggie on my ring while it's on my finger. It's not a big deal for me, but for people with really big or arthritic knuckles, it might be uncomfortable to force the tightened ring back on over their knuckles. I have not found the plastic to be bothersome, as other reviewers have mentioned, but the sides of the plastic can scratch if you're not careful. I was already used to that with my diamond, so it really hasn't caused me a problem. As another reviewer mentioned, water can get in the snuggie when you wash your hands, so you do have to watch that, but I just use a paper towel and it sucks out the water by capillary action. No biggie. As for it being ""just a cheap piece of plastic that you could make yourself,"" well, of course I could. I recognize that I'm paying for convenience. It does the job I wanted and for a price I can easily afford. I have no real complaints about this product and would buy it again."
"very difficult to get it on my ring, both on and off of my finger, even though it says to put it on with the ring on"
"Work great, but tends to turn a yellowish color after a few weeks of wearing which is not too attractive.  Very comfortable though."
"A nice product. I recomend it because is useful for it purpose.  Try it or buy it. Again, buy it."
"The ring wraps are cheap but easy to loose. I got a package of and I already lost two. They ok to wear and I you need it then buy a package of a 100 counts. You might not loose your ring (that probably worth to save and keep) but be ready to loose your ring wrappers, guards, snuggies or whatever you want to call it."
This product is a great solution for a couple rings that I love and haven't been able to wear! Now they fit comfortabley. Very affordable!
"My engagement and wedding rings are not soldered so they often spin based on how swollen my fingers are at any given moment.  I was hoping I'd find a ring adjuster that allowed me to fit the two bands in one adjuster so they'd stay put and not spin. I can fit both rings into one of the Snuggies, but the Snuggie is so thick I can't get it and the rings back onto my finger. A hard plastic adjuster that is thinner and can accommodate two thin bands is something I'm still looking for."
"I bought the ring snuggies in order to resize my engagement ring. i have small fingers so the only one that would fit was the smallest size. was not able to put any of them on while the ring was on my finger, had to take the ring off and pop it on that way. when its on the plastic edge digs into my skin and its so bulky that i can feel it the whole time. it feels unnatural and i found it pretty annoying after a few days and had to take it off. i rather have my ring turn from side to side then feel the bulky plastic snuggie digging into my finger.
It's a very simple product and it does work but its to much of a hassle and way to uncomfortable."
I ordered ring snuggies the other day because my wedding ring kept sliding off my finger. I do not take my ring off at all so I ordered your product to eleveate that problem. It works Great and I could not be more pleased. A whole lot cheaper than having the ring sized. I reccomend it!
"Yes, having one of these pieces of plastic tubing on my ring prevents it from slipping off my finger, so they work as advertised. The design (or materials), though, could use work. The tubing is thick, and thus sticks out from the bottom of my finger. It's also pretty noticeable. Finally, the edges are very sharp. I cut my forehead accidentally when I was running my fingers through my hair. I'd hate to be shaking hands with someone and scratch their palm. I wore one of these for a day and then gave up as I could just not adjust to it. At least they were cheap."
"The assortment fits different ring sizes - but only for rings that aren't over 7/8 of an inch - a disappointment.  I had a couple of new rings that were slipping off my fingers, and found the largest size in the assortment did fit one of the rings - and worked fairly well.  My only complaint is that the ring itself, as well as the ring snuggie, sometimes moves around my finger as I wear it.  It's a band ring, with the stone set in it quite flat and narrower than the band, so the whole thing slides.  And this means that I occasionally look down and find I am wearing a snuggie visible on my finger (a thick piece of plastic - not all that attractive), sitting next to the stone, or (when the stone itself slips around to the inside) I am wearing a snuggie instead of the stone.  I really need to go to a jeweler and get these rings sized.

But for a ring with a larger stone (one that would not slip around the finger so easily), the snuggie might well have worked.  I didn't have the trouble others reported getting it on - but I did hold it in the palm of my hand a while to warm it up first, as one of the reviewers suggested."
"These guards do not maintain their shape due to any type of heat your hands are involved in.  The guards often slide off.
Metal is better.  Will never purchase these again!"
"The seller is really communicative and a fast shipper!

This product comes with a variety pack of ring snuggies in several sizes. My ring is very thin so I used the smallest snuggie and it made it quite snug.  I've only worn it for a day because the edges of the snuggie irritate my fingers.  I wish the plastic was thinner (not quite so snug) and the edges were beveled or softened.  The plastic (after only one day) is still very stiff.  I will try to heat it with my hair dryer to make it more comfortable.

Works to make your ring fit snugly--Yes
Comfortable--Not for me
Other--This product is a variety of sizes of snuggies.  If you only need one size this is not the product for you.  If you need various sizes, you will love it.<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Ring-Snuggies-THE-ORIGINAL-RING-ADJUSTERS/dp/B0014DGXU8/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Ring Snuggies ""THE ORIGINAL RING ADJUSTERS""</a>"
"These tubes are hard, unwielding plastic. They vary in length (which you can cut down) but not really in thickness - which is the variety you need to tighten the fit of your ring.
If you manage to find the size tube that works for you, after a few minutes you may find it very uncomfortable. If the plastic were softer or more pliable, they might be tolerable but instead it feels as if you have a stone or pebble in your hand, wedged between your ring and finger. Ironically, it feels exactly like when your ring turns and the stone is facing your palm - the very problem I bought these to solve."
"I didn't expect much from these, but they work fairly well. I usually have the sizer above my hand and visible rather than below it, as I have to use the jumbo one and it can get somewhat irritating. If I want to go anywhere and don't want the sizer visible, I'll just put it on the bottom and it's not too much of an inconvenience. I'm satisfied with them and had no problems."
"It's not very comfortable, very thick and pretty hard to get on. But quite honestly, for the price they are worth it. They do the job and that's what I bought them for. I lost a lot of weight and went down a ring size. Now my engagement ring doesn't flip completely around when I'm using my hands, and it doesn't feel like it's going to fall off."
The snuggies are too hard to get on and they are too bulky.  I did not need to adjust the size very much and even the smallest one was to bulky.
Product does what it's supposed to do. Purchased for my mother her hands swell and go back to normal. when her hands are normal she wears the sizers when her hands swell she takes them off. This allows her to wear rings all the time. Good product for the price. Recived the item quickley no problems.
They work well. They were a little hard to get on at first and it took a while to figure out what worked but now it is all good. I'm glad I found them.
"Like others, I have arthritic fingers.  And so I need a ring that will fit over the knuckles.  When it finally comes to rest where the finger meets the hand, I have gone from a size 6 or 7 (knuckles) to a 5 or 5-1/2.  So my rings flop around and drive me crazy.  I always put the ring on first.  Then spread apart the Snuggie a bit and put it over the ring shank, slit side down, of course.  Then push it on, being sure both ends of the slit are on the ring shank.  Then, spin that Snuggie around the ring shank so the cut side is to the outside.  This assures it won't come off.  I don't notice the Snuggie on my finger after awhile.  When my mother reached her 90's, she insisted on wearing her gorgeous estate rings (which I now have!) and we used the Snuggies to keep them on her very thin and frail fingers.  I have tried just about every way to keep rings from twisting, and these Snuggies are the best (and for the price).  Don't give up on them.  It takes a bit to master them!  I love my rings and refuse to let them sit in a jewelry box because they don't fit quite right."
"Serves the purpose. Did not hurt me and ring stayed in place. However you have to put it after you put the ring on your finger, and that's kind of a pain."
I got this for my husband's wedding band. The biggest snuggie was too small for normal band and it broke very fast.
"I have very small fingers and it is very hard to find rings in my size 5 or 6. The different ring adjusters worked perfect for all types of rings!
I am now able to purchase more rings!"
"This was the best thing I could have purchased 4 holding my wedding ring in place, that other ring guard would cut my skin after a while from putting it on and taking it off, my finger would get small cuts from twisting it(that was a waste), I'm happy with Ring Snuggies. I simply LOVE IT!!"
Second set I have ordered from this seller.  Friend wanted some so gave them as a gift.  Love them!!!  Thank you!!!!
It fit on my ring great. Wore one for a month before it popped off while I was working.
"This product is worthless in my opinion. It may work in some conditions, but for our needs, it fell way short of what was promised. They are too small for any larger ring size, were as cheaply made as possible, and I agree with other reviewers...just get a piece of tubing from Petsmart or a similar store to achieve the same type of results as 1/100 of the price! Don't bother with this worthless product!"
"It is not bent at all to go around the ring so it sticks way out but it short and is too painful to wear-just cheap plastic tubing with slit. I think it is more for a ring that is like 6 sizes too big but I still don't see how it could ever be comfortable. I tried it for a few hours and i scratched my face with it 3 times. It is like wedging a piece or hard plastic between the ring and your finger, so either the open edge with the sharp edges is on your finger (which is impossible) or you have to have it facing outward where you scratch everything else! Doesn't work at all."
"Want to spend the day wondering what that uncomfortable chunk of plastic on your finger is?  Then by all means buy one of these.  Yes, it will keep your ring from falling off but I'd rather not wear the ring at all then put up with these things."
"My wife and I went with wide, tungsten carbide bands for our wedding bands. I tried on a tungsten carbide ring at the jeweler to get an idea of my ring size (~7-7.5) and ended up ripping skin off of my knuckle when I tried to remove the ring. So instead I ordered a 7.5 size band. When I got it it ended up slipping off my knuckles on most colder days and hoola-hooping around my much narrower finger. Being formerly of the mechanic trade, I have knuckles that are rather much larger than the rest of my fingers and so although the 7.5 fits snugly around my knuckle, there were days when it would simply slip off and the rest of the time was very loose and uncomfortable to wear. I don't know if you've ever tried to find a ""metal"" alternative for a tungsten carbide ring sizer, but if you have or are looking, I wish you the best of luck because you're not likely to find one either on Amazon or anywhere else. Which made the ""ring snuggies"" and similar ""cheap, pvc tubing"" ring adjusters pretty much my only option.
  I got these today in the mail and I have to say that I am absolutely loving them! I had to use the largest size in the package and it doesn't fit squarely around my ring but I think that might, in its own way, be better. I flipped the snuggie once it was on my ring so that the round, uncut side of the pvc tubing faces my finger and there is absolutely no discomfort to wearing it and it fixes the annoying ""looseness"" of my ring previously. I can now wear my ring with the confidence that it won't fly off my finger if I flick my hand too hard. I would highly recommend these if you have a band that is made out of an alternative/rare metal and or a very wide band as the selection of metal resizers seems to be limited for people with similar rings."
Just a piece of tubing and it still doesn't prevent spin of the ring nor is it comfortable.  I wasted 5 dollars.
"I like the metal ones better that fit along your rings contours, these ones seem to make the ring tight against my finger and are bulky and hard to get used to."
"I bought these tring to save time from going to jeweler. I lost weight so my ring is a little loose. Rather than have to get my ring fixed again if I gain some weight back I thought I would give these a try. Awful. They pinch your finger and if you get it adjusted so that it does not pinch your finger it sweats under it as it is a soft plastic. If you get water near it, it sucks inside and it very hard to dry up. Would not recommend or maybe find a metal one."
"I laud the ""inventor/s"" of the Ring Snuggies. This is a very creative use of a vinyl  tubing. These Ring Snuggies are nothing more than vinyl tubing that has been cut into short pieces and then cut on one side lengthwise. For those who have access to flexible tubings (PVC, Tygon, etc.) of any kind (those working in labs), you can cut your own tubing. Even if you don't work in a lab, these flexible tubings are also sold in hardware stores (plumbing section). The 1/4""-OD (outer diameter) clear vinyl tubings cost less than $2 per 10 ft at hardware stores. Bigger OD tubings cost a little more.

And, yes, the advice by other reviewers of heating the Ring Snuggies works. That works for most flexible tubings. Heating (placing in hot or boiling water) them up will make them more pliable, thus easier to fit over your ring.

It's practical but not very comfortable for me to have a tubing digging into the underside of my finger. In addition, if you wear your ring all the time (gardening, cooking, washing, in the shower, etc.), dirt/scum will eventually accumulate inside the tubing. Of course, if you make your own Ring Snuggies at less than $1 per foot, it's not a big deal to throw away dirty Ring Snuggies weekly or every few weeks.

I prefer silicone that's applied on the inside of the ring. There's no hard thing protruding and digging into my finger. There's no tiny space between the ring and adjuster (since the silicone is painted over the inside of the ring) that will accumulate dirt.

I use Liquid Nails 100% silicone, but any brand of silicone will do. I just apply a thin film on the inside of the ring and let it cure for a day. Some people buy ""liquid silicone"" which has thinner consistency than adhesive or caulk silicone. Some people ""dilute"" their silicone with solvents, but that's too much work for me. Regular silicone works just fine for me. I just wet my finger with soapy water (just like when you're caulking your bathroom/kitchen) and press/spread to even out the silicone on my ring. The silicone film sticks strongly but is still easy to remove (scratch end with finger nail then peel off). It won't last forever. At some point, it will not look so nice. How long (a month or several months) depends on how often you wear your ring or the work you do with your hands while you're wearing your ring."
They are so much better than the metal ones! It fits perfect and comfortable to wear. No sharp edges. My wedding ring manage to stay put and it doesn't shift side my side like it did on my metal one. Very pleased with this item.
"I, too, need these because of large joints. Resizing doesn't work. These little things can be applied after the ring is on so work perfectly. Regular ring resizers are very expensive for just one. These are great."
"They have sharp edges and hurt my finger like hell. It does not fit firm and dropped off.
Would not recommend."
"My engagement ring fits well on its own when it is hot out but when it is cold out my fingers shrink for some reason and it gets really loose.  One of these plastic pieces is good for instances like that, where I need to make it a little bit tighter.  Once I put the snuggie on, it stayed on the ring even when I washed my hands.  I did have to cut one of the snuggies in half otherwise it would have been too long.

I do think it would be a pain to wear one of these things every single day.  Although it is possible.  It's better for people who need it once in a while, on certain days or for certain events when you want your ring to stay upright and stay tight.

Overall I would say give it a try.  I am pretty happy with them."
Just what I was looking for! Great price!
Doesnt stay on ring; pops off.
Uncomfortable to wear
Useless.. doesn't really make any difference. Lost it on my second day!
Don't fit any rings very good. Uncomfortable and gaudy. I suggest purchasing the clear dip that's what im gonna do
"Much too large and won't accept returns. So big it just falls off of rings. Probably designed for mens rings, not women's. Very disappointed."
Difficult to use. Visible when wearing.
Too hard to keep on.
Great product.
Worked great
