"The Fiskars 12 inch paper trimmer is fantastic. The blade is super sharp and cuts crisp edges on my pictures as well as paper. Even the thicker cardstock cuts smoothly with the trimmer. My favorite feature is the expandable 12 inch ruler since you can fold it in and out as you wish, which also makes it super compactable. I absolutely love this product and would highly recommend it to anyone looking for a great paper trimmer."
I have the personal trimmer from Creative Memories as well and I have to say that this is a lot smoother.  It has a cleaner cut and i can see exactly where it is going to cut.  I really like it.  It is a nice product.  My Creative Memories one will be handed down to my kids.  :)
"I have the same paper trimmer from Creative Memories and this one cuts just as good, if not better, very smooth and clean.  Great product!"
"This is a really nice paper trimmer.  It cuts straight, has the ruler guidelines on it to allow for exact sizes, sharp cutter so a precision cut each time, and is a excellent crafting tool for scrapbooking and school projects (poster board).  Great at cutting photos too!  Excellent tool to have on hand or to bring to events that require a lot of cutting."
"The paper trimmer is a great crafting tool. It cuts well, is light weight and easy to use. It's great for those paper/craft projects with the kids (with supervision)."
"Really like this cutting tool, the extending arm helps alot and the premarked sizes is a good time saver. Trimmer is not to oversized which helps with storing. Would recommend."
"I work on arts and crafts everyday in my classroom, this Fiskars Paper Trimmer works great for all my needs.  I can cut various thicknesses of paper and the extra sharp blade allows precise cuts - without the ragged edges.  The rubber feet allow the board to stay in place so I don't have to worry about it slipping around.  I've used many paper trimmers in my day, I have to say this is the best one so far!  Sturdy enough to take good use and I have to admit I love the flower design!"
"My favorite thing about this paper cutter is that there are different sized boxes printed on the flat surface to guide different cuts (4x6, 3x5 and many others).

I also like the extra arm the folds out from underneath to give even more room to measure.

Fiskars has great products, especially paper cutting products, because of the blades that they include.  The replacement blades are a little pricier than the ""cheap brand"" but they will out-cut the cheap brand by many sheets of paper.

Overall, this is one of my favorite paper cutters and and I really haven't found anything that I dislike about it!"
"My girlfriend bought this to use for making birthday cards and scrapbooking with 12x12 cardstock paper. She's a beginner but so far she has not had a problem with it! She said she can only cut two pieces of cardstock at a time but with regular paper, she can do quite a few more pages at once. It arrived quickly and in great shape. We are happy with our purchase!

She rated it four stars just because she was excited about the built-in ruler but it's a little difficult to lock back into place once she's done using it but that's not a huge deal.

P.S. It also comes with an extra blade that we almost accidentally threw away so don't forget to look for that!!"
"This has its uses...for cutting where you absolutely must see where the cut (or score, using the handy scoring blade) is going to be. It does a pretty good job, though the cuts aren't super clean, even with a new blade. I also have a Tonic guillotine trimmer, which requires NO maintenance and does an amazingly clean job of cutting. The only problem with the Tonic cutter is that it can be a little hard to see exactly where the cut is going to be. If I had to choose one printer, it's no contest: the Tonic guillotine is the best. I have had serious problems with Fiskars trimmers in the past...lousy cuts, not cutting straight, cropped photos not being square. I have given all of them away and even thrown one in the trash in disgust. So I'm cautiously pleased with this printer."
great trimmer
Easy to carry around and replace the blades when it gets worn out.
"very nice, easy to use"
Easy to use and cuts with precision.
Love it.
Had it less than a year and it broke only used it about 10 times. Normal use. The extended arm got stuck and the clear gard cracked.
Super til
"Very clear numbers, easy to use."
Perfect
"Did not like the design of this product. 1. the ruler open towards you making it awkward to put paper in. 2. blade falls out easily
and 3. the beveled design makes it difficult to line up paper correctly and where it falls on the ruler."
"I love this paper trimmer! I haven't ever really used one before, but I've gotten more crafty and this comes in handy more than I thought it would. I also love the cute design on it. I haven't used the ruler part yet, but I'm sure it would come in handy as well."
Good deal for the price!
"Works well, even with card stock.  Extra razor was a plus.  Compact size makes for easy storage."
"Don't like it as well as my Fiskars rotary paper cutter,  but since I can no longer find a replacement rubber strip, I guess this will have to do."
Cutting blade falls off easily so I need to occasionally reinsert it.
Works really well except that the ruler holding the blade area has a bit of give so if you accidentally push towards one side or the other you won't get a straigh line cut. It's not huge but it's noticeable if you're cutting thing that need to line up
Easy to use. Great value.
Doesn't always cut so have to go back over a single sheet of paper
love it
Works great!.
"I love all the different size templates that are printed on this cutter. It makes it so easy to cut down large sheets into smaller bits for pocket letters, etc. And the sliding blade is so much easier on the shoulder and elbow than the guillotine type of cutter when doing a high volume of cutting."
Great Buy!
Great item. Have used the heck out of it.
"Cheap lightweight solution that we use to cut vinyl.

Works great!"
"I don't know how I  managed without this cutter. I started a project of placing family photos into albums,  and this cutter has been very useful."
Works great.
Needed this I got tired of cutting crooked pictures
"I don't often scrapbook, but sometimes I print smaller things on regular printer paper and need to trim it. This is great to have with the ruler and tight slide to make it look professionally cut."
Works well.
"Bought this to replace an older version that was very similar in construction but dark gray in color.  This is MUCH easier to use largely because of the light colors which make it easy to see the numbers and gridlines. It's prettier too! I can't give it 5 stars because of one detail -- their is a spot near the left or ""starting"" side of the cutter where the blade ever so slightly ""catches"" sometimes. Not a deal-breaker, but not perfect. What is??"
blade keeps falling off
I use it to cut standard stock paper for craft projects.  Works perfect.
I and others who have used it have noticed it does not cut completely straight. Disappointing.
Love it
I used to love these when I was a teacher. Now I use this one mainly for cutting up photos that I print at home or other paper items that need to be cut with a straight edge. The lines help to keep things straight. I like that there was an extra cutting blade (the orange thing) that was included.
Works exactly like I need it to. Even came with replacement pieces. Cuts scrapbook paper perfectly.
"Thank you very much, my order has arrived before its due date, and I am already happy"
Trimmer works great!
worked for what I needed it for but I was unimpressed by the quality
Does the job!
Prefect choice for what I was looking for.
This is a great little trimmer.  I bought the Cricut portable trimmer (same size) and this is by far the better of the two.  I would recommend this trimmer.
"This is a good buy for me. It cuts papers easily. I used it to cut shipping labels, photos, coupons, etc. I usually use it to cut one sheet per time, it cuts smoothly."
Very nice trimmer - easy to use and accurate
"I had a Fiskars paper trimmer for about ten years before I caved and bought a new one-not because the old one stopped working, but because all the numbers had worn off. I do a lot of paper crafting so I put my tools through the wringer!  I'm resistant to change, but am glad I finally upgraded. This one cuts beautifully. I chose this model primarily because it doesn't have the wire running down the cutting area. The reviews on that seemed iffy, and the more parts something has, the more chance there is of it breaking. I've had this for a few months now, and it still works beautifully. The blades are sharp, doesn't move horizontally, and it's very easy to cut and measure at the same time. It's a winner!"
Love these trimmers!
"Inexpensive which is great and it works really well. Only problem is that when I bring the cutter through it comes right off the track! Also, cannot read the ruler lines/ticks once the paper is on. Very annoying."
"This product was a lifesaver.  How many times have I tried to cut something straight only to look at it and go, what??  Once I received this, cutting straight lines is a piece of cake.  Will go through a few pages of copy paper at a time.  And works great on cardstock.  My projects are typically one piece at a time, so this is perfect for me."
Great product!
"Perfect size for small trimming jobs at the office.  Still have the larger, heavy-duty paper cutter for larger jobs, but this trims papers easily and quickly, and stores in a filing cabinet drawer."
Mainstay and overall good buy
"Wife uses it, works as expected for photos."
As described
absolutely LOVE this.  it's never failed me:)
This is such a handy paper cutter I've used it for many paper projects and it works great.
"The measuring guide is a little off where the arm extends which can make cutting a little difficult. Otherwise, quality and works well!"
"Cuts like a champ! Safe, easy and quick!!"
"What the??? So, they package the trimmer with a product card TAPED to the face of the trimmer with plain cellophane tape right under the ruler next to where the cutter slides. Impossible tape residue is all over the trimmer. It is just tape, but I have used every solvent in my arsenal that hopefully won't damage the surface and the thing is still tacky. With all of the non-marring adhesives available out there they just had to use cheapo tape.
If I can get the goo off, I'm sure it will be a sufficient trimmer. Very good non-skid feet on this item. I know because I put a good amount of elbow grease in trying to get the adhesive removed. Good grief, Fiskars, charge us a few cents more and upgrade the packaging materials a little, ok?"
"<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Fiskars-12-Inch-Portable-Scrapbooking-Trimmer-196920-1001/dp/B0017KYE5Y/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Fiskars 12 Inch Portable Scrapbooking Trimmer (196920-1001)</a>
The measurements on this trimmer were hard for me to use.  As another reviewer mentioned and posted photos of, it is hard to determine where the start/cut point is. Then between 4 & 6 inches the arm extends. This leaves you guessing where 5 inches is because now the measurements are displayed differently.  Just past 4 inches you can determine a bit easily the measurements due to the lengths of the lines.  After 4 3/4 the lines change to only two different lengths, making it a harder to figure out the in between measurements.  I do like that it's light and portable, slightly on the flimsy side tho.  Will keep for a spare."
This is a great product! It works well and is easy to use.
I've been meaning to buy a paper cutter for ages and just now got around to it. This one is perfect. The expandable arm makes storage easy and is great for measuring larger paper. I haven't tried cutting multiple sheets but it sliced easily through one piece of cardsrock.
Been using for several years now. My only complaint is the cutter. They are surely easy to lose. But if your more organized then me then your all set lol.
Love it
"When set up with the guides, it cuts crookedly. This is highly annoying. It does cut very cleanly;  it's nice and sharp.  But I can't recommend this product. It also had a terrible, strong plastic smell for about a week or two. I had to set it outside to air out."
"Love this! Perfect for trimming card stock. Nice sharp blade, and precise cuts. I highly recommend this!"
"yep,  works greet."
Seems a little cheaply made but it will do.
"I wish I ordered this a long time ago. I use this almost everyday. I love art and crafts, this trimmer makes me create things faster. The best thing too is that my invitations and cards looks so professional.
My DD loves paper crafting too, so this is very handy when I help her with her projects."
Great
Trim with ease. Easy to cut them. Perfect.
"My 3rd one, I love this cutter."
"I love this product. I use it to cut everything perfectly. I use it for photos, special papers, and other projects. It's really handy to have. Cut your time in half using the Fiskars cutter."
"I am unhappy with this product on so many levels!
1. The blade sticks when sliding down the rail and falls out when the rail is lifted up to slide the paper under.
2. Down the left side, where the ruler is able to be pulled out, they have tried to be but have that curved. Of course this is the exact spot where I need the measure 5.5"", 5"", etc for cards, on a daily basis. I can't get an accurate measurement because of this stupid curve.
3. The work surface with printed grid is a label that will eventually wear off.

I hate this unit and I'd return it in a heart beat, but I'm traveling and can't get anything else.
I have it two stars because it had a nice scorer and the blade itself makes a very smooth cut. But the unit that holds the blade and scorer is just pitiful."
"I love this! I purchased a Martha Stuart one and it was just horrible so I was looking to replace it and this is just great, I cut all night yesterday and works perfect"
Finally bought this one as I watch YouTube crafters and they use Fiskars brand.  I can see why now. I am absolutely in love with this product and finally don't have to live without it!!!
I am very please with my purchase of the trimmer.
"Great trimmer, my other paper trimmer broke so I was hoping to find a replacement. This ""little guy"" works well. Once I got use to a lightweight design, I fell in love with this product. It's portable, easy to carry and changing the blade is quick. If the cut was wrong...It was my fault. I had to learn how to line my paper up with the guides on the top or bottom. Once I corrected this.... my papercrafts were perfect."
easy to use product.  well priced.  and bonus.....it is super pretty!
"Love this trimmer. I have a medium size guillotine type trimmer that's kind of clunky and takes up too much space but this Fiskars trimmer is so light and portable and It doesn't take up much space.

I really like all the measuring grids and the handle that holds the blade is clear so you can clearly see exactly where you're cutting. This trimmer gives a nice clean cut.

Glad I purchased it."
"This is practically perfect in every way! I've been crafting nearly all of my 63 years, and this is a new, wonderful toy. Love it!"
Nice but wish it came with instruction sheet on best way to align paper etc.  my 12 year old had heck of a time at first figuring out the best way to cut certain sizes.
Use this all the time!
Perfect. Exactly what I wanted.
GREAT! Trims everything. Convenient and easy to store.
"I have only used it a few times thus far, but it has worked very well. I am pleased. I only use it for cutting laminated documents."
Just what I expected!
Have had it for awhile now and it it holding up well. Love the size.
Use this thing all the time. So far still on the first blade. It comes with a second. I can assume we can buy replacements but I haven't had to look yet
"Really like this, much better than my small one - can get a 12x12 piece of paper in to cut it to right length.  For us the cutter lasts a long time."
Ok paper cutter.
Works great but the orange cutter piece comes off easily.
Love it
"Worked great for my wedding invitations, I made them myself with a printer that can print pictures and I needed this tool to cut them to the right size. The blade is very sharp it went right through the photo paper like it was nothing I could even do a few at the same time if I wanted to but I wanted to make sure each one was cut just right. By the end my invitations looked like a professional made them, very satisfied costumer."
the product is just o.k. My wife uses it for her scrap booking. I guess the fact that it's not as sturdy is the reason we don't like it. Plus I'm not sure how long that small razor blade will last. In the end we ended up buying a guillotine style cutter.
Works well
worked great  trimmed over 100 papers and still work as brand-new.
Great.  Works well.  Not too big & not too small.
"Waste of money, the screen protector is a hard plastic with no glue, that's why they give you three because none of them work. The hard plastic with roll up and not stick to the phone. They need to take this off and stop ripping people off."
"Love FISKARS! This is easy to use, easy to replace a worn out blade and light to carry with for scrapbooking crops and card classes."
"I bought this to cut some laminated recipe cards, and it works like a CHAMP! Great little paper cutter, I would buy it again if I need it!"
"I do not have a problem with the seller, but the quality of this fiskars cutter is not very good. It barely cuts one piece of card stock and leaves a bent edge on everything you cut."
The cutting slider pops off alot.
"Hard for me to get a straight cuts on this one, will practice more."
Easy to use. Cuts cleanly and sharply. Comes with an extra blade. Seems slightly crooked though.
100% happy w/ purchase
Yes!  This item works so well.  It exceeded my expectations:)
great
"This cutter is not accurate.  Even when I push my paper up against the edge guide my cut comes out crooked.  It's the same problem if I cut 1 regular piece of paper or cardstock.  Had I known, I would have sprung for something more expensive that is at least accurate."
I bought this trimmer to cut my vinyl for my cameo when I am doing projects. It fits perfectly on my desk that I work on and I use it almost daily. I've been having it for about 6 months and the blade is still very sharp and its a very smooth straight cut every time. Fiskars is a great brand to purchase.
Works very well! I purchased this so I could use it to cut straight lines for my childrens pictures and also to cut business cards.  It works as expected and even came with an extra blade. I am happy with the price point of this since I didn't need something heavy duty for something I will occasionally use.
"My sisters are BIG into scrapbooking and during a recent trip home (two states away) my youngest sister showed me some of the finer techniques of scrapbooking.  Luckily, she has LOTS of scrapbooking supplies (stamps, stickers, etc.) and books for page creation ideas.  She has a Fiskars trimmer similar to this one (older model) and I found her trimmer easy to use so I ordered this model when I returned home.  I've used it to create a scrapbook for the friend and her husband for the arrival of their second daughter.  I had a lot of fun creating the pages and the Fiscars 12-inch scrapbook trimmer made the process very fast and stress free.  The blade is sharp and glides across the paper when making a cut (no jagged edges).  I look forward to creating other scrapbook pages/complete scrapbooks with this Fiskars trimmer."
Great for crafting!
Didn't cut as well as expected
Love this trimmer. Very sturdy and the ruler is great!
"SO EASY to use and works perfectly - no need for bulky, huge paper cutters anymore!!"
Much better than the old model. It is great
"the issue with portable trimmers is that paper is very easy to slide around. that being said, if you don't want to be shelling out hundreds for a 20lb wooden/steel paper cutter, this is the go-to item! it's very reliable and useful for small projects, but for absolute precision, you may want to invest in something more."
used to my purple cow trimmer  this one take a bit of getting used to and many hands to hold the paper just right to get a perfect straight cut
"Its good however the handle that we fold it is not straight , so If i want to make the paper eaqual to the line  the paper form other part will be not match the measurement ruler in top  and vice versa"
Love this...it is constant use!!!
"It's better than some of the similar trimmers, but the blade is still the same and still leaves the shredded edge sometimes.  I am using it for scrapbooking and card making.  Also, I'm not able to shave off a small amount because it just tends to fold the edge down into the groove instead of cutting it off. I'm not impressed with this type of trimmer in general but I was hopeful that this one would be better, based on the reviews.  Not really.  I've used an Xacto which had the rotary blade on the edge of the platform and that worked better than any other trimmer I've ever tried, until I broke the plastic guide off and rendered it unusable (after years of use).  Unfortunately they don't make it any more.  I'm not sure what they call that type but I was able to shave off very thin bits and it never left a ragged edge."
Great for scrapbooking
"Neet and smooth cuts, I don't have to trim my pics with scissors anymore, yay! Very very sharp blade, perfect to glide through paper."
This is an excellent paper cutter and great for measurements. I saves you time and is very easey to use. I would recommend it to all crafters.
"I've recently retired from corporate life, so one of the projects I've taken on is scrapbooking. I plan to finish a scrapbook for each of my three children and this trimmer is a necessity to make the job a bit easier. So far, I love it. The only con that I can think of is I keep on dropping the little orange cutter, and one of these days I may lose it or step over it; otherwise, it does the job pretty well!"
"cuts well, easy to use, good price, the bit with the blade in it pops off easily, but it also pops back on easily. I use this quite a lot and it's a good product for the money."
Works amazing! I have been using it all the time and it is still just like new.
Love this little paper trimmer.... have used it endlessly for classroom preparations and it works beautifully even with laminated paper!
"I bought this to charge my Samsung Galaxy S7 because although waterproof, it takes forever to dry out enough to charge the traditional way. I decided to get Samsung's version because I have had so many bad experiences with knock-off electronics. I'm really glad that I did because it works exactly the way I need it to. I just have 3 complaints:

1. You can't use your phone while it's charging. I mean, technically you can but since it has to lay down flat on the surface it's really hard to do. But I figure that is the case with the majority of the wireless chargers out there so that isn't a huge complaint.

2. My biggest complaint and the reason I have given it 4 stars instead of 5 is I cannot believe how slow it charges! I knew it wasn't a fast charging station so my expectations weren't very high. But when it's been plugged in for 4 1/2 hours and it's only at 50%, I get very frustrated! And since, as I mentioned before, you can't easily use the phone while it's charging, it's even more frustrating."
"It cuts ok, some roughness on the edges, though. Not super excited, but I guess it works."
"Cuts well, but the blade falls off too easily. I cut myself when I picked up the lever and the blade popped out."
Works well good price
This trimmer works very well.  The blade can be easily removed and replaced if needed.  I use this item a lot.
"This paper trimmer has made my wedding projects so much easier! I've had to cut advice cards, programs, and invitations! It's easy to use, especially with the measurements that it provides. It also came with an extra blade, which I just recently had to start using. So much better than trying to cut straight lines with scissors!"
So far so good
"We use this for many school projects and pictures.  Works well. Not to big, not to small."
Perfect!
"Pretty nice, but a little awkward to start."
I couldn't decide which one to order but I am so happy with this trimmer.  So far so good.  Easy to use for kids as well.  Mine are 9 and 10.
Just as described
Blade is sharp and easy to make smaller paper sizes with the board. Best used for making notecard sizes.
All Fiskars products are outstanding and this one was no exception.  I have five of them.
I do not know how this product got so many great reviews! I was new to card making and was convinced by the reviews and price to buy this trimmer. I have not been able to get it to cut a straight line since I bought it. Also the fold out arm does not lay out straight so if you are cutting past 5inches it will never be precise because that arm is always crooked unless you hold it down the whole time which is impossible with only 2 hands. I have since resorted to scoring my paper before I cut because the guides on this trimmer are not accurate enough. I'm going to spend more to buy something more sturdy and we'll made. I guess you get what you pay for and if you are buying this you are paying for a poorly made piece of plastic.
Pretty easy to use
Good for small business or home projects.  Woyld buy again and recommend to others.
"Works great! Having the measuring/alignment lines on this cutter sure is helpful to get everything straight and I like the extension arm for larger projects. Very light and portable, just have to be careful not to lose the cutting blade, mine fell out easily so just be careful. It came with an extra cutting blade too. I would definitely recommend this to others and will buy again if something happens to this one."
Awful. Does not cut straight. I've tried everything.
Wonderful paper cutter
Does not seem to have enough of the edge to line your paper against to get a truly straight cut. That is a little frustrating.
"I AM IN LOVE WITH THIS TRIMMER!  I cannot cut straight, even with commercial cutters at work, for some reason, it gets skewed.  I know it is me and not the tool.  But with this trimmer, my paper are always cut straight!  I have used it around 30x and the blade is still good and the trimmer still cuts straight.  I have used it up to 85 lbs linen cardstock without a problem."
"Fiskars Scrapbooking Paper Trimmer is as safe and simple to use as I had hoped, and extremely easy to carry if necessary. It's everything I wanted amd more. Will def recommend. This one is bu far the best."
"If you're not cutting for accuracy, the trimmer will work just fine. I don't if I got a faulty one but either the ruler or the blade is off."
quality great
love it
"It's okay. For the money, it isn't bad. Don't expect perfect lines or great build quality."
"I use this to cut coupons (which I do a lot of) and it works GREAT. I especially like that I can cut 5 - 6 items at once, saving time."
"Great product, great price"
"I am always on the search for the perfect trimmer.  I liked the size of this trimmer and the metal markings.  However, when I got it, I was disappointed that it didn't have the guide wire that is available on some of the Fiskars trimmers.  It works OK for cutting things to a specific size, but without the wire, it is difficult to get a straight cut on things that aren't a specific size like cropping pictures or cutting flash cards."
"Love the design, excited to start scrapbooking with it!"
Great item to have for any type of cutting.
everyone at my daycare loves it. easy to use and works perfect good product
"I love this paper trimmer. I don't know why I didn't buy one sooner. It is easy to use, has ample space for scrapbook sheets, includes measurements, and always creates a straight cut. Now I wish they made one of these for cutting fabric!"
You got what you pay.
sharp and sturdy blade! It cuts small amounts of paper very well. Do not put more than five papers at once otherwise your cut won't be straight.
Really disappointed with this product bc I thought it would cut straight and accurate lines for my ATC cards & the razor kept getting stuck mid-cut. Hard to align the cutter precisely to where you want it to cut too. Waste of time and money
The cut is sharp. My dislike of this cutter is that it doesn't snap to hold your paper down. You have to manually hold the paper down. If not it will slide and you'll get a bad cut. Something to consider when purchasing.
A+
Exactly what I was looking for. It's compact and easily stores away. My kids can use it since there aren't any large sharp blades just the small track cutter. It easily cuts through 3-4 pieces of construction paper at a time. Seems durable enough and can't beat it for the price.
"I bought this to replace the one my toddler broke and I'm glad I got this but I have some negatives
Cons
*the blade pops out all the time on the side with the gap to get it out. You can't always use just one side.  It is so annoying
* the line where the blade cuts it quite thick so when you're trying to cut something small or precise you're guessing. Also annoying
*the blade misses the beginning of your paper if it isn't exactly at the edge.  Also very annoying.

Pros
*nice big size
* the measurements are nice in the base
* it cuts cleanly, where it actually cuts

I wouldn't buy this again.  If but a different one.  But it's cheap so that's why I got it."
I really like it but sometimes it leaves some uneven cuts and it seems to not cut the paper all at once. Its been only a few days and I have used it a lot and blade is still great!
"Not great, but compact and easy to use."
Just what I wanted.
"This thing is a life saver! I was working on a project where a lot of cutting was involved and not only am I horrible with scissors so the lines weren't coming out even close to straight, but my hands were killing me! We have a gigantic paper cutter in the house but I was not even close to interested in lugging that thing around. So I found this. It's such a perfect size! It is super light and easy to move. The cutter works really well! Over time the blade became a bit dull and I had to change it out but that's to be expected with a lot of use. I was able to cut a few pieces of card stock at once. The thicker the material, the more room for error so be careful and make sure that you are holding the paper securely in place.

This is definitely one of my favorite new toys! It has been such a help for my crafting projects. I really don't know how I went so long without having one!"
Doesn't cut regular paper the first time around. Can't get a straight cut half the time.
I need to cut a lot of 8.5 x 11 photo paper prints in half. A lot. So far this is working better than the guillotine style we were using. It is quite small so storage is easy.
"Unfortunately, it doesn't seem like my trimmer cuts straight. The edge of the trimmer that you place the paper against is at a slight angle, so I get angled cuts. Otherwise, it cuts great, it just doesn't give me straight cuts which is what I need. =("
flimsy
"My girlfriend makes a lot of flyers & signs, so I got this for her. It works great: the trimmer is sturdy & the blade is sharp."
"I bought this because I just began to make a scrapbook and it works great! I cut straight edges on pictures and on cardstock. I love that I can measure the exact length that I need. It comes with two blades and is all put together when you get it. As a beginner to scrap booking, it worked wonderfully!"
Perfect transaction and great product!
"I love this. I use it to slice and dice card stock or paper into small cards for stationery or paint/ink color swatches.  The ruler portion makes it very easy to measure, and the size and lightweight body makes it easily portable.  The razor edge could be more sharp or thicker in case of much thicker papers, but for my crafting purposes it is just great."
Bought for my mom for Christmas. Durable and great price
This thing is worth every single penny I spent on it!
"This does the job. I am so glad I finally invested in a trimmer! Sheesh... why did I wait? Anyway, this is NOT for a pro photog or designer however. The blade is small and definitely designed more for occasional use. Light, easy to use."
"This gets used all the time. Perfect storable, small Scrapbook Trimmer."
Cuts four sheets of printer paper easily. Five is pushing it. use this every week for my coupons.
The cut this cutter makes is easy and sharp. I use it to cut cellophane bags and gift wrap paper to wrap my products. The measurement and extended arm also is very accurate and convenient to make longer cuts.
"It does it's job. But move the the orange slider just a bit too far up and it pops off, which is how you switch out the blade once this one gets dull, but unfortunately for me this happens to me at least three times while using the trimmer. I also find that with the fold out ruler I can't seem to get the measurements to work quite right for me since the number 5 isn't visible. But since the items i'm cutting are mostly for personal use I don't get to upset about it."
Very pleased. Cuts well.
"Excellent product, so easy to use for beginner crafters!! I cut about 300 or more pieces of scrapbooking paper for a church project and this product was amazing!!"
"Let me start by saying I do have a silhouette cameo for all the paper cutting work but every time I just want to cut a straight line of a bunch of paper placing it in the cutting mat and going through the software to cut is just too much work. It is also a pain to pull them out of the mat.

So for basic card making or even school work for the kids this a quick and easy solution to cut the corner of the paper you. It is very precise I did not have any issues with movement of the paper while cutting or incorrect measurements. Very good buy . Highly recommend"
"This might be the best item I have ever brought on here.  I'm not even joking.  I brought this so I can evenly cut papers/pictures to sell on etsy but have wound up using it more for coupons.  It's so much faster than a pair of scissors.  I was going to buy one w/ a handle but this one was half the price.  I'm so happy I went with this one.  I got it on July 20, 2015.  I use it at least twice a week and am still going strong with the first blade.  It comes with a second one for when you have to replace it.  I love it.  You will not be disappointed."
"This is an easy to use, accurate cutter. Not all trimmers are, and especially at this price. My last trimmer was off by just enough to prevent a 90 degree angle; this one isn't. The swing out arm means it can measure far more than you could otherwise, and the markings on the surface are very helpful for measuring common sizes. They, too, are straight and accurate.  The only two criticisms I have are fairly minor: 1, I wish that the numbers were marked at both top and bottom, because it can be hard to see the top markings when the paper is covering them up. 2, the blade (which is replaceable, and it comes with a spare!) is a tiny bit too easy to come out, and has fallen out without my realizing, so that I had to search for it. If you are more careful than I was, this shouldn't be an issue; and the flip side is that it is very, very easy to replace. The bottom line is that I suspect this is the best trimmer you will find for the price."
"This little thing feels cheaply made but it's working out great. I didn't want a guillotine trimmer with a toddler running around, and this thing is easy to store and feels far less hazardous. I've been using it to cut a bunch of laminated stuff I've made, and it is precise, easy, and the blade hasn't dulled at all yet...Plus it came with a replacement blade for when I'm ready. Great buy."
This is perfect for all the crafts I do around here with scrapbooking or kids.  Easy to use and durable.  Perfect
This is a wonderful small paper-cutter for a lightweight workload. I've cut both regular paper and card-stock with it. I just cut 1 page at a time in it and works great!
Great little trimmer. Really works best if you only do one sheet at a time. That is why I gave it 4 stars rather than 5.
Gets the job done! Nice and smooth cuts. I'm glad i didn't spend more money for the others
"I have been unhappy with this trimmer because the blade keeps popping off.  It pops off after every one or two slides.  Luckily, it pops back on easily enough.  However, I would not recommend this trimmer for that reason.  I am a fan of other Fiskars products."
Works really well. Happy with my purchase.
"This is a great trimmer for the price. I purchased it to cut down some oversized Tarot cards. It took a few minutes to get used to lining up the card, moving the blade, etc. But after a few tries, you will get comfortable with it quickly. I trimmed all 4 sides of some medium cardstock cards and the blade is so far like new. It does come with a replacement blade. The blade works in both directions, so I could position a card, cut it from left to right, position the next side, cut that from right to left, etc. On a very few occasions, I had to re-trim an edge; this is avoidable by applying a slight downward pressure to the blade as you move it across the paper. There is a fold-out ruler for measuring and lining up larger projects which I have not had occasion to use yet. My daughter tells me she can't wait to get her hands on this for some art projects. It's even pretty, with a floral design."
"I purchased this when I decided to do the invitations to my wedding myself. I've never had a problem with this, I cut hundreds of thick paper sheets and always did its job right. The rulers are a nice help and so is the little extensions. Comes with an extra trimmer which is very easy to replace."
"Lighter weight and flimsier construction than the heavyweight paper cutter I'm used to. However, I cannot find replacement blades so the old paper cutter is useless.

The Fiskar Trimmer works surprising well, unless you have to match a dimension where the foldout extension meets the body. The cuts are straight and have no noticeable imperfections.

The blade fits in a space in the middle of the plastic which holds it in place. This facilitates finely matched sizing. Also, the plastic folds backwards, which makes it really easy to remove schnitzels of paper which can accumulate and cause problems.

The product was clearly made for photographs; the surface is marked with outlines showing where to place common sized photographs. I find this mostly unnecessary, and it's actually quite handy if I happen to want to use one of the printed dimensions.

I doubt this will work well on very heavy paper or cardboard, but it's small, lightweight, easy to use, and the open design avoids some of the annoying pitfalls of my previous paper cutter.

Definitely worth a try; it's so inexpensive that if you don't like it, you're down the price of two or three fancy Starbucks coffees."
This is such a timesaver!  Great quality and very easy to use.  Best part was it arrived a day earlier than expected and it is already getting a lot of use.
"This is a pretty good trimmer/paper cutter, not great, but pretty good.  I used it to cut probably 50-75 baby shower invitations that I printed on 65 lb. 8 1/2 x 11 cardstock.  It took several cuts to each page since there were two 5 x 7 cards on each, so I must've gone through 250+ cuts and the blade still works.  Granted, it's starting to drag a little more after the wear, but that's what the 2nd blade is provided for.  I did have a bit of a hard time lining up the guide to where I wanted to cut, but I figured it out after a few minutes.  Make sure you do a few test cuts before placing anything irreplaceable under the blade.  For my purposes, this worked just fine and I'm sure it will work for many others.  For a more sophisticated job, upgrade!"
Feels like you're gonna brake it when you use it... But still does the job....
"This works SOOOO much better than the piece of junk paper cutter I had previously.  Using this to cut cardstock for my handmade greeting cards is a dream!  I just wish it came with a scoring blade, too."
"An elementary school teacher, friend did not believe me this was the way to go until I bought this to use when helping her.  First time of doing Q cards with her, she put her scissors down.  These are serious time savers for those who do allot of cutting.  No issues cutting through 2 layers of laminate over card stock."
"Lightweight, excellent for my needs( trimming pictures, etc. for trifolds, posters)...very happy with my purchase."
I have wanted one of these for so long and am so glad I finally bought it!  It is so convenient for cutting straight lines because I can't cut a straight line to save me. ;) This is going to come in handy at all times of the year for all kinds of projects! I am so excited!!
"I regret saying this but WHY DID I NOT LEARN ABOUT THIS SOONER!?  What a great tool for cropping just about anything printable.  I use this for the magnetic birthday cards I create for all my grandchildren and sometime birthdays for the adults (who counts after 21?). These magnetic cards go on the refrigerator and my grandchildren love adding to the collection on the refrigerator over the years.  However cutting them out of the full sheet was a nerve wracking endeavor.  Now, easy and clean cuts.  Also now I can make clean photo size cuts for the 4x6 compartment of my printer. Therefore I am happy! :)"
"Gets the job done but there is a learning curve and not the highest quality. But, cant go wrong with this price."
"I replaced my guillotine style paper cutter with this trimmer. I'm sure the old one was technically more heavy duty for certain projects, but this one does everything I want without trouble. I use it frequently for scrapbook paper and cardstock, and have even used it for cutting cereal box cardboard. For the cardboard, I sometimes have to do a cut twice (especially when I need to replace the blade), but that's always enough to get it to cut through all the way. I have only replaced the blade once, and it was easy to find at a local craft store."
"I purchased this originally because when I got my son's Easter pictures done they were not pre cut and I didn't want them to be crooked. I am disabled and I have a very hard time cutting straight lines using scissors. Just finished using this to cut his Easter pictures, wow! I wish I had bought one of these years ago. This is so easy to use you simply line it up and swipe the blade across. The only thing I wish is that the ruler itself was a little heavier so it would hold the picture down. Took a little finagling for me to be able to keep the picture lined up and hold it tight enough that it wouldn't move. Will definitely be using this for all future photo projects !"
The orange cutter keeps falling out making it hard to keep track of and not safe. Works great until you go to put it away and notice the cutter has fallen out.
"Got this for my wife to replace a much larger cutter that she says is too bulky. This one is really good quality, and uses the new style Fiskar blades. She really likes the flower design, and says it cuts straight and is more reliable than her old one."
A very handy tool for any small business or crafty person.
Great product I was able to cut over 500 pages of cardstock paper within 2 weeks and the blade wasn't in need of a change
Works perfect
"I wish I could figure out what to do with these when the wire breaks so I didn't have to buy so many. I really like them, though."
"This is a wonderful paper cutter, lightweight and easy to take along with me.  I love the 1 inch measure on the outside edge of the cutting line.  This saves so much time!  My only complaint is that I have only had the trimmer a few months and already some of the measure lines have worn off in the area close to the stop edge.  I am left handed and, therefore, use the trimmer with the word ""Fiskars"" upside down.  If that is why the measure lines rubbed off, message to Fiskars - please make the measure lines more durable on 100% of the measuring platform."
"Good paper trimmer. I owned an inexpensive Fiskars trimmer for many years, but I could not find a replace blade at a  reasonable. The cost of this unit was the same price as 2 replacement blades for the old model. This model, 196920-1001, appears flimsy and side guides for the paper don't allow for more than 3 or 4 sheets of stacked paper. I suspect it will be fine for light use."
"I have a severe inability to cut in a straight line. When trying to cut a piece of construction paper in half, I somehow veer off and end up with a triangle. Being an educator I found it annoying to never be able to give my students the symmetrical paper they craved. But now, they get all the symmetry! And at fast speeds. The razor does a decent job and the ruler extensions accommodates larger paper. The only drawback is the amount of paper that can be cut at once. I limit it to 5 pages of computer paper bc I have found that anymore will result in unclean ""torn"" lines."
I do not recommend the product because it does not cut straight. Thanks amazon for refund.
Very nice for trimming photos and laminated items. Flimsy--but great for home/occasional use.
had some problems keeping paper squared.
great for starters.
Very happy with Fiskars paper trimmer. Giving a good workout over Christmas. Wonderful product as expected.
Does not provide a clean cut on cardstock.
A little bigger than expected but it will do
"Excellent for what I need it for, happy with my purchase."
Awesome quality!!
"Works well, and very light. A must have for crafting."
"I'm an actress, so I have to cut headshots all the time. I was hoping this would make it easier to cut the card, but for some reason the base of this product was not entirely flat, so it doesn't cut straight. I have to put the card on an angle so the card can be cut evenly. It still slices the card and paper well, I just wish that I was able to cut a completely straight line with this"
perfect for cutting my coupons.
Good for all kinds of paper crafting projects.
I have a similar one from this brand that is just ok. It doesn't cut straight and leaves frayed edges. I would suggest something else like maybe a guillotine. If you're not a perfectionist then this will be fine.
My sister brought this and has been using it everyday. reliable and cheap
"I use this thing so much for my crafting and it is great! I may eventually get a larger one but this does the trick for now, and I love the flowers on it."
"I really like this little trimmer - if you look through my recent posts, you'll see the other items used to help me personalize my Arc Junior planner for this year.  I have used this trimmer to ensure straight cuts each time and by using the trimmer, my covers and monthly dividers were quickly cut and made.  I think the only thing I would change is the cut line is white.  I would rather it was black so that on either side being white, the cut line is that much more visible.  Still, for the price, this little trimmer is a great workhorse!"
"I like the portability of this trimmer. Easy to use, carry and store."
I only need one for occasional use.  I've used it a couple of times and works fine.  It's perfect for the price.
"Amazing product, fast shipping, great customer service! Love it!"
"Easy to use, blade works great. The king makes it easy to know where you're cutting"
"Besides pretty, it gets the job done. I bought this for my mom who makes greeting cards as her old Fiskars lost the measurement lines in spots from use. It's a quality product."
"I LOVE this paper cutter! I have used it to cut cardstock, watercolor paper, and plain paper. I wish I bought this earlier! It is small in size compared to other paper cutters, but I don't have a lot of space so I needed something smaller."
"Love, love, love. Works perfectly, especially if you use few papers at a time. Neat cut lines and easy to replace blade."
Works perfectly!
WORKS WELL
This is a well made scrapbook paper trimmer. I believe it will work well for me for a long time. It is sturdy and easy to use. I would definitely purchase it again.
"I have the Fiskars trimmer with the wire guide but it keeps fraying and I have to wait for Fiskars to send me a replacement piece. In the meantime, I purchased this inexpensive trimmer in the hopes that it would work the same. Not so. This trimmer is extremely difficult to get the paper to cut straight or even to see where it is cutting. It was not even good to use for a temporary measure and I put in my giveaway pile because I found it to be unusable and impossible to get straight cuts."
"Great little cutter. I love the convenience of the size, it makes it easier to store. I use it for pictures, construction paper, scrap book paper. Works great!"
EXCELLENT
"This thing is bad. I did not think of it at the time, but the trimmer is rounded, so finding 5"" on the top can be difficult.

The cutter fell off the track the first time I used it. The trimmer did come with a second trimmer when this one dulls out.

I will definitely buy a new trimmer soon."
"great for scrapbooking.  if you have larger papers, might want to look into one where the board is bigger. this one got the job done for me."
yet another excellent fiskars product the only problem with it is measuring anything which is 5 inches as it doesn't seem to be marked on here but this is easy to use cuts straight and folds away easily but now I can cut things up to 15 inches(also not marked) fab for 12x12 paper and cutting several layers at a time Just fab I've had this two days and I just can't stop using it I love it
"Bought this because I got tired of cutting 8 or 10 pages of printed-out coupons with scissors. Works great. I only wonder how long the tiny blades will last, though this does come with 1 replacement cutter. So far so good, though."
I really like this but the only down part is that the orange razor  alway falls out and i have to keep putting it back on. It isn't and hazel its just annoying.
"we used this to split photo paper from our christmas photobooth.  It was quick, easy and didn't require any instruction for our guests.  overall a success!

UPDATE:  I now use this to cut my sons school pictures!  after 9 years of carefully (and unsuccessfully) trying to cut a straight line, I finally got one!  the OCD in me is still rejoicing"
"The paper cutter works fine but the quality is not very good. As soon as I opened it, I noticed the sticker with the grid lines on the right side is already coming loose. I decided to keep it anyway as I don't really need to use that. This cuts well, but I've found myself working around the loose sticker as that initially was catching onto my paper until I changed the direction of how I inserted paper into the tool. Overall good tool but I wish the grid lines are printed on or at least attached better than a sticker that's already lifting off!"
"I do not like this paper trimmer.  The ruler at the top cuts off at the 5.5"" mark, which is where I would be cutting/scoring much of my 11"" paper at.  The guide piece that holds the paper down opens the wrong way.  The blade dulls pretty quickly."
"I'm disappointed in some aspects of this paper trimmer. My biggest complaint is that the blade pops off pretty easily. By easily I mean that it just falls off. Usually when I'm putting it away, so I'm thankful it hasn't happened while I'm using it. My other biggest complaint is the tape residue left on the board itself, from the Fiskars information sheet taped to it. I also wish the blade arm locked into place while I used the blade; I'm not sure if that's a feature on other trimmers or if I'm wishing for something that doesn't exist. It seems like there is an awful lot of effort put into trying to keep it steady and in place than there should be. My plan is to return this item for a refund."
Great for my Erin condren planner printable cutting 
"As described, cuts well."
"This works well for cutting paper, or in my case cutting multiple coupons.  You can put at least 4 sheets of paper and it will cut right through.  It makes cutting fast and easy.  The blade that comes with it lasts quite a while, but you eventually have to replace it or it gets dull and starts to shred the paper.  It has ways to measure paper, but I never used that feature.  Its also small and easy to store.  lThis is a great cutting tool, and I definitely recommend it."
Everyone loves this thing. Used to help cut pictures for a collage and now kids use it for a lot of homework projects. Super!
Worth while buy. I have been using a rotary tool. This is so easy quick. So glad I bought.
This is really the best thing I could have bought. I mainly use it to cut pictures/photos to size for frames as I can't cut in a straight line. And what's even better is that there are ruler markings on the board which helps with sizing.
Works great!!
It's OK for the price
"I would recommend a better paper cutter if you are going to get a pear cutter.  I don't feel this one is that great.  It is a bit flimsy and light weight.  Also, the size markings are not done in a very helpful way since they are set back from the cutter."
A complete must have!
This is just an okay item. I bought it to cut cards with and after about 10 the blade went bad. I had to go and purchase new blades after only one weak use. It did not even last that long. Works MUCH better with the new platinum blades and I was disappointed that I had to purchase within days of receiving the item. Next time I will spend more money - you get what you pay for I guess.
"I did not buy mine from Amazon, but I bought one just like this, at a local craft story. It cut straight lines at first, at least I thought it did, but after having to change out the first blade, I started to notice all my cards did not align when I folded them. The Friskar was NOT cutting a straight line!!! It was slightly off to the side which was noticable when trying to alight mat layers and closing/folding my cards. I have to actually score all my paper FIRST, on an envelope score board and then match that line up on my Friskar's lines, in order to get a straight cut. It's VERY frustrating and almost worthless. I'm am now looking for something better. I just wish I had noticed this right away, and if it was something that happened after use, I knew what caused this. But for now, I cannot recommend this :(."
"As an avid crafter, it's crazy that I lived without this item for as long as I did. I researched paper trimmers before settling on this one, and I was not disappointed. It's very easy to use and makes very nice cuts. I love that it is twelve inches so most paper, including scrapbook, is easy to measure and cut. This trimmer came in handy when I had dozens of sheets of paper that I needed to halve. It's hard to imagine I once used traditional scissors or my exacto knife for such a project. This trimmer makes straight cuts very efficient."
"It feels like this would be flimsy, but it is actually pretty good and I haven't had an issue with it so far. I also don't use it all the time, it's not for scrapbooking, I just needed something that would cut straight lines, which I can't seem to do myself!! The size is perfect and easy to hide away. It's super easy to use as well. I don't know how it will hold up over time with constant use since that is not what I use it for, but for my needs it is great!"
This product is ok. The cutting tool is not long enough to do more than a couple of sheets at a time and feels cheap and flimsy. This is okay for very occasional use and not much more
cuts paper but not hands or hearts
"My wife uses this at leats once a week to cut coupons. Only thing we don't like is how easily the blade comes out of the track, Everything else about it she loves."
Has a cheap feel to it. Hard to tell if what I'm cutting is lined up properly. And cuts slightly crooked.
This is an okay cutter.  I don't like how easily the actual cutting blade slips out of the cutting tray.  It's very frustrating.  I also find it difficult to see the line where the cut is to take place.  I did like the fact that it came with an extra blade.  I also like that this is compact yet large enough to cut a large sheet of paper.  This will also cut more than one sheet of cardstock at a time.  I mostly use this for clipping printed coupons or cutting cardstock for cards.
"This has come in handy for my arts and crafts many times! However it does not give the cleanest cuts on copy paper for whatever reason and at times the blade would snag my paper even if I am
Using 32lb paper which is annoying. It gets the job done and it is easy to store away. I just wish the blades were a little better."
"Great cutter. I am a teacher and keep one of these at home and one at school.

Fiskar's cutter is a must have for teachers, crafter's, and others who frequently need to cut straight items."
Great quality and utility for it's price. However the blade sometimes jams because it is not quite sharp enough.
"It's not as precise as I like. The 5 inch line, you sort of have to guess at the top as well as where exactly it will cut."
"It was iffy on my watercolor paper one sheet at time (90 lb paper). I got it to speed up card making but afraid my Fiskar scissors do a better job.
My paper edges got bent I saw a five star review with someone's picture of a card but I guess were doing different paper.

As far as working with normal paper (computer paper) it does okay. Sometimes it looked frayed if you look closely sometimes it's fine.

Since card stock usually ranges in 50 lb to 110 lb pressed paper I have to say it is not for card stock. Returning because it makes my cards look less professional."
very good
I never own a paper trimmer before and the only one I've seen was the commercial one that looks dangerous. When I get this I was a little bit disappointed because it is made of lightweight plastic. It looks cheap. Anyway I decided to use it and actually really like it. It cuts easy plus it looks safer than the commercial one which is important with kids in the house. I use it to cut cardstock and I just wish it cut more than 2 paper the time.
I use this for my coupons and I love it!
"This is a great little cutter!! It came with an extra blade, it's easy to line up and get straight cuts, it even works on vinyl label paper! The only reason I gave it 4 stars and not 5 is because you have to swipe the blade over the paper kind of fast to cut it without tearing the edges, but other than that it's great."
Just used this for the first time. I am so glad I bought this item. It suits all my home/office needs just fine.
"Used this for scrapbooking, and other misc. uses. The sharp edge loses it's sharpness after a while, so I'm glad an extra attachment was included."
This trimmer was a waste of money. I hate the measurements. The blades dull quickly and it doesn't cut consistently straight.
It is greAt! I use it instead of using scissors for a straight and percent cut.
"I needed a paper cutter for trimming my art prints and slicing water color paper to appropriate sizes.  This paper cutter does everything I need it to, with the added bonus of being portable and easy to store.  The little blade on the slider is super-sharp, yet small enough that I don't feel like I'm operating a guillotine.  Its cuts are true and easy to measure, and all of my paper comes out square.

I have found two downsides, but neither of them make me regret my purchase.  This paper cutter can only cut about two pieces of paper at a time (which, frankly, keeps me from trying to take shortcuts and cutting 10 pieces of watercolor paper at once!  I probably save paper this way).  Additionally, the sliding blade pops out of its track rather easily, so you have to be aware as you're pulling it along (and when taking it places).  I would recommend putting the slider in a separate, easy-to-find box or container if you plan on transporting the paper cutter in a bag.

Overall, a perfect paper cutter for the person who has limited desk space and lots of paper to cut!"
"Very nice! Saves me actual hours of time cutting and the line
markers are very very helpful!"
"works as advertised, wish that it were easier to a) tell exactly where it is going to cut, and B) was easier to tell where 5"" is - there is an extension that allows you to measure, but 5"" is somewhere between the end of the base and the beginning of the extension - not a good design."
Inexpensive and really nice! Better than what I'd bought from office depot for about $18.
"I like this Fiskars 12 inch portable paper trimmer. I purchased it to replace an older version that I had at some point pushed too hard on the blade and cut an extra groove into - making my cuts not very straight, of course. With this one, I am careful to only use as much pressure as I need to cut through photos. I'm not a scrapbooker, but occasionally have other reasons to cut a straight edge on some of my photos (wallet size pics for grandparents and friends, etc). Nice basic paper trimmer that does what I need it to do. Hopefully it lasts as long as my previous one did until user error did it in."
"I am only saddened by the fact that I didn't order this sooner. This is a life safer. I do a lot of arts & crafts projects plus make invitations/greeting cards, and this little puppy is a great help. It works as expected. It's affordable, compact and works really well. Highly recommended."
I'm a novice scrapbooker and I Love! Love! this handy gadget!! Easy to use...blade lasted (meaning sharp and clean edges) for a 12 page-double sided complete scrapbook project. Lightweight. Have nothing to compare it to but so far super happy with this!
"Piece of JUNK. Sorry, this is horrible. Flimsy, doesn't cut straight, the stickers are coming off. It a terrible, terrible cutter. I'm surprised, ones from Fiskars in the past have been FAR superior in quality and function. I'm returning asap."
Works just right.
The design is soo cute and I love that it is the perfect size for the projects i need it for and its a great price! i also love that it came with a second blade!
It works nicely for how I use it.  It doesn't take up a lot of space either.  Nice product.
"This little thing cuts paper well, even photos, and remains sharp after hundreds of cuts.  Doesn't jam or leave ragged edges. A great deal.  Very happy!  Don't expect to cut more than about 2 pieces of paper at a time, though."
works
Good quality for scrapbooking.  Better than other styles I have used.
Works very well. I'm so far pleased with it.
"I don't have anything to compare it to, but it works as advertised and that's all I expected."
Used it to trim glossy card stock then glitter card stock.  About 100 sheets total.  No rough or ragged edges.  Never changed the blade.  It did the job and with minimal pressure the blade moved across the paper effortlessly.  My new favorite crafting item.
"I have been a fan of Fiskars cutters from the day I started scrapbooking. I already have a couple different styles of their cutters but couldn't resist getting this one because of how cute it is! This cutter has all the features I've grown to love about my previous cutters...the swing arm for measuring, the gridlines to guide paper placement, the good quality blade that produces clean cuts every time and it's lightweight and portable. You won't be disappointed with this cutter! I do have to comment that the swing arm which holds the blade seems backwards to me on this one. On the two Fiskars cutters that I already own the swing arm opens by lifting it to your right and this one opens by lifting it to your left. This is going to take some getting used to on my part. However, I did not dock for this on the review because my girlfriends who have other cutter brands say theirs open the same way this one does...so really it's just all what you've gotten used to. I'm sure I'll be used to it in no time!"
It's a trimmer. it functions properly. I was satisfied.
"We use this all the time for projects for school, crafts, and many other things.  Its held up well.  Very lightweight and portable.  I would highly recommend this paper cutter."
My main issue with this product is its blade. The blade pops out a lot if it is not laying flat (eg stored on its side on a shelf). Also the blade wears out very quickly!
"Excellent product. It is light, easy to use and precise.  It hold the paper firmly. Saves me a lot of time and error."
"No wonder this comes with extra blades, you will need them! I was simply cutting coupons, very thin paper and the blade dulled after about 10 cuts. If it wasn't for the brand, I would have bought a different kind. However I assumed it would be a great item considering fiskars is a well know and established brand. Cheap design, the lines on the base, to help you cut a straight line, are off by a little. So not only was this item a waste of money but can't line up for a perfect edge."
Cut line east to determine - window l8he's up with groove so each cut is spot on.
"I use this product to cut flashcards I make on the computer. It is sturdy, doesn't slip on the table, cuts very straight and accurately. It comes with an extra blade, which I have not had to use yet. So far I have been using this for a couple months, cutting about 5-6 sheets of regular computer paper at a time, with no issues."
"Love this! My old paper cutter had dull blades and I couldn't find the replacements. I like that this one has the pull out ruler to measure things longer then the board. I do have some issues with the blade coming out if I pull on it to get the clear guard up, but I just need to pull the guard itself. It cuts very well and I need to get replacement blades just to have on hand"
like it but you have to be very careful for the measurements to be accurate
works good
"This is the BEST invention ever. I used to use a cutting board, but this portable trimmer makes it so much easier to cut a straight line! I printed business cards on cardstock, then cut them with this. They turned out GREAT! They are all cut exactly the same."
"This trimmer works well. For thicker papers, the edges are a bit jagged and not as smooth as I expected."
Great trimmer!!
Lighter weight than I expected but the blade is sharp. Many measurement options. Convenient size
"This replaces my old cutter that lasted about 10 years.  I have other paper cutters as well as equipment to cut paper with an exacto but this lives in my desk drawer for those small projects that don't require bringing out all that other stuff. Hopefully this one will serve as well as the last.  The last cutter did not have the ""squaring arm"", this feature will surely be a plus."
I use this all the time! I scrapbook and make cards and I use this instead of scissor to get a really straight line. I would 100% buy this again. The ruler is accurate and the razor is easily replaceable (if you ever need to replace! Mine is still super sharp!).
Works great!
Got this to cut some construction paper and it really doesn't work. You have to press down really hard to get it to cut. You'd have better luck with a pair of scissor.
"My only complaint is that the little blade hung comes off sometimes but it's really easy to put back on. It cuts really well. I have used it already to cut out decorations and invitations for my son's birthday party, which were printed on cardstock. I like that the ruler part is transparent so that I could see very well where I needed to cut and it's easy to line up everything to cut using the grid and rulers. Also, you can cut by sliding in either direction, which saves time when you're doing a lot of cutting. Love it, especially for the great price! I also love that it's compact and seems safer to have around the house than the old school guillotine kind."
I love this thing!  I needed it to cut some scrap book paper for a frame that I had and worked like a charm!  Came with a second blade too.
I was trying to make crafty gifts for birthdays and Christmas. I needed something to cut paper straight and all Wal-Mart had was paper cutters that look like pizza cutters. This looked more reliable and I'm glad I bought it. The pictures look great and its a great thanks to this. So glad I bought this one! Not a bad price either!
"As a scrapbooker, I was disappointed when I gave this cutter to my daughter.  When trying to make precise cuts, the first issue is that one cannot actually tell where 5"" is on the cutter, which makes it impossible to make precise cuts.  I have always loved my trimmer like this with the extending arm; however, this version is not useful if one is trying to cut exact sizes of paper."
Love the measurement for card making.
"I just got mine yesterday,and I love it!! I used it to trim up my construction paper I was using to make boxes. It very cleanly trimmed edges much less than 1/8th inches. Will be using it today to cut my Quilling papers"
Great
"Usually I love Fiskars, but this product is very flimsy and didn't work well."
"Pretty lightweight and mobile, great for small projects! We used this to cut up homemade escort cards and table numbers and signs for our wedding and it did the job beautifully!"
Received on time and just as advertised. Thanks!
"I needed something quick to make memorial cards for my father's funeral service. This worked awesome.  it not only cut the paper but also the laminate with clean straight lines. It even comes with an extra blade. It saved me a lot of money over having them made for me. For the price, you can't beat it."
Love it.
Highly recommended!
"Creates clean edges on regular printer paper. However, when I use the trimmer on card stock, the edges are straight but the paper curls slightly on the underside i.e. the edge is not smooth."
Very practical and save space because of it light and good size.
"Very nice cuts!  Glad I bought this one.  I recommend to anyone needing crisp, clean cuts.  Paper does not get shifted around during the cut."
"Works very well and fits a full size sheet of paper, which is why I bought this one vs. the cheaper ones"
Love it! Best cutter I've ever had
"Love this trimmer. I had one from fiskars before, but my daughter kept borrowing it:) I Finally decided to treat myself to an upgrade. My original one still works great(according to my daughter) and this one is also great. Nice cuts, no ragged edges. Perfect for photos."
"This trimmer is excellent!! I needed a replacement blade for another 'streamline' paper trimmer and skimmed across this Fiskars one. Holy wow, it is excellent quality!! After tons of cutting it is STILL super sharp. I even sliced my finger by simply not paying attention and didn't notice it for some time. This is one of the best affordable trimmers you will find."
I finally found the perfect cutter!
Great product.
I use this to cut coupons and it is perfect. The Inserts that come in the Sunday paper fit perfectly with room to spare. You might want to purchase extra blades to have on hand when the first one gets dull because the actual blade is quite small  but I expect the blade it comes with to last a couple months with frequent use before I need to switch to a new one.
This is the WORST paper cutter I have ever used/purchased.  It can't even cut a clean edge on simple copy paper.  A total waste of money!
Beautiful trimmer.
"love this item. Its light, easy to use, and just the right size for me to be able to put it away in my craft box without taking up too much room."
"The blade is very sharp and is replaceable.  Makes a very clean cut.  But the grid to the right of the cutter is a sticker instead of being printed on the plastic trimmer itself.  Paper catches on the sticker, so you have to be careful when you are lining up your paper."
I love it. Everyone should buy one of these because you won't know when it will become useful. I used it since the first day it arrived.
Kinda flimsy
"Safe and good enough for typical household use, lightweight, makes perfect cuts.  I didn't want my children using my heavy duty office paper cutter and this one is very safe for any child that you would let us a metal butter knife (so not for 3 year old). Better features and design than competitors in this price range. The swing out arm is great for larger cuts."
"Love this trimmer. It comes with 2 blades. I like that it is compact, yet it does have the 12 inch arm if I need to measure a larger piece of paper. Perfect for small items or full sheets of paper. The blade did get slightly hung up on my adhesive shipping label paper a couple times, but it it not enough of a problem for me to complain about. Would purchase again."
"For the price, it is pretty good for casual use, to trim paper or poster board. It is difficult to get good repeatablility, as the blade guide is wobbly. When trimming a stack of writing paper, one sheet at a time,  the finished paper shows 1/2 to 1mm variability. The trimmed edges are clean, as long as a sharp blade is used, just like using a razor blade. (This trimmer's blade is in essence a razor blade.)"
"Does the job, simple to use. Comes with additional blade which is easy to replace."
"I have a very similar trimmer to this (mine is slightly narrower and the swing out arm is orange) that I bought at Michael's. I just started using it with a scoring blade insert I bought on Amazon to more easily fold some cardstock, and I love it so far. I'm also planning on using it for some other wedding paraphanalia that I'm going to be making.

My only downside so far is that the ruler could be more clear. It starts on the far right, but then starts over from where you're cutting (which makes the most sense). On top of that, the swing out arm lacks the mark for 3"" on my model, and of course I'm trying to fold 5x7 cardstock to 5x3.5. After a few cards I figured out where I needed to line the paper up, but my first few cards were a little uneven."
Loved it so much I bought my mom one.  What a handy little tool!
"Not super impressed with this, especially for the price. The deck bends, giving an uneven cut, so precision isn't guaranteed. It took a half hour to get the tape residue off the deck from the packaging. It doesn't cut through more than one piece of cardstock without the risk of shredding the edges. It trims. It's pretty. If you can get it on sale ( I didn't) go ahead.  I'm keeping it because I hate sending things back, and it's convenient for small jobs, but have asked for a guillitine paper cutter for my birthday. I've used them and know it'll get the job done."
"Love, love this little trimmer. Easy to carry with you anywhere you go and cuts the paper precise and easy. Keep it my portable art bag. Would buy again"
I use this for cutting perfectly straight lines on food saver roll bags. Serves the purpose well. Long lasting blade which cuts in both directions.
"Peace of rubbish, it's not accurate and the orange cutter does not slide well, it pops out at the top, frustrating. From now on I'm going with Martha Stewart everything. I would love to return, but it's too late."
Works as expected.
Good product and seller.
It was delivered so quickly! Just what I expected. 
"I wish that it had some kind of threshold that would disable the paper from moving at all. It is a little difficult to get straight cuts because while it has the ruler system, there's not wall or blockage to keep paper from moving."
"Love it! Maybe everyone had one before me, but when I bought mine I am still cheering! Great product!"
"This is a well-made trimmer, and best of all it is small, so its easy to store out of the way when not in use."
"This cutter is fantastic. I have a purple cow cutter and it never cut on the first pass, this one is a breeze!"
"The blade is cheap and pops off the runners rather easily. It also cuts with a slightly frayed edge. It works for my needs, thus a 3 star."
Just what I needed!
Love it.
"This is a nice trimmer with a sharp blade, but it is very lightweight.  For my very occasional use, it is perfect, but my friends who do a lot more scrap-booking than I do find it to be too lightweight for their purposes."
"Small, lightweight,packable, and portable"
doesnt cut the paper proberly
"We've cut over 5,000 papers with this baby and it's still sharp."
love it
"I love this cutting board. Works well, nice size, fun to use!"
Works nicely.
"I really like this cutter, I used it to make my daughter's birthday invitation and it served its purpose. I gave 4 starts because the cutting blade keep falling off the rail while cutting. But other than that works great."
Easy to stow and cuts crisp lines. I bought this four months ago and have made many cuts with it and the blade is still usable. It's certainly dulled a little but still cuts just fine.
Only been using it for the night so far works great the only reason i gave 4 stars instead of 5 was because the arm didn't lock in place a plus is its easy to find replacement blades and they aren't expensive.
meh...not that great. Personally if you are cutting bigger items get a bigger one and the cutter only cuts thinner paper. I say save your money and get a better one.
"Such a handy paper cutter! love this size and it has beautiful edges, very sharp and crisp once cut! Sometimes the little blade does pop off, but it pops right back on."
"After getting tired and annoyed with Exacto knives and guillotine paper cutters ruining my work, this little unit is quick, precise and easy to use. Great for trimming exactly what you want to trim."
Awesome! Bought it it cut fabric printer sheets and it works beautifully--I can see exactly where to cut and it slices cleanly through the fabric without a single snag.
"Purchased this unit to trim down shipping labels that are printed on 8 1/2"" x 11"" paper.  The time savings versus using scissors (multiple cuts instead of just four quick ""slices"") has already paid for the product."
"Based on the review saying ""just by this one"" I did (my own fault, I know).  I had 80 pages of presentation that required cutting, and I could barely do one at a time and get a straight edge without tearing.  Granted, presentation paper is thicker than normal paper, but I'd think one at a time at LEAST would've worked.  If you're only cutting regular paper buy this, otherwise spend a couple more bucks for something that saves you time."
Was looking for something a little bigger and more sturdy but this is doing the job for the moment.
"Pros:
Small
Cuts well
Easy storage
Comes with Extra blade

Cons:
The orange blade pops out easily
Not sure if it's because of the size, but it is a little bit difficult to determine EXACTLY where it will cut. This could also be because the cutting section is in them middle of the ruler and not at the end. But once you get used to it, it does get easier."
"flimsy and inaccurate.  Took a shot on the cheap price and favorable reviews, but if you need precision spend the money on something better."
"I've needed a new trimmer for a couple months now. I like Fiskars, a lot actually. But I don't like the way the packaging came. It was hassled and thrown together, and just didn't feel properly protected."
Great price.  Cuts pictures very nicely.  Uses replaceable blades which is a big plus.
:)
Very light paper cutter. I like that it is portable. But I prefer my heavy duty swingline paper cutter over this one.
"This cutter is way larger than I was expecting and a bit too bulky for traveling with. However, it cuts clean and crisp every time."
Awesome
great
"Useful cutter for slicing paper. Comes with an extra blade and is very easy to use. Moves easily, works well."
Great paper cutter. Makes cutting things straight so easy.
Not what I expected but it does the job I intended it to do.
Really nice cutter for the price. Only thing I noticed was that the little orange blade comes off the track really easily.
I hate that the pop out ruler does not sit flush with the upper ruler. Hard to see the ruler measurements because of this design flaw. We owned a similar one that doesn't have this problem. Find one that is flush. You'll be happy you did.
Just what I needed for my scrap booking.
Cuts nicely for my photos
"I was hoping to use this to make wedding invitations out of card stock. It left a little bump of paper along the cut edges, making it clear that the invitation was cut from a larger piece of card stock. We ended up going to Kinkos and using their heavy-duty paper cutter for free, with better results.

EDIT: After I gave up on using this product to cut cardstock, I started using it just on normal-weight scrapbook paper, and it works perfectly fine. It's called a ""scrapbooking trimmer,"" so fair enough. Just don't do what I did and expect it to serve as an all-purpose paper cutter."
Good product! Good seller!!
I really like this trimmer - it is small enough to take with me but durable enough it isn't going to break.
So nice to have a 12 inch trimmer as many paper sheets are 12 inches to begin with.  It's a good quality item and has a handy pull out ruler.
You have to be very careful with card stock to get clean edges.  It cuts regular copy paper fine.
"I bought the fiskars trimmer based on the rave reviews posted on amazon. For the most part, the reviews are accurate. Some issues that I'm seeing that I hadn't anticipated are:
1. The plastic board itself is a bit flimsy. By that I mean that when I press down to trim a thicker piece of paper (like card stock) the board bends, yielding an ever so slightly wavy line.
2. The four padded feet on the back are not all the same height. When it's flat on the table, the board rocks back an forth a little.

Otherwise, clean cuts and no other complaints."
Does not cut so well very poor quality. You can get better stuff out there.
I love it! All I could ever ask for. It's very easy to use.
Cuts very well.  Only downfall is that the blade falls out of the track when you are carrying the trimmer from your craft cabinet to the table and so forth.
"I use this all the time. Very sturdy, markings clear. Easy to use."
I've bought two of these. The first was for the kids for school projects. So easy to use and accurate. A friend was over and loved it so much that I bought the second one.  Great for pictures and paper!  Highly recommend!
Love it!
It works but it is much more lightweight and thinner than I expected. The cutting part has a little bit of shift to it so it has to be held taught. The measuring lines are not very precise and any measurement close to the between 5and 6 where that extension is can be really difficult. The cutting blade is easy to remove and replace plus it works but not very well on heavier paper where it looks a bit messy.
"I am generally pleased with the purchase of Fiskars 12 Inch Portable Scrapbooking Trimmer (196920-1001). I got an extra cutting blade with it. I also bought the scoring blade which works fine.

A couple of flaws though. At the top, when you align the paper to cut, the paper hides the measurements. I would prefer to see the measurements while I am cutting. Also, 1/4"", 1/2"" and 3/4"" measurement marks are difficult to distinguish. The 5 1/8"" mark gets lost between the edge of the trimmer and the start of the extended ruler. Cutting blade also wears out fast so be sure to have extras."
"great slicer, should bring an extra blade"
blade wears out quickly
"Great product and very easy to use!  I bought it because I read that it can cut through more than one paper at a time.  So far,  it cuts through cardstock with ease!  I also like that is lightweight and portable because I take it to school in my bag."
You have to take care when lining up on the guides for the correct size to cut. It is sharp and cuts typical single sheet paper like butter. Beats scissors and the cutting edge is replaceable. Good for general everyday usage. Haven't tried the swing arm guide yet.
Does a nice job of cutting.  Perfect for me and for what I need it for.
"For the price, very good buy. Works well."
The best investment I ever made. Makes everything so much easier....and faster.
works better than the large table trimmers
great
Great for my paper crafts.
"I bought this product to use ,  with my vaccum sealer , ( I purchased it from my Sister , and it is the basic model ) , to measure and cut the bags , and it has worked superbly , from day one  ! It comes with a replacement cutter head , but I have not used it yet , and I'm sure you can purchase more , if needed !! I am one very satisfied customer !!  Thank You Very Much !!!"
"Great, especially for the price!  The blade is sharp, so it can make even very precise, slight trims.  Easy to align.  The plastic paper holder lifts up for easy cleaning."
Not very substantial - I wanted for light office cutting.  Probably just right for scrapbooking if you are cutting only a few sheets at the time.
I love this trimmer!!  The measurements are perfect and it is extremely easy to use.
"Works quite well and price is about half of what I found in the big art store.  Next time, I might go for the full-sized one."
This is one of my favorite gadgets. It's very easy to use and has a sharp blade that makes an even cut. Having the piece that extends for larger paper is very nice. It's nice to have the smaller size for storage but the ability to cut larger paper.
"I am giving this trimmer two stars, but only because it didn't work for what I was going to need. I tried cutting cardstock and it really struggled. Even with one sheet, the edges were hairy and cuts not clean.
But, if you don't need to use it very often and only with normal paper, I think it will work fantastically."
Had to buy this because my 20+ year Fiskars large paper cutter broke and of course you cant find the parts for it anyplace.  We all know if it is Fiskars it is top of the line quality.  I LOVE it!!!
Works well
"This cuts paper really well! It feels a little bit flimsy,  but it does the job. It comes with an extra blade, so that'll be useful in the future. The blade that is in the board doesn't seem to be thay sharp though."
"Does its job, can easily manage a couple of sheets at a time"
"Works well, lightweight. Does not take up too much space like the last trimmer I had."
I work in a school and often need to cut out printed material. Using scissors just comes out sloppy. This tool makes it easy to get nice clean straight cuts. Only knock is that the cutter sometimes pops out of its track a little too easily.
works awesome very easy to put away
I have only used it on scrapbook booking paper and it works quite well.
"I bought this product at a retail store, couldn't understand why my cuts were not as measured. At close inspection, found that the rotary blade was not aligning with the blades channel and therefore cutting the board instead, to it back to store to replace it and found all cutters on their shelf were the same way. Still looking for a good cutter!"
This helps immensely with my hobby.
"It took a while getting used to how to use it, but once I figured it out, it's great!"
i love it. its great use for the perfect cut for my zines.
"Just remember that it is ""portable""  which also means it won't cut too many pieces of paper at once.  It is razor sharp and does work with no more than two pieces of paper at a time.  Be sure to move the orange marker back to the original position or you will not be able to get a precise cut.  It is worth having in a craft room however."
All I really use it for is cutting shipping labels out but it has improved my efficiency compared to scissors tremendously.
"I bought 3 photo paper trimmers to try: A guillotine, a rotary blade, and this diamond-blade style one.

WINNER:
This is the one I kept. Because of the way it is designed, the blade cuts thoroughly and entirely through the thickness of glossy photo paper, STRAIGHT and COMPLETELY.  I found that with thicker papers, I had to use the rotary blade over and over a couple times to make sure it cut all the way through. With this trimmer, it just slices through in ONE PASS.  Zero resistance. When I cut paper with the other trimmers, I would flip the photos over and notice that the cuts would be *frayed* on the back.  With this Fiskars trimmer, it looks consistent, not zig-zagged.

(The 2 others I bought from costco that I immediately returned upon getting this one:
1) Purple Cows Deluxe 2 In 1 Trimmer
2) Carl 12"" Personal Rotary Trimmer, Green Machine)

VERDICT:
It is an absolute joy to cut paper with this one -- in fact I *actively seek* excuses to cut paper now.  My girlfriend even offered to take me to my first Emo's-Anonymous meeting, haha!"
"This trimmer works great!  It's not too large, easy to use, easy to store and cuts effortlessly."
Love it!
Easy to use and makes a perfect straight line. It also has replaceable blades and others that do more than make a straight line cuts.
Goes dull fast. Works well when the blade is sharp.
Pleased with this buy
Fits my needs perfectly. The blade moves effortlessly through the paper.
not that bad
"my old one had a wire guide, this one doesn't  - same brand though so i'm not sure if i can find another one with the wire guide or not"
Perfetct. Works great for scrapbooking.
Very happy with this purchase.
"Horrible quality! The blade is 1/2 centimeter, barely cuts through anything beyond plain white paper. So disappointed... I used it on a photo, didn't cut through and left terrible edges."
Was as posted
If you are planning on cutting thick bond paper (~ 10 pieces a week) this portable scrapbook cutter is a good solution for the money.
Excellent product especially for the price
works for most kind of paper. can't cut 7 print paper one time
Superb.
"Just the thing for making greeting cards.  Cuts straight, store small.  Nice that it comes with a replacement blade."
"Needed a smaller paper cutter to have at home instead of a large bulky one like I have in my classroom.  So far, this has worked just fine and meets my needs."
Works fine and lasts a long time. My other one was over 15 years old and the score line in the center had become pitted; otherwise I would not have had to replace it. Love these trimmers. Simple and easy to use.
It cuts very well. Easy to use. Lightweight.
Love it
Does the job!
"I have been looking at this and other trimmers for weeks. Based on reviews and price, I finally bought this one. Although I was excited to use it, the first time I did, I was disappointed. The blade was not very sharp and left a less-than-clean cut on my watercolor paper. It is a triple-track blade. I intend to order a new blade to see if it makes a difference."
"This is SO convenient!  I love how small it can be and I can move it from place to place.  Just what I was looking for, and it's easy to use."
TRULY the best on the market!!
This doesn't cut very well and measuring lengths and ensuring even alignment can be difficult because of the ridges
Excellent
"Serves it's purpose although not very well. The orange blade keeps popping off. Unless you put this on a towel or rubber surface the trimmer itself slides around. It is very lightweight, easy to pop in a tote bag, and does indeed trim paper. Not for heavier, thicker paper as the blade gets stuck and gives a ragged edge."
"Love this! I can work on crafts on my lap while I watch tv. The cutter is very sharp and makes clean cuts. I also really like the fold out ruler for cutting larger pieces. It's lightweight and compact, so I can just toss it in my craft box when I need to clean everything up. The only downside is you can't really cut more than one piece of heavy weight card stock at a time, but for this price-point, this is a great paper cutter."
Easy to use.  Comes with an extra cutting blade.  Can use on all paper sizes.
New paper cutter after many years of service... I like the little bit larger size and you can never go wrong with Fiskars!
"This cutter is nice, but the blade is constantly and frustratingly popping out."
"I absolutely love this thing!!  The only reason it doesn't get 5 stars is because for some of the cuts (mainly paper) it bends the paper up on the backside.  It's hardly noticeable, but when it is for smaller photos or smaller projects.  But, it also REALLY helps get the projects done faster!!"
"This is a great little paper cutter- I used it to cut hundreds of squares for my sons minecraft party.
It quickly cut through the thicker stock paper and still using the same blade. I love how compact and light the unit is.
I would recommend it."
"Works great! I'm afraid I'll lose the other blade though because it just comes in the packaging, and I have no where to store it safely!"
Love it. I make cards and don't need a cutter for more than 3 pages at a time. It came with a spare blade. It is also very easy to change the blades when it's time. Will highly recommend it to people who love to do crafts
"I have bought two different 12 "" Fiskars paper trimmers.  I love the extendable arm and it's easy to cut the paper precisely.  However the blades on these things are horrible.  It have to replace the blade after one or two days of scrapbooking.  After the first few days the paper leaves annoying paper fibers or tears the paper all together.  I have bought both types of blades...the ""regular"" and the titanium.  The titanium are supposed to be better and last longer and they do, but not near enough to justify the higher price.  In my opinion neither blade is worth buying when you have to buy soooo many of them.  I would caution against buying this trimmer, unless you have the resources to buy these blades by the cartful!"
Fiddly with ruler
Works well and was half the price of box stores
It is very practical and it works pretty well. The cutter sometimes fell off but its fine :)
Perfect for small tasks. Very lightweight.
great for cutting paper
"Makes so many tasks (office, coupon clipping) so much easier.  Very pleased with this!"
I scrapbook and use this for cutting pictures down and also trimming my scraps after using my cricut machine.  Works great!
not perfectly square but still get's the job done. Great product!
This little Paper Cutter works very well for my use.. I make Paper Beads for jewelry.. So I am only cutting one sheet at a time..does a great Job..
"Great device, certainly beats using the scissors that makes crooked cuts anyway.  Came with an extra cutter, which I've securely put aside for when the cutter on the board gets dull.  The only thing I would change would be to add to a straight guide that I can align cuts with so my pictures would be perfectly straight for sure."
Was on sale! Had to get it!! A treat for me!!
"Use this to cut Foodsaver-type bags (<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/these-off-brand-rolls-are-THE-BEST/dp/B00BUT9DXK/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">these off-brand rolls are THE BEST</a>) for food storage and sous vide. Doesn't even hiccup. I imagine the blades will wear out a little quicker than if I used it for paper, but it's ok; they're cheap!"
Great for cutting photos!
So far so good. I bought this on Amazon because it cost quite a bit more at my local Michael's (even with the coupon) and it has great reviews. It's pretty and it cuts more smoothly than my last Fiskars trimmer (even with replacement blades). I hope it keeps up the good work! This is the perfect little trimmer for the home card maker / scrapbooker.
"I wish it was bigger but I love it just the same works great to cut my tissue paper into strips, I also used it to cut my cork board (thin) I would buy it again. I just wish somehow you could move the strip from one side or the other lol would of made it easier but maybe I am just not using it right, this is my first time using one and my first time starting crafts using mod podge I love it and will continue to play with it and come up with many more creations"
I use this to clip coupons and it works great. Really easy and fast to use.
I read all the reviews carefully before making my choice.  This trimmer is horrible.  I can only cut one way to get a reasonably good cut.  The other way looks like a shaggy dog.  I am going to have to get different one.  This one stinks.  If anyone has suggestions for another trimmer please let me know.
It works as it should... but it's different than one I've bought before. This one; the measuring lable is stick-on and was curling up on the corners and the strip past the blade is so curled it looks as if its going to peel off soon
Believe me this comes in very handy. Luv this product!
I got this to cut pictures it works great. The blade is really sharp and it's easy to line it up.
good
Amazing trimmer. I had another one from another company and it never cut well. This one is smooth.
Purchased this trimmer for minor use to cut paper and photos. I actually use it more than I thought! Good buy.
Best thing to buy for many reasons!
Love having this.  Makes crafts so much easier.
Love this.. works great
"Just started using it, but have been pleasantly surprised at how well it cuts."
Perfect for what I needed. I do little crafty things so I was looking for something cheap. This was better than I expected and I am very content with its quality.
"I really like this for cutting cardstock, but you have to make sure to press down on the slider otherwise it will not make a clean cut. The pre-selected measurements are really nice for accurate measurements, but I do not like that I constantly have to guess where the 5.5 mark is since it is right at the fold where the extender comes out. If it went out just a little bit further, I would be much more pleased. I like that I am able to use the measurements for scoring as well, although I wish there were a scoring attachment so I don't have to use a separate tool (or in my case, a butter knife).

Overall, for what I paid, it gets the job done. I just learned quickly I need to press down a little bit more if I want that clean cut for making cards."
"It's a good tool, just not perfect. I'm sure I will get lots of use out of it. It was hard to pass up the deal I got. Amazon had it at a special price when I bought it. I should have have 2"
works well - have been using it for months and still on the first blade.  Maybe use the item about once a week or so
"Easy peasy! Does what I need it to do simply, precisely and at a manageable price."
The blade is dull.
"This cuts great.  Traditional paper cutters don't work for me.  The difference with this one is that there is a ditch that shows you exactly where the blade will go and the ruler (paper guide) helps to keep the paper in place.  With this trimmer I have gotten exact cuts, which I love.  With traditional paper cuts I would sometimes have different cuts depending on the size of the stack, and papers would be cut different lengths, albeit pretty close together.  Sometimes I would have stray strips of paper, which is irritating.  With this cutter, depending on the size of the stack and thickness of the paper, yes, I sometimes have to cut twice, which traditionally would have create the different lines/cuts.  The way this is made with the paper guide holding the paper down you don't get little stray strips of paper.  It's been worth it.  Hassle free cutting!

It's also beautiful with the cute flower design.

The only reason I didn't give this 5 stars was because the cutter (orange part) came off when I held the cutter at a 90 degree angle, but I was just as easily able to put back on, which is good in a way because you get a free replacement, but still, it was surprising (and unsettling) that blade just flew off.  Needless to say, I keep this 180 degrees."
VERY SATISFIED!!!!
"this has one task.....and...that little orange cutter keeps falling off.  I'd say that it's one task is too much for this piece of junk.
it's very annoying."
"Totally useless. Lines are rounded, measuring inaccurate, blade barely cuts through one sheet of regular paper."
"Got this as a gift for my wife as she does some crafting but mainly uses it to cut pictures she gets at the photo store ""Picture People""

So far, it's worked well and my wife hasn't given me any complaints about it."
"My wife loves it, so I love."
"Does a great job cutting papers well. It is light and easy to carry around and store.
I use it to do scoring too which eliminates the need for a scoring board.
Only downside is the the unclear marking of the 5 inch marking on the top due to the curved deign, so you have a estimate a little if you wan to cut a 5 inch strip of paper."
Very easy to use and makes cutting things in straight lines much easier.
"Okay so this trimmer would definitely be worth the price with a couple adjustments.

A. adding the missing 5"" in. margin on to the plate
B. making the blade more secure on to the ruler. Im happy its easy to replace the blade, but thanks to that, sometimes the blade would just pop off with out even knowing.

My solution to problem A. I had to first, manually carve the margin w a thin blade. Second, I used a thin-tip permanent marker to add more visibility to the carved line.

Solution to problem B. I had to get in habit of not lifting the securing ruler by the blade, or after trimming the paper, since its best to trim going bottom-up, I would just bring it back down carefully. I really don't like doing that because there are times when you accidentally shift the paper when you finish trimming it and bringing the blade back down may cause you to snip the edge again. Im so glad I bought as an add-on item two extra track blades. I know they will deff come in handy one of these days.

Over all, the cut is VERY clean, the blades are really sharp and its very sturdy! I love the flowers they added too. They make it look alot more fun!"
Although I don't scrapbook I use this as a work solution. Visual merchandising requires me to make random signs and this is the perfect solution to cut straight lines for awkwardly sized paper price signs and information signs. I would definitely recommend it to anyone either scrap booking or just working with paper cutting in general.
Useful product for paper crafts and other projects. Good quality.
My sister in law is obsessed with it.
I am very happy I chose to purchase this! It's a good size & cuts well! I do recommend this product !
I started homeschooling this year and also bought a laminator.  This has been a life saver.  Works great so far even on laminated card stock.  I use it all the time.  It has really been a time saver.  Great price too and I'm still on the first blade after about 3 months of use.  No complaints!
Sharp tiny knife and pretty accurate. Allowed me to have more fun with my paper craft.
Works As Advertised! Great Deal and Super Fast Shipping Thanks to Prime.
Love this trimmer! I have cut hundreds of pieces of paper and I still have yet to use the replacement blade!
I've used this a lot.  Why did I wait so long to buy one of these.  You will be amazed how easy it is to use and how often you use it!
"This is PERFECT for my 12x12 scrapbooking pages. Cuts clean, smooth, and easy. All I could ask for!
*Made this card so fast using the paper trimmer and tape runner"
LOVE LOVE LOVE!!! I recommend to ALL my couponing friends. BUT make sure to order replacement cutters. I went through 1 blade in 2 weeks but I'm an extreme couponer.
Love the paper cutter
"My initial impression was mostly negative - thought it looked cheaply made, and was a bit confusing in how to line something up to cut out based on lines, etc., not just by specific size.  However, after working with this for a couple of weeks I have changed my mind - this is the best paper cutter I've found without spending many times more.  It is a bit confusing in lining some times of jobs up, but once you get the hang of it, it is much better than the Carl rotary cutter I was using before.  And it is truly portable, which for home use is nice.

It does have limitations in how thick something can be - at best I can cut only 2 or 3 sheets of card stock, but if your needs are just basic trimming, I think you'll find this an excellent choice."
  !!!      !
"It's OK for the price. A lttle flimsier than expected and less-than-neatest cut, but basically works and nicely/safely tucked away cutitng blade."
"I couldn't wait to use this, and I very much wanted to like it. I think it is just ok- but I was expecting more. It will do the job, but I really wish it had a way to lock the paper in place. When cutting sheets of paper it is difficult to cut a straight line unless you hold the paper in place. Other than that, it does a good job and I have had no other problems. I kept this cutter, but I also ordered a different one that has the ""lock"" option that I want. The positive things about this cutter: it is easy to use, it is lightweight and it cuts well."
I use this all the time!
Great works as expected
"This works well but the little orange blade thing keeps coming detached on mine. Very frustrating! I am fairly gentle with it too and I have only used it with regular paper, not card stock. If you are going to use this over and over again I would search for a stronger model."
"Love it! I've been using it so much, I will definitely stick to this brand. I'm so glad I found it on Amazon. It cuts nicely. I highly recommend!"
A replacement and a must have!
Works great!
Makes trimming with a straight edge so easy!
"This is my first scrapbook trimmer. It took a couple of tries until I was able to properly trim photos - press down firmly while sliding the trimmer across! When I didn't press firmly, I found I had to pull tear apart my photos and the cuts weren't as clean. The size is excellent and I like the fact that there's an extendable arm. Too early to tell how long a blade will last but so far am pleased with this purchase."
"Great trimmer for a great price! ***NOT!*** SEE UPDATE BELOW!!

Amazon also shipped much faster than the estimated 3 week wait time :D

I cut 6 pieces of paper with this trimmer with ease!

This trimmer is a little wider than my last one, but I like the large base.  My last Fiskars 12"" trimmer last for years.  I believe this one will last just as long.  My only concern with this trimmer are the stickers.  The base of the trimmer is white plastic and the grey mat with flowers is a large sticker.  The fold out ruler also has a large ruler sticker on it.  My last trimmer was dark grey and the measurement lines were engraved into the plastic and painted a bright orange.  I prefer that, but this will do nicely.

I would have given it 5 stars, but due to the stickers, I gave it 4.

Hope this helped :)

****UPDATE***
I have had this trimmer for a little over a month now.  I would say that it has not been used heavily as a scrap booker would, but I have used it frequently.  I have reduced my stars for this product to 1 star.  Here are my cons after using this for a month now:

-  The stickers are beginning to peel up.  I live in a very dry climate so it is not that.  My papers get caught on the stickers and before I realize it, my papers are crooked!
-  The small orange cutter with the blade keeps falling out.  I pick it up, it falls out.  I lay it down, it falls out.  Very frustrating.
-  The slide out ruler is a bear to get out.  It sticks and when I do manage to get it unstuck, you guessed it, the orange cutter flies across the room!
-  If it were under 30 days, this would definitely be returned.

Save yourself some grief and keep looking for a good trimmer.  Fiskers used to make a solid 12"" paper trimmer, but they had to go and fix something that wasn't broken!"
Works great. Use it for scrap booking.
"small and pack-able, very useful, cuts great, comes with an extra blade"
I've been doing scrapbook my whole life and it didn't get easier until I bought this. My eyes are getting bad for using scissors and this thing is helping me a lot. I'm glad I bought it.
Easy to use very practical and convenient. Just slide and cut.
This paper trimmer makes cutting my pictures to fit frames so very easy..much easier than a standard paper cutter.
The sticker measurement is a bit off. The blades aren't really made to cut more than 1-2 pages at a time. I used it to make 70+ wedding book invitations that had 10 pages each... it was time consuming -but I wasn't willing to invest much more in a one time project.
"I would NOT recommend this product. I'm not sure how this product got so many great reviews!?!? It does not cut straight. It rolls the paper on the cut line. And forget cutting anything thicker than #20 copy paper. If you need a trimmer to be able to cut square, this is not for you. If you need to cut something that doesn't need precision, it will work. However, like many reviewers said, your scissors will do a better job."
great...cuts clean...stable...and has another blade...but you can guy at your local fine stores too...
Can always trust Fiskars! I've always used Fiskars cutters and have never been disappointed.
"It works well, but I don't think it's as sturdy as the other trimmers I have used in the past."
"Perfect for my application. I cut printed photos and also cut scale cutouts for floor plan use. If car is taken to line up the paper correctly, a straight cut edge with consistent results is possible."
"Works as described.  Blade has worked on everything from cardstock to mulberry paper.  Handy swing arm.
I don't know that the blade will stay sharp forever, but at this price point, I'm pleased with it.  Included another blade."
Just what I needed.
"This is a lightweight paper cutter. It can cut through a few sheets at a time. Not super sturdy, but good for the price."
"I love my Fiskars paper cutter.  I've had it almost a year now and use it all the time.  It's held up perfectly.  I do have a big conventional cutter too but find this one is perfect to keep close at hand, right on your craft table.  It's compact, lightweight and most importantly does a good job. For fun I think occasionally of what tools I'd pick if I could only have three.  This would definitely be one of the three"
"I consider this cutter a disaster. The cutting point leaves very small pieces of paper in the groove that cause the sheet of paper to tear the next time a cut is attempted. The swing-out arm does not align accurately with the scale on the board, so that alignment takes too much care and time. Result: I usually waste more sheets of paper than I cut properly.
I am ordering another paper cutter today."
This item was perfect for my use. Cuts very well.
Wish I'd gotten it years ago!
"Cheaply made, doesn't cut very well."
Thank you!
"I really like the features of this Trimmer.  It isn't for industrial use, but works great for a small office or home used.  Just what I was looking for."
floor plate seems crooked and orange cutter easily comes off
Works well. I used it to trim several laminated cards and the original blade is still sharp.
Have not used this yet but everything I have that is a Fiskar always is top notch.
I use this to cut vacuum sealer bags. Works perfectly for that.
Great product
"I've used this tool several times; the trimmer insures that you make one clean cut along the whole 12"" (or less) when you line up the measurements and cut groove."
"Tremendous little trimmer!  I use it at work.  I am on the franklin covey system (daily planner) and when I print my calendars from outlook, It the 5.5x8 franklin covey format prints on legal paper, so I have to cut it in half.  previously I would fold the paper in half, then rip along the edge, which looks unappealing to me with the rough edges.  Now my daily planner look neat with the evenly cut edges using this trimmer.  The trimmer is sharp and quick.  I marked on the ruler with a black permanent marker where 5.5 inches is, so that each time when I trim, I just line the sheet up with the big black mark.  Also, THE clear bar that runs top to bottom lifts UP!  For the first couple of weeks, I was sliding my sheets under it...I didn't realize it simply lifts up and you can trim more than 1 sheet!"
"Cuts paper very easily, it even cuts my thickest cardstock with no problem. My only issues are that the blade tends to fall out of the track easily if tipped over and measuring isn't the easiest because of the gaps."
"okay, but not my favorite cutter. 1/2 markings are hard to figure out."
"I love everything except that it's hard to measure 5"" because of the split. Maybe I'm just not doing it right. Paper cutters aren't usually complicated though. It's a minor annoyance. I still love it."
Better than any of the paper cutters in the office
works great
"Works great! Although it's a little flimsy once you get the hang of it, it's easy to use."
"I didn't want to spend a ton of money on a paper cutter, but it was necessary as I had 100+ baby shower invitations to cut and I wanted them to look nice. WOW, I am I glad I invested in this. If I could give it more than 5 stars I would. This product is light weight, and so quick and easy to use. It cuts through thick card stock with ease and when the blade starts to get dull (after many, many uses) the package comes with an extra blade. The old blade pops out and the new one pops in in 20 seconds or less. This product is a necessity for anyone who has projects involving paper that require a lot of clean, straight edges."
"It's okay! It does the work, but every time I use it the blade comes off. I wish I would have gotten another one."
Does exactly what I needed it for.
"I am not a real crafty person and this is my first time buying an item like this- it works really good but I have nothing to compare it to. However, if I need to buy another, I would probably go with the same brand."
great for couponing
LOVE LOVE LOVE this paper trimmer. I am new to scrapbooking and this product has really help facilitate my projects. I am very happy with this purchase. Cuts all my photos and paper perfectly. There are so many size charts on the board too to help make sure you're cutting things to size. Awesome that it comes with an extra cutting tab and easy to sharpen. I also love that is is so compact and lighweight.  Make sure you keep the cutting groove clean of any paper dust and residue or else you will screw up your cuts.
I can't say enough praise for this. I LOVE this!!
I love the fiskars cutters.
"Super cheap and flimsy. It ruined one of my photos, because the blade isn't that sharp. I'd practice a few cuts on something that doesn't matter prior to trying anything you care about cutting.

If I had it to do over I would have spent more money on a decent paper cutter. My expectations were to only cut a few home-printed photos from time to time. This doesn't really meet my expectations. You get what you pay for..."
"I love this!! For someone who absolutely cannot cut straight with a pair of scissors, this was a lifesaver! How did I live for so long without one?!"
"Compact, cheap, and efficient. I had a little trouble cutting 110 lb bristol, but the lighter stuff is very easy."
Just love it!
"This tool is great. I love it! Clean cuts, easy to use. Be careful of the blade though, it's very sharp.  I dropped the spare and it rolled under the bed.  When I reached for it (carefully, I thought) I sliced my fingertip.  I'm thinking about getting a paper bead making kit to make use of the trimmings as well as all the other junk mail, newpaper, and ads that come into the household.

I'm curious about how long the blade stays sharp."
Affordable and easy to use!  So long exacto knife!  When it comes to straight cuts this product has your back.
sets up easily and provides a good cut.
Junk - go for a higher quality trimmer if you want clean edges. Purchased this to cut some card stock paper (not super heavy) and it left ragged edges
This is one of those products that make me really appreciate thoughtful design.  I use the trimmer for trimming the white borders off photo prints.  The cuts are very accurate.  The trimmer is very easy to use.  I love it.
"While this is a very lightweight, portable, good-cutting paper cutter, I would like to highlight that the demarkations for the 5"" area measurements are vague.  Just FYI.  I took a fine-point Sharpie marker and drew in my own marks for this area.  WHY Fiskars failed on this is beyond me.  I do use this cutter nearly every day and it is a big help compared to my more cumbersome guillotine and rotary cutters.  Hope this helps!"
"I don't know if it's just bad luck or what, but this is my second trimmer that doesn't produce a truly straight line. Well, the line IS straight, it's just not even. When I line it up and cut a page down the middle one side is bigger on the bottom. I really like the Fiskars brand, so I'm considering purchasing another one... third time's a charm, right? The blade is very sharp, but mine falls out of the track sometimes because I store it upright. I like the fact that it comes with a replacement blade, too.

Update: Jan. 11, 2015. This trimmer is a lot better than what I initially thought. Some of my previous issues WERE due to used error. I've found that as long as I slightly push the blade to either the right or the left (one or the other) as I'm running it through my paper, then I get an even cut. Before I was just sliding it down without paying attention and the slight difference in play can cause the blade to float over. The only reason I didn't bump it up to five stars is because the black measurements are nearly gone in some areas. I've just ordered the&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Fiskars-12-Inch-SureCut-Deluxe-Craft-Paper-Trimmer-152490-1004/dp/B0038F1A0S/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Fiskars 12 Inch SureCut Deluxe Craft Paper Trimmer (152490-1004)</a>&nbsp;which has the measurements under the surface so they won't ever wear off."
"very good and simple trimmer, I recommend this product. Thank you"
Great Seller. Product as described.
"Within just a couple of uses and about a week of owning this, the little orange piece with the blade came off. It slips back on easily, but comes off after every cut. I cut my finger pretty badly on it trying to put it back on. The trimmer cuts pretty straight, but sometimes curls up edges a bit. Not happy with this."
"I don't normally write reviews, but I bought this because it was Fiskar, I use it to cut postcards and business cards and some other small jobs I may print at home.  The ruler on it sucks.  I had to draw my own lines on it and it's not that accurate, I am very disappointed.  Tired of it, probably will purchase a different one."
I absolutely adore my new Fiskar's paper cutter.
"I needed to trim 4x6's photo paper and decided to purchase this. It's not bad.

-easy cutter replacement, haven't needed to yet.
-compact.
-has helpful grid and ruler. You wouldn't believe it, but I don't have rulers at home since I finished grade school.

cons:
the photo guides aka 4x6 are nice to have, but serve no purpose because it's difficult to use them as cutting guides. I feel that you would cut a letter sized paper into a big 4 inch strip and then realize you should have cut a 6x4. So at least the manufacturer should switch where the blade is/or flip the guides to make them more useful.

-they should have made it 5 inches long all around. It is 5 inches on the left side but it curves to 4.8 inches, so there is not 5 inch mark at the top ruler. A little frustrating."
"This paper trimmer is excellent.  It is lightweight, easy to store and does the job perfectly!!  I would definitely recommend it!"
"This is one of the greatest tools I need in my office.  I do a lot of stuff for churches, Sdah's Creative Inner-Praise Specialty Cards and Graphic Designs and this helps so much when I'm doing jobs that require precise cutting.  Thanks Fiskars, I look forward to purchasing other items from you."
It is portable and easy to use. I love that it doesn't take up a ton of space. I highly recommend!
"I bought this paper cutter because most of the reviews were good, but, since then, my work has taken a turn for the worse.  After measuring very carefully on the cutter, the cuts that resulted were always different lengths.  I doubted myself; put on glasses, measured three times, etc.  Still wonky.  So I measured the paper in the paper cutter before I cut and discovered that it is 1--2 millimeters off.  When you're working with fine projects, as I do, that is a world of difference.  I own many good Fiskars cutting products, which is the other reason I bought this.  The price is good, another reason.  But I never would have bought it if it carried a warning that it was 1--2 mm off.  That's not worth it at any price."
"I have a lovely 15"" guillotine paper cutter which I've happily used for many years... and, despite the over 20 years of cutting and cutting, it still has a decent cutting edge.  However, it is largish, heavy and awkward to drag out all the time for just a few sheets of paper (I don't have a dedicated spot for it to sit, unfortunately).  So I bought this very inexpensive and portable paper cutter by Fiskars thinking it would be perfect for trimming various smaller items...just take it out of the drawer and cut away.  Besides, Fiskars has been around for a long time, and has produced many excellent items.

You know the adage, You get what you pay for?  While in my experience, this has generally held to be true, there have also been several pleasant surprises where an inexpensive item has turned out to be quite good.  So I took a chance.  The reality of this very cheaply made piece of plastic is that I could cut paper better, straighter and more easily with a pair of old scissors in desperate need of sharpening.  The little plastic cutter won't stay put, and it is next to impossible to settle the paper in so that a good straight edge is achieved, and the cut edge is not reliably cut cleanly.

I generally read reviews before I purchase something with which I'm not familiar, and I glanced over the negative reviews for this item, but decided to go ahead and purchase because of the very large number of positive reviews. Definitely my mistake, but thankfully, Amazon has an excellent return policy, so I've returned it.

I'm now leery of any paper cutters with a similar cutting mechanism, and will probably go to a stationery supply store to see what is available, and if I find something suitable, then I can come back to Amazon.  In the meantime, back to the guillotine!"
When I received this I was a little skeptical.  It appeared on the cheaper side.  I used it to cut photos and it worked very well.
This is a great trimmer.  It is very well made and attractive with the flowers on it. I use it for cutting and scoring cardstock.  It cuts very clean.
Perfect and am so happy I purchssed! Does the job I need it for! Thank you! Thank you! Highly recommend :)
I layout and print business cards from my computer and I use photo paper for printing.  I can print 10-cards per page and I used these trimmers to cut the cards apart.  This trimmer is meeding my needs for this purpose.
"Cuts paper as expected. My wife uses it to cut coupons, and I believe she is able to cut multiple sheets at once."
I'm not a huge scrapbooker and this does the trick for me. I'm just using it to cut photos and small paper items.
"Other reviewer described the design problem with this trimmer, but I discounted it because of all the good reviews.  Believe them. I tried all kinds of paper and pressure, but every cut left a rolled edge.  On card stock, this causes the edge to bend around and tear making it useless.  I returned this and bought the Fiskars 12 Inch Portable Rotary Paper Trimmer (199080) instead because it doesn't have a groove. That one is MUCH better."
"I've used Fiskars punches for years so when my new craft required a bigger trimmer I felt safe getting a Fiskars brand one.  After using it for only 2 crafting sessions, I am disappointed that the blade does not stay in the track.  I rarely make it threw one swipe before the blade comes out somewhere along the plastic guide, not just at the blade changing section.  It has created the groove on the base to have cut marks on it's sides b/c it doesn't stay in the plastic flip up ruler guide so even if it does a full cut it isn't straight.

Sadly I would not buy this again and I recommend you don't spend your money on it either.  I'm chalking it up to a waste of money and am on the hunt for a new paper trimmer.  Does anyone have an suggestions on a good quality paper trimmer?"
"it's  a dream. finally i mange to cut paper, photos, cardstocks. it cuts everything. very easy to use!!!
i love it."
"This paper trimmer cuts like a dream. Unlike other paper trimmers where you have to go over the paper twice sometimes, with this paper trimmer...once is always enough n matter how thick the paper. Fiskars products tend to have excellent quality baldes."
"Where has this been all my life??  I make my own cards and do all kinds of crafts.  This thing has made my crafting SO much easier!  Works great, wonderful design and functionality.  The refills are a little pricey, but I've been using this for several months now and I'm still on the first blade.  Very happy!!"
"Didn't realize how much I'd be using this when I purchased this product.

Does a great job, I have much more consistent and straight cuts.

Note: 2 small things;
1) It would be nice if the ""cut track"" was colored black so you could see it better through the paper as the measurement lines on the actual unite.

2) The orange cutting unite pops out fairly easily when not being used.

Over all this is a great product and does a wonderful job cutting paper.

Happy Customer."
"Nice unit, very easy to use and change blades.  Gives a great clean cut and it very to see what and where you are cutting, a fantastic time saver"
"First, the rail that holds and guides the cutter has a small amount of play in it, so it is risky to depend on if you want/need an absolutely precise cut.  Second, the blade is just a tiny thing that should dull fairly rapidly, since it does all the cutting on one point.  The circular blades on other brands cut all around the circumference of the blade, so seem to last some multiple of pi longer.  It will work for some of my projects, but for some, I will go upstairs and use the ""good one"".  I wouldn't buy it again."
"Cuts great! I actually bought this mostly for cutting sandpaper for my finishing sander and it works great. I didn't think it'd last long using it with sandpaper, but after 3 months or so it's holding up great!"
"I have had another item like this product for the last ten years until one day it decided to go off track. I was happy with the prospect of this Fiskars as a replacement. I tried desperately to see if I could find another without the silly flower decorations. I couldn't quite realize why they would add this detail until I noticed the name of the item ""Portable Scrapbooking Trimmer."" Scrapbooking gear tends to have quaint like motifs embellishing them.  I can be happy at least the flowers are not pink but I still feel the need to apologize for its girly surface decoration whenever I have it out around others. My friend was amazed when she saw me using it and asked ""What is that? Where did you get it? Do they have ones without flowers on it?""
Despite its appearance it works even better than my old one. It slides through thicker paper and barely ever ""munches"" lighter paper. I especially like the addition of the measurement arm that swings out from underneath. The flat surface to lay your paper on it large enough to stabilize, measure and cut all sorts of sizes. I use this in my design work when cutting down images and text to go into sketchbooks. I love how portable and light this trimmer is. It is so easy to use I have used it on my entire bus commute to college.
There are a couple flaws and sadly they both have to do with the blade of the trimmer. There is a slot at one end that will allow the blade cartridge to be removed for replacement. The blade will sometimes fall out of the slot unexpectedly and then repeatedly, annoyingly. One such time the tiny blade sliced through my finger, resulting in a bloody mess.
If only they could fix this design flaw along with the silly flowers this little guillotine would be best imaginable."
We use this to cut shipping labels. It works great and is compact. We are really happy with this light weight small solution.
I recently bought this for some small paper projects I had - previously I had used scissors to cut everything and then found this -it is relatively small and lightweight and works great.  Highly recommend
"Small in size, but a well thought out and executed design.  Will work for most things even if you are not a scrap booker.  I work of my home.  I am a consulting chemist and a writer and use this to take paper that I have printed on and turn it into scratch paper.  It even comes with a spare blade and the small size easily fits in a desk drawer."
"This is great for cheap crafting. My edges aren't always perfect, but that might be more my fault than the trimmer. Works well for what I need."
i am satisfied with this cute cutting device however one little suggestion is that it should be accompanied with not only the blades for cutting but one that will score the cardstock...other than that it cuts just fine
"I purchased these for some hand-embellished invitations. We used these to cut a heavy metallic paper to use as envelope liners, and also to cut the matching cardstock as a backing on some inexpensive printed invitations. Overall the product looks great and the trimmer works very well. I particularly like the fold-in/fold-out ruler that allows you to precisely measure and cut wider pieces of paper, but that it doesn't increase the size of the trimmer.

The only reason this doesn't get 5 stars is that it does sometimes leave fuzz on the edges (not always, though not surprisingly, it has this problem with very narrow cuts) and there were some noticeably rounded corners. I would guess the latter ""tail"" is created by a change in cutting pressure near the end of the paper. Arguably, this is due to user error (as are the fuzzy edges) but I would want a perfect 5* device to make it (more) difficult for me to make these mistakes. But overall, the edges look clean and crisp, so a good product. No regrets about this purchase at all."
Cool product. It worked perfect for us. I would buy it if i were you for sure. Thanks again guys.
"It's a good thing it comes with an extra blade, so I will be able to replace the one I will eventually lose since it just falls out of the cutter. Look at it and it will fall out. Sneeze. Use or not, it will fall out. I like the flip out ruler which helps a bit with greater accuracy. I like the fact the bar lifts up to clean out the little slivers that accumulate. Very nice portable trimmer.

I wonder if it is designed to fall out.  Oddly, I have difficulty getting it back in each time! But I do.

Very handy for small amounts of paper or card stock and quite portable (except you need to tape the cutter blade to it, or carry it separately somehow, and not get cut!

I gave it 4 stars, because I doubt the alternatives are as good at cutting. At least not the similar ones I have looked at in stores, that cost more."
I use this exclusively to cut pictures into tiny squares for a scrapbook. The blade is sharp and precise. I'm able to have very thin trims to get pictures cut to a precise size. Highly recommended if you plan on cutting pictures.
"One of the best scrapbook paper trimmer's I've used.
So good I bought a second - one for home and one to keep in my classroom."
It's meant to cut in a straight line.  It does.  The guide line is pretty damn accurate.  What else is there to say?
"This trimmer is easy to use, cuts the paper without much hassle or tearing. It is 12 inch, but I found that it is best to use paper that is slightly shorter than 12"".
I really should've bought this years ago since I cut paper often, and with the ease of this contraption, it is a real time saver"
I love the swing out arm that allows this compact cutter to be used with 12x12 sheets of paper and cardstock.
"This is the perfect tool for everyday. It's small so it's easy to store, but does a great job, and
it's exactly what I was looking for. Great price too."
"When I ordered it, I wasn't sure what to expect even though the reviews on this product was already positive. I am really satisfied with the product I received. It's very easy to use and handy in my art projects.

I am not sure how long I can use it before I need to change the trimmer blade but for the time being, I love it and I would recommend it."
"I use a paper cutter at work and I still can't cut a straight line. This little trimmer is easy, efficient and reasonably priced. I use it for my art work and it's great! I highly recommend it."
This item is truly a life saver for the different projects I have to do for my church.  The razor is very sharp and cuts through my papers fast and smooth.  I appreciate that it even comes with a replacement blade which is very easy to install.
"I used to have a similar trimmer, but somehow it never was returned by my granddaughter.  The new improved style is better than before!"
best thing I ever have in my classroom. no need ta go find one when I need it because its there. perfect size to put anywhere.
"I wish I had bought this several years ago. It's great. Clean straight cuts every time. If you work with scrapbook paper, you need this."
"I like that it's small, but that means that you need to use the extension arm to cut larger pieces of paper. Getting the correct measurement is just awkward. eh. it's fine."
"I was a little concerned about the size of the cutter but it works great.  The cut is sharp and even, the unit remains still and it easy to store.  Highly recommend."
Nice tool to have to trim paper in a jiffy. It cuts the paper nicely and precisely. I would recommend this item again.
"I don't know why I didn't ""invest"" in this trimmer sooner! I have been using the Marvy Uchida trimming buddy that I found locally for $14 on sale. It's worked great, but doesn't cut paper like this Fiskars. In regards to size, they are about the same height and width. The fiskars is less bulky and easier to put away in my file box. The Marvy's blade is tall and cumbersome when trying to stash.

Comparison:

The Marvy blade is concealed and only exposed when pushing down to trim paper.
Fiskars uses a pointed tip blade that has no cover and the entire blade piece (including handle) easily pops off of the cutter. Be careful when storing.

I found the Fiskars easier to use. You can easily see where you're cutting. The Marvy blade unit is bulky and although you can line up the edge to guide the blade, the Fiskars is just easier to see.

When cutting with Marvy, if you have to really push down on the blade, there is a tendency to push on the guide arm as well leading to crooked cuts and expiration dates trimmed off of your coupons. Be careful.

With Fiskars, depending on how many sheets you're cutting, it requires less effort. I usually trim no more than 7 sheets of regular 20lb copy paper. I haven't had a need to trim anything heavier.

Marvy is just a smidge bit bulkier and heavier than the Fiskars.

Maintenance wise, the fiskars replacement blades are cheaper than marvy. I've had a hard time finding Straight Marvy replacement blades (which led me to buying this cutter).

Now that I have both, I prefer the Fiskars and marvy is now my backup.

Please store your cutters away from childrens reach. The Marvy's blade is concealed and does not come off of the cutter without a hard turn. The Fiskars blade is not concealed and can pop off easily. Either way, it's always better to be safe than sorry.

Hope this review helps you!"
Replaced an Xacto medium duty cutter. This model has a variable depth cutting edge but the depth of the cutting blade is such that you limited in the number of pages that you can cut at any one time. The centerline of the cut can be hard to see for old eyes
"I bought this to cut card stock paper. That shouldn't be so difficult. But the cutting mechanism is a blade that slides along and pushes the paper into a groove in the plastic. That means that as I cut, my paper gets folded a little at the ends. I'm using a paper cutter to get straight lines and nice cuts. It sucks that this can't do that effectively.

On top of that, the part used to make measurements (the grey part with flowers in the picture) is a sticker that's stuck down on the plastic. It's still sticky around the edges (I guess where the sticker has shifted a little)! That meant that my paper got little sticky goo on it when I cut. And since it's a sticker that seems to have shifted around a bit, it's not even stuck on straight. So if you line your paper up on one side, 0.5 inches is different than if you line it up on the other side.

But it is very compact and didn't cost very much. I still think I'd pay a few extra bucks and re-arrange my craft drawers to make more room and get a slightly nicer cutter in the future."
I bought this to cut down invitations for my wedding and other things that I design. It's great for a semi-thick card stock (100lb cover) and I can usually cut 2 pieces at a time if i press firmly and slowly. It's a bit tricky at first to know where the blade actually cuts but once you figure that out it's really easy to use. Definitely recommend this! And it comes with an extra blade!
I purchased this trimmer as I was making my own invitations and other projects. I had to cut 100 sheets of thick card stock. It cut straight and I could cut two pieces of the card stock paper at a time. The cuts were clean. It's easy to use and stores away nicely due to its compact size. It works better and cuts much more accurately than my clunky expensive paper cutter at work.
"This is a five-star product except the actual cut line (where the blade channel is) should be marked in a contrasting color.  Yes, I know that you can use the other markers when lining up the cut, but sometimes you just want to line up the paper quickly next to a marker.  I solved the problem myself with a permanent marker, but would have preferred it to be a part of the original product.

On the other hand, a very light weight usable product."
But really I use it to make materials for my clients. I am an SLP and you really just can't survive without this. Nice straight cuts are perfect and it can cut through a couple sheets and even laminated sheets.
"I love this item! First of all this isn't your typical paper cutter that you raise the arm and pull it down to slice the paper. Which is one of the reasons I love it! I have purchased the Fiskars arm type cutter twice now and both times the blade chipped and it was unable to be used.

By the way, This one came with an extra blade too! I love that you can line up the paper and cut where exactly you need too. I have used it with 110 card stock and Ive also used it to cut out adhesive labels. At present I have easily cut about 100 cards out of card stock and as many labels and its still going strong and I haven't used the new blade yet!"
"I use this thing weekly, especially for shipping (usps click n' ship anyone?).

Its small, compact and affordable and is perfect for my minimal single to 3 page needs. If you need a workhorse - this is not for you.

Ive been using it for about three months now and I'm still on the first blade."
"I am very please with this paper trimmer. I use it for craft projects, and my daughter-in law uses it to create teaching materials for her students. We have limited space, so this trimmer is perfect for us."
Very nice trimmer! I love it and it works great for scrapbooking and making cards! Easy to use and put together.
"I guess it's my own fault. In the short description it stated that it had an aluminum top so I thought it would be sturdy. When I received it,and saw that it was to flimsy to cut hardly anything and was all plastic, I went back to the full description and saw that the aluminum top was aluminum veneer. A sticker that covered the top of the trimmer. The cutting blade is a piece of very flimsy plastic that you have to hold just right to even get it to close along the cutting edge. You're lucky to get it to cut anything. I have no use for it. I threw it in the closet. Maybe when my grandchildren come over they can play with it. I definitely don't have to worry about them getting cut by it. But it was cheap. If you don't want to spend much money and don't care if it cuts or not this is just what you need."
"This paper trimmer is good for my use, which is to cut a few sheets of contact slips at a time for my ebay business. I have a custom sheet with my logo and contact info on it, so I need to make sure the cuts are appropriately spaced and not cutting through the text (there are eight slips per sheet). This does a great job for that; I cut 3-4 sheets at a time but you could probably add a couple more if you needed to. If you need something heavier duty, I wouldn't buy this as it is mostly plastic, but it would be great for crafting or light office use."
"I'm a scrapbooker and this Fiskars paper trimmer has made my projects a breeze.

 I love the larger size of this trimmer. I work with large scrapbooking sheets a lot, and they fit perfectly in this trimmer. I can cut them to any size I need -- with a nice clean cut.

If you like to create your own cards for special occasions, this trimmer cuts through cardstock with ease. This is such a fun project. You can use stamp kits, gel pens for lettering, and just embellish to your hearts content. I make them often. The recipient is always pleased to recieve a handmade card personalized just for them, and this trimmer makes it so easy.

The cutting guard is clear so you can see exactly where you're cutting, and the rubber feet keep it stable on any surface. There's a handy swing arm measuring aide. Lightweight and portable as well.

And frankly... I love the cute flower design! Highly recommend for scrapbookers and  paper crafters alike."
"Clean cuts and easy to use.  The blade cutter only came off once.  But it does what I need it to go, cut paper."
"I love having my very own paper cutter!  It folds up and is easily stored so you can bring it out quickly for even just one cut.  I also love how it came with an extra blade....very nice!!  I told my daughter about it, she bought one and loves it too!"
"I purchased the paper trimmer to use in cutting bags for my food saver vacuum sealer. I WORKS GREAT. We get a nice straight cut, and can measure exactly how large we want the bag to be. Maybe they should include this application as part of the marketing. lol"
"A really nice paper trimmer for lightweight work. It uses a small razor blade tip embedded in the orange slider. The transparent bar grips the paper nicely and allows you to see any markings you've made on it. The cutter pops out easily as well. At first, I thought that was a detractor, but then I realized that should the razor get stuck in heavyweight material or you forgot to slide it back before lining up your next sheet, you could just pop it out and reinsert in a clear area without having to remove your paper and line it up again. Also great if you need to cut a slit just in the middle or the edges of a sheet. It cuts through one sheet of paper like butter. Multiple sheets (even just three) are a struggle. Still, for the price, it's still a good purchase, and I've used it to my satisfaction numerous times since receiving the item."
"I use this mostly for crafts, so mostly for cutting paper. It has worked very well. I do wish that the markings on the extension ruler, had better markings for 1/4, 1/2, and 3/4. The blade pops out easily. All in all, it's a great little cutter."
"Purchased this for Trimming Photos, DVD covers, etc... My worries were the unit was not going to be able to handle professional use - at this point I have  trimmed several thousand Covers and hundreds of Photo's, mind you one at a time, I am using 50 to 75 lb stock so they are fairly thick and to this point it has been perfect. Attached to the base unit there is a clear plastic ruler that lifts up, you slide the Photo underneath it, aligning the top and bottom with a groove, then slide the orange blade piece down cutting the photo, then you lift up the plastic piece again - spin the photo to the other edge and run the orange blade piece back the opposite direction of what you just did - upwards or downwards.  The resulting trim is straight and precise, continuing this motion until all edges are trimmed. There is a limit to the thickness that you will be able to cut, the Orange cutting piece that you see in the picture, contains a small corner of a blade, I would imaging this is going to need replacing and procedures are included in the directions telling you the name of the replacement blade. I have not replaced the blade as of yet, and it comes with two of them of the shelf in the package. Item works great and for the total price delivered being less than the cost of having one ream of paper cut professionally you would be hard pressed to beat it economically.  For the small business owner ( meaning your own hard working self) this is one less problem you have to worry about."
"This is a decent lightweight trimmer which is mainly useful for cutting smaller bits of paper or lightweight card. I find it awkward for cutting anything much bigger than 8x10 inches, despite the fold-out guide, as it doesn't hold the paper firmly enough (and it can slip out of position and you get an uneven cut)."
Great for miscellaneous cutting at an engineers' workstation. No guidewire like I thought it had for showing the cut-line but after a couple of cuts you can easily measure the cut-line location from the grid underneath.
"This is exactly what I needed. It doesn't take up a lot of space, the cutter works great (I use it to trim photos). I would definitely recommend!"
This paper trimmer is so easy to use and thin enough to store on end between my desk and wall.
Works so well! I love it!  It cuts through card stock without a problem and is basically like going through butter on everything I've tried the past few months with it.
"I really like this, I do scrap booking  &  it is easy to use plus stays put on the surface you put it on"
I would have given it a 5 star rating if it had the guide wire down the center. It is a nice trimmer.
I bought this because of the fantastic reviews! I use it to cut coupons and inserts for my planner that I print. It cuts nicely and is the perfect size for my desk. I would highly recommend this! It even came with an extra blade!
"This paper cutter works well esp for 12x12.  It cuts well & I will def be using it often.  I do have to say that you have to make sure it is lined up perfectly or it will be a little crooked.  Other than that I have no complaints.  It might just be me needing to get used to it, but I really enjoy it.  It saves me so much time!"
"This cutter is flimsy plastic and the blade was easily dented and dulled. It can't handle very many pages at one time. It's OK for the price, but if you can afford something better, do!"
My wife uses this weekly to cut handouts for church. She loves it even more than the old worn X-Acto paper trimmer it replaced.
I love this little cutter. It is visually appealing and works great on at least 5 papers. Never tried more. Good for what I need.
"I needed a paper cutter to (usually) cut 8 1/2  x 11 paper into smaller sizes. This will handle at the most 2-3 sheets at a time. Also, when trying to cut the length in half there is no way to measure properly. I need 5.5 inches. This only goes to 4.75 inches. If you cutting small sizes, one at a time this may be ok, but not for bulk cutting. Next time I will spend more money."
this is my 1st time using this. it was so wonderful to use as a 1st timer...lol thank you so much for this wonderful buy. I must say I'm new to this scrapbooking and I'm getting the hang of it.
"It cuts straight, but isn't as well built as other Fiskar Trimmers I have had. The measurements are on a sticker-type paper pressed onto the board, not built in as others. Will see how long it lasts."
Good deal for the price :) Also compact so I don't have to spare a lot of space for it! The little blade likes to come out a lot but I am ok with it.
"The orange cutting blades keep sliding out easily. I have only used for a couple weeks. I love the extended measure bar to assist in cutting right on and dimensions are accurate.  However, I am glad I found my old cutter 10+ years, the blades stay in unit firmly. I wish I could find a cutter that combines both qualities in one"
"I've had several versions of these small paper trimmers for school projects and what not and so far this one is the best. I love the slide out ruler, the ease of changing blades, and the compactness that allows me to store it without feeling it's cluttering my area up. A must-have for paper crafters and offices alike."
I have an old Fiskars rotary paper trimmer that I love but can no longer find the blade housing for it. It required replacing the whole housing not just the blade. I should have purchased another rotary trimmer but didn't realize this thing would be so bad based on the rave reviews. This thing shreds every piece of paper after cutting a couple of sheets. It won't cut through anything thicker than regular paper. Forget using it for anything other than thin paper and good luck with it lasting longer than a few sheets. The blade constantly comes out of the slot when you bring it back to the beginning. What a pain! I'm throwing this thing away! What a waste of money!!!
I love this cutter. You don't need to be a scrapbooker to find these useful. I bought this one for cutting strips of paper for making beads. A must have for anyone who does crafts with kids.
Originally both this specifically for cutting coupons. Perfect size cutting board for coupon inserts. I love that the piece holding the blade opens up so you can slide the sheets in easily and use it as something to hold what you are cutting in place. Excellent value for the product especially since it comes with an additional blade.
I am using these frequently and find them very handy. I laminate bookmarks to advertise my business and use this to cut the bookmarks. We have also printed some of our own business cards on card stock and use this to cut the sheets into business card sizes.
"This Fiskars Portable Paper Trimmer works perfectly.  I use it for cutting cards, and it slices through them in good order."
"I was hesitant to buy a trimmer because of the differing comments made in the Review section of some of them.  However, this trimmer has done a great job for me.  I have used the trimmer for many paper items, and it has always worked well for me.  I do onlky trim one piece of paper at a time.

There is one thing that would make this trimmer even better.  Where the arm folds out, the measuring part along that edge does not truly show measurements between 5"" and 6"".  This was easily taken care of by using a black Sharpie to mark what I needed to know for the things I make that are between those measurements.

Even with that, I would buy this again."
I bought this for my mom as an early Christmas gift.  Mom had a stroke so she struggles with most paper trimmers.  This is a replacement to a very old and worn out trimmer.  The Fiskars trimmer is just what she needed in our home office.  Uses it everyday!
"We bought this for arts and crafts projects of our kids. I must say we truly love this product. We can get straight and consistent cuts with this cutter. We used this for paper, card stocks as well as thin card boards and everything cut perfectly. The stock blades are still working fine, so no complaints there. The markings on the cutter are clear and are very useful. The blades sometimes come off, so you need to be little careful with them. Overall I would recommend this product."
My savior. .This item helps me with my coupon clippings daily. It is easy to use and safe. Live it
"I needed just a basic paper cutter to cut cards, pictures, and paper crafts and this definitely did the trick! I had gotten a more expensive paper cutter from Office Max and it would NOT CUT STRAIGHT! This one is very straight and true. I love the measurement guidelines. I can cut a couple pieces of card stock at a time with no problem.

My only complaint is how easily the blade pops off sometimes, a minor inconvenience but still an inconvenience."
"I don't know what took me so long to buy this product.  For years I haven't been able to cut a straight line.  I keep it handy and use it all the time to cut paper for crafts, sheets of wrapping paper and various other paper products."
Typical Fiskars quality - a must have for all sewers and quilters.  Compact and easy to store - good value for the money
"I had a half page Fiskars paper cutter for years, but dropped it on a hard floor and the guide broke off.  So far, this one is working well for me."
"so far so good, I don't do a lot of crafting but so far when using this trimmer I have had good results, the blades are easy to replace and is very sharp"
This is an excellent paper trimmer.  I especially like it's measurement tool which is very helpful. It was perfect for trimming the handmade Christmas cards.
"Replaced a different brand cutter with this one and were not disappointed.  Works well and cuts through things with ease.  The swing out arm helps to position everything.  Lining items up is much easier than the other brand.  Clean cuts, good measurement lines, and an extra cutter with it make it an all-around winner."
Works for our purpose. We would recommend this product for those looking for a good price and for a quality product.
"cuts well and is a nice portable size
i like it
it comes with an extra blade too
it's sharp and cuts well
only works on single pgs though"
"While this does work depending on what you are cutting, I wouldn't purchase again. The blade is not very large or sharp and if the paper you are trying to cut is thin, it will tear it up. I tore many pages up while trying to cut them and so it defeated the purpose."
This is a handy little tool. The only downfall is the little orange piece falls off to easy but that is a minor set back. Other than that it works great.
"Pros:  +Cutting action is smooth
  +Cutting board is stable
  +Very portable

Cons:  -Track and blade mechanism is too loose, making paper alignment for straight cuts difficult.
  -Requires a little too much guess work to cut right on the lines."
Works like a charm!  Be careful trying to re-trim photos as this can cause the edge to be frayed.  Other than that it works great.
I'm not into making cards but do have a lot of paper projects that require cutting in straight lines. This works really well in making straight cuts with impeccably clean edges.
This is great.  This is the one you should buy.  It cuts very clean and the blade is easy to replace.  The ruler is easy to use and the plastic guide makes the cutting almost fool proof.  I buy card stock pages and then cut the card stock into business cards.  You can get 10 business cards out of one regular 8.5 inch by 11 inch page.  I use the business cards to write down all my internet username and passwords and then place all these into the clear plastic pages that hold 10 business cards.  If your kids are studying vocabulary words you can cut up the card stock into business card sized cards and use these for vocabulary words.  It is a lot cheaper buying cardstock than buying the business card pages.
"Used these guys to cut out paper and laminated paper. Thought the blades were going to be too small but they were great! So much better than the big metal ones that scraped when you cut, requires minimal effort. Definitely a great product."
"A simple little cutter for small projects! Worked great. Comes with a replacement blade and measurements on the base. It has a flimsy feel to it but like I said, it did the job."
Good to cut a dozen papers then trash it! My scissors do a better job than this cutter. Waste of money!
"Love this little paper trimmer. It is perfect for making hang tags for my handwovens and felted items. I just got it today, so I don't know how long I will continue to love it. But for now, I think it was well worth the money!"
"I bought this specifically because of all the positive reviews. Big mistake. This is a cheaply designed and manufactured product. The blade sits sloppily on the thin, plastic slide and wobbles back and forth. Unless you are very, very careful, your cuts will always be wavy.  As another reviewer said, I can do a better job with my scissors.  If I had a chance to do it over, would pass on this one."
"It is small enough to fit in tight spaces and does an excellent job in cutting labels.
Much better than my scissors and takes less time to do my job.
Will see how well it does over a period of time.  I like the fact that
it comes with an extra blade.  Wondering, as I opened the Portable Paper
Trimmer, when I saw the extra blade, if the one that comes with it will need to
be replaced in a short period of time??  Time will tell.  Will keep you posted."
This is a great product for the price point. I used it when putting together invitations and the only complaint I have is the little handle for moving the blade comes off easily.
I use this and admire its portability.  I believe the newer wider edition with a wire guide is a better tool.  For light weight and to haul to crops - this trimmer is very good.
"It gives a nice straight edge, easy to use, nice measurement feature that folds under for easy storage. I have not had it long but I really like it."
"I got this to slice cardstock for my wedding projects, and it worked pretty ok. The blade seemed to dull fairly quickly, although it is still sharp enough to cut normal paper. This is kind of a meh product, but the quality is really great. Just wish the blade were a bit bigger / more pronounced."
Just what I needed to cut paper for my copier that was too long. I can use the cut paper for my printer too.
"I puchased this trimmer because my mom had a slider trimmer for scrapbooking. So, I purchaced this soley on its cuteness alone. To my surprise it was not cheap plastic like my mother's which cost around the same as this one! It's sturdy, i say that, thinking if i sat on it that it would not break haha! Love the guided lines for your standard sized photos too. Great Product."
"I wanted to like this paper trimmer because a) several of my scrapbooking friends recommended it, b) it's so lightweight and handy to store, and c) everything Fiskars makes looks good. And I did like it until I tried to cut a color magazine page. Instead of cutting, it bunched up the paper. Not good! It did the same with two other pages before I gave up trying. I guess this model is good for some uses, but for the rest I'm going back to the old reliable guillotine style of paper cutter."
Great value. The paper cutter is very light and even fits in my bookbag. My only complaint is that the swing out arm doesn't have a guard rail.
"I don't have a lot of space for my crafts, so I am impressed with how well it works and how little space it uses.
Very cleverly designed."
"If you want to cut paper, buy this product.
If you want to cut paper precisely, buy this product.
If you want to look at pretty floral designs whilst cutting paper, buy this product.
If you do not want to cut paper, precisely, while looking at a floral design, and hate America than do not buy this product. Otherwise, great paper trimmer."
"Love this for little projects around the house, plus small school efforts.  I'm not crafty, so it gets the job done for my small endeavors & 5th grade projects for sure!"
"It worked for what I needed making wedding invites and save the dates and whatnot. However, if you have a lot to do it will take awhile because you will not get a straight cut if you stack your paper in it."
"I needed a new trimmer for scrapbooking and cutting out coupons.  This works great, even better then my old Fiskars trimmer."
"I got this to cut 20 lbs printer paper and 80-100lbs card stock to make my own wedding welcome cards and to trim down thank you postcards to send to guests. For projects of this scale (relatively simple DIY projects), I think it works great. I did have a few mistakes with not cutting straight, but I'm sure that was due to my lack of experience using a paper cutter. This also comes with an additional blade, but I was able to cut 150+ welcome cards and 50+ postcards and the blade still does not need to be replaced.  For this price and for what I was using it for, it's an overall great buy."
"Moved into a condo with limited space from our long term home .. was tired of going to Kinko's to use their paper cutter!  Ordered this small portable paper cutter to cut heavy 110# card stock .. was delivered this morning with my FANTASTIC Amazon Prime Shipping (one of the best investments I've ever made for $79 .. along with the 3% to 1% discount I get with the Chase Visa on every Amazon purchase I make!  I had a hard time finding this particular Visa so am going to give the link  (&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/www-amazon-com-feature-html-docId-1000796661-TARGET/dp/B007URFTYI/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">www amazon com feature html docId 1000796661 TARGET</a>&nbsp;).

I then used the Fiskars paper cutter to cut about 100 sheets of this really heavy 110# card stock .. WONDERFUL!  I am SO delighted .. wish I done this a long time ago!  I bought this particular cutter because I've always had good luck with Fiskars scissors  .. there were so many paper cutter choices .. so I really purchased based on brand name .. LUCKY!  Great choice .. really happy with purchase .. again .. wish I'd done it a long time ago .. have been doing SO many jobs (kinda crooked at times!) by hand rather than making a trip to Kinko's to use theirs!

UPDATE:  I decided to purchase an xtra blade before a ""model change"" or whatever .. hate it when I am pleased with a product and then all of a sudden can't get a part!  After reading some confusion re which one to order .. I finally went to the Fiskar website and found it:&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/B000OMZW16/dp/B000OMZW16/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">B000OMZW16</a>&nbsp;.  The:  Triple 196870-1001 Track Refill Blade For No. 9893  by Fiskars.  Hope this saves someone else some time!"
This trimmer is compact and works very well.  The blade needs some attention to ensure you don't pop it out if you're trying to do a lot of precise cutting quickly and it may fall out while transporting if you're not mindful.
"Love it, this item is very clean cut and easy to use. I would purchase another if I needed one"
I did a lot of research on paper trimmers before I ordered.  have used it quite a bit.  pleased with my purchase.
"I'm new to scrapbooking and I thought this paper trimmer would be perfect for my needs.  I just tried to cut some cardstock paper and it only scored it. I used the cutting blade that it came with, not a scoring blade.  The blade wouldn't cut all the way through, and I tried to go over the scoreline a few times and I finally gave up.  The paper was not that thick, I have thicker cardstock that I wanted to cut initially, but I thought it best to try the thinnest I had.  I primarily wanted this to cut thicker paper, but it doesn't perform the way I had hoped it would.  I wanted to see how much paper it could handle.

I then tried 1 sheet of laser printer paper and that cut beautifully, so I knew the blade was sharp.  This trimmer can handle up to 4 sheets of paper in my experience, but it frayed the edges pretty badly when I tried adding a 5th sheet of paper.

I'm going to try to return this and look for one that can handle more paper or sturdier paper.  If anyone has any recommendations that won't break the bank, please let me know.  Until then, I'll keep looking."
"Everything is working out good with this cutter, the blade is holding up, too. It got 4 stars because the alignment is a little off which is making my cuts off. I can just adjust the paper and get it straight. I think it was a good buy all in all."
Exactlu what I was looking for. I am using it to trim photos for scrapbooking and making cards. Works great
"Very satisfied with product, it help me the so many ways. I used it on crafts, projects, reports and even origami. This Paper Trimmer got the job done and made things much quicker and easier."
"Pros:
1) Cuts photos very fast and neatly.
2) Edges allow for accurate 90 degree edges
3) Portable and compact
4) Comes with extra blade

Cons:
1) Blade tends to detach during
2) Feels somewhat cheap
3) Design is very feminine"
I am a very crafty person and have been on the fence about buying one of these. I finally bought one because I was getting ready to make wedding invitations. This product has done so many cuts and I am still on the first blade!
This is not as sturdy as larger paper cutter. However it does the job for 99.9% of want I want to do. I save space and time with this.
"Well, this is like every other paper trimmer I had.......just safer, more accurate, stronger, yet compact. Fits in my file cabinet.
Nuff said.
Vic"
The real test of a paper trimmer is whether it can accurately trim off a sliver of paper from a photo that has been trimmed at not quite the right angle.  Most cutters with a scissor blade fail (unless they are extremely sharp) because they tend to fold the paper over.  The Fiskars uses a small blade that runs across the paper and cuts very accurately even in the test situation described above.  The blade is easily replaceable.
"I purchased this after reading so many positive reviews.  The first observation upon using was that by the end of the first week, I needed to change the blade.  Well, the blades don't seem to handle the cardstock (sold for scrapbooking) well.  They seem to get chewed up.  I have since replaced it with a rotary blade cutter and am hopeful the those blades will last longer.

I would not recommend this product."
I have used several cutters to trim photos from my printer and so far this one has worked the best.  You cannot do a lot of pictures at once but for one or two it works amazing.  It folds up to take up less space and it comes with an extra replacement blade.
"I bought this item, and I really like how it gives the measurements on it. The extended ruler is another thing I really like, but the cutter on it is horrible. I do not like it at all."
"Just what i needed for trimming those pesky edges of laminated pictures and recipe cards. Nice product will see how i holds up, but for now just what i needed for a non-commercial application."
"This is my first papper trimmer and boy, does it make life easier. I used to try cutting straight lines using scissors but it was always obvious. This trimmer is super easy to use and lining up the paper for the exact cut you want is super easy. I only cut one sheet at a time though, so I don't know how well it works with multiple sheets. But for what I need it for it works perfectly."
For the price it appears to preform a decent job.  Don't try for too many pieces for cutting at one time.
"There are only three issues that I can thing of regarding this Portable Paper Trimmer.

1) Unless you're cutting very thin paper, you should only consider using this to cut one page at a time. If you're cutting two or more pages, your cuts are not likely to be accurate.

2) If you slide the cutting blade all the way to the left and then turn the paper trimmer up-side-down, the blade can easily fall out. On the other hand, removing the old blade and installing the included spare blade is a breeze.

3) My only real issue is that if you're trying to trim off a very small amount of paper (around an eighth of an inch) the leading edge for the paper (that is the far side of that eighth of an inch of paper) gets hung up grid-patterned sticker that is on the far side of the blade. I use this paper trimmer almost exclusively for trimming art work for DVD case covers, which entails trimming two narrow strips for every cover.
If you look at the blown-up picture of the item, the offending sticker is visible through the transparent blade guide. It dawned on me that I could peel the sticker off. Problem solved."
"Been using this for almost a year and I only  recently had to buy blade changes. And I use this all the time for cutting anything from card stock to pictures to crafty paper. Now one must be reasonable as to how many papers it can cut. Turn over the paper cutter and there is a tiny blade. If your card stock is thicker than the blade, it won't cut it!
As far as measuring accuracy I have  found it extremely accurate. If you are looking for something scientifically accurate to the 100th of  a millimeter get real, this will not work. And this is not meant to cut 20 pages at a time. If you cut in bulk get a true bulk paper cutter. This is an easy no brainer product. I hope this helps out balance the negative reviews!"
"Works great for coupon cutting and fulfills my insatiable need for uniformity in doing so.

Pros: Comes with extra cutting head. Small Size.

Cons: Doesn't have any lasers."
"Very satisfied with Fiskars paper trimmer.  Only been using it for about a month; light use only, but it does fine with up to 7 pages of 24 wt. paper.  Makes straight cuts.  No wire on this one; cutter travels in slit in the vertical ruler.  Fold out (horizontal) ruler works well, however my use was cutting an 8.5 X 11 inch paper in half on the long side, so I needed cuts of exactly 5.5, and that wasn't easy to see marked on the ruler.  Once I figured it out, it was great!  I had considered a rotary cutter, but choose this one because I thought it would be easier to see just where to cut.  No  For example, when you want to trim a little off, not necessarily using the ruler.  Can't beat the price.  Compact and easy to store when not in use."
I love Fiskars products and this one is a winner too!  It cuts through paper perfectly and even very heavy card stock!  I'm thrilled with it!  Thanks Fiskars and Amazon!  Highly recommend!
"I so badly wanted to like this item because I really needed one. Well, as soon as it was delivered I tried it out. I used a single sheet of cardstock and it would not cut clean lines. Yes, this thing does cut your paper, but it leaves the edges looking hairy. That's what I call it when the paper doesn't get cut right. I tried another sheet (by itself) and it would NOT cut. Finally, I tried pushing down on the blade really hard to see if that would make a difference (silly me), but it didn't do anything so I had to send it back. I grew skeptical and was fearful that I would have to spend a good chunk of money on a paper trimmer.

I did eventually purchase another paper trimmer and I am so totally in love with it. It's my Westcott titanium bonded paper trimmer.  It was very inexpensive, I'd say about the same price as this maybe a little less and it cuts my paper perfectly. I was even confident enough to use it on some pictures :)  I didn't buy it on Amazon because I was just at the store and decided to give the Westcott a try. Anyway, don't buy this Fiskars paper trimmer. It's horrible, but I must admit that Amazon was amazing enough to give me a full refund very quickly when I sent it back!"
"Inexpensive, good design, effective.  This is my second paper trimmer for scrap booking.  It has everything I need and replaces a cheaper brand that was used once and tossed due to its total uselessness and worthlessness."
"I needed a cutter to accurately cut out covers for a friends wedding dvds to send out to the people who had attended. I went with this over the cheaper options because of all the stellar reviews. Boy was I an idiot. This thing is a hunk of trash. The problem is, the cutter doesn't cut, so much as it tears. You would get the same results mashing the blade of a boxcutter on a slice of paper and sliding it up and down. That is essentially all you are doing with this product. Even when you do manage to get this thing to work right, there is no mechanism to hold what you are cutting in place, so you end up with slightly off cuts or finger-print smeared ink. So unless you want to waste $30 and another $50 in ink the way I did, aviod this at all costs! All in all I'd say this was the most worthless product I've ever bought. $30 for this? I'd be surprised if it cost more than 50 cents to make. If I could give this garbage negative stars, I would."
Even comes with an extra blade. Easy to use. Can't go wrong if you buy this trimmer. I highly recommend it.
"I have been on organizing kick lately, and this was the latest addition to my arsenal. I've been making and laminating signs with the laminator I got through an amazon lightning deal:&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Scotch-Thermal-Laminator-2-Roller-System-TL901/dp/B0010JEJPC/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Scotch Thermal Laminator 2 Roller System (TL901)</a>

I wanted to ensure I had perfectly straight edges, so I picked up this trimmer. It does exactly what I need it to - makes straight, clean cuts. It cuts through paper and lamination just fine. I like that the blade is easily replaceable, should it become dull."
"I used this trimmer to cut cardstock for my diy wedding invitations. It's very light which cuts down on shipping cost for me. It's also very easy to work with. The rubber feet keeps it from moving around while cutting and the extended arm is great for cutting larger size paper. For me,  the blade cut at least 40 pieces of cardstock on multiple sides before getting dull so it was good that the trimmer came with a replacement blade. This is a great purchase for someone whose into craft but you should definitely buy extra replacement blades if you intend to cut a lot of paper. Great purchase!!!"
Easy to use. Easy to find replacement blades. Good price for the product.  I like it because it is very portable.
"The Trimmer was bought for a Christmas Gift and the price, shipping and price was very pleasing. This was a great way to buy this trimmer."
"this cutter was not as good as i hoped, it does work, however  so far ive only gotten it to cut 2-3  pieces of paper all the way through at a time, i use for cropping  product instructions for items i sell , i needed it to cut more at once in order to save me time, product is light weight has 2 orange blades you slide across to slice sheets.. not as good as i hoped but it does okay, i guess you get what you pay for, ive only had it a week so not sure how long it will last so i cant say say.

UPDATE!
OK..i been using a little more and i got it to  cut more paper .. but sometimes it still don't get thu tem you gotta go back again.. just press down more firm.. still only 3 starts maybe 3.5 now :)"
"This is really a portable paper trimmer. However, I wish the blades did a better job of cutting at least 2 cardstock together."
"If you are about to buy a paper cutter just go for this one. I use it to cut up to 4 sheets of 24# paper at a time, one slice of the blade and they are all clean cut. My trimmer has been under VERY heavy use for over 6 months and all parts still look great. I've bought replacement blades maybe 4 times (that's 8 blades total) due to very heavy use and needing a very clean cut. The accuracy on this cutter is phenomenal, with precision down to 1/8."" I love the fact that the cutting guard is clear. It's really easy to use, cuts straight, and it does not shift around during use though it is lightweight. THE BEST PAPER CUTTER EVER.

Seriously, I have recently attempted to replace this trusty trimmer with a couple different more expensive rotary trimmers. I thought making the investment one of these trimmers might help me get more work done quicker. Well, I was wrong. This review comes after another FAIL by the 2nd rotary trimmer I've purchased within a few weeks. After these bad experiences with supposedly better trimmers I'm ready to purchase more replacement blades for this awesome little trimmer!!!

Do not be dazzled by the claims some trimmers out there are making, they suck. They have ""cutting mats"" which are just pieces of plastic you end up slicing into every time you make a cut, and dull the blades. And, on these other trimmers you have to press down really hard- and they don't always cut through! To be fair, there's tons of rotary trimmers out there and maybe, just maybe *cough* or not *cough* there is a good one. It just makes me realize how wonderful this trimmer is.

Update on 6/1/2013
It's still working perfectly after over a year now.

Update on 2/25/2015
I have had the same trimmer now for 3 years and it still works great. The only change is some spots on it where the lines and design are have rubbed off. However that's just due to the way I use it. And it still works for me after daily use for 3 years!!

These are the replacement blades:
<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Triple-196870-1001-Track-Refill-Blade-For-No-9893/dp/B000OMZW16/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Triple 196870-1001 Track Refill Blade For No. 9893</a>"
"I had so many pictures of fall folliage, sunrises, sunsets, clouds, flowers and the sort of photos that no one would look at again so I bought card stock and the trimmer and have made some lovely all-occassion cards.  It was worth the investment and Fiskar's usual quality."
"I make greeting cards and often need to cut paper to specific sizes for layering or piecing a design. This cutter does a wonderful job.

It does take a bit of getting used to, but once you figure precisely where it cuts in relation to the ""groove,"" it's a piece of cake to get perfect cuts every time. Someone else mentioned that theirs cuts near the right side of the groove; mine cuts on the *left* side, so you'll need to test it out a bit to find your own particular ""groove."" Also, I've found that I need to apply a bit of pressure as I'm cutting; nothing major, just a ""firmness"" as I draw the blade.

I, too, purchased extra blades, just to be on the safe side. I really like this cutter, and intend to use it for all my card projects. For the money, you're getting a high-quality cutter that should last a long time."
"I purchased this to trim pictures.  I was first going to give it a bad review as I first had a hard time cutting anything well.  It first did not cut enough then I cut too much.  I knew that it cut somewhere inside of the indentation and finally discovered that it cut on the very right side of the indentation so I would lay the picture so that the edge was near the right edge of the indentation.  To check where it cuts you can lay the cutter on top of the paper (don't push it down) and there is a line on the cutter piece that shows where it will cut.  Do this at the top and the bottom of the picture without pushing it down again. Once you have the top and the bottom at the edge of the picture then go above the top (or below the bottom) and push (or pull) the cutter across the picture...Walla..Very accurate and very good, although you may cut slightly inside the picture you will notice that it is so small that it does not affect the picture."
"cuts cleanly, the groove that guides the blade is better than the wire that some fiskars trimmers depend that can loosen. nice compact size, though the limited space for lining up larger sheets of paper makes it somewhat less than ideal for frequent use on larger papers.

the swing-out measuring bar is a bit tough to pull out if you snap it all the way in place for storage.  the blade, as others have noted, falls out easily (i.e. when yanking the pull-out extension out, which can send the blade flying).  comes with a spare blade, but there is no where to store it on the paper trimmer itself.  the matte finish surface looks like brushed metal but it is foil-covered cardboard glued onto the plastic base.

not sure why one would pay the price here with shipping, as it's often half-off at joann's fabric (with a regular price of twenty four bucks)."
"I wanted an inexpensive way of cutting paper neatly and easily!  This solution was perfect, and I highly recommend it!

To be on the safe side, I ordered extra blades too ( Since the price was so reasonable and I intend I using it every chance I get.)"
I frequently either cut an article from the paper or a few coupons from junk mail.  This product had dramatically improved both the speed and accuracy of my cutting efforts.  It's delightfully simple to use and certainly beats my limited scissors skills.
"Great little paper cutter. I love how compact it is, making it really easy to store. There is a little bit of wobble, but for basic card making, it does the job."
"Love the line markings on the front for easy, quick positioning of common sizes for cutting. Easy to carry around."
"This is so cool. It's so lightweight and very precise. I thought I was going to have to buy one of those heavy, bulky cutters, and was wondering where I was going to put it. I totally recommend this one!"
I recently bought this paper trimmer when looking to make my families Disney World Scarpbook.  The price is AMAZING for the quality of the product.  I really like the rubber feet on the bottom of the trimmer.  The blade is very sharp and cut clean edges on the pictures that I was working with. I have to admit that I really liked the pattern on the board of this trimmer too.
"I have been using this paper cutter for about three weeks and really like it so far. It cuts will, although the blade holder pops out sometimes when I am using the cutter and I have to put it back in the track (which is easy). I have always trusted the Fiskars brand and am happy with my purchase (it is an upgrade from the cheap cutter I was using)."
"Given the price, the paper cutter does a great job of cutting construction paper to photo paper ... even 2 or 3 sheets at a time.  The blade is sharp and after a few weeks its still working like new.

Caution:  the blade sticks out about 1/8"" so if you forget its there or get careless, it can easily cut you.  I discovered this the hard way on the first day.  Fortunately the kids witnessed the event so they don't mess with it w/o asking."
this is nice paper cutter for small amounts of paper. It is not meant for cutting multiple sheets at one time.  It does however have preset lines on it for cutting many standard cut items which is helpfull
"I have always suggested Fiskars to other scrapbookers and card makers - and this Paper Trimmer is another tool I can add to the must-have list!  This trimmer does exactly what the packaging states-it is accurate, lightweight, has a really nice extension arm that locks into place, and when the blade eventually wears out, the packaging has a replacement all set for you.  I really like the nice clean cuts the blade provides, and has a great marking system for viewing your cutting lines.  I also like the new design on the trimmer.  The rubberized feet do hold the trimmer in place so it does not slide around while cutting paper.  I even tried the blade using thin chipboard and it cut thru it with a nice clean cut on the chipboard.

My suggestion--if you need a new paper trimmer, go out and get this one - you will not be disappointed!"
"I have been a fan of Fiskars cutters from the day I started scrapbooking.  I already have a couple different styles of their cutters but couldn't resist getting this one because of how cute it is!  This cutter has all the features I've grown to love about my previous cutters...the swing arm for measuring, the gridlines to guide paper placement, the good quality blade that produces clean cuts every time and it's lightweight and portable.  You won't be disappointed with this cutter!  I do have to comment that the swing arm which holds the blade seems backwards to me on this one.  On the two Fiskars cutters that I already own the swing arm opens by lifting it to your right and this one opens by lifting it to your left.  This is going to take some getting used to on my part.  However, I did not dock for this on the review because my girlfriends who have other cutter brands say theirs open the same way this one does...so really it's just all what you've gotten used to.  I'm sure I'll be used to it in no time!"
"The Fiskars 12 inch paper trimmer is fantastic. The blade is super sharp and cuts crisp edges on my pictures as well as paper. Even the thicker cardstock cuts smoothly with the trimmer. My favorite feature is the expandable 12 inch ruler since you can fold it in and out as you wish, which also makes it super compactable. I absolutely love this product and would highly recommend it to anyone looking for a great paper trimmer."
I have the personal trimmer from Creative Memories as well and I have to say that this is a lot smoother.  It has a cleaner cut and i can see exactly where it is going to cut.  I really like it.  It is a nice product.  My Creative Memories one will be handed down to my kids.  :)
"I have the same paper trimmer from Creative Memories and this one cuts just as good, if not better, very smooth and clean.  Great product!"
"This is a really nice paper trimmer.  It cuts straight, has the ruler guidelines on it to allow for exact sizes, sharp cutter so a precision cut each time, and is a excellent crafting tool for scrapbooking and school projects (poster board).  Great at cutting photos too!  Excellent tool to have on hand or to bring to events that require a lot of cutting."
"The paper trimmer is a great crafting tool. It cuts well, is light weight and easy to use. It's great for those paper/craft projects with the kids (with supervision)."
"Really like this cutting tool, the extending arm helps alot and the premarked sizes is a good time saver. Trimmer is not to oversized which helps with storing. Would recommend."
"I work on arts and crafts everyday in my classroom, this Fiskars Paper Trimmer works great for all my needs.  I can cut various thicknesses of paper and the extra sharp blade allows precise cuts - without the ragged edges.  The rubber feet allow the board to stay in place so I don't have to worry about it slipping around.  I've used many paper trimmers in my day, I have to say this is the best one so far!  Sturdy enough to take good use and I have to admit I love the flower design!"
"My favorite thing about this paper cutter is that there are different sized boxes printed on the flat surface to guide different cuts (4x6, 3x5 and many others).

I also like the extra arm the folds out from underneath to give even more room to measure.

Fiskars has great products, especially paper cutting products, because of the blades that they include.  The replacement blades are a little pricier than the ""cheap brand"" but they will out-cut the cheap brand by many sheets of paper.

Overall, this is one of my favorite paper cutters and and I really haven't found anything that I dislike about it!"
"My girlfriend bought this to use for making birthday cards and scrapbooking with 12x12 cardstock paper. She's a beginner but so far she has not had a problem with it! She said she can only cut two pieces of cardstock at a time but with regular paper, she can do quite a few more pages at once. It arrived quickly and in great shape. We are happy with our purchase!

She rated it four stars just because she was excited about the built-in ruler but it's a little difficult to lock back into place once she's done using it but that's not a huge deal.

P.S. It also comes with an extra blade that we almost accidentally threw away so don't forget to look for that!!"
"This has its uses...for cutting where you absolutely must see where the cut (or score, using the handy scoring blade) is going to be. It does a pretty good job, though the cuts aren't super clean, even with a new blade. I also have a Tonic guillotine trimmer, which requires NO maintenance and does an amazingly clean job of cutting. The only problem with the Tonic cutter is that it can be a little hard to see exactly where the cut is going to be. If I had to choose one printer, it's no contest: the Tonic guillotine is the best. I have had serious problems with Fiskars trimmers in the past...lousy cuts, not cutting straight, cropped photos not being square. I have given all of them away and even thrown one in the trash in disgust. So I'm cautiously pleased with this printer."
great trimmer
Easy to carry around and replace the blades when it gets worn out.
"very nice, easy to use"
Easy to use and cuts with precision.
Love it.
Had it less than a year and it broke only used it about 10 times. Normal use. The extended arm got stuck and the clear gard cracked.
Super til
"Very clear numbers, easy to use."
Perfect
"Did not like the design of this product. 1. the ruler open towards you making it awkward to put paper in. 2. blade falls out easily
and 3. the beveled design makes it difficult to line up paper correctly and where it falls on the ruler."
"I love this paper trimmer! I haven't ever really used one before, but I've gotten more crafty and this comes in handy more than I thought it would. I also love the cute design on it. I haven't used the ruler part yet, but I'm sure it would come in handy as well."
Good deal for the price!
"Works well, even with card stock.  Extra razor was a plus.  Compact size makes for easy storage."
"Don't like it as well as my Fiskars rotary paper cutter,  but since I can no longer find a replacement rubber strip, I guess this will have to do."
Cutting blade falls off easily so I need to occasionally reinsert it.
Works really well except that the ruler holding the blade area has a bit of give so if you accidentally push towards one side or the other you won't get a straigh line cut. It's not huge but it's noticeable if you're cutting thing that need to line up
Easy to use. Great value.
Doesn't always cut so have to go back over a single sheet of paper
love it
Works great!.
"I love all the different size templates that are printed on this cutter. It makes it so easy to cut down large sheets into smaller bits for pocket letters, etc. And the sliding blade is so much easier on the shoulder and elbow than the guillotine type of cutter when doing a high volume of cutting."
Great Buy!
Great item. Have used the heck out of it.
"Cheap lightweight solution that we use to cut vinyl.

Works great!"
"I don't know how I  managed without this cutter. I started a project of placing family photos into albums,  and this cutter has been very useful."
Works great.
Needed this I got tired of cutting crooked pictures
"I don't often scrapbook, but sometimes I print smaller things on regular printer paper and need to trim it. This is great to have with the ruler and tight slide to make it look professionally cut."
Works well.
"Bought this to replace an older version that was very similar in construction but dark gray in color.  This is MUCH easier to use largely because of the light colors which make it easy to see the numbers and gridlines. It's prettier too! I can't give it 5 stars because of one detail -- their is a spot near the left or ""starting"" side of the cutter where the blade ever so slightly ""catches"" sometimes. Not a deal-breaker, but not perfect. What is??"
blade keeps falling off
I use it to cut standard stock paper for craft projects.  Works perfect.
I and others who have used it have noticed it does not cut completely straight. Disappointing.
Love it
I used to love these when I was a teacher. Now I use this one mainly for cutting up photos that I print at home or other paper items that need to be cut with a straight edge. The lines help to keep things straight. I like that there was an extra cutting blade (the orange thing) that was included.
Works exactly like I need it to. Even came with replacement pieces. Cuts scrapbook paper perfectly.
"Thank you very much, my order has arrived before its due date, and I am already happy"
Trimmer works great!
worked for what I needed it for but I was unimpressed by the quality
Does the job!
Prefect choice for what I was looking for.
This is a great little trimmer.  I bought the Cricut portable trimmer (same size) and this is by far the better of the two.  I would recommend this trimmer.
"This is a good buy for me. It cuts papers easily. I used it to cut shipping labels, photos, coupons, etc. I usually use it to cut one sheet per time, it cuts smoothly."
Very nice trimmer - easy to use and accurate
"I had a Fiskars paper trimmer for about ten years before I caved and bought a new one-not because the old one stopped working, but because all the numbers had worn off. I do a lot of paper crafting so I put my tools through the wringer!  I'm resistant to change, but am glad I finally upgraded. This one cuts beautifully. I chose this model primarily because it doesn't have the wire running down the cutting area. The reviews on that seemed iffy, and the more parts something has, the more chance there is of it breaking. I've had this for a few months now, and it still works beautifully. The blades are sharp, doesn't move horizontally, and it's very easy to cut and measure at the same time. It's a winner!"
Love these trimmers!
"Inexpensive which is great and it works really well. Only problem is that when I bring the cutter through it comes right off the track! Also, cannot read the ruler lines/ticks once the paper is on. Very annoying."
"This product was a lifesaver.  How many times have I tried to cut something straight only to look at it and go, what??  Once I received this, cutting straight lines is a piece of cake.  Will go through a few pages of copy paper at a time.  And works great on cardstock.  My projects are typically one piece at a time, so this is perfect for me."
Great product!
"Perfect size for small trimming jobs at the office.  Still have the larger, heavy-duty paper cutter for larger jobs, but this trims papers easily and quickly, and stores in a filing cabinet drawer."
Mainstay and overall good buy
"Wife uses it, works as expected for photos."
As described
absolutely LOVE this.  it's never failed me:)
This is such a handy paper cutter I've used it for many paper projects and it works great.
"The measuring guide is a little off where the arm extends which can make cutting a little difficult. Otherwise, quality and works well!"
"Cuts like a champ! Safe, easy and quick!!"
"What the??? So, they package the trimmer with a product card TAPED to the face of the trimmer with plain cellophane tape right under the ruler next to where the cutter slides. Impossible tape residue is all over the trimmer. It is just tape, but I have used every solvent in my arsenal that hopefully won't damage the surface and the thing is still tacky. With all of the non-marring adhesives available out there they just had to use cheapo tape.
If I can get the goo off, I'm sure it will be a sufficient trimmer. Very good non-skid feet on this item. I know because I put a good amount of elbow grease in trying to get the adhesive removed. Good grief, Fiskars, charge us a few cents more and upgrade the packaging materials a little, ok?"
"<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Fiskars-12-Inch-Portable-Scrapbooking-Trimmer-196920-1001/dp/B0017KYE5Y/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Fiskars 12 Inch Portable Scrapbooking Trimmer (196920-1001)</a>
The measurements on this trimmer were hard for me to use.  As another reviewer mentioned and posted photos of, it is hard to determine where the start/cut point is. Then between 4 & 6 inches the arm extends. This leaves you guessing where 5 inches is because now the measurements are displayed differently.  Just past 4 inches you can determine a bit easily the measurements due to the lengths of the lines.  After 4 3/4 the lines change to only two different lengths, making it a harder to figure out the in between measurements.  I do like that it's light and portable, slightly on the flimsy side tho.  Will keep for a spare."
This is a great product! It works well and is easy to use.
I've been meaning to buy a paper cutter for ages and just now got around to it. This one is perfect. The expandable arm makes storage easy and is great for measuring larger paper. I haven't tried cutting multiple sheets but it sliced easily through one piece of cardsrock.
Been using for several years now. My only complaint is the cutter. They are surely easy to lose. But if your more organized then me then your all set lol.
Love it
"When set up with the guides, it cuts crookedly. This is highly annoying. It does cut very cleanly;  it's nice and sharp.  But I can't recommend this product. It also had a terrible, strong plastic smell for about a week or two. I had to set it outside to air out."
"Love this! Perfect for trimming card stock. Nice sharp blade, and precise cuts. I highly recommend this!"
"yep,  works greet."
Seems a little cheaply made but it will do.
"I wish I ordered this a long time ago. I use this almost everyday. I love art and crafts, this trimmer makes me create things faster. The best thing too is that my invitations and cards looks so professional.
My DD loves paper crafting too, so this is very handy when I help her with her projects."
Great
Trim with ease. Easy to cut them. Perfect.
"My 3rd one, I love this cutter."
"I love this product. I use it to cut everything perfectly. I use it for photos, special papers, and other projects. It's really handy to have. Cut your time in half using the Fiskars cutter."
"I am unhappy with this product on so many levels!
1. The blade sticks when sliding down the rail and falls out when the rail is lifted up to slide the paper under.
2. Down the left side, where the ruler is able to be pulled out, they have tried to be but have that curved. Of course this is the exact spot where I need the measure 5.5"", 5"", etc for cards, on a daily basis. I can't get an accurate measurement because of this stupid curve.
3. The work surface with printed grid is a label that will eventually wear off.

I hate this unit and I'd return it in a heart beat, but I'm traveling and can't get anything else.
I have it two stars because it had a nice scorer and the blade itself makes a very smooth cut. But the unit that holds the blade and scorer is just pitiful."
"I love this! I purchased a Martha Stuart one and it was just horrible so I was looking to replace it and this is just great, I cut all night yesterday and works perfect"
Finally bought this one as I watch YouTube crafters and they use Fiskars brand.  I can see why now. I am absolutely in love with this product and finally don't have to live without it!!!
I am very please with my purchase of the trimmer.
"Great trimmer, my other paper trimmer broke so I was hoping to find a replacement. This ""little guy"" works well. Once I got use to a lightweight design, I fell in love with this product. It's portable, easy to carry and changing the blade is quick. If the cut was wrong...It was my fault. I had to learn how to line my paper up with the guides on the top or bottom. Once I corrected this.... my papercrafts were perfect."
easy to use product.  well priced.  and bonus.....it is super pretty!
"Love this trimmer. I have a medium size guillotine type trimmer that's kind of clunky and takes up too much space but this Fiskars trimmer is so light and portable and It doesn't take up much space.

I really like all the measuring grids and the handle that holds the blade is clear so you can clearly see exactly where you're cutting. This trimmer gives a nice clean cut.

Glad I purchased it."
"This is practically perfect in every way! I've been crafting nearly all of my 63 years, and this is a new, wonderful toy. Love it!"
Nice but wish it came with instruction sheet on best way to align paper etc.  my 12 year old had heck of a time at first figuring out the best way to cut certain sizes.
Use this all the time!
Perfect. Exactly what I wanted.
GREAT! Trims everything. Convenient and easy to store.
"I have only used it a few times thus far, but it has worked very well. I am pleased. I only use it for cutting laminated documents."
Just what I expected!
Have had it for awhile now and it it holding up well. Love the size.
Use this thing all the time. So far still on the first blade. It comes with a second. I can assume we can buy replacements but I haven't had to look yet
"Really like this, much better than my small one - can get a 12x12 piece of paper in to cut it to right length.  For us the cutter lasts a long time."
Ok paper cutter.
Works great but the orange cutter piece comes off easily.
Love it
"Worked great for my wedding invitations, I made them myself with a printer that can print pictures and I needed this tool to cut them to the right size. The blade is very sharp it went right through the photo paper like it was nothing I could even do a few at the same time if I wanted to but I wanted to make sure each one was cut just right. By the end my invitations looked like a professional made them, very satisfied costumer."
the product is just o.k. My wife uses it for her scrap booking. I guess the fact that it's not as sturdy is the reason we don't like it. Plus I'm not sure how long that small razor blade will last. In the end we ended up buying a guillotine style cutter.
Works well
worked great  trimmed over 100 papers and still work as brand-new.
Great.  Works well.  Not too big & not too small.
"Waste of money, the screen protector is a hard plastic with no glue, that's why they give you three because none of them work. The hard plastic with roll up and not stick to the phone. They need to take this off and stop ripping people off."
"Love FISKARS! This is easy to use, easy to replace a worn out blade and light to carry with for scrapbooking crops and card classes."
"I bought this to cut some laminated recipe cards, and it works like a CHAMP! Great little paper cutter, I would buy it again if I need it!"
"I do not have a problem with the seller, but the quality of this fiskars cutter is not very good. It barely cuts one piece of card stock and leaves a bent edge on everything you cut."
The cutting slider pops off alot.
"Hard for me to get a straight cuts on this one, will practice more."
Easy to use. Cuts cleanly and sharply. Comes with an extra blade. Seems slightly crooked though.
100% happy w/ purchase
Yes!  This item works so well.  It exceeded my expectations:)
great
"This cutter is not accurate.  Even when I push my paper up against the edge guide my cut comes out crooked.  It's the same problem if I cut 1 regular piece of paper or cardstock.  Had I known, I would have sprung for something more expensive that is at least accurate."
I bought this trimmer to cut my vinyl for my cameo when I am doing projects. It fits perfectly on my desk that I work on and I use it almost daily. I've been having it for about 6 months and the blade is still very sharp and its a very smooth straight cut every time. Fiskars is a great brand to purchase.
Works very well! I purchased this so I could use it to cut straight lines for my childrens pictures and also to cut business cards.  It works as expected and even came with an extra blade. I am happy with the price point of this since I didn't need something heavy duty for something I will occasionally use.
"My sisters are BIG into scrapbooking and during a recent trip home (two states away) my youngest sister showed me some of the finer techniques of scrapbooking.  Luckily, she has LOTS of scrapbooking supplies (stamps, stickers, etc.) and books for page creation ideas.  She has a Fiskars trimmer similar to this one (older model) and I found her trimmer easy to use so I ordered this model when I returned home.  I've used it to create a scrapbook for the friend and her husband for the arrival of their second daughter.  I had a lot of fun creating the pages and the Fiscars 12-inch scrapbook trimmer made the process very fast and stress free.  The blade is sharp and glides across the paper when making a cut (no jagged edges).  I look forward to creating other scrapbook pages/complete scrapbooks with this Fiskars trimmer."
Great for crafting!
Didn't cut as well as expected
Love this trimmer. Very sturdy and the ruler is great!
"SO EASY to use and works perfectly - no need for bulky, huge paper cutters anymore!!"
Much better than the old model. It is great
"the issue with portable trimmers is that paper is very easy to slide around. that being said, if you don't want to be shelling out hundreds for a 20lb wooden/steel paper cutter, this is the go-to item! it's very reliable and useful for small projects, but for absolute precision, you may want to invest in something more."
used to my purple cow trimmer  this one take a bit of getting used to and many hands to hold the paper just right to get a perfect straight cut
"Its good however the handle that we fold it is not straight , so If i want to make the paper eaqual to the line  the paper form other part will be not match the measurement ruler in top  and vice versa"
Love this...it is constant use!!!
"It's better than some of the similar trimmers, but the blade is still the same and still leaves the shredded edge sometimes.  I am using it for scrapbooking and card making.  Also, I'm not able to shave off a small amount because it just tends to fold the edge down into the groove instead of cutting it off. I'm not impressed with this type of trimmer in general but I was hopeful that this one would be better, based on the reviews.  Not really.  I've used an Xacto which had the rotary blade on the edge of the platform and that worked better than any other trimmer I've ever tried, until I broke the plastic guide off and rendered it unusable (after years of use).  Unfortunately they don't make it any more.  I'm not sure what they call that type but I was able to shave off very thin bits and it never left a ragged edge."
Great for scrapbooking
"Neet and smooth cuts, I don't have to trim my pics with scissors anymore, yay! Very very sharp blade, perfect to glide through paper."
This is an excellent paper cutter and great for measurements. I saves you time and is very easey to use. I would recommend it to all crafters.
"I've recently retired from corporate life, so one of the projects I've taken on is scrapbooking. I plan to finish a scrapbook for each of my three children and this trimmer is a necessity to make the job a bit easier. So far, I love it. The only con that I can think of is I keep on dropping the little orange cutter, and one of these days I may lose it or step over it; otherwise, it does the job pretty well!"
"cuts well, easy to use, good price, the bit with the blade in it pops off easily, but it also pops back on easily. I use this quite a lot and it's a good product for the money."
Works amazing! I have been using it all the time and it is still just like new.
Love this little paper trimmer.... have used it endlessly for classroom preparations and it works beautifully even with laminated paper!
"I bought this to charge my Samsung Galaxy S7 because although waterproof, it takes forever to dry out enough to charge the traditional way. I decided to get Samsung's version because I have had so many bad experiences with knock-off electronics. I'm really glad that I did because it works exactly the way I need it to. I just have 3 complaints:

1. You can't use your phone while it's charging. I mean, technically you can but since it has to lay down flat on the surface it's really hard to do. But I figure that is the case with the majority of the wireless chargers out there so that isn't a huge complaint.

2. My biggest complaint and the reason I have given it 4 stars instead of 5 is I cannot believe how slow it charges! I knew it wasn't a fast charging station so my expectations weren't very high. But when it's been plugged in for 4 1/2 hours and it's only at 50%, I get very frustrated! And since, as I mentioned before, you can't easily use the phone while it's charging, it's even more frustrating."
"It cuts ok, some roughness on the edges, though. Not super excited, but I guess it works."
"Cuts well, but the blade falls off too easily. I cut myself when I picked up the lever and the blade popped out."
Works well good price
This trimmer works very well.  The blade can be easily removed and replaced if needed.  I use this item a lot.
"This paper trimmer has made my wedding projects so much easier! I've had to cut advice cards, programs, and invitations! It's easy to use, especially with the measurements that it provides. It also came with an extra blade, which I just recently had to start using. So much better than trying to cut straight lines with scissors!"
So far so good
"We use this for many school projects and pictures.  Works well. Not to big, not to small."
Perfect!
"Pretty nice, but a little awkward to start."
I couldn't decide which one to order but I am so happy with this trimmer.  So far so good.  Easy to use for kids as well.  Mine are 9 and 10.
Just as described
Blade is sharp and easy to make smaller paper sizes with the board. Best used for making notecard sizes.
All Fiskars products are outstanding and this one was no exception.  I have five of them.
I do not know how this product got so many great reviews! I was new to card making and was convinced by the reviews and price to buy this trimmer. I have not been able to get it to cut a straight line since I bought it. Also the fold out arm does not lay out straight so if you are cutting past 5inches it will never be precise because that arm is always crooked unless you hold it down the whole time which is impossible with only 2 hands. I have since resorted to scoring my paper before I cut because the guides on this trimmer are not accurate enough. I'm going to spend more to buy something more sturdy and we'll made. I guess you get what you pay for and if you are buying this you are paying for a poorly made piece of plastic.
Pretty easy to use
Good for small business or home projects.  Woyld buy again and recommend to others.
"Works great! Having the measuring/alignment lines on this cutter sure is helpful to get everything straight and I like the extension arm for larger projects. Very light and portable, just have to be careful not to lose the cutting blade, mine fell out easily so just be careful. It came with an extra cutting blade too. I would definitely recommend this to others and will buy again if something happens to this one."
Awful. Does not cut straight. I've tried everything.
Wonderful paper cutter
Does not seem to have enough of the edge to line your paper against to get a truly straight cut. That is a little frustrating.
"I AM IN LOVE WITH THIS TRIMMER!  I cannot cut straight, even with commercial cutters at work, for some reason, it gets skewed.  I know it is me and not the tool.  But with this trimmer, my paper are always cut straight!  I have used it around 30x and the blade is still good and the trimmer still cuts straight.  I have used it up to 85 lbs linen cardstock without a problem."
"Fiskars Scrapbooking Paper Trimmer is as safe and simple to use as I had hoped, and extremely easy to carry if necessary. It's everything I wanted amd more. Will def recommend. This one is bu far the best."
"If you're not cutting for accuracy, the trimmer will work just fine. I don't if I got a faulty one but either the ruler or the blade is off."
quality great
love it
"It's okay. For the money, it isn't bad. Don't expect perfect lines or great build quality."
"I use this to cut coupons (which I do a lot of) and it works GREAT. I especially like that I can cut 5 - 6 items at once, saving time."
"Great product, great price"
"I am always on the search for the perfect trimmer.  I liked the size of this trimmer and the metal markings.  However, when I got it, I was disappointed that it didn't have the guide wire that is available on some of the Fiskars trimmers.  It works OK for cutting things to a specific size, but without the wire, it is difficult to get a straight cut on things that aren't a specific size like cropping pictures or cutting flash cards."
"Love the design, excited to start scrapbooking with it!"
Great item to have for any type of cutting.
everyone at my daycare loves it. easy to use and works perfect good product
"I love this paper trimmer. I don't know why I didn't buy one sooner. It is easy to use, has ample space for scrapbook sheets, includes measurements, and always creates a straight cut. Now I wish they made one of these for cutting fabric!"
You got what you pay.
sharp and sturdy blade! It cuts small amounts of paper very well. Do not put more than five papers at once otherwise your cut won't be straight.
Really disappointed with this product bc I thought it would cut straight and accurate lines for my ATC cards & the razor kept getting stuck mid-cut. Hard to align the cutter precisely to where you want it to cut too. Waste of time and money
The cut is sharp. My dislike of this cutter is that it doesn't snap to hold your paper down. You have to manually hold the paper down. If not it will slide and you'll get a bad cut. Something to consider when purchasing.
A+
Exactly what I was looking for. It's compact and easily stores away. My kids can use it since there aren't any large sharp blades just the small track cutter. It easily cuts through 3-4 pieces of construction paper at a time. Seems durable enough and can't beat it for the price.
"I bought this to replace the one my toddler broke and I'm glad I got this but I have some negatives
Cons
*the blade pops out all the time on the side with the gap to get it out. You can't always use just one side.  It is so annoying
* the line where the blade cuts it quite thick so when you're trying to cut something small or precise you're guessing. Also annoying
*the blade misses the beginning of your paper if it isn't exactly at the edge.  Also very annoying.

Pros
*nice big size
* the measurements are nice in the base
* it cuts cleanly, where it actually cuts

I wouldn't buy this again.  If but a different one.  But it's cheap so that's why I got it."
I really like it but sometimes it leaves some uneven cuts and it seems to not cut the paper all at once. Its been only a few days and I have used it a lot and blade is still great!
"Not great, but compact and easy to use."
Just what I wanted.
"This thing is a life saver! I was working on a project where a lot of cutting was involved and not only am I horrible with scissors so the lines weren't coming out even close to straight, but my hands were killing me! We have a gigantic paper cutter in the house but I was not even close to interested in lugging that thing around. So I found this. It's such a perfect size! It is super light and easy to move. The cutter works really well! Over time the blade became a bit dull and I had to change it out but that's to be expected with a lot of use. I was able to cut a few pieces of card stock at once. The thicker the material, the more room for error so be careful and make sure that you are holding the paper securely in place.

This is definitely one of my favorite new toys! It has been such a help for my crafting projects. I really don't know how I went so long without having one!"
Doesn't cut regular paper the first time around. Can't get a straight cut half the time.
I need to cut a lot of 8.5 x 11 photo paper prints in half. A lot. So far this is working better than the guillotine style we were using. It is quite small so storage is easy.
"Unfortunately, it doesn't seem like my trimmer cuts straight. The edge of the trimmer that you place the paper against is at a slight angle, so I get angled cuts. Otherwise, it cuts great, it just doesn't give me straight cuts which is what I need. =("
flimsy
"My girlfriend makes a lot of flyers & signs, so I got this for her. It works great: the trimmer is sturdy & the blade is sharp."
"I bought this because I just began to make a scrapbook and it works great! I cut straight edges on pictures and on cardstock. I love that I can measure the exact length that I need. It comes with two blades and is all put together when you get it. As a beginner to scrap booking, it worked wonderfully!"
Perfect transaction and great product!
"I love this. I use it to slice and dice card stock or paper into small cards for stationery or paint/ink color swatches.  The ruler portion makes it very easy to measure, and the size and lightweight body makes it easily portable.  The razor edge could be more sharp or thicker in case of much thicker papers, but for my crafting purposes it is just great."
Bought for my mom for Christmas. Durable and great price
This thing is worth every single penny I spent on it!
"This does the job. I am so glad I finally invested in a trimmer! Sheesh... why did I wait? Anyway, this is NOT for a pro photog or designer however. The blade is small and definitely designed more for occasional use. Light, easy to use."
"This gets used all the time. Perfect storable, small Scrapbook Trimmer."
Cuts four sheets of printer paper easily. Five is pushing it. use this every week for my coupons.
The cut this cutter makes is easy and sharp. I use it to cut cellophane bags and gift wrap paper to wrap my products. The measurement and extended arm also is very accurate and convenient to make longer cuts.
"It does it's job. But move the the orange slider just a bit too far up and it pops off, which is how you switch out the blade once this one gets dull, but unfortunately for me this happens to me at least three times while using the trimmer. I also find that with the fold out ruler I can't seem to get the measurements to work quite right for me since the number 5 isn't visible. But since the items i'm cutting are mostly for personal use I don't get to upset about it."
Very pleased. Cuts well.
"Excellent product, so easy to use for beginner crafters!! I cut about 300 or more pieces of scrapbooking paper for a church project and this product was amazing!!"
"Let me start by saying I do have a silhouette cameo for all the paper cutting work but every time I just want to cut a straight line of a bunch of paper placing it in the cutting mat and going through the software to cut is just too much work. It is also a pain to pull them out of the mat.

So for basic card making or even school work for the kids this a quick and easy solution to cut the corner of the paper you. It is very precise I did not have any issues with movement of the paper while cutting or incorrect measurements. Very good buy . Highly recommend"
"This might be the best item I have ever brought on here.  I'm not even joking.  I brought this so I can evenly cut papers/pictures to sell on etsy but have wound up using it more for coupons.  It's so much faster than a pair of scissors.  I was going to buy one w/ a handle but this one was half the price.  I'm so happy I went with this one.  I got it on July 20, 2015.  I use it at least twice a week and am still going strong with the first blade.  It comes with a second one for when you have to replace it.  I love it.  You will not be disappointed."
"This is an easy to use, accurate cutter. Not all trimmers are, and especially at this price. My last trimmer was off by just enough to prevent a 90 degree angle; this one isn't. The swing out arm means it can measure far more than you could otherwise, and the markings on the surface are very helpful for measuring common sizes. They, too, are straight and accurate.  The only two criticisms I have are fairly minor: 1, I wish that the numbers were marked at both top and bottom, because it can be hard to see the top markings when the paper is covering them up. 2, the blade (which is replaceable, and it comes with a spare!) is a tiny bit too easy to come out, and has fallen out without my realizing, so that I had to search for it. If you are more careful than I was, this shouldn't be an issue; and the flip side is that it is very, very easy to replace. The bottom line is that I suspect this is the best trimmer you will find for the price."
"This little thing feels cheaply made but it's working out great. I didn't want a guillotine trimmer with a toddler running around, and this thing is easy to store and feels far less hazardous. I've been using it to cut a bunch of laminated stuff I've made, and it is precise, easy, and the blade hasn't dulled at all yet...Plus it came with a replacement blade for when I'm ready. Great buy."
This is perfect for all the crafts I do around here with scrapbooking or kids.  Easy to use and durable.  Perfect
This is a wonderful small paper-cutter for a lightweight workload. I've cut both regular paper and card-stock with it. I just cut 1 page at a time in it and works great!
Great little trimmer. Really works best if you only do one sheet at a time. That is why I gave it 4 stars rather than 5.
Gets the job done! Nice and smooth cuts. I'm glad i didn't spend more money for the others
"I have been unhappy with this trimmer because the blade keeps popping off.  It pops off after every one or two slides.  Luckily, it pops back on easily enough.  However, I would not recommend this trimmer for that reason.  I am a fan of other Fiskars products."
Works really well. Happy with my purchase.
"This is a great trimmer for the price. I purchased it to cut down some oversized Tarot cards. It took a few minutes to get used to lining up the card, moving the blade, etc. But after a few tries, you will get comfortable with it quickly. I trimmed all 4 sides of some medium cardstock cards and the blade is so far like new. It does come with a replacement blade. The blade works in both directions, so I could position a card, cut it from left to right, position the next side, cut that from right to left, etc. On a very few occasions, I had to re-trim an edge; this is avoidable by applying a slight downward pressure to the blade as you move it across the paper. There is a fold-out ruler for measuring and lining up larger projects which I have not had occasion to use yet. My daughter tells me she can't wait to get her hands on this for some art projects. It's even pretty, with a floral design."
"I purchased this when I decided to do the invitations to my wedding myself. I've never had a problem with this, I cut hundreds of thick paper sheets and always did its job right. The rulers are a nice help and so is the little extensions. Comes with an extra trimmer which is very easy to replace."
"Lighter weight and flimsier construction than the heavyweight paper cutter I'm used to. However, I cannot find replacement blades so the old paper cutter is useless.

The Fiskar Trimmer works surprising well, unless you have to match a dimension where the foldout extension meets the body. The cuts are straight and have no noticeable imperfections.

The blade fits in a space in the middle of the plastic which holds it in place. This facilitates finely matched sizing. Also, the plastic folds backwards, which makes it really easy to remove schnitzels of paper which can accumulate and cause problems.

The product was clearly made for photographs; the surface is marked with outlines showing where to place common sized photographs. I find this mostly unnecessary, and it's actually quite handy if I happen to want to use one of the printed dimensions.

I doubt this will work well on very heavy paper or cardboard, but it's small, lightweight, easy to use, and the open design avoids some of the annoying pitfalls of my previous paper cutter.

Definitely worth a try; it's so inexpensive that if you don't like it, you're down the price of two or three fancy Starbucks coffees."
This is such a timesaver!  Great quality and very easy to use.  Best part was it arrived a day earlier than expected and it is already getting a lot of use.
"This is a pretty good trimmer/paper cutter, not great, but pretty good.  I used it to cut probably 50-75 baby shower invitations that I printed on 65 lb. 8 1/2 x 11 cardstock.  It took several cuts to each page since there were two 5 x 7 cards on each, so I must've gone through 250+ cuts and the blade still works.  Granted, it's starting to drag a little more after the wear, but that's what the 2nd blade is provided for.  I did have a bit of a hard time lining up the guide to where I wanted to cut, but I figured it out after a few minutes.  Make sure you do a few test cuts before placing anything irreplaceable under the blade.  For my purposes, this worked just fine and I'm sure it will work for many others.  For a more sophisticated job, upgrade!"
Feels like you're gonna brake it when you use it... But still does the job....
"This works SOOOO much better than the piece of junk paper cutter I had previously.  Using this to cut cardstock for my handmade greeting cards is a dream!  I just wish it came with a scoring blade, too."
"An elementary school teacher, friend did not believe me this was the way to go until I bought this to use when helping her.  First time of doing Q cards with her, she put her scissors down.  These are serious time savers for those who do allot of cutting.  No issues cutting through 2 layers of laminate over card stock."
"Lightweight, excellent for my needs( trimming pictures, etc. for trifolds, posters)...very happy with my purchase."
I have wanted one of these for so long and am so glad I finally bought it!  It is so convenient for cutting straight lines because I can't cut a straight line to save me. ;) This is going to come in handy at all times of the year for all kinds of projects! I am so excited!!
"I regret saying this but WHY DID I NOT LEARN ABOUT THIS SOONER!?  What a great tool for cropping just about anything printable.  I use this for the magnetic birthday cards I create for all my grandchildren and sometime birthdays for the adults (who counts after 21?). These magnetic cards go on the refrigerator and my grandchildren love adding to the collection on the refrigerator over the years.  However cutting them out of the full sheet was a nerve wracking endeavor.  Now, easy and clean cuts.  Also now I can make clean photo size cuts for the 4x6 compartment of my printer. Therefore I am happy! :)"
"Gets the job done but there is a learning curve and not the highest quality. But, cant go wrong with this price."
"I replaced my guillotine style paper cutter with this trimmer. I'm sure the old one was technically more heavy duty for certain projects, but this one does everything I want without trouble. I use it frequently for scrapbook paper and cardstock, and have even used it for cutting cereal box cardboard. For the cardboard, I sometimes have to do a cut twice (especially when I need to replace the blade), but that's always enough to get it to cut through all the way. I have only replaced the blade once, and it was easy to find at a local craft store."
"I purchased this originally because when I got my son's Easter pictures done they were not pre cut and I didn't want them to be crooked. I am disabled and I have a very hard time cutting straight lines using scissors. Just finished using this to cut his Easter pictures, wow! I wish I had bought one of these years ago. This is so easy to use you simply line it up and swipe the blade across. The only thing I wish is that the ruler itself was a little heavier so it would hold the picture down. Took a little finagling for me to be able to keep the picture lined up and hold it tight enough that it wouldn't move. Will definitely be using this for all future photo projects !"
The orange cutter keeps falling out making it hard to keep track of and not safe. Works great until you go to put it away and notice the cutter has fallen out.
"Got this for my wife to replace a much larger cutter that she says is too bulky. This one is really good quality, and uses the new style Fiskar blades. She really likes the flower design, and says it cuts straight and is more reliable than her old one."
A very handy tool for any small business or crafty person.
Great product I was able to cut over 500 pages of cardstock paper within 2 weeks and the blade wasn't in need of a change
Works perfect
"I wish I could figure out what to do with these when the wire breaks so I didn't have to buy so many. I really like them, though."
"This is a wonderful paper cutter, lightweight and easy to take along with me.  I love the 1 inch measure on the outside edge of the cutting line.  This saves so much time!  My only complaint is that I have only had the trimmer a few months and already some of the measure lines have worn off in the area close to the stop edge.  I am left handed and, therefore, use the trimmer with the word ""Fiskars"" upside down.  If that is why the measure lines rubbed off, message to Fiskars - please make the measure lines more durable on 100% of the measuring platform."
"Good paper trimmer. I owned an inexpensive Fiskars trimmer for many years, but I could not find a replace blade at a  reasonable. The cost of this unit was the same price as 2 replacement blades for the old model. This model, 196920-1001, appears flimsy and side guides for the paper don't allow for more than 3 or 4 sheets of stacked paper. I suspect it will be fine for light use."
"I have a severe inability to cut in a straight line. When trying to cut a piece of construction paper in half, I somehow veer off and end up with a triangle. Being an educator I found it annoying to never be able to give my students the symmetrical paper they craved. But now, they get all the symmetry! And at fast speeds. The razor does a decent job and the ruler extensions accommodates larger paper. The only drawback is the amount of paper that can be cut at once. I limit it to 5 pages of computer paper bc I have found that anymore will result in unclean ""torn"" lines."
I do not recommend the product because it does not cut straight. Thanks amazon for refund.
Very nice for trimming photos and laminated items. Flimsy--but great for home/occasional use.
had some problems keeping paper squared.
great for starters.
Very happy with Fiskars paper trimmer. Giving a good workout over Christmas. Wonderful product as expected.
Does not provide a clean cut on cardstock.
A little bigger than expected but it will do
"Excellent for what I need it for, happy with my purchase."
Awesome quality!!
"Works well, and very light. A must have for crafting."
"I'm an actress, so I have to cut headshots all the time. I was hoping this would make it easier to cut the card, but for some reason the base of this product was not entirely flat, so it doesn't cut straight. I have to put the card on an angle so the card can be cut evenly. It still slices the card and paper well, I just wish that I was able to cut a completely straight line with this"
perfect for cutting my coupons.
Good for all kinds of paper crafting projects.
I have a similar one from this brand that is just ok. It doesn't cut straight and leaves frayed edges. I would suggest something else like maybe a guillotine. If you're not a perfectionist then this will be fine.
My sister brought this and has been using it everyday. reliable and cheap
"I use this thing so much for my crafting and it is great! I may eventually get a larger one but this does the trick for now, and I love the flowers on it."
"I really like this little trimmer - if you look through my recent posts, you'll see the other items used to help me personalize my Arc Junior planner for this year.  I have used this trimmer to ensure straight cuts each time and by using the trimmer, my covers and monthly dividers were quickly cut and made.  I think the only thing I would change is the cut line is white.  I would rather it was black so that on either side being white, the cut line is that much more visible.  Still, for the price, this little trimmer is a great workhorse!"
"I like the portability of this trimmer. Easy to use, carry and store."
I only need one for occasional use.  I've used it a couple of times and works fine.  It's perfect for the price.
"Amazing product, fast shipping, great customer service! Love it!"
"Easy to use, blade works great. The king makes it easy to know where you're cutting"
"Besides pretty, it gets the job done. I bought this for my mom who makes greeting cards as her old Fiskars lost the measurement lines in spots from use. It's a quality product."
"I LOVE this paper cutter! I have used it to cut cardstock, watercolor paper, and plain paper. I wish I bought this earlier! It is small in size compared to other paper cutters, but I don't have a lot of space so I needed something smaller."
"Love, love, love. Works perfectly, especially if you use few papers at a time. Neat cut lines and easy to replace blade."
Works perfectly!
WORKS WELL
This is a well made scrapbook paper trimmer. I believe it will work well for me for a long time. It is sturdy and easy to use. I would definitely purchase it again.
"I have the Fiskars trimmer with the wire guide but it keeps fraying and I have to wait for Fiskars to send me a replacement piece. In the meantime, I purchased this inexpensive trimmer in the hopes that it would work the same. Not so. This trimmer is extremely difficult to get the paper to cut straight or even to see where it is cutting. It was not even good to use for a temporary measure and I put in my giveaway pile because I found it to be unusable and impossible to get straight cuts."
"Great little cutter. I love the convenience of the size, it makes it easier to store. I use it for pictures, construction paper, scrap book paper. Works great!"
EXCELLENT
"This thing is bad. I did not think of it at the time, but the trimmer is rounded, so finding 5"" on the top can be difficult.

The cutter fell off the track the first time I used it. The trimmer did come with a second trimmer when this one dulls out.

I will definitely buy a new trimmer soon."
"great for scrapbooking.  if you have larger papers, might want to look into one where the board is bigger. this one got the job done for me."
yet another excellent fiskars product the only problem with it is measuring anything which is 5 inches as it doesn't seem to be marked on here but this is easy to use cuts straight and folds away easily but now I can cut things up to 15 inches(also not marked) fab for 12x12 paper and cutting several layers at a time Just fab I've had this two days and I just can't stop using it I love it
"Bought this because I got tired of cutting 8 or 10 pages of printed-out coupons with scissors. Works great. I only wonder how long the tiny blades will last, though this does come with 1 replacement cutter. So far so good, though."
I really like this but the only down part is that the orange razor  alway falls out and i have to keep putting it back on. It isn't and hazel its just annoying.
"we used this to split photo paper from our christmas photobooth.  It was quick, easy and didn't require any instruction for our guests.  overall a success!

UPDATE:  I now use this to cut my sons school pictures!  after 9 years of carefully (and unsuccessfully) trying to cut a straight line, I finally got one!  the OCD in me is still rejoicing"
"The paper cutter works fine but the quality is not very good. As soon as I opened it, I noticed the sticker with the grid lines on the right side is already coming loose. I decided to keep it anyway as I don't really need to use that. This cuts well, but I've found myself working around the loose sticker as that initially was catching onto my paper until I changed the direction of how I inserted paper into the tool. Overall good tool but I wish the grid lines are printed on or at least attached better than a sticker that's already lifting off!"
"I do not like this paper trimmer.  The ruler at the top cuts off at the 5.5"" mark, which is where I would be cutting/scoring much of my 11"" paper at.  The guide piece that holds the paper down opens the wrong way.  The blade dulls pretty quickly."
"I'm disappointed in some aspects of this paper trimmer. My biggest complaint is that the blade pops off pretty easily. By easily I mean that it just falls off. Usually when I'm putting it away, so I'm thankful it hasn't happened while I'm using it. My other biggest complaint is the tape residue left on the board itself, from the Fiskars information sheet taped to it. I also wish the blade arm locked into place while I used the blade; I'm not sure if that's a feature on other trimmers or if I'm wishing for something that doesn't exist. It seems like there is an awful lot of effort put into trying to keep it steady and in place than there should be. My plan is to return this item for a refund."
Great for my Erin condren planner printable cutting 
"As described, cuts well."
"This works well for cutting paper, or in my case cutting multiple coupons.  You can put at least 4 sheets of paper and it will cut right through.  It makes cutting fast and easy.  The blade that comes with it lasts quite a while, but you eventually have to replace it or it gets dull and starts to shred the paper.  It has ways to measure paper, but I never used that feature.  Its also small and easy to store.  lThis is a great cutting tool, and I definitely recommend it."
Everyone loves this thing. Used to help cut pictures for a collage and now kids use it for a lot of homework projects. Super!
Worth while buy. I have been using a rotary tool. This is so easy quick. So glad I bought.
This is really the best thing I could have bought. I mainly use it to cut pictures/photos to size for frames as I can't cut in a straight line. And what's even better is that there are ruler markings on the board which helps with sizing.
Works great!!
It's OK for the price
"I would recommend a better paper cutter if you are going to get a pear cutter.  I don't feel this one is that great.  It is a bit flimsy and light weight.  Also, the size markings are not done in a very helpful way since they are set back from the cutter."
A complete must have!
This is just an okay item. I bought it to cut cards with and after about 10 the blade went bad. I had to go and purchase new blades after only one weak use. It did not even last that long. Works MUCH better with the new platinum blades and I was disappointed that I had to purchase within days of receiving the item. Next time I will spend more money - you get what you pay for I guess.
"I did not buy mine from Amazon, but I bought one just like this, at a local craft story. It cut straight lines at first, at least I thought it did, but after having to change out the first blade, I started to notice all my cards did not align when I folded them. The Friskar was NOT cutting a straight line!!! It was slightly off to the side which was noticable when trying to alight mat layers and closing/folding my cards. I have to actually score all my paper FIRST, on an envelope score board and then match that line up on my Friskar's lines, in order to get a straight cut. It's VERY frustrating and almost worthless. I'm am now looking for something better. I just wish I had noticed this right away, and if it was something that happened after use, I knew what caused this. But for now, I cannot recommend this :(."
"As an avid crafter, it's crazy that I lived without this item for as long as I did. I researched paper trimmers before settling on this one, and I was not disappointed. It's very easy to use and makes very nice cuts. I love that it is twelve inches so most paper, including scrapbook, is easy to measure and cut. This trimmer came in handy when I had dozens of sheets of paper that I needed to halve. It's hard to imagine I once used traditional scissors or my exacto knife for such a project. This trimmer makes straight cuts very efficient."
"It feels like this would be flimsy, but it is actually pretty good and I haven't had an issue with it so far. I also don't use it all the time, it's not for scrapbooking, I just needed something that would cut straight lines, which I can't seem to do myself!! The size is perfect and easy to hide away. It's super easy to use as well. I don't know how it will hold up over time with constant use since that is not what I use it for, but for my needs it is great!"
This product is ok. The cutting tool is not long enough to do more than a couple of sheets at a time and feels cheap and flimsy. This is okay for very occasional use and not much more
cuts paper but not hands or hearts
"My wife uses this at leats once a week to cut coupons. Only thing we don't like is how easily the blade comes out of the track, Everything else about it she loves."
Has a cheap feel to it. Hard to tell if what I'm cutting is lined up properly. And cuts slightly crooked.
This is an okay cutter.  I don't like how easily the actual cutting blade slips out of the cutting tray.  It's very frustrating.  I also find it difficult to see the line where the cut is to take place.  I did like the fact that it came with an extra blade.  I also like that this is compact yet large enough to cut a large sheet of paper.  This will also cut more than one sheet of cardstock at a time.  I mostly use this for clipping printed coupons or cutting cardstock for cards.
"This has come in handy for my arts and crafts many times! However it does not give the cleanest cuts on copy paper for whatever reason and at times the blade would snag my paper even if I am
Using 32lb paper which is annoying. It gets the job done and it is easy to store away. I just wish the blades were a little better."
"Great cutter. I am a teacher and keep one of these at home and one at school.

Fiskar's cutter is a must have for teachers, crafter's, and others who frequently need to cut straight items."
Great quality and utility for it's price. However the blade sometimes jams because it is not quite sharp enough.
"It's not as precise as I like. The 5 inch line, you sort of have to guess at the top as well as where exactly it will cut."
"It was iffy on my watercolor paper one sheet at time (90 lb paper). I got it to speed up card making but afraid my Fiskar scissors do a better job.
My paper edges got bent I saw a five star review with someone's picture of a card but I guess were doing different paper.

As far as working with normal paper (computer paper) it does okay. Sometimes it looked frayed if you look closely sometimes it's fine.

Since card stock usually ranges in 50 lb to 110 lb pressed paper I have to say it is not for card stock. Returning because it makes my cards look less professional."
very good
I never own a paper trimmer before and the only one I've seen was the commercial one that looks dangerous. When I get this I was a little bit disappointed because it is made of lightweight plastic. It looks cheap. Anyway I decided to use it and actually really like it. It cuts easy plus it looks safer than the commercial one which is important with kids in the house. I use it to cut cardstock and I just wish it cut more than 2 paper the time.
I use this for my coupons and I love it!
"This is a great little cutter!! It came with an extra blade, it's easy to line up and get straight cuts, it even works on vinyl label paper! The only reason I gave it 4 stars and not 5 is because you have to swipe the blade over the paper kind of fast to cut it without tearing the edges, but other than that it's great."
Just used this for the first time. I am so glad I bought this item. It suits all my home/office needs just fine.
"Used this for scrapbooking, and other misc. uses. The sharp edge loses it's sharpness after a while, so I'm glad an extra attachment was included."
This trimmer was a waste of money. I hate the measurements. The blades dull quickly and it doesn't cut consistently straight.
It is greAt! I use it instead of using scissors for a straight and percent cut.
"I needed a paper cutter for trimming my art prints and slicing water color paper to appropriate sizes.  This paper cutter does everything I need it to, with the added bonus of being portable and easy to store.  The little blade on the slider is super-sharp, yet small enough that I don't feel like I'm operating a guillotine.  Its cuts are true and easy to measure, and all of my paper comes out square.

I have found two downsides, but neither of them make me regret my purchase.  This paper cutter can only cut about two pieces of paper at a time (which, frankly, keeps me from trying to take shortcuts and cutting 10 pieces of watercolor paper at once!  I probably save paper this way).  Additionally, the sliding blade pops out of its track rather easily, so you have to be aware as you're pulling it along (and when taking it places).  I would recommend putting the slider in a separate, easy-to-find box or container if you plan on transporting the paper cutter in a bag.

Overall, a perfect paper cutter for the person who has limited desk space and lots of paper to cut!"
"Very nice! Saves me actual hours of time cutting and the line
markers are very very helpful!"
"works as advertised, wish that it were easier to a) tell exactly where it is going to cut, and B) was easier to tell where 5"" is - there is an extension that allows you to measure, but 5"" is somewhere between the end of the base and the beginning of the extension - not a good design."
Inexpensive and really nice! Better than what I'd bought from office depot for about $18.
"I like this Fiskars 12 inch portable paper trimmer. I purchased it to replace an older version that I had at some point pushed too hard on the blade and cut an extra groove into - making my cuts not very straight, of course. With this one, I am careful to only use as much pressure as I need to cut through photos. I'm not a scrapbooker, but occasionally have other reasons to cut a straight edge on some of my photos (wallet size pics for grandparents and friends, etc). Nice basic paper trimmer that does what I need it to do. Hopefully it lasts as long as my previous one did until user error did it in."
"I am only saddened by the fact that I didn't order this sooner. This is a life safer. I do a lot of arts & crafts projects plus make invitations/greeting cards, and this little puppy is a great help. It works as expected. It's affordable, compact and works really well. Highly recommended."
I'm a novice scrapbooker and I Love! Love! this handy gadget!! Easy to use...blade lasted (meaning sharp and clean edges) for a 12 page-double sided complete scrapbook project. Lightweight. Have nothing to compare it to but so far super happy with this!
"Piece of JUNK. Sorry, this is horrible. Flimsy, doesn't cut straight, the stickers are coming off. It a terrible, terrible cutter. I'm surprised, ones from Fiskars in the past have been FAR superior in quality and function. I'm returning asap."
Works just right.
The design is soo cute and I love that it is the perfect size for the projects i need it for and its a great price! i also love that it came with a second blade!
It works nicely for how I use it.  It doesn't take up a lot of space either.  Nice product.
"This little thing cuts paper well, even photos, and remains sharp after hundreds of cuts.  Doesn't jam or leave ragged edges. A great deal.  Very happy!  Don't expect to cut more than about 2 pieces of paper at a time, though."
works
Good quality for scrapbooking.  Better than other styles I have used.
Works very well. I'm so far pleased with it.
"I don't have anything to compare it to, but it works as advertised and that's all I expected."
Used it to trim glossy card stock then glitter card stock.  About 100 sheets total.  No rough or ragged edges.  Never changed the blade.  It did the job and with minimal pressure the blade moved across the paper effortlessly.  My new favorite crafting item.
"I have been a fan of Fiskars cutters from the day I started scrapbooking. I already have a couple different styles of their cutters but couldn't resist getting this one because of how cute it is! This cutter has all the features I've grown to love about my previous cutters...the swing arm for measuring, the gridlines to guide paper placement, the good quality blade that produces clean cuts every time and it's lightweight and portable. You won't be disappointed with this cutter! I do have to comment that the swing arm which holds the blade seems backwards to me on this one. On the two Fiskars cutters that I already own the swing arm opens by lifting it to your right and this one opens by lifting it to your left. This is going to take some getting used to on my part. However, I did not dock for this on the review because my girlfriends who have other cutter brands say theirs open the same way this one does...so really it's just all what you've gotten used to. I'm sure I'll be used to it in no time!"
It's a trimmer. it functions properly. I was satisfied.
"We use this all the time for projects for school, crafts, and many other things.  Its held up well.  Very lightweight and portable.  I would highly recommend this paper cutter."
My main issue with this product is its blade. The blade pops out a lot if it is not laying flat (eg stored on its side on a shelf). Also the blade wears out very quickly!
"Excellent product. It is light, easy to use and precise.  It hold the paper firmly. Saves me a lot of time and error."
"No wonder this comes with extra blades, you will need them! I was simply cutting coupons, very thin paper and the blade dulled after about 10 cuts. If it wasn't for the brand, I would have bought a different kind. However I assumed it would be a great item considering fiskars is a well know and established brand. Cheap design, the lines on the base, to help you cut a straight line, are off by a little. So not only was this item a waste of money but can't line up for a perfect edge."
Cut line east to determine - window l8he's up with groove so each cut is spot on.
"I use this product to cut flashcards I make on the computer. It is sturdy, doesn't slip on the table, cuts very straight and accurately. It comes with an extra blade, which I have not had to use yet. So far I have been using this for a couple months, cutting about 5-6 sheets of regular computer paper at a time, with no issues."
"Love this! My old paper cutter had dull blades and I couldn't find the replacements. I like that this one has the pull out ruler to measure things longer then the board. I do have some issues with the blade coming out if I pull on it to get the clear guard up, but I just need to pull the guard itself. It cuts very well and I need to get replacement blades just to have on hand"
like it but you have to be very careful for the measurements to be accurate
works good
"This is the BEST invention ever. I used to use a cutting board, but this portable trimmer makes it so much easier to cut a straight line! I printed business cards on cardstock, then cut them with this. They turned out GREAT! They are all cut exactly the same."
"This trimmer works well. For thicker papers, the edges are a bit jagged and not as smooth as I expected."
Great trimmer!!
Lighter weight than I expected but the blade is sharp. Many measurement options. Convenient size
"This replaces my old cutter that lasted about 10 years.  I have other paper cutters as well as equipment to cut paper with an exacto but this lives in my desk drawer for those small projects that don't require bringing out all that other stuff. Hopefully this one will serve as well as the last.  The last cutter did not have the ""squaring arm"", this feature will surely be a plus."
I use this all the time! I scrapbook and make cards and I use this instead of scissor to get a really straight line. I would 100% buy this again. The ruler is accurate and the razor is easily replaceable (if you ever need to replace! Mine is still super sharp!).
Works great!
Got this to cut some construction paper and it really doesn't work. You have to press down really hard to get it to cut. You'd have better luck with a pair of scissor.
"My only complaint is that the little blade hung comes off sometimes but it's really easy to put back on. It cuts really well. I have used it already to cut out decorations and invitations for my son's birthday party, which were printed on cardstock. I like that the ruler part is transparent so that I could see very well where I needed to cut and it's easy to line up everything to cut using the grid and rulers. Also, you can cut by sliding in either direction, which saves time when you're doing a lot of cutting. Love it, especially for the great price! I also love that it's compact and seems safer to have around the house than the old school guillotine kind."
I love this thing!  I needed it to cut some scrap book paper for a frame that I had and worked like a charm!  Came with a second blade too.
I was trying to make crafty gifts for birthdays and Christmas. I needed something to cut paper straight and all Wal-Mart had was paper cutters that look like pizza cutters. This looked more reliable and I'm glad I bought it. The pictures look great and its a great thanks to this. So glad I bought this one! Not a bad price either!
"As a scrapbooker, I was disappointed when I gave this cutter to my daughter.  When trying to make precise cuts, the first issue is that one cannot actually tell where 5"" is on the cutter, which makes it impossible to make precise cuts.  I have always loved my trimmer like this with the extending arm; however, this version is not useful if one is trying to cut exact sizes of paper."
Love the measurement for card making.
"I just got mine yesterday,and I love it!! I used it to trim up my construction paper I was using to make boxes. It very cleanly trimmed edges much less than 1/8th inches. Will be using it today to cut my Quilling papers"
Great
"Usually I love Fiskars, but this product is very flimsy and didn't work well."
"Pretty lightweight and mobile, great for small projects! We used this to cut up homemade escort cards and table numbers and signs for our wedding and it did the job beautifully!"
Received on time and just as advertised. Thanks!
"I needed something quick to make memorial cards for my father's funeral service. This worked awesome.  it not only cut the paper but also the laminate with clean straight lines. It even comes with an extra blade. It saved me a lot of money over having them made for me. For the price, you can't beat it."
Love it.
Highly recommended!
"Creates clean edges on regular printer paper. However, when I use the trimmer on card stock, the edges are straight but the paper curls slightly on the underside i.e. the edge is not smooth."
Very practical and save space because of it light and good size.
"Very nice cuts!  Glad I bought this one.  I recommend to anyone needing crisp, clean cuts.  Paper does not get shifted around during the cut."
"Works very well and fits a full size sheet of paper, which is why I bought this one vs. the cheaper ones"
Love it! Best cutter I've ever had
"Love this trimmer. I had one from fiskars before, but my daughter kept borrowing it:) I Finally decided to treat myself to an upgrade. My original one still works great(according to my daughter) and this one is also great. Nice cuts, no ragged edges. Perfect for photos."
"This trimmer is excellent!! I needed a replacement blade for another 'streamline' paper trimmer and skimmed across this Fiskars one. Holy wow, it is excellent quality!! After tons of cutting it is STILL super sharp. I even sliced my finger by simply not paying attention and didn't notice it for some time. This is one of the best affordable trimmers you will find."
I finally found the perfect cutter!
Great product.
I use this to cut coupons and it is perfect. The Inserts that come in the Sunday paper fit perfectly with room to spare. You might want to purchase extra blades to have on hand when the first one gets dull because the actual blade is quite small  but I expect the blade it comes with to last a couple months with frequent use before I need to switch to a new one.
This is the WORST paper cutter I have ever used/purchased.  It can't even cut a clean edge on simple copy paper.  A total waste of money!
Beautiful trimmer.
"love this item. Its light, easy to use, and just the right size for me to be able to put it away in my craft box without taking up too much room."
"The blade is very sharp and is replaceable.  Makes a very clean cut.  But the grid to the right of the cutter is a sticker instead of being printed on the plastic trimmer itself.  Paper catches on the sticker, so you have to be careful when you are lining up your paper."
I love it. Everyone should buy one of these because you won't know when it will become useful. I used it since the first day it arrived.
Kinda flimsy
"Safe and good enough for typical household use, lightweight, makes perfect cuts.  I didn't want my children using my heavy duty office paper cutter and this one is very safe for any child that you would let us a metal butter knife (so not for 3 year old). Better features and design than competitors in this price range. The swing out arm is great for larger cuts."
"Love this trimmer. It comes with 2 blades. I like that it is compact, yet it does have the 12 inch arm if I need to measure a larger piece of paper. Perfect for small items or full sheets of paper. The blade did get slightly hung up on my adhesive shipping label paper a couple times, but it it not enough of a problem for me to complain about. Would purchase again."
"For the price, it is pretty good for casual use, to trim paper or poster board. It is difficult to get good repeatablility, as the blade guide is wobbly. When trimming a stack of writing paper, one sheet at a time,  the finished paper shows 1/2 to 1mm variability. The trimmed edges are clean, as long as a sharp blade is used, just like using a razor blade. (This trimmer's blade is in essence a razor blade.)"
"Does the job, simple to use. Comes with additional blade which is easy to replace."
"I have a very similar trimmer to this (mine is slightly narrower and the swing out arm is orange) that I bought at Michael's. I just started using it with a scoring blade insert I bought on Amazon to more easily fold some cardstock, and I love it so far. I'm also planning on using it for some other wedding paraphanalia that I'm going to be making.

My only downside so far is that the ruler could be more clear. It starts on the far right, but then starts over from where you're cutting (which makes the most sense). On top of that, the swing out arm lacks the mark for 3"" on my model, and of course I'm trying to fold 5x7 cardstock to 5x3.5. After a few cards I figured out where I needed to line the paper up, but my first few cards were a little uneven."
Loved it so much I bought my mom one.  What a handy little tool!
"Not super impressed with this, especially for the price. The deck bends, giving an uneven cut, so precision isn't guaranteed. It took a half hour to get the tape residue off the deck from the packaging. It doesn't cut through more than one piece of cardstock without the risk of shredding the edges. It trims. It's pretty. If you can get it on sale ( I didn't) go ahead.  I'm keeping it because I hate sending things back, and it's convenient for small jobs, but have asked for a guillitine paper cutter for my birthday. I've used them and know it'll get the job done."
"Love, love this little trimmer. Easy to carry with you anywhere you go and cuts the paper precise and easy. Keep it my portable art bag. Would buy again"
I use this for cutting perfectly straight lines on food saver roll bags. Serves the purpose well. Long lasting blade which cuts in both directions.
"Peace of rubbish, it's not accurate and the orange cutter does not slide well, it pops out at the top, frustrating. From now on I'm going with Martha Stewart everything. I would love to return, but it's too late."
Works as expected.
Good product and seller.
It was delivered so quickly! Just what I expected. 
"I wish that it had some kind of threshold that would disable the paper from moving at all. It is a little difficult to get straight cuts because while it has the ruler system, there's not wall or blockage to keep paper from moving."
"Love it! Maybe everyone had one before me, but when I bought mine I am still cheering! Great product!"
"This is a well-made trimmer, and best of all it is small, so its easy to store out of the way when not in use."
"This cutter is fantastic. I have a purple cow cutter and it never cut on the first pass, this one is a breeze!"
"The blade is cheap and pops off the runners rather easily. It also cuts with a slightly frayed edge. It works for my needs, thus a 3 star."
Just what I needed!
Love it.
"This is a nice trimmer with a sharp blade, but it is very lightweight.  For my very occasional use, it is perfect, but my friends who do a lot more scrap-booking than I do find it to be too lightweight for their purposes."
"Small, lightweight,packable, and portable"
doesnt cut the paper proberly
"We've cut over 5,000 papers with this baby and it's still sharp."
love it
"I love this cutting board. Works well, nice size, fun to use!"
Works nicely.
"I really like this cutter, I used it to make my daughter's birthday invitation and it served its purpose. I gave 4 starts because the cutting blade keep falling off the rail while cutting. But other than that works great."
Easy to stow and cuts crisp lines. I bought this four months ago and have made many cuts with it and the blade is still usable. It's certainly dulled a little but still cuts just fine.
Only been using it for the night so far works great the only reason i gave 4 stars instead of 5 was because the arm didn't lock in place a plus is its easy to find replacement blades and they aren't expensive.
meh...not that great. Personally if you are cutting bigger items get a bigger one and the cutter only cuts thinner paper. I say save your money and get a better one.
"Such a handy paper cutter! love this size and it has beautiful edges, very sharp and crisp once cut! Sometimes the little blade does pop off, but it pops right back on."
"After getting tired and annoyed with Exacto knives and guillotine paper cutters ruining my work, this little unit is quick, precise and easy to use. Great for trimming exactly what you want to trim."
Awesome! Bought it it cut fabric printer sheets and it works beautifully--I can see exactly where to cut and it slices cleanly through the fabric without a single snag.
"Purchased this unit to trim down shipping labels that are printed on 8 1/2"" x 11"" paper.  The time savings versus using scissors (multiple cuts instead of just four quick ""slices"") has already paid for the product."
"Based on the review saying ""just by this one"" I did (my own fault, I know).  I had 80 pages of presentation that required cutting, and I could barely do one at a time and get a straight edge without tearing.  Granted, presentation paper is thicker than normal paper, but I'd think one at a time at LEAST would've worked.  If you're only cutting regular paper buy this, otherwise spend a couple more bucks for something that saves you time."
Was looking for something a little bigger and more sturdy but this is doing the job for the moment.
"Pros:
Small
Cuts well
Easy storage
Comes with Extra blade

Cons:
The orange blade pops out easily
Not sure if it's because of the size, but it is a little bit difficult to determine EXACTLY where it will cut. This could also be because the cutting section is in them middle of the ruler and not at the end. But once you get used to it, it does get easier."
"flimsy and inaccurate.  Took a shot on the cheap price and favorable reviews, but if you need precision spend the money on something better."
"I've needed a new trimmer for a couple months now. I like Fiskars, a lot actually. But I don't like the way the packaging came. It was hassled and thrown together, and just didn't feel properly protected."
Great price.  Cuts pictures very nicely.  Uses replaceable blades which is a big plus.
:)
Very light paper cutter. I like that it is portable. But I prefer my heavy duty swingline paper cutter over this one.
"This cutter is way larger than I was expecting and a bit too bulky for traveling with. However, it cuts clean and crisp every time."
Awesome
great
"Useful cutter for slicing paper. Comes with an extra blade and is very easy to use. Moves easily, works well."
Great paper cutter. Makes cutting things straight so easy.
Not what I expected but it does the job I intended it to do.
Really nice cutter for the price. Only thing I noticed was that the little orange blade comes off the track really easily.
I hate that the pop out ruler does not sit flush with the upper ruler. Hard to see the ruler measurements because of this design flaw. We owned a similar one that doesn't have this problem. Find one that is flush. You'll be happy you did.
Just what I needed for my scrap booking.
Cuts nicely for my photos
"I was hoping to use this to make wedding invitations out of card stock. It left a little bump of paper along the cut edges, making it clear that the invitation was cut from a larger piece of card stock. We ended up going to Kinkos and using their heavy-duty paper cutter for free, with better results.

EDIT: After I gave up on using this product to cut cardstock, I started using it just on normal-weight scrapbook paper, and it works perfectly fine. It's called a ""scrapbooking trimmer,"" so fair enough. Just don't do what I did and expect it to serve as an all-purpose paper cutter."
Good product! Good seller!!
I really like this trimmer - it is small enough to take with me but durable enough it isn't going to break.
So nice to have a 12 inch trimmer as many paper sheets are 12 inches to begin with.  It's a good quality item and has a handy pull out ruler.
You have to be very careful with card stock to get clean edges.  It cuts regular copy paper fine.
"I bought the fiskars trimmer based on the rave reviews posted on amazon. For the most part, the reviews are accurate. Some issues that I'm seeing that I hadn't anticipated are:
1. The plastic board itself is a bit flimsy. By that I mean that when I press down to trim a thicker piece of paper (like card stock) the board bends, yielding an ever so slightly wavy line.
2. The four padded feet on the back are not all the same height. When it's flat on the table, the board rocks back an forth a little.

Otherwise, clean cuts and no other complaints."
Does not cut so well very poor quality. You can get better stuff out there.
I love it! All I could ever ask for. It's very easy to use.
Cuts very well.  Only downfall is that the blade falls out of the track when you are carrying the trimmer from your craft cabinet to the table and so forth.
"I use this all the time. Very sturdy, markings clear. Easy to use."
I've bought two of these. The first was for the kids for school projects. So easy to use and accurate. A friend was over and loved it so much that I bought the second one.  Great for pictures and paper!  Highly recommend!
Love it!
It works but it is much more lightweight and thinner than I expected. The cutting part has a little bit of shift to it so it has to be held taught. The measuring lines are not very precise and any measurement close to the between 5and 6 where that extension is can be really difficult. The cutting blade is easy to remove and replace plus it works but not very well on heavier paper where it looks a bit messy.
"I am generally pleased with the purchase of Fiskars 12 Inch Portable Scrapbooking Trimmer (196920-1001). I got an extra cutting blade with it. I also bought the scoring blade which works fine.

A couple of flaws though. At the top, when you align the paper to cut, the paper hides the measurements. I would prefer to see the measurements while I am cutting. Also, 1/4"", 1/2"" and 3/4"" measurement marks are difficult to distinguish. The 5 1/8"" mark gets lost between the edge of the trimmer and the start of the extended ruler. Cutting blade also wears out fast so be sure to have extras."
"great slicer, should bring an extra blade"
blade wears out quickly
"Great product and very easy to use!  I bought it because I read that it can cut through more than one paper at a time.  So far,  it cuts through cardstock with ease!  I also like that is lightweight and portable because I take it to school in my bag."
You have to take care when lining up on the guides for the correct size to cut. It is sharp and cuts typical single sheet paper like butter. Beats scissors and the cutting edge is replaceable. Good for general everyday usage. Haven't tried the swing arm guide yet.
Does a nice job of cutting.  Perfect for me and for what I need it for.
"For the price, very good buy. Works well."
The best investment I ever made. Makes everything so much easier....and faster.
works better than the large table trimmers
great
Great for my paper crafts.
"I bought this product to use ,  with my vaccum sealer , ( I purchased it from my Sister , and it is the basic model ) , to measure and cut the bags , and it has worked superbly , from day one  ! It comes with a replacement cutter head , but I have not used it yet , and I'm sure you can purchase more , if needed !! I am one very satisfied customer !!  Thank You Very Much !!!"
"Great, especially for the price!  The blade is sharp, so it can make even very precise, slight trims.  Easy to align.  The plastic paper holder lifts up for easy cleaning."
Not very substantial - I wanted for light office cutting.  Probably just right for scrapbooking if you are cutting only a few sheets at the time.
I love this trimmer!!  The measurements are perfect and it is extremely easy to use.
"Works quite well and price is about half of what I found in the big art store.  Next time, I might go for the full-sized one."
This is one of my favorite gadgets. It's very easy to use and has a sharp blade that makes an even cut. Having the piece that extends for larger paper is very nice. It's nice to have the smaller size for storage but the ability to cut larger paper.
"I am giving this trimmer two stars, but only because it didn't work for what I was going to need. I tried cutting cardstock and it really struggled. Even with one sheet, the edges were hairy and cuts not clean.
But, if you don't need to use it very often and only with normal paper, I think it will work fantastically."
Had to buy this because my 20+ year Fiskars large paper cutter broke and of course you cant find the parts for it anyplace.  We all know if it is Fiskars it is top of the line quality.  I LOVE it!!!
Works well
"This cuts paper really well! It feels a little bit flimsy,  but it does the job. It comes with an extra blade, so that'll be useful in the future. The blade that is in the board doesn't seem to be thay sharp though."
"Does its job, can easily manage a couple of sheets at a time"
"Works well, lightweight. Does not take up too much space like the last trimmer I had."
I work in a school and often need to cut out printed material. Using scissors just comes out sloppy. This tool makes it easy to get nice clean straight cuts. Only knock is that the cutter sometimes pops out of its track a little too easily.
works awesome very easy to put away
I have only used it on scrapbook booking paper and it works quite well.
"I bought this product at a retail store, couldn't understand why my cuts were not as measured. At close inspection, found that the rotary blade was not aligning with the blades channel and therefore cutting the board instead, to it back to store to replace it and found all cutters on their shelf were the same way. Still looking for a good cutter!"
This helps immensely with my hobby.
"It took a while getting used to how to use it, but once I figured it out, it's great!"
i love it. its great use for the perfect cut for my zines.
"Just remember that it is ""portable""  which also means it won't cut too many pieces of paper at once.  It is razor sharp and does work with no more than two pieces of paper at a time.  Be sure to move the orange marker back to the original position or you will not be able to get a precise cut.  It is worth having in a craft room however."
All I really use it for is cutting shipping labels out but it has improved my efficiency compared to scissors tremendously.
"I bought 3 photo paper trimmers to try: A guillotine, a rotary blade, and this diamond-blade style one.

WINNER:
This is the one I kept. Because of the way it is designed, the blade cuts thoroughly and entirely through the thickness of glossy photo paper, STRAIGHT and COMPLETELY.  I found that with thicker papers, I had to use the rotary blade over and over a couple times to make sure it cut all the way through. With this trimmer, it just slices through in ONE PASS.  Zero resistance. When I cut paper with the other trimmers, I would flip the photos over and notice that the cuts would be *frayed* on the back.  With this Fiskars trimmer, it looks consistent, not zig-zagged.

(The 2 others I bought from costco that I immediately returned upon getting this one:
1) Purple Cows Deluxe 2 In 1 Trimmer
2) Carl 12"" Personal Rotary Trimmer, Green Machine)

VERDICT:
It is an absolute joy to cut paper with this one -- in fact I *actively seek* excuses to cut paper now.  My girlfriend even offered to take me to my first Emo's-Anonymous meeting, haha!"
"This trimmer works great!  It's not too large, easy to use, easy to store and cuts effortlessly."
Love it!
Easy to use and makes a perfect straight line. It also has replaceable blades and others that do more than make a straight line cuts.
Goes dull fast. Works well when the blade is sharp.
Pleased with this buy
Fits my needs perfectly. The blade moves effortlessly through the paper.
not that bad
"my old one had a wire guide, this one doesn't  - same brand though so i'm not sure if i can find another one with the wire guide or not"
Perfetct. Works great for scrapbooking.
Very happy with this purchase.
"Horrible quality! The blade is 1/2 centimeter, barely cuts through anything beyond plain white paper. So disappointed... I used it on a photo, didn't cut through and left terrible edges."
Was as posted
If you are planning on cutting thick bond paper (~ 10 pieces a week) this portable scrapbook cutter is a good solution for the money.
Excellent product especially for the price
works for most kind of paper. can't cut 7 print paper one time
Superb.
"Just the thing for making greeting cards.  Cuts straight, store small.  Nice that it comes with a replacement blade."
"Needed a smaller paper cutter to have at home instead of a large bulky one like I have in my classroom.  So far, this has worked just fine and meets my needs."
Works fine and lasts a long time. My other one was over 15 years old and the score line in the center had become pitted; otherwise I would not have had to replace it. Love these trimmers. Simple and easy to use.
It cuts very well. Easy to use. Lightweight.
Love it
Does the job!
"I have been looking at this and other trimmers for weeks. Based on reviews and price, I finally bought this one. Although I was excited to use it, the first time I did, I was disappointed. The blade was not very sharp and left a less-than-clean cut on my watercolor paper. It is a triple-track blade. I intend to order a new blade to see if it makes a difference."
"This is SO convenient!  I love how small it can be and I can move it from place to place.  Just what I was looking for, and it's easy to use."
TRULY the best on the market!!
This doesn't cut very well and measuring lengths and ensuring even alignment can be difficult because of the ridges
Excellent
"Serves it's purpose although not very well. The orange blade keeps popping off. Unless you put this on a towel or rubber surface the trimmer itself slides around. It is very lightweight, easy to pop in a tote bag, and does indeed trim paper. Not for heavier, thicker paper as the blade gets stuck and gives a ragged edge."
"Love this! I can work on crafts on my lap while I watch tv. The cutter is very sharp and makes clean cuts. I also really like the fold out ruler for cutting larger pieces. It's lightweight and compact, so I can just toss it in my craft box when I need to clean everything up. The only downside is you can't really cut more than one piece of heavy weight card stock at a time, but for this price-point, this is a great paper cutter."
Easy to use.  Comes with an extra cutting blade.  Can use on all paper sizes.
New paper cutter after many years of service... I like the little bit larger size and you can never go wrong with Fiskars!
"This cutter is nice, but the blade is constantly and frustratingly popping out."
"I absolutely love this thing!!  The only reason it doesn't get 5 stars is because for some of the cuts (mainly paper) it bends the paper up on the backside.  It's hardly noticeable, but when it is for smaller photos or smaller projects.  But, it also REALLY helps get the projects done faster!!"
"This is a great little paper cutter- I used it to cut hundreds of squares for my sons minecraft party.
It quickly cut through the thicker stock paper and still using the same blade. I love how compact and light the unit is.
I would recommend it."
"Works great! I'm afraid I'll lose the other blade though because it just comes in the packaging, and I have no where to store it safely!"
Love it. I make cards and don't need a cutter for more than 3 pages at a time. It came with a spare blade. It is also very easy to change the blades when it's time. Will highly recommend it to people who love to do crafts
"I have bought two different 12 "" Fiskars paper trimmers.  I love the extendable arm and it's easy to cut the paper precisely.  However the blades on these things are horrible.  It have to replace the blade after one or two days of scrapbooking.  After the first few days the paper leaves annoying paper fibers or tears the paper all together.  I have bought both types of blades...the ""regular"" and the titanium.  The titanium are supposed to be better and last longer and they do, but not near enough to justify the higher price.  In my opinion neither blade is worth buying when you have to buy soooo many of them.  I would caution against buying this trimmer, unless you have the resources to buy these blades by the cartful!"
Fiddly with ruler
Works well and was half the price of box stores
It is very practical and it works pretty well. The cutter sometimes fell off but its fine :)
Perfect for small tasks. Very lightweight.
great for cutting paper
"Makes so many tasks (office, coupon clipping) so much easier.  Very pleased with this!"
I scrapbook and use this for cutting pictures down and also trimming my scraps after using my cricut machine.  Works great!
not perfectly square but still get's the job done. Great product!
This little Paper Cutter works very well for my use.. I make Paper Beads for jewelry.. So I am only cutting one sheet at a time..does a great Job..
"Great device, certainly beats using the scissors that makes crooked cuts anyway.  Came with an extra cutter, which I've securely put aside for when the cutter on the board gets dull.  The only thing I would change would be to add to a straight guide that I can align cuts with so my pictures would be perfectly straight for sure."
Was on sale! Had to get it!! A treat for me!!
"Use this to cut Foodsaver-type bags (<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/these-off-brand-rolls-are-THE-BEST/dp/B00BUT9DXK/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">these off-brand rolls are THE BEST</a>) for food storage and sous vide. Doesn't even hiccup. I imagine the blades will wear out a little quicker than if I used it for paper, but it's ok; they're cheap!"
Great for cutting photos!
So far so good. I bought this on Amazon because it cost quite a bit more at my local Michael's (even with the coupon) and it has great reviews. It's pretty and it cuts more smoothly than my last Fiskars trimmer (even with replacement blades). I hope it keeps up the good work! This is the perfect little trimmer for the home card maker / scrapbooker.
"I wish it was bigger but I love it just the same works great to cut my tissue paper into strips, I also used it to cut my cork board (thin) I would buy it again. I just wish somehow you could move the strip from one side or the other lol would of made it easier but maybe I am just not using it right, this is my first time using one and my first time starting crafts using mod podge I love it and will continue to play with it and come up with many more creations"
I use this to clip coupons and it works great. Really easy and fast to use.
I read all the reviews carefully before making my choice.  This trimmer is horrible.  I can only cut one way to get a reasonably good cut.  The other way looks like a shaggy dog.  I am going to have to get different one.  This one stinks.  If anyone has suggestions for another trimmer please let me know.
It works as it should... but it's different than one I've bought before. This one; the measuring lable is stick-on and was curling up on the corners and the strip past the blade is so curled it looks as if its going to peel off soon
Believe me this comes in very handy. Luv this product!
I got this to cut pictures it works great. The blade is really sharp and it's easy to line it up.
good
Amazing trimmer. I had another one from another company and it never cut well. This one is smooth.
Purchased this trimmer for minor use to cut paper and photos. I actually use it more than I thought! Good buy.
Best thing to buy for many reasons!
Love having this.  Makes crafts so much easier.
Love this.. works great
"Just started using it, but have been pleasantly surprised at how well it cuts."
Perfect for what I needed. I do little crafty things so I was looking for something cheap. This was better than I expected and I am very content with its quality.
"I really like this for cutting cardstock, but you have to make sure to press down on the slider otherwise it will not make a clean cut. The pre-selected measurements are really nice for accurate measurements, but I do not like that I constantly have to guess where the 5.5 mark is since it is right at the fold where the extender comes out. If it went out just a little bit further, I would be much more pleased. I like that I am able to use the measurements for scoring as well, although I wish there were a scoring attachment so I don't have to use a separate tool (or in my case, a butter knife).

Overall, for what I paid, it gets the job done. I just learned quickly I need to press down a little bit more if I want that clean cut for making cards."
"It's a good tool, just not perfect. I'm sure I will get lots of use out of it. It was hard to pass up the deal I got. Amazon had it at a special price when I bought it. I should have have 2"
works well - have been using it for months and still on the first blade.  Maybe use the item about once a week or so
"Easy peasy! Does what I need it to do simply, precisely and at a manageable price."
The blade is dull.
"This cuts great.  Traditional paper cutters don't work for me.  The difference with this one is that there is a ditch that shows you exactly where the blade will go and the ruler (paper guide) helps to keep the paper in place.  With this trimmer I have gotten exact cuts, which I love.  With traditional paper cuts I would sometimes have different cuts depending on the size of the stack, and papers would be cut different lengths, albeit pretty close together.  Sometimes I would have stray strips of paper, which is irritating.  With this cutter, depending on the size of the stack and thickness of the paper, yes, I sometimes have to cut twice, which traditionally would have create the different lines/cuts.  The way this is made with the paper guide holding the paper down you don't get little stray strips of paper.  It's been worth it.  Hassle free cutting!

It's also beautiful with the cute flower design.

The only reason I didn't give this 5 stars was because the cutter (orange part) came off when I held the cutter at a 90 degree angle, but I was just as easily able to put back on, which is good in a way because you get a free replacement, but still, it was surprising (and unsettling) that blade just flew off.  Needless to say, I keep this 180 degrees."
VERY SATISFIED!!!!
"this has one task.....and...that little orange cutter keeps falling off.  I'd say that it's one task is too much for this piece of junk.
it's very annoying."
"Totally useless. Lines are rounded, measuring inaccurate, blade barely cuts through one sheet of regular paper."
"Got this as a gift for my wife as she does some crafting but mainly uses it to cut pictures she gets at the photo store ""Picture People""

So far, it's worked well and my wife hasn't given me any complaints about it."
"My wife loves it, so I love."
"Does a great job cutting papers well. It is light and easy to carry around and store.
I use it to do scoring too which eliminates the need for a scoring board.
Only downside is the the unclear marking of the 5 inch marking on the top due to the curved deign, so you have a estimate a little if you wan to cut a 5 inch strip of paper."
Very easy to use and makes cutting things in straight lines much easier.
"Okay so this trimmer would definitely be worth the price with a couple adjustments.

A. adding the missing 5"" in. margin on to the plate
B. making the blade more secure on to the ruler. Im happy its easy to replace the blade, but thanks to that, sometimes the blade would just pop off with out even knowing.

My solution to problem A. I had to first, manually carve the margin w a thin blade. Second, I used a thin-tip permanent marker to add more visibility to the carved line.

Solution to problem B. I had to get in habit of not lifting the securing ruler by the blade, or after trimming the paper, since its best to trim going bottom-up, I would just bring it back down carefully. I really don't like doing that because there are times when you accidentally shift the paper when you finish trimming it and bringing the blade back down may cause you to snip the edge again. Im so glad I bought as an add-on item two extra track blades. I know they will deff come in handy one of these days.

Over all, the cut is VERY clean, the blades are really sharp and its very sturdy! I love the flowers they added too. They make it look alot more fun!"
Although I don't scrapbook I use this as a work solution. Visual merchandising requires me to make random signs and this is the perfect solution to cut straight lines for awkwardly sized paper price signs and information signs. I would definitely recommend it to anyone either scrap booking or just working with paper cutting in general.
Useful product for paper crafts and other projects. Good quality.
My sister in law is obsessed with it.
I am very happy I chose to purchase this! It's a good size & cuts well! I do recommend this product !
I started homeschooling this year and also bought a laminator.  This has been a life saver.  Works great so far even on laminated card stock.  I use it all the time.  It has really been a time saver.  Great price too and I'm still on the first blade after about 3 months of use.  No complaints!
Sharp tiny knife and pretty accurate. Allowed me to have more fun with my paper craft.
Works As Advertised! Great Deal and Super Fast Shipping Thanks to Prime.
Love this trimmer! I have cut hundreds of pieces of paper and I still have yet to use the replacement blade!
I've used this a lot.  Why did I wait so long to buy one of these.  You will be amazed how easy it is to use and how often you use it!
"This is PERFECT for my 12x12 scrapbooking pages. Cuts clean, smooth, and easy. All I could ask for!
*Made this card so fast using the paper trimmer and tape runner"
LOVE LOVE LOVE!!! I recommend to ALL my couponing friends. BUT make sure to order replacement cutters. I went through 1 blade in 2 weeks but I'm an extreme couponer.
Love the paper cutter
"My initial impression was mostly negative - thought it looked cheaply made, and was a bit confusing in how to line something up to cut out based on lines, etc., not just by specific size.  However, after working with this for a couple of weeks I have changed my mind - this is the best paper cutter I've found without spending many times more.  It is a bit confusing in lining some times of jobs up, but once you get the hang of it, it is much better than the Carl rotary cutter I was using before.  And it is truly portable, which for home use is nice.

It does have limitations in how thick something can be - at best I can cut only 2 or 3 sheets of card stock, but if your needs are just basic trimming, I think you'll find this an excellent choice."
  !!!      !
"It's OK for the price. A lttle flimsier than expected and less-than-neatest cut, but basically works and nicely/safely tucked away cutitng blade."
"I couldn't wait to use this, and I very much wanted to like it. I think it is just ok- but I was expecting more. It will do the job, but I really wish it had a way to lock the paper in place. When cutting sheets of paper it is difficult to cut a straight line unless you hold the paper in place. Other than that, it does a good job and I have had no other problems. I kept this cutter, but I also ordered a different one that has the ""lock"" option that I want. The positive things about this cutter: it is easy to use, it is lightweight and it cuts well."
I use this all the time!
Great works as expected
"This works well but the little orange blade thing keeps coming detached on mine. Very frustrating! I am fairly gentle with it too and I have only used it with regular paper, not card stock. If you are going to use this over and over again I would search for a stronger model."
"Love it! I've been using it so much, I will definitely stick to this brand. I'm so glad I found it on Amazon. It cuts nicely. I highly recommend!"
A replacement and a must have!
Works great!
Makes trimming with a straight edge so easy!
"This is my first scrapbook trimmer. It took a couple of tries until I was able to properly trim photos - press down firmly while sliding the trimmer across! When I didn't press firmly, I found I had to pull tear apart my photos and the cuts weren't as clean. The size is excellent and I like the fact that there's an extendable arm. Too early to tell how long a blade will last but so far am pleased with this purchase."
"Great trimmer for a great price! ***NOT!*** SEE UPDATE BELOW!!

Amazon also shipped much faster than the estimated 3 week wait time :D

I cut 6 pieces of paper with this trimmer with ease!

This trimmer is a little wider than my last one, but I like the large base.  My last Fiskars 12"" trimmer last for years.  I believe this one will last just as long.  My only concern with this trimmer are the stickers.  The base of the trimmer is white plastic and the grey mat with flowers is a large sticker.  The fold out ruler also has a large ruler sticker on it.  My last trimmer was dark grey and the measurement lines were engraved into the plastic and painted a bright orange.  I prefer that, but this will do nicely.

I would have given it 5 stars, but due to the stickers, I gave it 4.

Hope this helped :)

****UPDATE***
I have had this trimmer for a little over a month now.  I would say that it has not been used heavily as a scrap booker would, but I have used it frequently.  I have reduced my stars for this product to 1 star.  Here are my cons after using this for a month now:

-  The stickers are beginning to peel up.  I live in a very dry climate so it is not that.  My papers get caught on the stickers and before I realize it, my papers are crooked!
-  The small orange cutter with the blade keeps falling out.  I pick it up, it falls out.  I lay it down, it falls out.  Very frustrating.
-  The slide out ruler is a bear to get out.  It sticks and when I do manage to get it unstuck, you guessed it, the orange cutter flies across the room!
-  If it were under 30 days, this would definitely be returned.

Save yourself some grief and keep looking for a good trimmer.  Fiskers used to make a solid 12"" paper trimmer, but they had to go and fix something that wasn't broken!"
Works great. Use it for scrap booking.
"small and pack-able, very useful, cuts great, comes with an extra blade"
I've been doing scrapbook my whole life and it didn't get easier until I bought this. My eyes are getting bad for using scissors and this thing is helping me a lot. I'm glad I bought it.
Easy to use very practical and convenient. Just slide and cut.
This paper trimmer makes cutting my pictures to fit frames so very easy..much easier than a standard paper cutter.
The sticker measurement is a bit off. The blades aren't really made to cut more than 1-2 pages at a time. I used it to make 70+ wedding book invitations that had 10 pages each... it was time consuming -but I wasn't willing to invest much more in a one time project.
"I would NOT recommend this product. I'm not sure how this product got so many great reviews!?!? It does not cut straight. It rolls the paper on the cut line. And forget cutting anything thicker than #20 copy paper. If you need a trimmer to be able to cut square, this is not for you. If you need to cut something that doesn't need precision, it will work. However, like many reviewers said, your scissors will do a better job."
great...cuts clean...stable...and has another blade...but you can guy at your local fine stores too...
Can always trust Fiskars! I've always used Fiskars cutters and have never been disappointed.
"It works well, but I don't think it's as sturdy as the other trimmers I have used in the past."
"Perfect for my application. I cut printed photos and also cut scale cutouts for floor plan use. If car is taken to line up the paper correctly, a straight cut edge with consistent results is possible."
"Works as described.  Blade has worked on everything from cardstock to mulberry paper.  Handy swing arm.
I don't know that the blade will stay sharp forever, but at this price point, I'm pleased with it.  Included another blade."
Just what I needed.
"This is a lightweight paper cutter. It can cut through a few sheets at a time. Not super sturdy, but good for the price."
"I love my Fiskars paper cutter.  I've had it almost a year now and use it all the time.  It's held up perfectly.  I do have a big conventional cutter too but find this one is perfect to keep close at hand, right on your craft table.  It's compact, lightweight and most importantly does a good job. For fun I think occasionally of what tools I'd pick if I could only have three.  This would definitely be one of the three"
"I consider this cutter a disaster. The cutting point leaves very small pieces of paper in the groove that cause the sheet of paper to tear the next time a cut is attempted. The swing-out arm does not align accurately with the scale on the board, so that alignment takes too much care and time. Result: I usually waste more sheets of paper than I cut properly.
I am ordering another paper cutter today."
This item was perfect for my use. Cuts very well.
Wish I'd gotten it years ago!
"Cheaply made, doesn't cut very well."
Thank you!
"I really like the features of this Trimmer.  It isn't for industrial use, but works great for a small office or home used.  Just what I was looking for."
floor plate seems crooked and orange cutter easily comes off
Works well. I used it to trim several laminated cards and the original blade is still sharp.
Have not used this yet but everything I have that is a Fiskar always is top notch.
I use this to cut vacuum sealer bags. Works perfectly for that.
Great product
"I've used this tool several times; the trimmer insures that you make one clean cut along the whole 12"" (or less) when you line up the measurements and cut groove."
"Tremendous little trimmer!  I use it at work.  I am on the franklin covey system (daily planner) and when I print my calendars from outlook, It the 5.5x8 franklin covey format prints on legal paper, so I have to cut it in half.  previously I would fold the paper in half, then rip along the edge, which looks unappealing to me with the rough edges.  Now my daily planner look neat with the evenly cut edges using this trimmer.  The trimmer is sharp and quick.  I marked on the ruler with a black permanent marker where 5.5 inches is, so that each time when I trim, I just line the sheet up with the big black mark.  Also, THE clear bar that runs top to bottom lifts UP!  For the first couple of weeks, I was sliding my sheets under it...I didn't realize it simply lifts up and you can trim more than 1 sheet!"
"Cuts paper very easily, it even cuts my thickest cardstock with no problem. My only issues are that the blade tends to fall out of the track easily if tipped over and measuring isn't the easiest because of the gaps."
"okay, but not my favorite cutter. 1/2 markings are hard to figure out."
"I love everything except that it's hard to measure 5"" because of the split. Maybe I'm just not doing it right. Paper cutters aren't usually complicated though. It's a minor annoyance. I still love it."
Better than any of the paper cutters in the office
works great
"Works great! Although it's a little flimsy once you get the hang of it, it's easy to use."
"I didn't want to spend a ton of money on a paper cutter, but it was necessary as I had 100+ baby shower invitations to cut and I wanted them to look nice. WOW, I am I glad I invested in this. If I could give it more than 5 stars I would. This product is light weight, and so quick and easy to use. It cuts through thick card stock with ease and when the blade starts to get dull (after many, many uses) the package comes with an extra blade. The old blade pops out and the new one pops in in 20 seconds or less. This product is a necessity for anyone who has projects involving paper that require a lot of clean, straight edges."
"It's okay! It does the work, but every time I use it the blade comes off. I wish I would have gotten another one."
Does exactly what I needed it for.
"I am not a real crafty person and this is my first time buying an item like this- it works really good but I have nothing to compare it to. However, if I need to buy another, I would probably go with the same brand."
great for couponing
LOVE LOVE LOVE this paper trimmer. I am new to scrapbooking and this product has really help facilitate my projects. I am very happy with this purchase. Cuts all my photos and paper perfectly. There are so many size charts on the board too to help make sure you're cutting things to size. Awesome that it comes with an extra cutting tab and easy to sharpen. I also love that is is so compact and lighweight.  Make sure you keep the cutting groove clean of any paper dust and residue or else you will screw up your cuts.
I can't say enough praise for this. I LOVE this!!
I love the fiskars cutters.
"Super cheap and flimsy. It ruined one of my photos, because the blade isn't that sharp. I'd practice a few cuts on something that doesn't matter prior to trying anything you care about cutting.

If I had it to do over I would have spent more money on a decent paper cutter. My expectations were to only cut a few home-printed photos from time to time. This doesn't really meet my expectations. You get what you pay for..."
"I love this!! For someone who absolutely cannot cut straight with a pair of scissors, this was a lifesaver! How did I live for so long without one?!"
"Compact, cheap, and efficient. I had a little trouble cutting 110 lb bristol, but the lighter stuff is very easy."
Just love it!
"This tool is great. I love it! Clean cuts, easy to use. Be careful of the blade though, it's very sharp.  I dropped the spare and it rolled under the bed.  When I reached for it (carefully, I thought) I sliced my fingertip.  I'm thinking about getting a paper bead making kit to make use of the trimmings as well as all the other junk mail, newpaper, and ads that come into the household.

I'm curious about how long the blade stays sharp."
Affordable and easy to use!  So long exacto knife!  When it comes to straight cuts this product has your back.
sets up easily and provides a good cut.
Junk - go for a higher quality trimmer if you want clean edges. Purchased this to cut some card stock paper (not super heavy) and it left ragged edges
This is one of those products that make me really appreciate thoughtful design.  I use the trimmer for trimming the white borders off photo prints.  The cuts are very accurate.  The trimmer is very easy to use.  I love it.
"While this is a very lightweight, portable, good-cutting paper cutter, I would like to highlight that the demarkations for the 5"" area measurements are vague.  Just FYI.  I took a fine-point Sharpie marker and drew in my own marks for this area.  WHY Fiskars failed on this is beyond me.  I do use this cutter nearly every day and it is a big help compared to my more cumbersome guillotine and rotary cutters.  Hope this helps!"
"I don't know if it's just bad luck or what, but this is my second trimmer that doesn't produce a truly straight line. Well, the line IS straight, it's just not even. When I line it up and cut a page down the middle one side is bigger on the bottom. I really like the Fiskars brand, so I'm considering purchasing another one... third time's a charm, right? The blade is very sharp, but mine falls out of the track sometimes because I store it upright. I like the fact that it comes with a replacement blade, too.

Update: Jan. 11, 2015. This trimmer is a lot better than what I initially thought. Some of my previous issues WERE due to used error. I've found that as long as I slightly push the blade to either the right or the left (one or the other) as I'm running it through my paper, then I get an even cut. Before I was just sliding it down without paying attention and the slight difference in play can cause the blade to float over. The only reason I didn't bump it up to five stars is because the black measurements are nearly gone in some areas. I've just ordered the&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Fiskars-12-Inch-SureCut-Deluxe-Craft-Paper-Trimmer-152490-1004/dp/B0038F1A0S/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Fiskars 12 Inch SureCut Deluxe Craft Paper Trimmer (152490-1004)</a>&nbsp;which has the measurements under the surface so they won't ever wear off."
"very good and simple trimmer, I recommend this product. Thank you"
Great Seller. Product as described.
"Within just a couple of uses and about a week of owning this, the little orange piece with the blade came off. It slips back on easily, but comes off after every cut. I cut my finger pretty badly on it trying to put it back on. The trimmer cuts pretty straight, but sometimes curls up edges a bit. Not happy with this."
"I don't normally write reviews, but I bought this because it was Fiskar, I use it to cut postcards and business cards and some other small jobs I may print at home.  The ruler on it sucks.  I had to draw my own lines on it and it's not that accurate, I am very disappointed.  Tired of it, probably will purchase a different one."
I absolutely adore my new Fiskar's paper cutter.
"I needed to trim 4x6's photo paper and decided to purchase this. It's not bad.

-easy cutter replacement, haven't needed to yet.
-compact.
-has helpful grid and ruler. You wouldn't believe it, but I don't have rulers at home since I finished grade school.

cons:
the photo guides aka 4x6 are nice to have, but serve no purpose because it's difficult to use them as cutting guides. I feel that you would cut a letter sized paper into a big 4 inch strip and then realize you should have cut a 6x4. So at least the manufacturer should switch where the blade is/or flip the guides to make them more useful.

-they should have made it 5 inches long all around. It is 5 inches on the left side but it curves to 4.8 inches, so there is not 5 inch mark at the top ruler. A little frustrating."
"This paper trimmer is excellent.  It is lightweight, easy to store and does the job perfectly!!  I would definitely recommend it!"
"This is one of the greatest tools I need in my office.  I do a lot of stuff for churches, Sdah's Creative Inner-Praise Specialty Cards and Graphic Designs and this helps so much when I'm doing jobs that require precise cutting.  Thanks Fiskars, I look forward to purchasing other items from you."
It is portable and easy to use. I love that it doesn't take up a ton of space. I highly recommend!
"I bought this paper cutter because most of the reviews were good, but, since then, my work has taken a turn for the worse.  After measuring very carefully on the cutter, the cuts that resulted were always different lengths.  I doubted myself; put on glasses, measured three times, etc.  Still wonky.  So I measured the paper in the paper cutter before I cut and discovered that it is 1--2 millimeters off.  When you're working with fine projects, as I do, that is a world of difference.  I own many good Fiskars cutting products, which is the other reason I bought this.  The price is good, another reason.  But I never would have bought it if it carried a warning that it was 1--2 mm off.  That's not worth it at any price."
"I have a lovely 15"" guillotine paper cutter which I've happily used for many years... and, despite the over 20 years of cutting and cutting, it still has a decent cutting edge.  However, it is largish, heavy and awkward to drag out all the time for just a few sheets of paper (I don't have a dedicated spot for it to sit, unfortunately).  So I bought this very inexpensive and portable paper cutter by Fiskars thinking it would be perfect for trimming various smaller items...just take it out of the drawer and cut away.  Besides, Fiskars has been around for a long time, and has produced many excellent items.

You know the adage, You get what you pay for?  While in my experience, this has generally held to be true, there have also been several pleasant surprises where an inexpensive item has turned out to be quite good.  So I took a chance.  The reality of this very cheaply made piece of plastic is that I could cut paper better, straighter and more easily with a pair of old scissors in desperate need of sharpening.  The little plastic cutter won't stay put, and it is next to impossible to settle the paper in so that a good straight edge is achieved, and the cut edge is not reliably cut cleanly.

I generally read reviews before I purchase something with which I'm not familiar, and I glanced over the negative reviews for this item, but decided to go ahead and purchase because of the very large number of positive reviews. Definitely my mistake, but thankfully, Amazon has an excellent return policy, so I've returned it.

I'm now leery of any paper cutters with a similar cutting mechanism, and will probably go to a stationery supply store to see what is available, and if I find something suitable, then I can come back to Amazon.  In the meantime, back to the guillotine!"
When I received this I was a little skeptical.  It appeared on the cheaper side.  I used it to cut photos and it worked very well.
This is a great trimmer.  It is very well made and attractive with the flowers on it. I use it for cutting and scoring cardstock.  It cuts very clean.
Perfect and am so happy I purchssed! Does the job I need it for! Thank you! Thank you! Highly recommend :)
I layout and print business cards from my computer and I use photo paper for printing.  I can print 10-cards per page and I used these trimmers to cut the cards apart.  This trimmer is meeding my needs for this purpose.
"Cuts paper as expected. My wife uses it to cut coupons, and I believe she is able to cut multiple sheets at once."
I'm not a huge scrapbooker and this does the trick for me. I'm just using it to cut photos and small paper items.
"Other reviewer described the design problem with this trimmer, but I discounted it because of all the good reviews.  Believe them. I tried all kinds of paper and pressure, but every cut left a rolled edge.  On card stock, this causes the edge to bend around and tear making it useless.  I returned this and bought the Fiskars 12 Inch Portable Rotary Paper Trimmer (199080) instead because it doesn't have a groove. That one is MUCH better."
"I've used Fiskars punches for years so when my new craft required a bigger trimmer I felt safe getting a Fiskars brand one.  After using it for only 2 crafting sessions, I am disappointed that the blade does not stay in the track.  I rarely make it threw one swipe before the blade comes out somewhere along the plastic guide, not just at the blade changing section.  It has created the groove on the base to have cut marks on it's sides b/c it doesn't stay in the plastic flip up ruler guide so even if it does a full cut it isn't straight.

Sadly I would not buy this again and I recommend you don't spend your money on it either.  I'm chalking it up to a waste of money and am on the hunt for a new paper trimmer.  Does anyone have an suggestions on a good quality paper trimmer?"
"it's  a dream. finally i mange to cut paper, photos, cardstocks. it cuts everything. very easy to use!!!
i love it."
"This paper trimmer cuts like a dream. Unlike other paper trimmers where you have to go over the paper twice sometimes, with this paper trimmer...once is always enough n matter how thick the paper. Fiskars products tend to have excellent quality baldes."
"Where has this been all my life??  I make my own cards and do all kinds of crafts.  This thing has made my crafting SO much easier!  Works great, wonderful design and functionality.  The refills are a little pricey, but I've been using this for several months now and I'm still on the first blade.  Very happy!!"
"Didn't realize how much I'd be using this when I purchased this product.

Does a great job, I have much more consistent and straight cuts.

Note: 2 small things;
1) It would be nice if the ""cut track"" was colored black so you could see it better through the paper as the measurement lines on the actual unite.

2) The orange cutting unite pops out fairly easily when not being used.

Over all this is a great product and does a wonderful job cutting paper.

Happy Customer."
"Nice unit, very easy to use and change blades.  Gives a great clean cut and it very to see what and where you are cutting, a fantastic time saver"
"First, the rail that holds and guides the cutter has a small amount of play in it, so it is risky to depend on if you want/need an absolutely precise cut.  Second, the blade is just a tiny thing that should dull fairly rapidly, since it does all the cutting on one point.  The circular blades on other brands cut all around the circumference of the blade, so seem to last some multiple of pi longer.  It will work for some of my projects, but for some, I will go upstairs and use the ""good one"".  I wouldn't buy it again."
"Cuts great! I actually bought this mostly for cutting sandpaper for my finishing sander and it works great. I didn't think it'd last long using it with sandpaper, but after 3 months or so it's holding up great!"
"I have had another item like this product for the last ten years until one day it decided to go off track. I was happy with the prospect of this Fiskars as a replacement. I tried desperately to see if I could find another without the silly flower decorations. I couldn't quite realize why they would add this detail until I noticed the name of the item ""Portable Scrapbooking Trimmer."" Scrapbooking gear tends to have quaint like motifs embellishing them.  I can be happy at least the flowers are not pink but I still feel the need to apologize for its girly surface decoration whenever I have it out around others. My friend was amazed when she saw me using it and asked ""What is that? Where did you get it? Do they have ones without flowers on it?""
Despite its appearance it works even better than my old one. It slides through thicker paper and barely ever ""munches"" lighter paper. I especially like the addition of the measurement arm that swings out from underneath. The flat surface to lay your paper on it large enough to stabilize, measure and cut all sorts of sizes. I use this in my design work when cutting down images and text to go into sketchbooks. I love how portable and light this trimmer is. It is so easy to use I have used it on my entire bus commute to college.
There are a couple flaws and sadly they both have to do with the blade of the trimmer. There is a slot at one end that will allow the blade cartridge to be removed for replacement. The blade will sometimes fall out of the slot unexpectedly and then repeatedly, annoyingly. One such time the tiny blade sliced through my finger, resulting in a bloody mess.
If only they could fix this design flaw along with the silly flowers this little guillotine would be best imaginable."
We use this to cut shipping labels. It works great and is compact. We are really happy with this light weight small solution.
I recently bought this for some small paper projects I had - previously I had used scissors to cut everything and then found this -it is relatively small and lightweight and works great.  Highly recommend
"Small in size, but a well thought out and executed design.  Will work for most things even if you are not a scrap booker.  I work of my home.  I am a consulting chemist and a writer and use this to take paper that I have printed on and turn it into scratch paper.  It even comes with a spare blade and the small size easily fits in a desk drawer."
"This is great for cheap crafting. My edges aren't always perfect, but that might be more my fault than the trimmer. Works well for what I need."
i am satisfied with this cute cutting device however one little suggestion is that it should be accompanied with not only the blades for cutting but one that will score the cardstock...other than that it cuts just fine
"I purchased these for some hand-embellished invitations. We used these to cut a heavy metallic paper to use as envelope liners, and also to cut the matching cardstock as a backing on some inexpensive printed invitations. Overall the product looks great and the trimmer works very well. I particularly like the fold-in/fold-out ruler that allows you to precisely measure and cut wider pieces of paper, but that it doesn't increase the size of the trimmer.

The only reason this doesn't get 5 stars is that it does sometimes leave fuzz on the edges (not always, though not surprisingly, it has this problem with very narrow cuts) and there were some noticeably rounded corners. I would guess the latter ""tail"" is created by a change in cutting pressure near the end of the paper. Arguably, this is due to user error (as are the fuzzy edges) but I would want a perfect 5* device to make it (more) difficult for me to make these mistakes. But overall, the edges look clean and crisp, so a good product. No regrets about this purchase at all."
Cool product. It worked perfect for us. I would buy it if i were you for sure. Thanks again guys.
"It's a good thing it comes with an extra blade, so I will be able to replace the one I will eventually lose since it just falls out of the cutter. Look at it and it will fall out. Sneeze. Use or not, it will fall out. I like the flip out ruler which helps a bit with greater accuracy. I like the fact the bar lifts up to clean out the little slivers that accumulate. Very nice portable trimmer.

I wonder if it is designed to fall out.  Oddly, I have difficulty getting it back in each time! But I do.

Very handy for small amounts of paper or card stock and quite portable (except you need to tape the cutter blade to it, or carry it separately somehow, and not get cut!

I gave it 4 stars, because I doubt the alternatives are as good at cutting. At least not the similar ones I have looked at in stores, that cost more."
I use this exclusively to cut pictures into tiny squares for a scrapbook. The blade is sharp and precise. I'm able to have very thin trims to get pictures cut to a precise size. Highly recommended if you plan on cutting pictures.
"One of the best scrapbook paper trimmer's I've used.
So good I bought a second - one for home and one to keep in my classroom."
It's meant to cut in a straight line.  It does.  The guide line is pretty damn accurate.  What else is there to say?
"This trimmer is easy to use, cuts the paper without much hassle or tearing. It is 12 inch, but I found that it is best to use paper that is slightly shorter than 12"".
I really should've bought this years ago since I cut paper often, and with the ease of this contraption, it is a real time saver"
I love the swing out arm that allows this compact cutter to be used with 12x12 sheets of paper and cardstock.
"This is the perfect tool for everyday. It's small so it's easy to store, but does a great job, and
it's exactly what I was looking for. Great price too."
"When I ordered it, I wasn't sure what to expect even though the reviews on this product was already positive. I am really satisfied with the product I received. It's very easy to use and handy in my art projects.

I am not sure how long I can use it before I need to change the trimmer blade but for the time being, I love it and I would recommend it."
"I use a paper cutter at work and I still can't cut a straight line. This little trimmer is easy, efficient and reasonably priced. I use it for my art work and it's great! I highly recommend it."
This item is truly a life saver for the different projects I have to do for my church.  The razor is very sharp and cuts through my papers fast and smooth.  I appreciate that it even comes with a replacement blade which is very easy to install.
"I used to have a similar trimmer, but somehow it never was returned by my granddaughter.  The new improved style is better than before!"
best thing I ever have in my classroom. no need ta go find one when I need it because its there. perfect size to put anywhere.
"I wish I had bought this several years ago. It's great. Clean straight cuts every time. If you work with scrapbook paper, you need this."
"I like that it's small, but that means that you need to use the extension arm to cut larger pieces of paper. Getting the correct measurement is just awkward. eh. it's fine."
"I was a little concerned about the size of the cutter but it works great.  The cut is sharp and even, the unit remains still and it easy to store.  Highly recommend."
Nice tool to have to trim paper in a jiffy. It cuts the paper nicely and precisely. I would recommend this item again.
"I don't know why I didn't ""invest"" in this trimmer sooner! I have been using the Marvy Uchida trimming buddy that I found locally for $14 on sale. It's worked great, but doesn't cut paper like this Fiskars. In regards to size, they are about the same height and width. The fiskars is less bulky and easier to put away in my file box. The Marvy's blade is tall and cumbersome when trying to stash.

Comparison:

The Marvy blade is concealed and only exposed when pushing down to trim paper.
Fiskars uses a pointed tip blade that has no cover and the entire blade piece (including handle) easily pops off of the cutter. Be careful when storing.

I found the Fiskars easier to use. You can easily see where you're cutting. The Marvy blade unit is bulky and although you can line up the edge to guide the blade, the Fiskars is just easier to see.

When cutting with Marvy, if you have to really push down on the blade, there is a tendency to push on the guide arm as well leading to crooked cuts and expiration dates trimmed off of your coupons. Be careful.

With Fiskars, depending on how many sheets you're cutting, it requires less effort. I usually trim no more than 7 sheets of regular 20lb copy paper. I haven't had a need to trim anything heavier.

Marvy is just a smidge bit bulkier and heavier than the Fiskars.

Maintenance wise, the fiskars replacement blades are cheaper than marvy. I've had a hard time finding Straight Marvy replacement blades (which led me to buying this cutter).

Now that I have both, I prefer the Fiskars and marvy is now my backup.

Please store your cutters away from childrens reach. The Marvy's blade is concealed and does not come off of the cutter without a hard turn. The Fiskars blade is not concealed and can pop off easily. Either way, it's always better to be safe than sorry.

Hope this review helps you!"
Replaced an Xacto medium duty cutter. This model has a variable depth cutting edge but the depth of the cutting blade is such that you limited in the number of pages that you can cut at any one time. The centerline of the cut can be hard to see for old eyes
"I bought this to cut card stock paper. That shouldn't be so difficult. But the cutting mechanism is a blade that slides along and pushes the paper into a groove in the plastic. That means that as I cut, my paper gets folded a little at the ends. I'm using a paper cutter to get straight lines and nice cuts. It sucks that this can't do that effectively.

On top of that, the part used to make measurements (the grey part with flowers in the picture) is a sticker that's stuck down on the plastic. It's still sticky around the edges (I guess where the sticker has shifted a little)! That meant that my paper got little sticky goo on it when I cut. And since it's a sticker that seems to have shifted around a bit, it's not even stuck on straight. So if you line your paper up on one side, 0.5 inches is different than if you line it up on the other side.

But it is very compact and didn't cost very much. I still think I'd pay a few extra bucks and re-arrange my craft drawers to make more room and get a slightly nicer cutter in the future."
I bought this to cut down invitations for my wedding and other things that I design. It's great for a semi-thick card stock (100lb cover) and I can usually cut 2 pieces at a time if i press firmly and slowly. It's a bit tricky at first to know where the blade actually cuts but once you figure that out it's really easy to use. Definitely recommend this! And it comes with an extra blade!
I purchased this trimmer as I was making my own invitations and other projects. I had to cut 100 sheets of thick card stock. It cut straight and I could cut two pieces of the card stock paper at a time. The cuts were clean. It's easy to use and stores away nicely due to its compact size. It works better and cuts much more accurately than my clunky expensive paper cutter at work.
"This is a five-star product except the actual cut line (where the blade channel is) should be marked in a contrasting color.  Yes, I know that you can use the other markers when lining up the cut, but sometimes you just want to line up the paper quickly next to a marker.  I solved the problem myself with a permanent marker, but would have preferred it to be a part of the original product.

On the other hand, a very light weight usable product."
But really I use it to make materials for my clients. I am an SLP and you really just can't survive without this. Nice straight cuts are perfect and it can cut through a couple sheets and even laminated sheets.
"I love this item! First of all this isn't your typical paper cutter that you raise the arm and pull it down to slice the paper. Which is one of the reasons I love it! I have purchased the Fiskars arm type cutter twice now and both times the blade chipped and it was unable to be used.

By the way, This one came with an extra blade too! I love that you can line up the paper and cut where exactly you need too. I have used it with 110 card stock and Ive also used it to cut out adhesive labels. At present I have easily cut about 100 cards out of card stock and as many labels and its still going strong and I haven't used the new blade yet!"
"I use this thing weekly, especially for shipping (usps click n' ship anyone?).

Its small, compact and affordable and is perfect for my minimal single to 3 page needs. If you need a workhorse - this is not for you.

Ive been using it for about three months now and I'm still on the first blade."
"I am very please with this paper trimmer. I use it for craft projects, and my daughter-in law uses it to create teaching materials for her students. We have limited space, so this trimmer is perfect for us."
Very nice trimmer! I love it and it works great for scrapbooking and making cards! Easy to use and put together.
"I guess it's my own fault. In the short description it stated that it had an aluminum top so I thought it would be sturdy. When I received it,and saw that it was to flimsy to cut hardly anything and was all plastic, I went back to the full description and saw that the aluminum top was aluminum veneer. A sticker that covered the top of the trimmer. The cutting blade is a piece of very flimsy plastic that you have to hold just right to even get it to close along the cutting edge. You're lucky to get it to cut anything. I have no use for it. I threw it in the closet. Maybe when my grandchildren come over they can play with it. I definitely don't have to worry about them getting cut by it. But it was cheap. If you don't want to spend much money and don't care if it cuts or not this is just what you need."
"This paper trimmer is good for my use, which is to cut a few sheets of contact slips at a time for my ebay business. I have a custom sheet with my logo and contact info on it, so I need to make sure the cuts are appropriately spaced and not cutting through the text (there are eight slips per sheet). This does a great job for that; I cut 3-4 sheets at a time but you could probably add a couple more if you needed to. If you need something heavier duty, I wouldn't buy this as it is mostly plastic, but it would be great for crafting or light office use."
"I'm a scrapbooker and this Fiskars paper trimmer has made my projects a breeze.

 I love the larger size of this trimmer. I work with large scrapbooking sheets a lot, and they fit perfectly in this trimmer. I can cut them to any size I need -- with a nice clean cut.

If you like to create your own cards for special occasions, this trimmer cuts through cardstock with ease. This is such a fun project. You can use stamp kits, gel pens for lettering, and just embellish to your hearts content. I make them often. The recipient is always pleased to recieve a handmade card personalized just for them, and this trimmer makes it so easy.

The cutting guard is clear so you can see exactly where you're cutting, and the rubber feet keep it stable on any surface. There's a handy swing arm measuring aide. Lightweight and portable as well.

And frankly... I love the cute flower design! Highly recommend for scrapbookers and  paper crafters alike."
"Clean cuts and easy to use.  The blade cutter only came off once.  But it does what I need it to go, cut paper."
"I love having my very own paper cutter!  It folds up and is easily stored so you can bring it out quickly for even just one cut.  I also love how it came with an extra blade....very nice!!  I told my daughter about it, she bought one and loves it too!"
"I purchased the paper trimmer to use in cutting bags for my food saver vacuum sealer. I WORKS GREAT. We get a nice straight cut, and can measure exactly how large we want the bag to be. Maybe they should include this application as part of the marketing. lol"
"A really nice paper trimmer for lightweight work. It uses a small razor blade tip embedded in the orange slider. The transparent bar grips the paper nicely and allows you to see any markings you've made on it. The cutter pops out easily as well. At first, I thought that was a detractor, but then I realized that should the razor get stuck in heavyweight material or you forgot to slide it back before lining up your next sheet, you could just pop it out and reinsert in a clear area without having to remove your paper and line it up again. Also great if you need to cut a slit just in the middle or the edges of a sheet. It cuts through one sheet of paper like butter. Multiple sheets (even just three) are a struggle. Still, for the price, it's still a good purchase, and I've used it to my satisfaction numerous times since receiving the item."
"I use this mostly for crafts, so mostly for cutting paper. It has worked very well. I do wish that the markings on the extension ruler, had better markings for 1/4, 1/2, and 3/4. The blade pops out easily. All in all, it's a great little cutter."
"Purchased this for Trimming Photos, DVD covers, etc... My worries were the unit was not going to be able to handle professional use - at this point I have  trimmed several thousand Covers and hundreds of Photo's, mind you one at a time, I am using 50 to 75 lb stock so they are fairly thick and to this point it has been perfect. Attached to the base unit there is a clear plastic ruler that lifts up, you slide the Photo underneath it, aligning the top and bottom with a groove, then slide the orange blade piece down cutting the photo, then you lift up the plastic piece again - spin the photo to the other edge and run the orange blade piece back the opposite direction of what you just did - upwards or downwards.  The resulting trim is straight and precise, continuing this motion until all edges are trimmed. There is a limit to the thickness that you will be able to cut, the Orange cutting piece that you see in the picture, contains a small corner of a blade, I would imaging this is going to need replacing and procedures are included in the directions telling you the name of the replacement blade. I have not replaced the blade as of yet, and it comes with two of them of the shelf in the package. Item works great and for the total price delivered being less than the cost of having one ream of paper cut professionally you would be hard pressed to beat it economically.  For the small business owner ( meaning your own hard working self) this is one less problem you have to worry about."
"This is a decent lightweight trimmer which is mainly useful for cutting smaller bits of paper or lightweight card. I find it awkward for cutting anything much bigger than 8x10 inches, despite the fold-out guide, as it doesn't hold the paper firmly enough (and it can slip out of position and you get an uneven cut)."
Great for miscellaneous cutting at an engineers' workstation. No guidewire like I thought it had for showing the cut-line but after a couple of cuts you can easily measure the cut-line location from the grid underneath.
"This is exactly what I needed. It doesn't take up a lot of space, the cutter works great (I use it to trim photos). I would definitely recommend!"
This paper trimmer is so easy to use and thin enough to store on end between my desk and wall.
Works so well! I love it!  It cuts through card stock without a problem and is basically like going through butter on everything I've tried the past few months with it.
"I really like this, I do scrap booking  &  it is easy to use plus stays put on the surface you put it on"
I would have given it a 5 star rating if it had the guide wire down the center. It is a nice trimmer.
I bought this because of the fantastic reviews! I use it to cut coupons and inserts for my planner that I print. It cuts nicely and is the perfect size for my desk. I would highly recommend this! It even came with an extra blade!
"This paper cutter works well esp for 12x12.  It cuts well & I will def be using it often.  I do have to say that you have to make sure it is lined up perfectly or it will be a little crooked.  Other than that I have no complaints.  It might just be me needing to get used to it, but I really enjoy it.  It saves me so much time!"
"This cutter is flimsy plastic and the blade was easily dented and dulled. It can't handle very many pages at one time. It's OK for the price, but if you can afford something better, do!"
My wife uses this weekly to cut handouts for church. She loves it even more than the old worn X-Acto paper trimmer it replaced.
I love this little cutter. It is visually appealing and works great on at least 5 papers. Never tried more. Good for what I need.
"I needed a paper cutter to (usually) cut 8 1/2  x 11 paper into smaller sizes. This will handle at the most 2-3 sheets at a time. Also, when trying to cut the length in half there is no way to measure properly. I need 5.5 inches. This only goes to 4.75 inches. If you cutting small sizes, one at a time this may be ok, but not for bulk cutting. Next time I will spend more money."
this is my 1st time using this. it was so wonderful to use as a 1st timer...lol thank you so much for this wonderful buy. I must say I'm new to this scrapbooking and I'm getting the hang of it.
"It cuts straight, but isn't as well built as other Fiskar Trimmers I have had. The measurements are on a sticker-type paper pressed onto the board, not built in as others. Will see how long it lasts."
Good deal for the price :) Also compact so I don't have to spare a lot of space for it! The little blade likes to come out a lot but I am ok with it.
"The orange cutting blades keep sliding out easily. I have only used for a couple weeks. I love the extended measure bar to assist in cutting right on and dimensions are accurate.  However, I am glad I found my old cutter 10+ years, the blades stay in unit firmly. I wish I could find a cutter that combines both qualities in one"
"I've had several versions of these small paper trimmers for school projects and what not and so far this one is the best. I love the slide out ruler, the ease of changing blades, and the compactness that allows me to store it without feeling it's cluttering my area up. A must-have for paper crafters and offices alike."
I have an old Fiskars rotary paper trimmer that I love but can no longer find the blade housing for it. It required replacing the whole housing not just the blade. I should have purchased another rotary trimmer but didn't realize this thing would be so bad based on the rave reviews. This thing shreds every piece of paper after cutting a couple of sheets. It won't cut through anything thicker than regular paper. Forget using it for anything other than thin paper and good luck with it lasting longer than a few sheets. The blade constantly comes out of the slot when you bring it back to the beginning. What a pain! I'm throwing this thing away! What a waste of money!!!
I love this cutter. You don't need to be a scrapbooker to find these useful. I bought this one for cutting strips of paper for making beads. A must have for anyone who does crafts with kids.
Originally both this specifically for cutting coupons. Perfect size cutting board for coupon inserts. I love that the piece holding the blade opens up so you can slide the sheets in easily and use it as something to hold what you are cutting in place. Excellent value for the product especially since it comes with an additional blade.
I am using these frequently and find them very handy. I laminate bookmarks to advertise my business and use this to cut the bookmarks. We have also printed some of our own business cards on card stock and use this to cut the sheets into business card sizes.
"This Fiskars Portable Paper Trimmer works perfectly.  I use it for cutting cards, and it slices through them in good order."
"I was hesitant to buy a trimmer because of the differing comments made in the Review section of some of them.  However, this trimmer has done a great job for me.  I have used the trimmer for many paper items, and it has always worked well for me.  I do onlky trim one piece of paper at a time.

There is one thing that would make this trimmer even better.  Where the arm folds out, the measuring part along that edge does not truly show measurements between 5"" and 6"".  This was easily taken care of by using a black Sharpie to mark what I needed to know for the things I make that are between those measurements.

Even with that, I would buy this again."
I bought this for my mom as an early Christmas gift.  Mom had a stroke so she struggles with most paper trimmers.  This is a replacement to a very old and worn out trimmer.  The Fiskars trimmer is just what she needed in our home office.  Uses it everyday!
"We bought this for arts and crafts projects of our kids. I must say we truly love this product. We can get straight and consistent cuts with this cutter. We used this for paper, card stocks as well as thin card boards and everything cut perfectly. The stock blades are still working fine, so no complaints there. The markings on the cutter are clear and are very useful. The blades sometimes come off, so you need to be little careful with them. Overall I would recommend this product."
My savior. .This item helps me with my coupon clippings daily. It is easy to use and safe. Live it
"I needed just a basic paper cutter to cut cards, pictures, and paper crafts and this definitely did the trick! I had gotten a more expensive paper cutter from Office Max and it would NOT CUT STRAIGHT! This one is very straight and true. I love the measurement guidelines. I can cut a couple pieces of card stock at a time with no problem.

My only complaint is how easily the blade pops off sometimes, a minor inconvenience but still an inconvenience."
"I don't know what took me so long to buy this product.  For years I haven't been able to cut a straight line.  I keep it handy and use it all the time to cut paper for crafts, sheets of wrapping paper and various other paper products."
Typical Fiskars quality - a must have for all sewers and quilters.  Compact and easy to store - good value for the money
"I had a half page Fiskars paper cutter for years, but dropped it on a hard floor and the guide broke off.  So far, this one is working well for me."
"so far so good, I don't do a lot of crafting but so far when using this trimmer I have had good results, the blades are easy to replace and is very sharp"
This is an excellent paper trimmer.  I especially like it's measurement tool which is very helpful. It was perfect for trimming the handmade Christmas cards.
"Replaced a different brand cutter with this one and were not disappointed.  Works well and cuts through things with ease.  The swing out arm helps to position everything.  Lining items up is much easier than the other brand.  Clean cuts, good measurement lines, and an extra cutter with it make it an all-around winner."
Works for our purpose. We would recommend this product for those looking for a good price and for a quality product.
"cuts well and is a nice portable size
i like it
it comes with an extra blade too
it's sharp and cuts well
only works on single pgs though"
"While this does work depending on what you are cutting, I wouldn't purchase again. The blade is not very large or sharp and if the paper you are trying to cut is thin, it will tear it up. I tore many pages up while trying to cut them and so it defeated the purpose."
This is a handy little tool. The only downfall is the little orange piece falls off to easy but that is a minor set back. Other than that it works great.
"Pros:  +Cutting action is smooth
  +Cutting board is stable
  +Very portable

Cons:  -Track and blade mechanism is too loose, making paper alignment for straight cuts difficult.
  -Requires a little too much guess work to cut right on the lines."
Works like a charm!  Be careful trying to re-trim photos as this can cause the edge to be frayed.  Other than that it works great.
I'm not into making cards but do have a lot of paper projects that require cutting in straight lines. This works really well in making straight cuts with impeccably clean edges.
This is great.  This is the one you should buy.  It cuts very clean and the blade is easy to replace.  The ruler is easy to use and the plastic guide makes the cutting almost fool proof.  I buy card stock pages and then cut the card stock into business cards.  You can get 10 business cards out of one regular 8.5 inch by 11 inch page.  I use the business cards to write down all my internet username and passwords and then place all these into the clear plastic pages that hold 10 business cards.  If your kids are studying vocabulary words you can cut up the card stock into business card sized cards and use these for vocabulary words.  It is a lot cheaper buying cardstock than buying the business card pages.
"Used these guys to cut out paper and laminated paper. Thought the blades were going to be too small but they were great! So much better than the big metal ones that scraped when you cut, requires minimal effort. Definitely a great product."
"A simple little cutter for small projects! Worked great. Comes with a replacement blade and measurements on the base. It has a flimsy feel to it but like I said, it did the job."
Good to cut a dozen papers then trash it! My scissors do a better job than this cutter. Waste of money!
"Love this little paper trimmer. It is perfect for making hang tags for my handwovens and felted items. I just got it today, so I don't know how long I will continue to love it. But for now, I think it was well worth the money!"
"I bought this specifically because of all the positive reviews. Big mistake. This is a cheaply designed and manufactured product. The blade sits sloppily on the thin, plastic slide and wobbles back and forth. Unless you are very, very careful, your cuts will always be wavy.  As another reviewer said, I can do a better job with my scissors.  If I had a chance to do it over, would pass on this one."
"It is small enough to fit in tight spaces and does an excellent job in cutting labels.
Much better than my scissors and takes less time to do my job.
Will see how well it does over a period of time.  I like the fact that
it comes with an extra blade.  Wondering, as I opened the Portable Paper
Trimmer, when I saw the extra blade, if the one that comes with it will need to
be replaced in a short period of time??  Time will tell.  Will keep you posted."
This is a great product for the price point. I used it when putting together invitations and the only complaint I have is the little handle for moving the blade comes off easily.
I use this and admire its portability.  I believe the newer wider edition with a wire guide is a better tool.  For light weight and to haul to crops - this trimmer is very good.
"It gives a nice straight edge, easy to use, nice measurement feature that folds under for easy storage. I have not had it long but I really like it."
"I got this to slice cardstock for my wedding projects, and it worked pretty ok. The blade seemed to dull fairly quickly, although it is still sharp enough to cut normal paper. This is kind of a meh product, but the quality is really great. Just wish the blade were a bit bigger / more pronounced."
Just what I needed to cut paper for my copier that was too long. I can use the cut paper for my printer too.
"I puchased this trimmer because my mom had a slider trimmer for scrapbooking. So, I purchaced this soley on its cuteness alone. To my surprise it was not cheap plastic like my mother's which cost around the same as this one! It's sturdy, i say that, thinking if i sat on it that it would not break haha! Love the guided lines for your standard sized photos too. Great Product."
"I wanted to like this paper trimmer because a) several of my scrapbooking friends recommended it, b) it's so lightweight and handy to store, and c) everything Fiskars makes looks good. And I did like it until I tried to cut a color magazine page. Instead of cutting, it bunched up the paper. Not good! It did the same with two other pages before I gave up trying. I guess this model is good for some uses, but for the rest I'm going back to the old reliable guillotine style of paper cutter."
Great value. The paper cutter is very light and even fits in my bookbag. My only complaint is that the swing out arm doesn't have a guard rail.
"I don't have a lot of space for my crafts, so I am impressed with how well it works and how little space it uses.
Very cleverly designed."
"If you want to cut paper, buy this product.
If you want to cut paper precisely, buy this product.
If you want to look at pretty floral designs whilst cutting paper, buy this product.
If you do not want to cut paper, precisely, while looking at a floral design, and hate America than do not buy this product. Otherwise, great paper trimmer."
"Love this for little projects around the house, plus small school efforts.  I'm not crafty, so it gets the job done for my small endeavors & 5th grade projects for sure!"
"It worked for what I needed making wedding invites and save the dates and whatnot. However, if you have a lot to do it will take awhile because you will not get a straight cut if you stack your paper in it."
"I needed a new trimmer for scrapbooking and cutting out coupons.  This works great, even better then my old Fiskars trimmer."
"I got this to cut 20 lbs printer paper and 80-100lbs card stock to make my own wedding welcome cards and to trim down thank you postcards to send to guests. For projects of this scale (relatively simple DIY projects), I think it works great. I did have a few mistakes with not cutting straight, but I'm sure that was due to my lack of experience using a paper cutter. This also comes with an additional blade, but I was able to cut 150+ welcome cards and 50+ postcards and the blade still does not need to be replaced.  For this price and for what I was using it for, it's an overall great buy."
"Moved into a condo with limited space from our long term home .. was tired of going to Kinko's to use their paper cutter!  Ordered this small portable paper cutter to cut heavy 110# card stock .. was delivered this morning with my FANTASTIC Amazon Prime Shipping (one of the best investments I've ever made for $79 .. along with the 3% to 1% discount I get with the Chase Visa on every Amazon purchase I make!  I had a hard time finding this particular Visa so am going to give the link  (&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/www-amazon-com-feature-html-docId-1000796661-TARGET/dp/B007URFTYI/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">www amazon com feature html docId 1000796661 TARGET</a>&nbsp;).

I then used the Fiskars paper cutter to cut about 100 sheets of this really heavy 110# card stock .. WONDERFUL!  I am SO delighted .. wish I done this a long time ago!  I bought this particular cutter because I've always had good luck with Fiskars scissors  .. there were so many paper cutter choices .. so I really purchased based on brand name .. LUCKY!  Great choice .. really happy with purchase .. again .. wish I'd done it a long time ago .. have been doing SO many jobs (kinda crooked at times!) by hand rather than making a trip to Kinko's to use theirs!

UPDATE:  I decided to purchase an xtra blade before a ""model change"" or whatever .. hate it when I am pleased with a product and then all of a sudden can't get a part!  After reading some confusion re which one to order .. I finally went to the Fiskar website and found it:&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/B000OMZW16/dp/B000OMZW16/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">B000OMZW16</a>&nbsp;.  The:  Triple 196870-1001 Track Refill Blade For No. 9893  by Fiskars.  Hope this saves someone else some time!"
This trimmer is compact and works very well.  The blade needs some attention to ensure you don't pop it out if you're trying to do a lot of precise cutting quickly and it may fall out while transporting if you're not mindful.
"Love it, this item is very clean cut and easy to use. I would purchase another if I needed one"
I did a lot of research on paper trimmers before I ordered.  have used it quite a bit.  pleased with my purchase.
"I'm new to scrapbooking and I thought this paper trimmer would be perfect for my needs.  I just tried to cut some cardstock paper and it only scored it. I used the cutting blade that it came with, not a scoring blade.  The blade wouldn't cut all the way through, and I tried to go over the scoreline a few times and I finally gave up.  The paper was not that thick, I have thicker cardstock that I wanted to cut initially, but I thought it best to try the thinnest I had.  I primarily wanted this to cut thicker paper, but it doesn't perform the way I had hoped it would.  I wanted to see how much paper it could handle.

I then tried 1 sheet of laser printer paper and that cut beautifully, so I knew the blade was sharp.  This trimmer can handle up to 4 sheets of paper in my experience, but it frayed the edges pretty badly when I tried adding a 5th sheet of paper.

I'm going to try to return this and look for one that can handle more paper or sturdier paper.  If anyone has any recommendations that won't break the bank, please let me know.  Until then, I'll keep looking."
"Everything is working out good with this cutter, the blade is holding up, too. It got 4 stars because the alignment is a little off which is making my cuts off. I can just adjust the paper and get it straight. I think it was a good buy all in all."
Exactlu what I was looking for. I am using it to trim photos for scrapbooking and making cards. Works great
"Very satisfied with product, it help me the so many ways. I used it on crafts, projects, reports and even origami. This Paper Trimmer got the job done and made things much quicker and easier."
"Pros:
1) Cuts photos very fast and neatly.
2) Edges allow for accurate 90 degree edges
3) Portable and compact
4) Comes with extra blade

Cons:
1) Blade tends to detach during
2) Feels somewhat cheap
3) Design is very feminine"
I am a very crafty person and have been on the fence about buying one of these. I finally bought one because I was getting ready to make wedding invitations. This product has done so many cuts and I am still on the first blade!
This is not as sturdy as larger paper cutter. However it does the job for 99.9% of want I want to do. I save space and time with this.
"Well, this is like every other paper trimmer I had.......just safer, more accurate, stronger, yet compact. Fits in my file cabinet.
Nuff said.
Vic"
The real test of a paper trimmer is whether it can accurately trim off a sliver of paper from a photo that has been trimmed at not quite the right angle.  Most cutters with a scissor blade fail (unless they are extremely sharp) because they tend to fold the paper over.  The Fiskars uses a small blade that runs across the paper and cuts very accurately even in the test situation described above.  The blade is easily replaceable.
"I purchased this after reading so many positive reviews.  The first observation upon using was that by the end of the first week, I needed to change the blade.  Well, the blades don't seem to handle the cardstock (sold for scrapbooking) well.  They seem to get chewed up.  I have since replaced it with a rotary blade cutter and am hopeful the those blades will last longer.

I would not recommend this product."
I have used several cutters to trim photos from my printer and so far this one has worked the best.  You cannot do a lot of pictures at once but for one or two it works amazing.  It folds up to take up less space and it comes with an extra replacement blade.
"I bought this item, and I really like how it gives the measurements on it. The extended ruler is another thing I really like, but the cutter on it is horrible. I do not like it at all."
"Just what i needed for trimming those pesky edges of laminated pictures and recipe cards. Nice product will see how i holds up, but for now just what i needed for a non-commercial application."
"This is my first papper trimmer and boy, does it make life easier. I used to try cutting straight lines using scissors but it was always obvious. This trimmer is super easy to use and lining up the paper for the exact cut you want is super easy. I only cut one sheet at a time though, so I don't know how well it works with multiple sheets. But for what I need it for it works perfectly."
For the price it appears to preform a decent job.  Don't try for too many pieces for cutting at one time.
"There are only three issues that I can thing of regarding this Portable Paper Trimmer.

1) Unless you're cutting very thin paper, you should only consider using this to cut one page at a time. If you're cutting two or more pages, your cuts are not likely to be accurate.

2) If you slide the cutting blade all the way to the left and then turn the paper trimmer up-side-down, the blade can easily fall out. On the other hand, removing the old blade and installing the included spare blade is a breeze.

3) My only real issue is that if you're trying to trim off a very small amount of paper (around an eighth of an inch) the leading edge for the paper (that is the far side of that eighth of an inch of paper) gets hung up grid-patterned sticker that is on the far side of the blade. I use this paper trimmer almost exclusively for trimming art work for DVD case covers, which entails trimming two narrow strips for every cover.
If you look at the blown-up picture of the item, the offending sticker is visible through the transparent blade guide. It dawned on me that I could peel the sticker off. Problem solved."
"Been using this for almost a year and I only  recently had to buy blade changes. And I use this all the time for cutting anything from card stock to pictures to crafty paper. Now one must be reasonable as to how many papers it can cut. Turn over the paper cutter and there is a tiny blade. If your card stock is thicker than the blade, it won't cut it!
As far as measuring accuracy I have  found it extremely accurate. If you are looking for something scientifically accurate to the 100th of  a millimeter get real, this will not work. And this is not meant to cut 20 pages at a time. If you cut in bulk get a true bulk paper cutter. This is an easy no brainer product. I hope this helps out balance the negative reviews!"
"Works great for coupon cutting and fulfills my insatiable need for uniformity in doing so.

Pros: Comes with extra cutting head. Small Size.

Cons: Doesn't have any lasers."
"Very satisfied with Fiskars paper trimmer.  Only been using it for about a month; light use only, but it does fine with up to 7 pages of 24 wt. paper.  Makes straight cuts.  No wire on this one; cutter travels in slit in the vertical ruler.  Fold out (horizontal) ruler works well, however my use was cutting an 8.5 X 11 inch paper in half on the long side, so I needed cuts of exactly 5.5, and that wasn't easy to see marked on the ruler.  Once I figured it out, it was great!  I had considered a rotary cutter, but choose this one because I thought it would be easier to see just where to cut.  No  For example, when you want to trim a little off, not necessarily using the ruler.  Can't beat the price.  Compact and easy to store when not in use."
I love Fiskars products and this one is a winner too!  It cuts through paper perfectly and even very heavy card stock!  I'm thrilled with it!  Thanks Fiskars and Amazon!  Highly recommend!
"I so badly wanted to like this item because I really needed one. Well, as soon as it was delivered I tried it out. I used a single sheet of cardstock and it would not cut clean lines. Yes, this thing does cut your paper, but it leaves the edges looking hairy. That's what I call it when the paper doesn't get cut right. I tried another sheet (by itself) and it would NOT cut. Finally, I tried pushing down on the blade really hard to see if that would make a difference (silly me), but it didn't do anything so I had to send it back. I grew skeptical and was fearful that I would have to spend a good chunk of money on a paper trimmer.

I did eventually purchase another paper trimmer and I am so totally in love with it. It's my Westcott titanium bonded paper trimmer.  It was very inexpensive, I'd say about the same price as this maybe a little less and it cuts my paper perfectly. I was even confident enough to use it on some pictures :)  I didn't buy it on Amazon because I was just at the store and decided to give the Westcott a try. Anyway, don't buy this Fiskars paper trimmer. It's horrible, but I must admit that Amazon was amazing enough to give me a full refund very quickly when I sent it back!"
"Inexpensive, good design, effective.  This is my second paper trimmer for scrap booking.  It has everything I need and replaces a cheaper brand that was used once and tossed due to its total uselessness and worthlessness."
"I needed a cutter to accurately cut out covers for a friends wedding dvds to send out to the people who had attended. I went with this over the cheaper options because of all the stellar reviews. Boy was I an idiot. This thing is a hunk of trash. The problem is, the cutter doesn't cut, so much as it tears. You would get the same results mashing the blade of a boxcutter on a slice of paper and sliding it up and down. That is essentially all you are doing with this product. Even when you do manage to get this thing to work right, there is no mechanism to hold what you are cutting in place, so you end up with slightly off cuts or finger-print smeared ink. So unless you want to waste $30 and another $50 in ink the way I did, aviod this at all costs! All in all I'd say this was the most worthless product I've ever bought. $30 for this? I'd be surprised if it cost more than 50 cents to make. If I could give this garbage negative stars, I would."
Even comes with an extra blade. Easy to use. Can't go wrong if you buy this trimmer. I highly recommend it.
"I have been on organizing kick lately, and this was the latest addition to my arsenal. I've been making and laminating signs with the laminator I got through an amazon lightning deal:&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Scotch-Thermal-Laminator-2-Roller-System-TL901/dp/B0010JEJPC/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Scotch Thermal Laminator 2 Roller System (TL901)</a>

I wanted to ensure I had perfectly straight edges, so I picked up this trimmer. It does exactly what I need it to - makes straight, clean cuts. It cuts through paper and lamination just fine. I like that the blade is easily replaceable, should it become dull."
"I used this trimmer to cut cardstock for my diy wedding invitations. It's very light which cuts down on shipping cost for me. It's also very easy to work with. The rubber feet keeps it from moving around while cutting and the extended arm is great for cutting larger size paper. For me,  the blade cut at least 40 pieces of cardstock on multiple sides before getting dull so it was good that the trimmer came with a replacement blade. This is a great purchase for someone whose into craft but you should definitely buy extra replacement blades if you intend to cut a lot of paper. Great purchase!!!"
Easy to use. Easy to find replacement blades. Good price for the product.  I like it because it is very portable.
"The Trimmer was bought for a Christmas Gift and the price, shipping and price was very pleasing. This was a great way to buy this trimmer."
"this cutter was not as good as i hoped, it does work, however  so far ive only gotten it to cut 2-3  pieces of paper all the way through at a time, i use for cropping  product instructions for items i sell , i needed it to cut more at once in order to save me time, product is light weight has 2 orange blades you slide across to slice sheets.. not as good as i hoped but it does okay, i guess you get what you pay for, ive only had it a week so not sure how long it will last so i cant say say.

UPDATE!
OK..i been using a little more and i got it to  cut more paper .. but sometimes it still don't get thu tem you gotta go back again.. just press down more firm.. still only 3 starts maybe 3.5 now :)"
"This is really a portable paper trimmer. However, I wish the blades did a better job of cutting at least 2 cardstock together."
"If you are about to buy a paper cutter just go for this one. I use it to cut up to 4 sheets of 24# paper at a time, one slice of the blade and they are all clean cut. My trimmer has been under VERY heavy use for over 6 months and all parts still look great. I've bought replacement blades maybe 4 times (that's 8 blades total) due to very heavy use and needing a very clean cut. The accuracy on this cutter is phenomenal, with precision down to 1/8."" I love the fact that the cutting guard is clear. It's really easy to use, cuts straight, and it does not shift around during use though it is lightweight. THE BEST PAPER CUTTER EVER.

Seriously, I have recently attempted to replace this trusty trimmer with a couple different more expensive rotary trimmers. I thought making the investment one of these trimmers might help me get more work done quicker. Well, I was wrong. This review comes after another FAIL by the 2nd rotary trimmer I've purchased within a few weeks. After these bad experiences with supposedly better trimmers I'm ready to purchase more replacement blades for this awesome little trimmer!!!

Do not be dazzled by the claims some trimmers out there are making, they suck. They have ""cutting mats"" which are just pieces of plastic you end up slicing into every time you make a cut, and dull the blades. And, on these other trimmers you have to press down really hard- and they don't always cut through! To be fair, there's tons of rotary trimmers out there and maybe, just maybe *cough* or not *cough* there is a good one. It just makes me realize how wonderful this trimmer is.

Update on 6/1/2013
It's still working perfectly after over a year now.

Update on 2/25/2015
I have had the same trimmer now for 3 years and it still works great. The only change is some spots on it where the lines and design are have rubbed off. However that's just due to the way I use it. And it still works for me after daily use for 3 years!!

These are the replacement blades:
<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Triple-196870-1001-Track-Refill-Blade-For-No-9893/dp/B000OMZW16/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Triple 196870-1001 Track Refill Blade For No. 9893</a>"
"I had so many pictures of fall folliage, sunrises, sunsets, clouds, flowers and the sort of photos that no one would look at again so I bought card stock and the trimmer and have made some lovely all-occassion cards.  It was worth the investment and Fiskar's usual quality."
"I make greeting cards and often need to cut paper to specific sizes for layering or piecing a design. This cutter does a wonderful job.

It does take a bit of getting used to, but once you figure precisely where it cuts in relation to the ""groove,"" it's a piece of cake to get perfect cuts every time. Someone else mentioned that theirs cuts near the right side of the groove; mine cuts on the *left* side, so you'll need to test it out a bit to find your own particular ""groove."" Also, I've found that I need to apply a bit of pressure as I'm cutting; nothing major, just a ""firmness"" as I draw the blade.

I, too, purchased extra blades, just to be on the safe side. I really like this cutter, and intend to use it for all my card projects. For the money, you're getting a high-quality cutter that should last a long time."
"I purchased this to trim pictures.  I was first going to give it a bad review as I first had a hard time cutting anything well.  It first did not cut enough then I cut too much.  I knew that it cut somewhere inside of the indentation and finally discovered that it cut on the very right side of the indentation so I would lay the picture so that the edge was near the right edge of the indentation.  To check where it cuts you can lay the cutter on top of the paper (don't push it down) and there is a line on the cutter piece that shows where it will cut.  Do this at the top and the bottom of the picture without pushing it down again. Once you have the top and the bottom at the edge of the picture then go above the top (or below the bottom) and push (or pull) the cutter across the picture...Walla..Very accurate and very good, although you may cut slightly inside the picture you will notice that it is so small that it does not affect the picture."
"cuts cleanly, the groove that guides the blade is better than the wire that some fiskars trimmers depend that can loosen. nice compact size, though the limited space for lining up larger sheets of paper makes it somewhat less than ideal for frequent use on larger papers.

the swing-out measuring bar is a bit tough to pull out if you snap it all the way in place for storage.  the blade, as others have noted, falls out easily (i.e. when yanking the pull-out extension out, which can send the blade flying).  comes with a spare blade, but there is no where to store it on the paper trimmer itself.  the matte finish surface looks like brushed metal but it is foil-covered cardboard glued onto the plastic base.

not sure why one would pay the price here with shipping, as it's often half-off at joann's fabric (with a regular price of twenty four bucks)."
"I wanted an inexpensive way of cutting paper neatly and easily!  This solution was perfect, and I highly recommend it!

To be on the safe side, I ordered extra blades too ( Since the price was so reasonable and I intend I using it every chance I get.)"
I frequently either cut an article from the paper or a few coupons from junk mail.  This product had dramatically improved both the speed and accuracy of my cutting efforts.  It's delightfully simple to use and certainly beats my limited scissors skills.
"Great little paper cutter. I love how compact it is, making it really easy to store. There is a little bit of wobble, but for basic card making, it does the job."
"Love the line markings on the front for easy, quick positioning of common sizes for cutting. Easy to carry around."
"This is so cool. It's so lightweight and very precise. I thought I was going to have to buy one of those heavy, bulky cutters, and was wondering where I was going to put it. I totally recommend this one!"
I recently bought this paper trimmer when looking to make my families Disney World Scarpbook.  The price is AMAZING for the quality of the product.  I really like the rubber feet on the bottom of the trimmer.  The blade is very sharp and cut clean edges on the pictures that I was working with. I have to admit that I really liked the pattern on the board of this trimmer too.
"I have been using this paper cutter for about three weeks and really like it so far. It cuts will, although the blade holder pops out sometimes when I am using the cutter and I have to put it back in the track (which is easy). I have always trusted the Fiskars brand and am happy with my purchase (it is an upgrade from the cheap cutter I was using)."
"Given the price, the paper cutter does a great job of cutting construction paper to photo paper ... even 2 or 3 sheets at a time.  The blade is sharp and after a few weeks its still working like new.

Caution:  the blade sticks out about 1/8"" so if you forget its there or get careless, it can easily cut you.  I discovered this the hard way on the first day.  Fortunately the kids witnessed the event so they don't mess with it w/o asking."
this is nice paper cutter for small amounts of paper. It is not meant for cutting multiple sheets at one time.  It does however have preset lines on it for cutting many standard cut items which is helpfull
"I have always suggested Fiskars to other scrapbookers and card makers - and this Paper Trimmer is another tool I can add to the must-have list!  This trimmer does exactly what the packaging states-it is accurate, lightweight, has a really nice extension arm that locks into place, and when the blade eventually wears out, the packaging has a replacement all set for you.  I really like the nice clean cuts the blade provides, and has a great marking system for viewing your cutting lines.  I also like the new design on the trimmer.  The rubberized feet do hold the trimmer in place so it does not slide around while cutting paper.  I even tried the blade using thin chipboard and it cut thru it with a nice clean cut on the chipboard.

My suggestion--if you need a new paper trimmer, go out and get this one - you will not be disappointed!"
"I have been a fan of Fiskars cutters from the day I started scrapbooking.  I already have a couple different styles of their cutters but couldn't resist getting this one because of how cute it is!  This cutter has all the features I've grown to love about my previous cutters...the swing arm for measuring, the gridlines to guide paper placement, the good quality blade that produces clean cuts every time and it's lightweight and portable.  You won't be disappointed with this cutter!  I do have to comment that the swing arm which holds the blade seems backwards to me on this one.  On the two Fiskars cutters that I already own the swing arm opens by lifting it to your right and this one opens by lifting it to your left.  This is going to take some getting used to on my part.  However, I did not dock for this on the review because my girlfriends who have other cutter brands say theirs open the same way this one does...so really it's just all what you've gotten used to.  I'm sure I'll be used to it in no time!"
Very good trimmer for scrapbooking and card making.  Works really well
"GREAT PRODUCT FOR PAPER CRAFTS! I use it to trim down paper for origami or scrap booking. Highly recommended, and comes with an extra blade."
must have craft item
I have used this style trimmer for a very long time.  Mine was purple before and had metal plates were the flowers are shown (the silver area).  This one I just got in is some kind of sticker instead of metal.  It is already peeling up around the edges.  Highly disappointed.  I ordered this one for work.  I was going to order a new one personally but it will NEVER hold up for the amount of personal use.  What did you do Fiskars to this product???
"the cutter falls off a lot and it's overall pretty flimsy. If you;re going to use a lot  and for professional use, maybe look for something a little sturdier."
Works great for paper beading.
works great and wife has not had no issues with it at all. cuts perfect every time..
"blade gets dull quickly, paper sometimes gets stuck in the gap"
Love this cutter.
slim and sleek. Great for home use
