"I saw this same product for about $25.  It was real easy to apply & made my worn out leather couch look new again.  It was the best $6 + I ever spent.  I had a large discoloration spot on one section (in addition to the little scratches everywhere else) that was covered completely with 1 coat.  The instructions said it may require up to 3 coats, and I have had to touch it up periodically since in a few spots, but all in all, it saved me $1,000 on a new couch.  This should last me at least another year."
"like everyone mentioned color is hard to mix but I can't complain.  I really like this touch up kit, I recommend this to others.  Can't beat the price and effect."
"When I bought this item, the only way I had any idea what to expect to recieve was by reading reviews submitted by others.  But, when I got the product, I was still surprised.  So, here's what it is....about six mini paint pots filled with different colors (bright blue, yellow, red, black, white..) of what looks like thick paint.  There is also an empty paint pot for you to mix the colors in until you get a color you think will match your product.  Then, you have to add ""a few drops of water"" to thin it out.  I felt like I was flying blind trying to use this product.  Fortunately, the item I was repairing was a very old chair and I didn't mind experimenting on it.  I ended up covering a much larger area than I had planned because I never did feel like I got the color just right.  So, tricky to use, but I have to say that I was pleased with the end product!!"
This product is easy to use and works great......after the repair you cant tell where the cut in the leather use to be....
"This is a great kit. One, you can repair a scuff, tear, rip etc. in clear. Then you can ""touch up"" or recolor the damaged area. The kit comes with black, brown, blue, green, red, white and yellow. You can also Color Match by intermixing  the colors. Easy to follow instructions, no additional tools or experience required.
Can be used on any leather or vinyl ( shoes, belts, jackets, furniture, luggage, auto interior...)"
"This stuff worked great for me.  I had several large discolored spots (acetone - don't ask) on a much beloved leather chair.  It was a different shade of brown and I was really afraid that it couldn't be matched.  I was on the verge of sending the chair off to an upholstery shop when I saw this product and thought ""what do I have to lose?""  The product was easy to use.  I did the matching like the instructions said and I couldn't be more pleased with the results.  You can't tell the white spots were there at all.  I highly recommend this product."
"I live in a motor home full time and my off-white leather furniture is in need of some repair.  There are no rips..but, from daily use, the color is coming off in the creases and especially on the arms of our chairs.  What can I do?"
I didn't know how it was going to work from the review but i just put this on my Brown leather chair works great it took some time to get the mix just right but it was well worth it. Mixing the paint/dye will always be Challenging with all the different colors of leather out there but with a little patiens it will work good so if you don't have some patiens this mite not be for you but i don't see any other way around mixing the colors to match because your furniture will fad over time  I will buy again
I have a leather couch that has a few small cat scratches.  Having to mix your own color was a much bigger hassle than I anticipated.  After a few failed attempts I ended up spending double on a leather touch up pen which was far easier to apply and had 36+ color selections so you could order exactly the color you need.  I think the touch up pens are the way to go.
"The first box contained the color containers -- and were all hard and dried out.  I contacted the seller and they sent replacements very fast, which contained good product.  It applied well and now the spot blends in with the couch.  Our kids put nail polish remover on the couch, so it removed all color.  But this product put a lasting color back in and is doesn't rub off or peel or flake."
"Not what I expected.  Didn't work too well on Pallasar leather seating.  Only had a small spot that was cleaned accidentally with a wet wipe and simply needed retouching.  Turned out, its not really liquid leather, but liquid vinyl."
Works great!!!!!
It was cheap paint. It came off less than a week later
It did pretty good. Dried  flat. Not shiny. It did cover worn streaks
NOT WHAT IT IS AS ADVERTISED.
Didn't work at all but amazon refunded my money.
Invisible? My back seat looks like Tammy Fay's face.  Disappointed.
"I bought this product for just small worn spot on my beige leather recliner, what a chore just to match the color. Also the brown paint looked old and crystallized. I went forward and tried to match, I thought I came close BUT, no way! The sponge applicator made it stand out so bad. I just quickly washed the paint off. I will live with the worn, lived in look, it's much better.
I threw the whole package in the garbage."
Awesome leather repair kit.  Color was perfect match
Works alright.
It was barely OK. Color didn't match.
work perfect
"save your time and money, IT DOES NOT WORK."
"Doesn't always match the color perfectly, but much better than anything else Iv'e tried."
Does not blend in well and it is hard when it dries. Waste of money.
Worked Great! Advise wearing gloves
"It was very hard to get the color to match.  We got it pretty close, but it wasn't exact.  You can tell if you look very closely that the color is off, but when you're looking from afar, it actually looks pretty darn good.  I would give it 3.5 stars overall, for value + results.  Hate the fact that I have to either pick 3 or 4 stars.  I don't think either is fitting."
"Color looks good but it is rough and bumpy looking.  If it was smoother like the rest of the leather, it would be perfect."
I had some bleached out spots on burgundy leather sectional and matched it without too much fuss. A good product!
Color seemed ok but end result was splotchy. No where near enough sealant!! Extra pieces in our without explanation?
impossible to match the right color
AMAZING! Worked great!
"The consistency of the touch-up colors varies. There is no notation on a thinning agent. I now believe it is water based, but found that out by cleaning the brush and sponge. I wish that I had experimented more, after drying the dullness was not improved by the finish provided.  Lack luster, but with nearly right color resulted. My leather is tri-toned, so I knew it was a difficult task.

Try this product, but remember to thin the colors, if necessary, with a drop of water . Wish that I had."
Good price for what you get. And I was able to fix the discolor on my leather chair. Took a little doing but it worked.
"Surprisingly good. Since the area that we needed to repair was hundreds of small flaking spots, I tried to touch each of them and I could see that the build-up doing it this way was not going to work and wiped it off.  We decided that we would replace the chair if it didn't work and so I had nothing to lose. I decide to take an artist's brush and apply the thinned color over the whole area three times like the instructions recommend.  I don't know if I just got lucky with the color or if it is forgiving, but we can't tell where the repair ends.  We wiped on the sealer the next day and the repair can't be seen.  If it lasts, this is a great product!"
"Made my second-hand couch look almost like new. The spot where I put this on is a little darker and bluer than the original leather but you really can't tell unless you're looking right at it, and anyway that's my fault for not spending more time mixing to the correct color. Easy to use, looks great."
Okay but the contents looked like it was very old. Wish you got more vinyl goop
AWESOME!!!!! Does the job great! MY COUCH LOOKS NEW AGAIN!!!! Thanks!
Solved the problem.. coming up with exact shade is a challenge but once you have the right combination .. it blends well and makes the couch look like new
Works great. Covered the  scratches as described.
"Wonderful product and perfect match. I just wish it came with more brown and black. I used it all on a small section of my couch. I have posted some before, just applied and after pictures. I'm very pleased with the result."
very good kit
Didn't work according to the instructions or how I applied it.
"Needed to match my off white recliner to touch up a spot. Matching your item is ridiculously complicated, and a crapshoot at best. I was mixing, various colors, trying to get the right shade as per directions. Mixing 3-4 colors, finally arrived at a color that was close enough after about an hour of trying. Well by then, there was not enough product left to cover the spot. I guess it would work if you needed straight white, black, or other basic colors. Waste of money for me."
Did not work! Washed right off!!
"this came with the color touch up pods all dried up
had to throw away"
"This works amazing! I purchased a very expensive extended warranty for my leather furniture and was told it would cover scratches, stains. I had an ink spot on chair and wiped it off with leather safe cleaner that claimed it would take ink out. It took the color out of the leather. I filed a claim and it was denied because they don't cover stains! I bought this knowing I probably couldn't hurt it any worse. It worked great!! Mixed colors and applied as directed and I couldn't be happier!  Save yourself $399.99 and NEVER buy extended warranty, buy this instead!"
It doesn't work at all. Don't waist your money!
I had some areas on our leather sofa where the color had wore off. With a quick mix of two colors I got a perfect match and you can't even tell where the worn spots were. Great product!
"The product works exactly as described, come in a series of small bottles with basic colors that must be combined according to the desired color. I recommend that you take a picture of the leather and use the application recommended by the manufacturer"
"This kit kinda works and is cheap, but I've found other kits where the dye dries to a gloss instead of needing to add that as a last step. Besides saving a step, that ends up blending in better for my skill level (I,e. For someone unskilled at leather repair)."
Did not work. I was so confused on what to mix and it was so runny  it didn't stick on the sofas and the color was way off.
"This product is amazing! Our chair was torn up from our son's cast. It had rips and snags and then parts began peeling off of it. The product filled in the gaps and covered the snags. You can't tell it was ripped. From afar the chair looks perfect....close up it looks repaired, but it is keepable now. I am so glad I found this!"
EASY TO MATCH UP FILLS CRACKS ON VINYL AND LEATHER
Works as designed.
Rubs off very easily.
The kids ripped a small hole in our brand new ottoman and this did just the trick to fix it! Better than I expected.
"Worked well for the small areas I needed to cover. Once tried, it blended well into our brown leather ottoman. So far, no problems"
We had a huge bleach stain on our leather coach and with this product you can't even tell it was ever there.
Don't waste your money
"While it's not a perfect fix, I am beyond thrilled with how it turned out. We bought theater recliners on craigslist for dirt cheap because the pleather like material had started cracking, peeling and missing is some places, so much so that the foam was showing. I wish I would have taken a before pic. I'm not sure this is a forever fix, but it does look much better. It's up in our bonus room for kids, so it doesn't bother me that it's not perfect. It is a small kit. So, if you have a large area to cover, like I did, order 2 kits."
"exactly as advertised, fast shipping,"
"It works, you just need to experiment to get the right color scheme. You have to mix the colors up so you need a lot of patience."
Awesome product! Definitely for a very small year though.
"Looks pretty
Good when it's first applied and for about a week and then it comes off. Would not recommend."
Works great
"Works well, but it's difficult to get an exact match for the color.  My car seat still looks better than before, but the flaw is still visable since the color is slightly off."
This worked great! Could not be happier!
"I have a pair of boots that I couldn't bare to part with, even though the front of them was incredibly scuffed up. The touch-up kit worked really well, but it took me FOREVER to mix a color that matched my camel boots. Maybe it was just an odd hue on my shoe, but I haven't done any others to really compare. If the object you want to repair is a pretty standard color, I highly recommend this. If it's a bit of a mix...just be ready to put your art skills to the test!"
Absolutely loved it. It works beautifully and covers the leather just the way I hoped it would. Great product!
It didn't look as good as I hoped it would but it did repair it.
"I ordered 2 of these kits, since I had a rather large spot on my brown leather couch. The product was promising, since it included a link to a color matching website that worked very well. I mixed the proper colors and applied with the sponge as directed. The leather definitely looked better than before, and matched the original color. And it had only taken one kit as well. I let this dry for a day, and then tried to apply the clear finish

When I opened the container marked ""Clear Finish"", there was perhaps a milliliter or two of clear liquid - nowhere near enough to cover the area I'd dyed. I tried the second kit, which had a bit more finish, but it also was inadequate. Overall, I'm disappointed."
Should get 0 stars.  Directions not clear and when I clicked on the link they sent it was nothing but computer symbols.  Total waste of money.
It's a great product. Just what a needed...I have cats and they scratched my sofa....perfect for fixing their mess! Love it!
"I was so excited to try the product to try to fix a few blemishes on a black and white synthetic leather purse.
The kit comes with: vinyl adhesive, 6 fill colours, sponge, brush, spatula, fabric backing, and then grain release papers and a piece of grey vinyl.
I liked the inclusion of the grain release papers, thinking I could match the grain of my purse. Unfortunately, there were no directions as to how or when in the process to use them. I have no idea why the grey vinyl was included.

I went ahead and followed the instructions that were included. If your repair requires the adhesive, as part of mine did, it dries too hard. So while the rest of your item is flexible the repaired area will be hard. The colours alone seemed better, if repairs are minor. I was able to use the white with moderate success, although I had to guess as to when to try to use the grain release paper. I figured if the color was too dry, it wouldn't work at all, so I tried to use it when the color was dry to the touch, but not fully dry. It didn't work at all, and in some areas it pulled the color off of the repair, so i had to retouch up. Not what I had hoped, but, it looked slightly better.
However, when it came time to use the black color, it was a distaster. The black seemed oilier and didn't clean off of the brush well at all. After waiting 24 hours, I understood why. The black had not dried at all, and was just a sticky, oily coat of black sitting on the repair area. I waited another 24 hours, and it was still as wet as the previous day, whereas the white had dried fairly quickly. I didn't apply any more than I had with the white.
Utterly frustrated, I tried to cover it with the clear coat, despite it not being dry. That helped a little, but the repair area looks awful.

Maybe I just got a bad batch of black, but I simply can't recommend this product. Save your time and money."
Great product
"Very satisfied with product, service & price."
Works great at first but after a while it looks horrible and even damages my sofa! Better off without it.
"I've purchased several of these kits over the years. They always work for me for small repairs but the end result depends on your skill to mix the product to match the existing color. The chart will not give you every color variation - not even close. It's just a starting guide. For example, to match my merlot/espresso dark brown bar seat, I needed black, bown and a little purple (red + blue). Only problem is that repairs may be slightly glossier than your original vinyl. Again, getting the right color and texture can happen with testing and practice, but sheen match is tougher. Note, the more you work the paint, the less shiny it will be. They do provide a gloss sealer in this kit which I never had in other kits. This does help give your repair more luster if needed.

Tip: if you have a rip or tear in something with cushioning underneath, if you can get a little piece of batting or cotton under the vinyl before gluing, it will help immensley. When you repair even a 1/8 inch tear, it can appear concave once you glue and color patch. No amount of patch color will make it appear even with the surface. Believe me, I've tried to build up several coats over several days yet one of my seat repairs still looks indented."
"It took a bit to get the right color match, but in the end, the repair looked good."
Was attempting to repair white leatherette kitchen chair  with this. The white was too bright even tho my chairs are true white and did not blend well. Looked like a mess and made it worse. White out liquid paper would've worked better than this. Maybe for other color leather but NOT white.
"I actually bought this to repair my shoes. I tore the leather wrapped high heels of a brand-new pair of leather pumps. This product worked great, I smoothed it over the damaged area, and you can't tell at all. I've since used it to touch up other high heels with success."
It was easy to mix the color and match exactly to my furniture which had scuffs on the seams. The clear coat applied on top gave a little sheen that matched the leather.
It took some mixing to get the color I needed but this recolored the problem area looks great.
"What I got is not what's pictured. It was the pieces in a zip lock bag. I worry about how long it will hold up being that it wasn't factory sealed, or at least not well."
Tried to touch up taupe leather. Turned it pink. ): Threw it away.
"paraphrasing our leader ""Who would have ever thought that color matching would be so complicated!"".  I do think the product will eventually work well.  The Colormatchguide website is very useful to get the approximate color mix using a photo.  The last art class I had was about 50 years ago so my ability to remember color wheel function is very dim. adding small quantities of other colors to get a good match is tricky.  I am practicing on my daughter's very old Volvo before I tackle my wife's newer car.  Both have the same issue of sun fade and wear on driver seat shoulder area.  I am getting closer but not there yet."
I used this to touch up my handbag. It works great for small areas like the edges but not ideal for large surface areas. It dries into a vinyl-like consistency. I tried it on the front of my handbag and hated the look. Luckily I was able to rub/peel it off after dousing the area with leather conditioner
"Many colors options, that is good but hard to use if you don't know how to match color"
Not worth buying  this product
The black was gummy and almost dried up.
Hard to match the color but seems to be working
Takes a little time to figure out.  But it is worth the effort.  Our couch is like new!
Not as expected
contains all the tools to make minor repairs to faux leather furniture.
"Not at all like photo on the web. Came in a non describe box with all the components in it.
Not a quality product. Disappointed! Hope Amazon drops product."
Was able to blend the perfect color to fix my boots.  I try not to wear leather and non leather products can wear quickly.  This product is good for touch ups
"Love the product, it is easy to use and has many colors. I repaired my shoes last night and you can barely tell there was anything wrong with them. The item also comes with a couple mixing containers in case you need to customize your color. They also provide a chart to create other colors."
"I had a few 1/2 long partial slits and 10-12 worn down recessed areas about 1/4"" in diameter at most.in a brown leather sofa on the seats.  Mixing the color was easy. The brush they include was too big and stiff so I used a small pointed soft brush of my own.  I applied several thin coats, then a thicker coast to refill the slit or recessed spots.  I experimented with wiping away excess and blending out the excess until I was satisfied with the look.  I let it dry for a few hours.  When I came back to apply the sealant, I had a hard time finding the slits and spots to coat.  So it worked great."
"Improved the look of our sofa 100 percent. Only an arm area showed a lot of wear, now looks good."
Didn't use ... too close motivated to mix etc
"I thought this was the solution to my couch problem, but unfortunately it didn't last. At first I LOVED it. If it stayed like that it would have been 5 stars. It looked great for less than a month. Attaching a picture to show what it looks like now."
Really poor product. Gummy and difficult to use. Tried to touch up a large area on the headrest of the recliner where color was diminished. Lesson learned. You get what you pay for.
Too hard to match couch color.  Thre away and decided to buy a new couch.
"I used this to recolor the faded headrest of my favorite leather recliner. It was fast, easy. and I highly recommended it."
this worked great!  covered all of my scratches and the color was awesome....great fix for 5 bucks!
More trouble than it's worth
I regret not taking a before and after picture of a walnut colored p leather bench that I  bought off Craig list. It had large wear spots on it 5x6 inches. I purchased two kits to cover up the wear and it turned out beautifully! Much better than expected. I will be purchasing more leather recovery furniture now and will continue to use this product to refurbish.
Do not buy this horrible cheap product not at all what I expected. Also not returnable though prime. Good thing it was only 6 bucks.
Hard to work with.
I tried this to fix scratches on leather office chairs from my cat. This did not work very well; we tried on both chairs and read the instructions several times. I would not purchase again.
It does not work.
"I bought this to cover scratches on a leather recliner that my cat had made. (Most of the time, I have a throw on it, but it's hard to completely cover it~especially the arms. Most of the scratches were on the arms, and a few on top of the pillow/back of seat where my kitty reclines.
  Mixing the product to get the right color was much easier than I thought it would be. The bottom line for success with this is: FOLLOW THE DIRECTIONS. The directions are simple, clear, and easy to follow, but don't try to take shortcuts or ""do your own thing.""
  My recliner looks great, the finish has not rubbed off, and, luckily, my cat is no longer ""launching"" himself off the arms."
"This product is a joke rip-off.  It's like a child's toy, The size of the backing fabric is 2 inches by 3 inches."
Ok...but don't expect miracles.
Not perfect but much better than it was. (Repaired faded/worn leather interior arm rest of car)
super fast shipping and as as described. Repaired worn area perfectly
Worked well to repair small tear in a leather couch
does not  work
"Worked beautifully- only bought it for the touch-up paint but the other items (texture paper, patch cloth, and this little buffer pad) were perfect. Used the link to the site to match colors and while it needs improvement- (like actual instructions on how to mix the colors needed to make the colors needed to come up with your final product) I was able to wing it and came up with a perfect match.  If you want great results make sure that you start this project when you have some uninterrupted quiet time.  You need to turn on something nice to listen to and take your time.  To clarify- I had multiple small holes and scratches from our dogs- so I had to patch, then touch up."
"Patcher up my 18 month old sofa, but you can definitely tell it's been patched. Was hoping for a more seamless result, but honestly that could be my fault."
Worked great on my black leather shoes to restore their luster and cover up paint stains.
As discribed...easy to use...
"saved my favorite leather jacket, works like a charm"
Saved a pair of boots
too small of product. Only buy if fixing a tiny tear.
Had bonded leather sofa that was peeling and it didn't work w/ it.
"This was ok. I tried this product first and keep in mind, it is a touch up kit. For the inexpensive price it is not going to work amazing, but get the job done. If you are looking for something to really repair and blend, then seek a more professional method of fixing. Overall, if you are looking for a quick fix and to not pay an expensive bill for a professional then I recommend this kit."
"The Black is not black sadly. In certain lighting you can see that it is very light. Other than that, it did patch the tear well"
"Used it on a Lexus steering wheel. I kept mixing colors till i got it perfect. Took me about 15 minutes to make the right color. This stuff is great, and is made to stay on a long time. Nobody could tell were i blended it in. This works excellent only when you cannot find the exact color match."
"It works, just call them
 If any help needed"
Terrible product it should not appear on the search for dying materials!!!
This worked great!  I was able to match the color well. The area was covered nicely. I couldn't figure out how to use the swatches though to patch a cracked area. The directions were not clear to me. It also tends to run off when I wipe down my couch with a baby wipe. I let each coat dry for a day (3total).
cool little patch kit
Makes the couch look like new but only lasts for a few days then peels off. Works best if your fixing a couch to sell.
"This product SAVED a recliner and a couch.  I was ready to give up and replace them, but now they look as good as new,. The little pots of color look like they could never work, and I kind of wished they had a youtube link listed because I had to kind of wing it.  But mixing my own colors worked after a while. There was very little of the clear topcoat, and that might be a problem.  I see the places where color was renewed seems to scratch more easily that it did when the leather was new.  But the change is radical and all for the better."
I returned it. Didn't seem to work
didn't quite match the couch to hide the cat scratches.
"A nice idea, but not really a good match for my light analine leather tan sofa.  Maybe it would work better on darker leathers.  I had trouble matching the color as well as applying the touch up.  I'm aware that may say more about my skills than the quality of the item.  The repair I made is better than the light spot I had before but I can still see the touch up.  The cause of the original damage was one unnoticed small drop of brandy that dissolved out the color."
"I love this product. Have used in the past to repair a small hole in a sofa. Did a great job enen though small indent still exists, blended well enough to disguise. Made another purchase to fix color fade on another couch. Would buy again."
Leather touch up works good for small places to repair.
Impossible to work with - colors in a cup - finishing expert would be required to achieve a useful result
"I was stupid a put a rip in my faux leather couch. It wasn't super noticeable so I mixed some brown and black together from this kit and colored in the hole. I took of the touch up paint after about a minute so that all it did was stain the small rip. The couch has started to crack from age, and I find that filling in those cracks using the same method as above hides my furniture's age well. I'm not sure how great it would work with real leather or for large tears, but those situations probably would not call for using a product like this anyway."
Order received promptly.  Well packaged.  Easy to use with several different colors.
"To cover what we had we needed a lot of this stuff. Later on it peeled up in strands as if it was just elmers glue. Wouldn't recommend on high traffic areas (dogs, party's)."
Worked better than I expected.  I used it to patch some scratches I made trying to squeeze a new leather couch I bought through the door.  The color's included had great variety and allowed me to mix pretty much the exact color of my couch.  It had some patches and instructions on how to use them but I skipped it and just used the color on the damaged areas which made the damage very inconspicuous and that's all I really wanted.
This was very easy to apply. It really worked on my couch. Easy to read instructions thanks
Pleasantly suprised! Worked really well- my sofas are brown with a red tint & I was able to easily match the color. Saved so much $$- hoping to get a few more years out of them.
Used on my sons leather couch.  The dogs took the color off by scratching the cushions.  The fix worked well and the couch is saved
Color didn't mix well for me.
Did not contain pens as indicated in picture.  It was a number of small containers.
works great
"I am so glad to have found this product! I had two pair of (pricey) boots that had serious scuffs at the toes, looked nearly white and worn-out. This kit enabled me to mix up the colors to match the color of both pairs. I followed the directions and can now wear both pairs again. Blended easily."
"Basically Elmers glue and latex paint...but I applied it to a pair of well-worn flats months ago and it's held up beautifully. If you have a pair of cracking leather shoes, this will get you many more miles out of them before they look so bad you are forced to pitch them."
"I have used this product for a few years now and it's great.  I bought a leather sectional for $300 because it was faded in many areas and was able to repair it using this product.  I am an artist, so color matching for me is not an issue.  I could see having problems if you aren't able to match the color; however, the company does include a color match guide.  Because I have two large dogs who use the couch a lot, the color wears off after a while and I have to touch it up about once per year."
"I bought this to repair a vinyl kitchen chair and it worked great. The wide range of colors that it comes with makes it possible to match just about any shade assuming you understand color mixing. Be aware you only get a small container of each color. If you've ever used a paint-by-number kit, they use the same type of paint containers in this repair kit. If you have a large repair, this is not the kit to use. The process was pretty simple and the fabric swatches were great for creating texture to further conceal the repair. The end result was almost unnoticeable. If you have a vinyl repair project that isn't too large, this is a good starting kit."
good value
"This is good stuff if your a good mixer and have a easy color to match and time to do it and let it dry. It comes with good instructions. I just don't care for the drying time and all that , I have 3 kids ,2 dogs and 2 cats so keeping them off the couch is a problem. But this great to save a expensive couch and get more life out if it. So far so good as to holding up and not peeling off."
A life saver! Worked perfect!
"color dried daker than when mixed, made a mess"
"Matching colors is more of a challenge than it looks. The enclosed swatch is handy, but it takes a few trys to get the color right. Fortunately the pigments are water based, so you can wipe them off and start over, probably a few times."
Product received as promised.
terrible color match- same result obtained with shoe polish and a lot less expensive!!
Will crack with use.
1/2 star
"hard to make it match adn too small for the application I needed, great for smaller projects"
Awful ! Didn't work ! Very difficult to match a color
"this product is unbelievable, fixed my expensive leather sofa like magic, very happy"
"This leather painting kit saved me a lot of money on replacing some of my favorite boots. Right away, I painted over scuffs on black booties and a pair of maroon boots, which would have cost about $70 each to replace.

You do have to mix your own colors, but a handy guide is included for which base colors to use to succeed with color-matching. No one could tell that I repainted, rather than replaced, my formerly scuffed shoes. I barely dipped in to the black, red, and brown that I've used so far, and I'm sure it's going to take me a long time (and a lot of shoes) to get through it all.

I'd highly recommend this kit for touching up the color on genuine and synthetic leather shoes. It dries quickly, and without the clear coat will match any more matte/leather effect."
"I bought a used couch and it had some really bad topical damage on the front, using this I was able to restor it back to looking the same as the surounding leather.

Take a bit of trial and error the get the right colors mixed but as long as you repairs are relitive sparce this should do the trick."
"This product really does work!  I had a worn area on the arm of one of our leather love seats.  I just added a small amount of the black to the chocolate brown until it matched the original shade.  Then I applied the mixture to the area, used the graining swatch, allowed it to dry for 30 minutes and applied the clear.  Although I was skeptical it would actually work, the results are truly professional."
"We have a dog  who is restricted to one seat on our L-shaped leather sofa, as he's already ruined it by licking on it constantly. I bought this product to mask the ugliness until we can buy a new sofa. It definitely works. Our sofa is a forest green and I was very easily able to make the color  It also comes with a color mixing chart  to help you get the right shade. This part is pretty easy to do and forgiving if  it is not the the right shade you can mix until you get it. My only issue is that there is such little paint.  It's only enough to touch- up one seat or a few scratches. Once the green ran out, I thought I could make more green by mixing the yellow and blue paint, but no matter how many combinationes I tried, I couldn't replicate the forest green that I needed. I also couldn't replicate the original shade of green that came in the kit (which I thought was weird). You have the option of ordering more paint. It's free, if you pay for shipping and handling, but  with the amount you spend on that, you may as well just go to a store and get yourself a hefty bottle of vinyl paint as opposed to the tiny tub you would get. Bottom line: really good for small areas."
"I had an incident with my vacuum cleaner vs my leather couch. The vacuum was placed on the couch while it was on and the rollers were going. It took a pretty good sized (about 2 inch by 2 inch) section of the color off the couch. I tried to use a wood furniture pen for a quick fix, but it didn't work at all. So, I bought this kit instead. It arrived quickly, and I used it the same day it arrived. I didn't use the color chart with the kit because I couldn't find a color that was comparable to the dark brown color of my couch. I mixed the brown and black together and put it on the sample vinyl piece included in the kit. I had to mix it a couple times to get the right color, but it didn't take long. I used the included sponge and applied it per the instructions. I applied it 3 times. The color looked great and the blemish was covered easily. After 24 hours, I applied the clear coat per the instructions using a paper towel. I was a little unimpressed with the clear coat. It left the area a little rough even after drying for 24 hours. I'm waiting to see how it feels overtime. I'm hoping it will smooth out. Overall, I'm happy with this product."
"I opened the package and started to put all of the corks in the bottles,we are missing 12 corks. Not very happy!!!!!"
"This stuff worked great! I can't say how it might do on rips or tears, but I have an ivory leather couch about 12 years old. Over the years it developed numerous small scratches in the finish. It was otherwise in good shape. After a good cleaning, I mixed up the color and got a good match. I dabbed it on, wiped it in with a cloth, and the scratches disappeared! The couch is practically like new again."
"Works just as advertised. Was able to create a color that matched my brown leather couch exactly with the color guide that they included. And the application processes was seamless. I recently relocated and the movers did a number to my couch when it arrived. There were so many scratches and tears, that I was worried I would have to replace the couch. But now, it looks brand new and you can't even notice most of the areas where I painted over with the touch up kit. Would definitely recommend!"
Looks great for a few days and then rubs right off. Even putting the sealer on it causes it to rub off.
"I was impressed with this inexpensive kit.  It did what I needed perfectly.  It's NOT for repairing holes or tears in leather; you can find other kits for that task.  This will repair discolorations.  I dropped a tiny splatter of epoxy on my Italian leather sofa.  I tried furniture polish to remove it.  Not only did in not remove the epoxy, it took off some of the color!  It was easy to match the color exactly (brownish burgundy) following the instruction guide provided.  I did two light coats with lots of drying time between.  The stain/touch-up paint appears to absorb into the leather as it dries.  There's a clear coat you apply very sparingly 24 hours later.  After that dried, I used a leather conditioner on both cushions (I had already cleaned both with gentle soap suds).  Buffed.  Looks totally brand new!"
This product was not a perfect match but did help to hide the area. Had you not known there was a discoloration before it would be hard to detect.
I expected exactly what I see. I get this bulls***. Seriously. I see it I buy it then I get something different. Haven't tried it yet. If it doesn't work next review will be worse.
"My leather sofa had spots where the color had rubbed off.  After experimenting with the colors provided, I was able to paint all the places and the sofa looks new again."
mixing is not as easy as it looks
I used this for my leather couch and it was completely worth it.
Very impressed! Just mix to get a matching color. Saved me from buying another sofa set!
"Our dark brown leather chairs were looking very worn in places. I was able to mix a black/ brown combo perfectly matching the chairs. When project completed, they looked very much like new."
You get what you pay for.
Okay. So this was totally a joke. No way in the world could you mix these colors and make the color of leather. I actually feel dumb for even trying
"This stuff is completely worthless!!! It made the small rip on my leather bench look 10 times worse, I wish i hadnt watsed my time or money on it, don't make the same mistake!"
"I was repairing a brown leather love seat.  The kit has an empty container for mixing colors and by adding black to the brown, I attained the  perfect  color match. I hate directions but this was so easy to use and unless you get up close you can't tell where the sofa was repaired. ."
This was a gift
Works great. I have the same brand new Ashley leather as described and have had huge patches of color fall off. Simple fix with this product. Looks perfect!
Worked great! Saved us from buying a new couch. Thank you !
"Outstanding product. Did an excellent job, removed the scratches."
It is just regular paint..
I love this product. The clue is managing your expectations. The couch was cheap to begin with and the leather was badly cracked with pieces  flaked off. After using leather touch up it's in the parlor not the dumpster.
Very little amount of paint included and hard to match colors.
"Excellent product. I was nervous to try it, I didn't want to go from bad to worse with this not so old reclining chair my father gave us. In the top above picture you can see some significant wear in the head rest area. I tested an inconspicuous spot on the side of the chair first and to my delight it was a great color match. The product is still wet in the bottom picture and I haven't applied the clear finishing coat yet."
its a great item
"Color match was very easy, but applying was not that easy.  Now I noticed that the patch is beginning to peel.  Wonder if I did something wrong."
"This product may work for some small jobs and on single color leather but it is not a great fix. My story is that I had a bare spot that I tried to fix with this product and the patch was obvious. Also the leather  color on the couch was coming off with just a damp rag. I went to youtube and found some good information from someone who really knows leather. His name is Kevin and you can find the link if you look. Long story shortened my three year old furniture was failing due to the clear coat disappearing due to wear or poor Chinese manufacturer. I bought a kit for $175 that included a sprayer, two colors of ""paint"", and some clear top coat. I am not a finishing type of guy, but I was pleased with the results. I refinished several bad spots and put clear top coat over all the wear areas. Bottom line the product sold here is only good for very minor touch ups, but there is hope on the internet. The attached pictures show the bald sport which is now impossible to find and the first patch job done locally by a ""professional and the same cushion after my repair."
The instructions don't say anything about when to use the backing paper to make the grain match.
Love the ease of using this product. It doesn't look perfect but it will buy us time til we purchase a new couch.
Worked  way better than I thought it would and it pretty easy to do.
Wonderful product. Liked so much we ordered another. Customer service is also very good. We had a question and they were extremely helpful and concerned about taking care of our needs.
Good product
"Interesting product.  very hard to get match of basic colors, tan. but seems to cover and work ok if you can find a match."
Product worked but the repair is quite visible.
Worked really well to fix a spot on our leather couch.  So far you wouldn't even be able to tell.
"No matter how you apply this, it will not work as described. It's an as seen on tv piece of garbage. I read the directions thoroughly; watched the Youtube video, and I applied it, as instructed. One week later, my sofa is peeling at the repair site."
"Worked great to match couch. Had to do it multiple times, texture still off, but better than having to buy new. Would buy it  again if another accident happened."
ok
They provide some color mixing guidelines but it was challenging to get the color right. In the end I donated the couch I wanted attempted to fix.
"I really disliked this product because it really didn't help at all, also the directions were very unclear"
not that good
"I loved that I was able to make my own color palette and that it dries flawlessly, but it scratched off within a few weeks. So sad!"
"My bonded leather couch had pieces that were peeling and pieces that had come off, so I tried this as a solution. I used the vinyl glue to stick the outside parts back to the couch, and then just covered the entire part that was missing the bonded leather. It worked pretty well to camouflage the large area. I haven't attempted to color match just yet because I'm not sure what color my couch falls under, but it already looks a whole lot better. The area with the glue is a little crusty feeling compared to the actual couch. I'm not sure if the color stuff will make it a little softer. I will update once I've used the color. I forgot to take a before photo but I am including a photo with the vinyl glue, and once I do the color I will add another photo."
I am pleasantly surprised. This product worked great. I have a couch that after 3 years looked terrible in some areas due to normal wear. I wanted to get a whole new set of couches but decided to try this first. It fixed the bad areas so well that this set of couches looks great and will absolutely keep. The product is easy to use and well worth trying.
Didn't work for me  Wasn't able to mix. Black cherry for my furniture
works well
Not as advertised. Careful what you pay for.
Great product. Only one that worked on our sofas.
"I have used this product so many times, it works perfectly if you use it the right way."
great product. Directions were very clear!
"This worked pretty good on my ""bonded leather"" chair. Not perfect, but better than peeling leather. I also used it on some leather shoe tips that were scuffed up and it has held up very well. Takes some practice to mix the perfect colors, but was fairly easy for me, as I am an artist by trade."
"Ordered this with some doubts that it would work but it actually works really well.  The only negative thing I could say is that it can be a challenge to mix the exact color.  Luckily, there was a brown paint in the package and we just had to darken it some with the black paint.  Comes with good base colors to mix to get the right shade for your leather.  We used the brown paint and since we needed a darker shade, we added black to it til we had the right tone and there is a white paint as well if you need to lighten it.  Instructions are pretty basic with a color mixing guide to obtain certain colors.  Also, it came with a clear finish solution to paint over to protect the new touch-up.  Very impressed with the results."
"I'm sad because at first this worked great. I was really excited because they give you lots of colors but not a lot of each color and my couch being burgundy took all of the brown, red, and half of the black to fill the large peeling areas on my sofa so I only had enough for two coats. It lasted about two weeks and then the covered parts started to peel up in large chunks. So now my couch looks like a jaguar clawed it to death. :("
"This is a horrible, horrible ""product""!.  The pictures show how it arrived.  This is really for repairing vinyl or leather car seats.  Dye?  hardly.  Packaging completely different than what is shown!  Even at that, I tried it.  What a joke."
"I've used these type of repair kits before just not this particular brand. They're all the same in my opinion. Whether you order the $9 kit or the $19 one, they're identical.
It will come with a single tiny piece of backing (smaller than a Post It Note) to use if you have an actual hole, basic colors of paint/dye that you'll have to mix to get the desired color, a piece of test vinyl that's the same size as the backing, a few different leather grain 'stamps' that you'll use after you apply the vinyl filler (also included in a miniscule amount) and a clear coat sealer. There's also a very cheap quality sponge and tiny paint brush.
This kit and all of ""No heat"" types are for little holes and scratches. Anything larger than a silver dollar- or if you have a few holes will require more than one kit.
Now, I'm giving this 3 stars overall because it does work well enough to get you by if your repair needs fit into the above criteria. But I can't over emphasize how very little product you're actually getting. I do recommend this brand if you're wanting to try one of these no heat kits because it's less expensive than some of the other ones on available. And they'll all the same: same packaging, same sponge and paint brush, same amount of product in the same containers with the same label and the same paint mixing guide which is helpful to a very limited degree because they don't provide a photo of the target color and some of the names are vague ie Sable Brown. I'm guessing that's a light warm brown? No clue. But there are instructions for how to mix different colors to achieve it. I'm lucky because I'm a hairstylist and I use color theory literally every day so mixing the colors to match wasn't super difficult. I didn't use the provided guide because it was vague. I just eyeballed it.
Anyway, the end results are OK for minor repairs but the kits which require heat are a lot better. They're just trickier to use. With either type kit there's a learning curve so practice on a hidden area or a spare piece of vinyl. Just don't practice too much or you'll not have enough product left for your repair!
Lastly, this isn't a permanent solution. The repair I made using a different kit last year is starting to peel up a little around the edges.
I very much prefer the more expensive and less user friendly heat based kits for both longevity and end result but if you're not looking for a permanent solution and you only have a small area to repair, and if you're pretty comfortable mixing colors then this kit or any other similar one will do the trick."
Works as advertised. It doesn't make the repair look like new but you mix the colors to match and the repair is solid.
"Like other reviewers, I found it difficult to mix the exact shade.  It did, however, cover ink marks on a bone leather handbag with two coats.  So not perfect match, but made the purse usable."
Not user friendly. Was hard to match brown I had.
"This stuff is seriously amazing. The entire seat area of our leather sofa was starting to wear off, revealing nothing but the ugly fabric backing which was a much lighter color and therefore VERY noticeable. Since the sofa was no longer under warrantee, I went for this option. I'm thoroughly impressed! Looks like a brand new sofa now."
"Works great, some oil scent  fell on my dark brown leather love seat and left a stain. The colors worked perfect. Idk why other were complaining about the portion of the paint but it was more than enough, and so much has left over. It doesnt get fully 100% blend in but from the distance you cant see a difference. From close up you can see. Its still great."
Awful made a perfect match but then it made the couch tear worse and looked really bad. I would not suggest this product.
Worked well in faded leather couch
Customize your color even white! Works well. For smaller repairs and includes everything you need.
"Well, it's not a miracle. It made the spot I fixed rough and dry, though the color is back to brown. I also found the instructions lacking and it took me awhile to figure out. In hindsight I would have just used my kids' acrylic paints and mixed the right shade (as you have to with these), applied with a sponge and let dry and followed up with a leather/vinyl lacquer bought at the craft shop. Oh well, it hasn't really breathed new life into my piece of furniture, but at least there is no light-colored rubbed-off spot anymore as a constant reminder what a piece of garbage I wasted my money on not too long ago, having been sold by the idiots at the store on ""leather"". :/"
"It t.ok me forever to get around to using it because I thought it was going to be difficult to match.
But it wasn't,  very easy to use and the results were great. I had an estimate to repair my sofa of $130.
I did it myself for the price of this kit"
"This is really nothing more than water based paint.  It does not dye the leather, just covers up the issues.  There is no way this will last with stretching and wear.  One might be able to get it to look better temporarily, but that's about it. It was worth a try, but I would not recommend it."
no. too hard match colors. the repair does not hold up.
great
It didn't work.
Had to call manufacture to get proper color match. Once I had color the product worked great...very happy withresults.
Didn't work very well for us. We couldn't match the color well at all. Maybe just simple black or brown.
Not perfect but i was able to match the color fairly easily. Would buy again if needed.
"Once you got the mix right for you color, it worked great.  Would buy again."
Terrible.  Glue and finger paint.........really
"work like suppose too and very happy with this set! instruction was easy to follower and my daughter being into art
was very helpful in mixing the right color to fix my leather chair it had a small hole from a key! it fix and look great"
Doesnt blend is very well
It worked somewhat
"worked decently well to patch our cream colored leather couch.  The dogs had scratched it so it wasn't a full on tear, just some small marks that would only get worse.  You can still see them, but only when you are up close looking for them. I was able to match the color pretty well."
works well onlly if you use the colors that come with it
The paint didn't last. It came off a couple weeks later.
"Wonderful product! It takes a little bit of an eye for color, but it mixes well with great results.  We purchased brand new leather couches. Two months later, we rescued a cat. She liked to use her front claws on the cup holder (needless to say she has been declawed). Fixed the tiny scratches within minutes! Love this stuff!!"
"After applying product it looked 100x worse. I had to scrub paint off, it was awful. Money in the garbage they should NOT be selling this product. Scam rip off !! USELESS"
It is OKAY
Amazing!  Worked like a charm on my leather couch; I feel like a genius for using it.
It's ok
The adhesive dries too ridged so even when concealed with the color coat it still feels unnaturally stiff. The colors are hard to match because you must wait for it to dry overnight to see the result and then try again for a closer match. The kit comes with a full assortment of colors for mixing but only one container of white base. You use only a small amount of color for one container of white base so you have to buy another entire kit just to get more white base.
"Simple enough, except  it cracked again"
"Had a recliner from Ashley's that the color came off the head rest.  Used 3 coats of brown mixed with a little black to restore it back to its original color, then sealed it.  It's been about 3 months now and unless you knew it had been re colored you wouldn't be able to tell it from the remainder of the recliner.  Was seriously thinking of buying a new recliner until I found this touch-up kit."
"I bought it to repair my black color purse, I was hoping to do that faster. When I opened it I realized that it will be not enough black color for doing that. But I had other colors what, actually, I did not need at all! So I guess this product is not bad, I did not have a chance to use I returned it, but I prefer to buy something like that but only black color and a LOT of black )))"
none of the patches matched my boot to repair it
This leather Touch Up worked great.  Thank you
This worked great on our leather couch! We highly recommend it .
Color matched good but clear coat finish is soooo shiny you can tell where repair/cover up was. If the chair was brand new it would still be to glossy. But you have to use clear coat or color will rub off.
"Eh. It's not great, but it's a quick fix."
"We recently moved to a new home and were looking for furniture for our basement.  We were planning to take our living room set down there, since all the color was chipping off our leather couches.  It made me sick to my stomach, as this furniture is only 4 years old, and in otherwise great condition.  I really wasn't wanting to spend so much, just get a simple couch and loveseat for the basement.  $5,000 plus to replace our living room set verses $900-1,000 for a cheaper couch set somewhere.  I was reluctant that a $10 paint product could save us $4K....but it did!  We have two dogs, two kids and a cat.  The hardest part of using this, was keeping everyone off the couches for the 24 hour dry time.  Actually, it was dry before that, but I wanted to be sure to give it proper time to set.  The color guide helped me match up what colors to use.  I had 3 decent sized patches to fix, plus some minor knicks here and there.  I purchased two sets, based on the reviews saying there wasn't a lot in each package; but it turned out, I had exactly enough to finish the job.  I will keep the second set on hand, in case I ever need this again.  I actually used some of the little paint I had left on the sponge to touch up a fake wood chest that got banged up in our move.  It worked nicely on that as well (but I would caution, not to do that for any real wood furniture you actually care about getting ruined - this is a vinyl paint!).  I was pleasantly surprised by this product."
"I don't know where all the positive reviews are coming from. I followed all the instructions carefully and still ended up with horrible results. The glue appeared to be nothing more sophisticated than Elmers because after days of studiously applying layers, mixing colors and allowing for drying time, the repair spots bubbled up and peeled off my couch the first time anyone sat on it. Then I had to spend days carefully peeling the glue off the damaged areas without doing more damage. What a joke.

Also, the kit didn't come in container like the one pictured. It came in an unmarked cardboard box, and all the colors, glue and topcoat came in cheap little tubs that were difficult to open. I spilled half the topcoat when I was trying to open it."
You get what you pay for. I was expecting more.
Worked perfectly!
"We are so thankful for this product.  Our bonded leather recliners (which we use for HOURS every day) had one too many bounces by our toddlers and we wondered if anything could be done to three large tears and multiple little tears/dings ... but, we thought, for a few bucks, this was at least worth a try. My husband did a great job of mixing the colors (what a great idea!  he kept adding more black and not quite mixing it all the way in to try to match the mottled color of the leather) and we are VERY happy with the result.  Of course, the torn spots don't look perfect (we didn't expect that), but unless you look REALLY closely, the chairs look GREAT.  No big unhappy tears right when you walk into our living room.  No tempting leather scars for the boys to pick at.  A week later, they're weathering well, and this fix seems to have given life back to our chairs for many more years.  My husband touched up all the other little dings and the chairs just look great.  And we have extra repair paint if we have anything toddler loving our chairs in the future!  So thankful! See progress of the photos..."
I didn't want to trust how great this price was but I saw the customer pics and decided to give it a try. It ended up working even better than I expected!
I used the brown to cover some warn spots on my brown leather couch. It worked great you can't even see any difference between the old and new. I also mixed a gold to match my chair to cover a small area and it worked great. I highly recommend this product. It was very easy to use. The only problem I ran into was the clear finish was so clear I thought it was an empty container and I used it to mix my gold color without realizing it but it worked out OK in the end.
"Thought it was just kids paints when it arrived but mixed up the colors, applied it to the gouges in my shoes and they look awesome. Color match is the key."
"This goes on like craft paint. when dry it looks like I painted the couch with craft paint and doesn't blend well at all. Too bad, worth a try."
I have a leather sofa that got scratched in several places. All were superficial but it bothered me. I mixed the color and used my finger to apply it. It worked perfectly.
"So happy I tried it! I have an expensive leather handbag that is off white in color. I'm tough on purses and got scratches on it and color on the leather on the edges wore off a bit. It took a bit of time to get the color just right, but the results are amazing! Unless you looked at it from a few inches away, you'd never notice it was repaired! So happy!"
Great product!  Worked like a charm!
"It did work in covering worn places on a leather couch. But, the tiny cups of dye were hard for me to open without getting the dye all over. I'm 6' 3"" at 280 pounds, so I am not delicate at all. Then mixing in the color to match the couch was again with a tiny little plastic stirrer kind of messy. It did work and matched the couch perfectly. At this price I would recommend it to others and would buy it again if I needed it."
horrible product that made the damage worse.  Colors were hard to match and did not blend well.  do not purchase
Worked fine
it does the job!
"Looks good at first but repair tends to crack and peel after  some use.

D. E. meyers"
This is an excellent product and will definitely take care of any leather repair job.
Product worked great.
Nice little kit but I could not match the interior leather on a 2012 Tundra that had a worn area. Got pretty close but wanted it to match. It would be nice to have something that let's you get close to the color based on what color leather the manufacturers are using. The interior leather is a beige/tan.
"I originally thought this product worked great! I mixed and applied the patch to a part of my couch that was peeling. It looked good and blended well. Unfortunately, only a few months later, it began to peel. Now I have an even worse mess than before."
"I do not recommend. I needed to repair two scuffs on a red leather couch. I used a lot of paint trying to match the color, which was difficult and difficult to apply. I'd stick with a marker or shoe polish going forward."
Ok
OK
exellent
"I purchased this product after the dye on our sofa started wearing off where my husband sat (I guess the oils on his head were caustic to the cheap dye used on the leather). I tried sharpies, but they did not stay, so I took a chance on this product. My sofa is sort of a mottled brown, so I mixed up a darker brown and used the brown that came with the kit. It worked fine for my needs. You can't really tell from a distance that I painted the area, but if you look closely, it's evident. It will work just fine for my situation, but if you are wanting a more expert look, this is not the way to go."
It's actually more difficult that it seems. To mix the paint and get the perfect color is very difficult and there's a long list on how to make colors but how do you know what color it will actually be? You can mix it and then add more brown or black to get it lighter or darker until it matches but still a little off.
"The touch up kit did a great job of covering the scratches on my leather furniture.  However, I believe that it is a big challenge for most people to be able to mix the color correctly to match.  I am an artist with an understanding of color and it took me some time to get it right.  The touch up kit does have all the colors necessary to mix any color just be sure to start with small amounts and test the color after it dries before a final applications."
I tried to match the color and it was really hard to do. It does come with a ton of colors to try and color match your leather that needs to be repaired.  It also didn't last very long. We used it for the arm of our chair. It might work better if it is in a less used area.
"This is basically the cheapest and ugliest way to fix damage on leather. If you want the worst result possible for fixing leather, buy this."
"Take your time to mix the color, and you will be very impressed. Wait the FULL drying time without peeking."
Purchased for my mother. She is now the fix it queen.
Very hard to understand. Did not use the product.
"This is great little kit, but the finish wore off pretty easy and the leather filler did as well.
This might work on a section of a chair that was accidently poked etc... but not on any seating surface.
Color mixing was ok, it is really up to your own ability, I got a decent match"
"The colour went on very good.  The only complaint I have is when I put the clear finish on you can see the shine.  I am going to use Mink oil. I hope
that will take away the shine so you don't notice it."
overpriced
"Thought this would be tough to match - but it was very easy! I dreaded trying this, but was pleasantly surprised."
good
"I was pleasantly surprised at how good of a job this kit did. I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 because you don't get very much product at all. With the areas I need to fix on my couch I will need at least 3 kits total. You get the same amount of colors as you do clear coat and vinyl adhesive. They come in little pots like the kind your kids get paints in.  If your couch is rubbed all the way down to the fabric you will need a good bit of the vinyl adhesive as a base layer first. I think they should have given at least 3x as much of the vinyl adhesive as they provided.

I have an Ashley Furniture couch that they swore would last for years and years. I even bought the warranty. However, rubs like this are considered ""normal wear and tear"". Since I saw another review with my exact same couch #1 I will never buy another Ashley Furniture couch and #2 I definitely recommend this product for anyone else who got duped by their ""durablend leather"" claim.

I'm going to buy another 2 kits of this and hopefully my couch will last through my kids destruction years.

I am adding before and after photos. It is important to note that in the last photo the final ""clear coat"" is not fully dry yet."
"If you have a plain color, like black or white, it may work.  Mine is a light yellowish beige and although I could mix it and put it next to the seat, it was perfect, but when dried, it was awful.  I didn't put on the finisher because I didn't want to seal it in.  I paint pictures and can usually make combinations spot on.  After 4 coats, it still wasn't covering.  I started just peeling it off and am going to take it to a detailer ($60), which I should have done in the first place.  Now they will likely charge more to get rid of this stuff.  Was so hopeful.  Looks worse."
It worked fairly well to cover the scratch mark on my leather sofa. It takes some mastery to mix the colors to match the color you want. My sofa has different shades of brown in it so the exact match was not important to me.
"Worked great to hide the discolored leather where my dog scratched my 2 year old $2,000 sofa.  Color matched perfectly (my sofa is a very dark brown) and was so easy to mix.  I just mixed a small amount at a time, according to the enclosed mixing chart.  After applying the clear coat the next day, it blended so well, others couldn't tell where I repaired it.  I've lived with the sofa for three months so far and it still looks as good as the first day I used it.  Very, very pleased with the product as well as the price."
"Unbelievable product!  It repaired my leather couch that was damaged by my dog. Saved me from getting it reupholstered!

Peg D"
very small amount of paint but all in all worked pretty well.  would have liked more of the sealer to seal the new pant color.  time will tell how good the product stays on the leather
I was hesitant to buy this-let me tell you. I was amazed! I mixed two colors together and put it on the scratches and marks on our leather couches. It worked so well and my husband and I loved how much better and newer our leather couches looked!
"I had several scratches on my sofa and love seat. This product has worked as described. If need be, I'd order it again."
"My dog scratched  up my brown leather couch pretty good. This worked great, I used a damp paper towel a few minutes after applying the color.  I spread it around evenly on the couch and that seemed to work the best!"
Did not work as described.
Perfect!
Ok product. Pays to spend more. Delivery was quick
Didn't work for me!! Wouldn't buy again!
"This is some good stuff that works, just make sure you get the right color."
"Great, Work perfeckly"
"First of all the directions were unclear. When I put the glue on and the grain, I ended up pulling up the leather that was intact. Not happy"
Works well
I was shocked how well it worked and how good the color matched . Took some time to tint the color the right way and keep in mind it dries a little darker then it looks while it's wet .
wasted monies
This is a great product. I had a black leather jacket where the leather was starting to wear off. I bought this and mixed the black paint with a little water and starred dabbing it on the jacket with the sponge that is included in the kit. The jacket is as good as new now. It took two coats of this but it worked and I didn't need to use a lot of paint for it either. Definitely worth it.
My leather couch was against the wall and when I moved it-it was discolored in a large spot by the wall/paint. I used this kit to touch it up and it blended perfectly. It looks great now and you absolutely cannot tell there was an issue.
Dont waste your money.
This did not work at all.  The color mixing did not come close to matching the product I needed to repair.  It was a waste of money.
"Great kit. Nice details like test patch for testing color and texture patches. Stir stick is plastic and easy to clean. Tubs of color seal up well. You have to get the color perfect for an invisible repair, so practice a few times first."
"This worked pretty well, I guess.  I have a leather recliner that my cat likes to sit on top of, but it rocks every time she jumps off, thus making her extend her claws and try to latch on.  The headrest area was ripped up pretty bad.  I used the white stuff to ""glue"" it back down, and then tried my best to color match to touch up.  It was a pretty large area though.  It kind of looks like I used mud to put it on, and then let it dry that way.  None of the little scraps of leather matched my grain to make it look legit.  The chair looks better than it was, so ultimately, it is worth the money, as it was inexpensive. Not a perfect match on color and certainly not on texture.  To someone who was just glancing at the chair, they might not notice it.  We keep a blanket over it now to avoid the cat recreating the problem."
Not anything like I expected.  This is like old thick paint by number paint. Was expecting more of a stain for leather.
Had a very hard time matching the paint color of my furniture even after reading directions carefully. I thought I had a good match but the paint dried about 3 shades darker ! Thank goodness the paint wipes off with alcohol even after its dried which raises another concern of how well it would actually last. Also the patch to fix a tear is about the size of one color sample card. Not enough to fix a 6 inch thin tear. The glue is Elmer's glue. I doubt that lasts long. Very disappointed.
"Did well, but hard to get desired color with colors provided, without some sort of guide"
"Wasn't too sure, but am very pleased at how easy it is to use and how well the colors mix and blend."
AS ADVERTIZED
"This product has been around for a long time. I used it years ago with great success and should chose it first, this time. Instead, I picked another (newer) product that did not work. So, I had to go back and order this touch up kit. It is amazing!"
I used this product on my Grandson's faux leather jacket.  Our larger Golden Retriever scratched at him and made two holes in the material.  I used this and it worked perfectly.  It came with numerous color containers allowing the user to blend the color to match what they are repairing.  I was able to mix the brown and black colors to match the jacket.  I would definitely recommend this product.  I only wish I took before and after pictures to show how well it worked.
"When it came it looked so cheap that I was nervous. No fancy packaging. BUT YES GOD, it worked sooooooo well. I thought it would be though to get the colors combined for the right match, but it was easy to ""eye ball"" and get right. Even if you get it close it somehow blends in perfectly. This saved me from buying a new couch."
"I was impressed by this product. My daughter got fingernail polish on our couch and in trying to get it off, we ended up with a big white spot. This takes a little practice, but it goes on and stays on! Nice to have for future ""oooppps"" too. This goes a long way!"
works
Easy to match the color. Did a good job covering an approx. 2x2 inch area where the color had worn off.
Works perfectly for shoe repairs (my use) and im sure itd work perfectly for any other leather item!
The glue is ok. But dries pretty hard
Won't use again.
Works great! Had to repair my sofa and it got the job done
Great kit!  Quite surprised how well it worked!
"Worked wonders on my leather sofa. My husbands head sweats and discolored brown leather so I mixed the brown with some black until it matched. Applied it with my hand, let dry and used clear finisher. Looks like new!!"
"It's ok. It isn't a miracle worker. It is really tough to mix the paint to get an exact match of my dark brown, almost black couch. The damaged area is right on the seam to my armrest where the puppy gnawed at it. This stuff is ok but not perfect. Then again, the area I am trying to fix seems to be a really difficult area to do. This stuff would be perfect if I was just trying to repair a scratch or small tear since it is good with blending, but what I am doing is trying to fix an entire corner seam of an armrest so I'm having a tough time. It is good enough so that your eyes don't go straight to the damaged area."
"Great touch up kit, worked beautifully on my leather couch"
"Didn't work as expected. Although the color went on great and matched, the color came off after about a week."
We have dark brown leather furniture and it worked perfectly to get rid of all the scratch marks!
"This worked surprisingly well that I got ahead of myself and didn't read the instructions properly.
I would skip the clear coat at the end though, I thought the gloss made the leather repair look a bit tacky, but overall this did the trick to my peeling couches."
"Fastest delivery possible!
Great product. You can match any color you want. Love it."
It worked but you have to know how to mix colors
Good product.
"It does the job if recoloring the rip is all you're after. Basically, this is just paint."
It worked really good for us
Great!
Box of primary colored paint!  Mixing just makes a mess!
it was ok I did not know how to mix the colors
"Clear sealant peals after a week. Color matching okay, but noticeable since it changes the texture. Adhesive is a joke - just use a tiny amount of gorilla glue instead if trying to patch pieces of cracked bonded leather. Gorilla glue swells though so I used putty knife just to scrape the tiniest bit on. It also dries very hard, so don't use to patch large areas. Once dried I painted over with this kit."
Yuck. Nothing like the video.
"This product does really works.  Tried on my car leather, as there's a small patch like ""scrubbed off"" / worn out,  I clean with some Alcohol (IPA), paper towel dry to ensure surface is clean and dry. Then just apply liquid leather, waited 15 mins, use my finger to scrub off the excess, and apply second layer. Same process, after 15 mins rub gently with finger tip, at parameters of the repair patch, and leave it for 24 hours.  Now it looks like there's nothing there, the patch is gone. It looks a bit darker at first when not fully dried."
I brought this product for my  leather sofa that was starting to get worn in certain areas and it worked great. You can't  even  see where it was  repaired. I highly recommend this product
I think i put it on to thick. Really did work but I should have taken my time doing it..
Ended up with a good color match but the mixture I applied ended up way too thick. Should have used more water for sure
"Love it , Thanks"
Didn't work well
"The most difficult part of this process is getting the color exactly right - they give you good instructions, but you still have to get it exactly right.  After that it works wonderfully.  Fixed a few spots on my leather couch that were worn out - looks perfect!"
Do NOT order this! Very small bottle of nothing more than bad paint. Item I used it on looked WORSE after I used this than when I started. ZERO stars if that was an option.
Works great. I had to wipe down the seat with a cloth and water to perfectly match the color. It work
"Hard to match color, but covered good and looks good so far."
Worked wonders-fixed the spot perfectly! Highly recommend!!
Doesn't match well with tan colors
Didn't work - didn't give enough of the color required to do anything other than very minor touch ups.  Think of number paint sets and this is about the size of the colors given.  Then the off-white dye didn't fix the scratches.
does what it says the way it says. easy to use and for a good price. I'm happy.
Our chair is dark brown.  The color selection was not helpful in mixing/matching colors.
this box was in rough shape when i received it.  several color capsules where cracked and leaking.
If  I could give this a zero star rating I would. Absolute waste of money. I have a black couch that needs some repair on the cushions. There wasn't even enough to do a 3 inch section. When I did it woe off within a day. Do not waste your money on this junk.
Did the trick very nicely.  Easy to use also.  Will definitely get it again if i need to.  Thank you.
"Product was easy to use. The instructions were clear, so mixing allowed us to make a perfect match. Used on a few spots and have plenty to touch up any further wear and tear. Would definitely purchase again."
not even instructions I constantly mixed and was unable to match my color.
"The ex-girlfriend got mad at me because my dog scratched her leather couch. Or so she *says*. I'm not convinced one of her devil horns wasn't the culprit... Anyway... In an effort to keep her happy, I bought this leather repair kit. It was the least I could do to try to mend things. It worked well. No complaints at all.

It's too bad the leather kit couldn't save the relationship. The moment she started pointing fingers at my dog, I should've known it was over. Free tip to all the ladies out there... Never come between a man and his dog. It simply won't work out."
Didn't work. Made the damage on my sofa worse.  Don't waste your $
This stuff did a great job on leather chairs in my office. I patched a tear in one and repaired flaking on another. The color mixed easily and the kit even came with a sealer. I'll order it again.
It works as described.
Very good
Nothing great as to be expected used it to patch some small cuts buy you can easily see them still.
Cheap and easy to use.  Save money and do it yourself.  Worked very well on my black leather car seats
It worked better than I expected it to. Pleasantly surprised.
"Worst product ever. Impossible to exactly match a color - even when you think you've got it , it dries darker. Then add the clear coat, which did nothing but attract dust and dirt. This product ruined my white leather sectional. I wish I would've left it alone. The few cat scratches on it were hard to see compared to dark blotches where I used this. And yes, I read instructions and reviews carefully, one couch took almost four hours with all the color mixing and matching..."
it's messy and you have to mix the paint to the right color... you can still tell where I touched it up but it is still better than it was before
Didn't work as expected
This worked fantastically!! I wish it had come with more of the gloss though.
Worked great!
good kit
Good product
"Worked great, looks great."
Works pretty well.
"Finally, something that works to repair my leather furniture.  I have a 'composite' leather (pressed leather pieces like plywood is constructed) and the coloring had worn off in spots.  I tried many different things to hide the ugly spots but nothing worked.  This took some practice in order to get the color right and now I can't even tell where it was repaired.  The great thing is that, if you don't like the results, it will rub right off so you can easily try again.  It has been on for only a few weeks so I cannot comment on the durability.
UPDATE Oct 31, 2015: Unfortunately, all of the color has rubbed off probably because it was in a highly used area."
This touch-up kit works really well.  I was able to patch some worn leather on a couch and love seat.  It seems to be holding up....
Worked well on our leather sofa. I was presently surprised. Don't expect an absolutely perfect match.
Works great
A little hard to match.
This product is advertised to provide a perfect match to worn leather.....I have a dark brown leather couch that has a few cracks in the leather from normal use.  I tried mixing every single brown color combination provided in the kit and nothing came close.
Thx
Are cat had created of variety of small scratches on the back of our red leather sofa and chairs.  With this kit I was able to mix a little blue into the red to get a good color match.  I dabbed the paint on with the brush onto the scratches and blotted off with a paper towel. The scratches are not completely gone but now they are not very noticeable
"DID NOT COVER SMALL SPOT, WHERE A LITTLE COLOR OF THE LEATHER, CAME OFF, NEW CHAIR, I NEEDED A DARK BROWN"
"Too difficult to use, not as expected."
I bought this for a leather headboard that my cat got to.  It is dark brown leather so I had to mix the colors.  didn't get the exact color match but it still did what I expected.
Works great on my ranch boots
"I am very happy with product I had a stain on leather sofa , I followed instructions and the stain is gone"
I got a great deal on a very expensive jacket with a pencil eraser sized hole in the back. I was skeptical that I would be able to match the light pinky beige color.  I was wrong.  It took a few attempts but I found an almost perfect match.  Great stuff.
It works great for small areas.  Easy to use though mixing and matching colors can be difficult.  So far I like how it's worked.
got this for scratches on a leather couch.  Found it difficult to match the couch color.  shoe polish seems easier to use for my purposes.
not to bad nice to fix scratches
"This product went above and beyond my expectations !  It not only repaired small cracks in my leather sofa, chair, and ottoman but covered large areas of wear as well.  Thank you.  Great product !!!!!!"
A bit tricky to get the exact color match but well worth the try. This saved my sofa. It was damaged from the sunlight. There is enough to try 1-2 batches before I hit it exactly.
Works as advertised but tricky to use properly....try a practice path first.....smoothes on nicely with plastic collar stay
It doesn't do what is advertised for
Worked as expected. It saved me $2000.  I almost trashed this couch but now it can last me another couple years.
"Covered a large discolored area of leather chair.
I 'm pleasantly surprised. If it wears as well as it covers i I'll be ecstatic."
"Works pretty dang well, just make sure to get enough kits to fix the job that you have. I have a black pleather couch that has age splits all over and this has fixed the issues, but where I spread it too thin back 6 months ago is starting to show and I'm going to have to buy two more kits to cover the splits.

I had 3 larger gashes and the kit came with everything to fix those and those 3 large tears are still holding strong. So when you use enough of the solution from the kit, it will definitely hold for a long time.

ALSO, PLEASE NOTE THAT THIS KIT IS ALMOST IDENTICAL TO SIMILAR KITS OUT THERE, BUT THIS KIT COMES WITH ONE EXTRA CONTAINER WITH THE CLEAR COAT TO FINISH OFF THE REPAIR. AKA IT'S BETTER THAN THE OTHER KITS."
Seems really complicated. We have to make our own paint colors? Not what I was looking for.
good
Good product. Nice to do business again
Tough to get an exact color match
It worked as described. I needed to darken some worn spots on leather furniture.  The only difficult part was mixing colors to get the correct color.  I paint as a hobby so didn't have as much trouble as someone who doesn't work with color mixing.
"had the cording on a black leather couch crack and this took care of the problem, not perfect but still great"
"Excellent product! I recently bought a vintage Coach bag from a second-hand store with scratches all over it, in a much lighter color than the bag. The leather's color was also not uniform - darker in some spots, lighter in others. At first I lightly dabbed the product on (without adding water to my mixture like the instructions say), and it was alright, but it had a dullness to it I didn't especially like. So I changed my method. First I dabbed the sponge in the color I mixed, and then I dipped it into the Clear Finish container. At this point I rubbed it gently but firmly in circles around the area I wanted to cover up. I had to do a few tries to get the color just right, but if you rub it firmly with the Clear Finish it should come off even if it's been on for a few days. Now it looks better than I ever hoped for. In most areas, it looks like it had never been scratched in the first place! And a place where there was a gouge, you can barely see it anymore (I did not use the Vinyl Adhesive though, so I cannot comment on the effectiveness of that substance).

Now my Coach bag is like new! I'd highly recommend this for an inexpensive way to fix your nice leather.

Note: The stuff dries somewhat quickly inside and especially outside of the container - be sure to put the caps back on when you can!"
Worked well.
Very poor material after I used 3 times it looks like sheep I well put a pic you can what I am talk in about .no good it all I put 0 star better I could not
"It does a decent job, but the real benefit is the customer service, who advised me on the best way to fix my seat, and sent additional product to ensure a good finish. The least I can do is leave a positive review. Besides that, it did a decent job of patching a seat with a long tear, missing color, and missing foam. It isn't perfect, but it will do the job."
Was pretty easy to use.  Seems like the color will last.  Has a bit of a learning curve involved.  Glad I don't need to repair our leather often.
didnt use order wrong item
I still have to clean them up a bit but it appears to be working well! I bought stupid unfinished leather boots so scratched my first day wearing them but paid over $100 so tried to save them. I'll let everyone know how it is after I put the clear coat and wear!
"The kit came with everything that was advertised.  The bottles containing the colors are very small, but sufficient to cover several small areas or one large depending on how much of each color you need to mix to achieve the desired shade.  That's where MY problem comes in.  I could never get a good match to my damaged leather's color.  Also, there is a clear coat to apply after your color and the instructions say to apply it with a paper towel.  Disaster-I ended up with ""fuzzies"" stuck to my patch."
"way too little provided and the sponge is ridiculously small too.  However, I used it for a couch.  If it was just for a shoe or purse, it would probably be fine."
Product fair
"Haven't used it yet, but it looks good."
"I bought this product to fix a burgundy sofa, the red in this kit was an awful pinkish/red in which I could not blend to get the right color I needed.  The black was thicker than the other colors & had solidified pieces.  This product is crap, don't waste your money."
The product left a big paint spot in the middle of our leather pillow. It looks terrible.
Tough to use well.
This is the best product I came across. It made my leather sofa look brand new again. If you are looking to fix/repair your sofa I would say buy this product. That's why I give it five stars
Received in good shape. Thanks Bob
I bought this and did not have much luck.  It is a mess to mix and the color doesn't last.  There is a much easier way...brown leather scratches = brown shoe polish paste.  Works great.
This leather paint stuff sucks. There is hardly any paint to touch up my leather couches and I would have been better off purchasing leather stain at Tandy Leather.
"This was truly a fantastic purchase!  Our brand new leatherette couches were damaged when being delivered. It was just as good as the other reviewers said!  It was easy to use, matched perfectly, and has lasted a long time!  Also, a lot of the damage were 1/4 inch in size, and this product filled it in."
Terrible. My son could only lay wirh it 2 or 3 days.
I have not had much luck with matching the color but will keep trying.
Did the job at first. Not very happy now that  am wearing the shoes. It seems to peel a little.
Not as good a product that I thought it would be.
Useless.
Used this item to repair our beat up and battered leather sofa and easy chair. Works well.
Received it thanks
works great.
"I was skeptical that this stuff would do the job, but it is AMAZING for scratch repair. Very pleased. I buffed it with a soft dry microfiber cloth to blend/remove excess when I was finished and you CANNOT tell where minor scratches were. My couch looks new!"
"I think it is not the product, it is me who just can't make this work. After watching a lot of Utube videos on how to apply, it worked and look fine (color was a bit off). However, after a few months the paint wears off and the old scratches are back, and not it looks worst than without..."
Took the colour off the leather settee
"It worked! It didn't look like it would and I actually over thought it but when you get it....read the directions and mix the color and do it! Then, after it dries, seal it and you will be happy!!!  Don't judge the book by the cover!  I used it after finger nail polish remover stripped my color from my leather recliner and you can not tell my leather chair was ever hurt but, when the package arrived, it looked like a pre-schooler was coming over! Thankful and loved the results!!!!!"
"Great product for the money! I had a patch of very obvious discoloration on my sofa. My sofa is dark Marion brown. I mixed brown, red and black and got the exact match, pretty close. The discoloration is not noticeable at all. It's wonderful. I'm very please with the product and would recommend it to anybody. The wonderful thing is if you make a mistake you can rub it off with water and do it again. If it dries up just use nail polish remover and you can peel it off and redo. That's how I did mine and got the perfect color."
This was perfect....can't even tell it has been repaired! Amazing!
"This product works. Even I could do it. That says something. I had to try many times, though, but I didn't expect to get it in one shot. I had scruffed up a quarter-sized circle on my couch and it bothered me, so I decided to give it a try. The most challenging part was getting the right beige color mix (white + brown).. It took me 20 tries, each time using the clear finish to erase, but finally I got it!
So far the touch up has stayed put (has been 6+ months now). It didn't dry up and fall off as some others have said. Might come back and add some pics."
"I was a bit skeptical about ordering the product even though the product had good reviews. Our cat had left some noticeable claws marks and scratches on some very expensive dark leather living room furniture. After using the repair kit I would say the claw marks are barely noticeable (even to me). It filled in the small puncture marks as well as the much longer scratches, some 3-6"" long. I'm very pleased with the results. My only suggestion is that I wish they would offer different finishing options with the sealer clear coat. The clear coat appears to be a high gloss finish that stood out until I toned it down with some dark brown shoe wax. It would be nice to have a choice using either a satin or gloss clear coat. Other than that, I'm very pleased with the results."
LOVE THIS. I GOT THIS FOR MY COUCH/SOFA AND CHAIR. WE HAVE A DOG. IT MAKES SCRATCHES IN THE LEATHER REALLY FINE. THIS WORKS GREAT
Worked as expected.
all as promised
"We had a tiny nick in our vinyl covered chair. Bought this brand because so many of the other repair kits said to use an iron to set the repair. Didn't feel comfortable using an iron on vinyl and this kit didn't require that. This kit came with several plastic cups of paint of different colors which you mix together to get the desired color to match your project. That was a bit tricky, you only need a tiny bit of color to mix with the white. But I managed to get the color very close to what I needed. Nobody but me knows there was a nick but it was very small. A larger repair will probably be noticed but no repair comes out looking just like new. I would buy this again."
works like a charm.
"I ordered this kit in order to patch up holes in my new leather couch that were put there by our cats. I figured that I could at least try to repair the poke holes and if it didn't work, no real loss because the price of the kit is fairly cheap compared to other brands.

Last night, I used the black color, which matches our couch perfectly. I followed the directions exactly except that I did use a hair dryer to dry the color, and then the clear coat, quickly.

My thoughts:

The whole process is a sloppy one. Wear gloves or fight the stains on your fingers. The sponge included is very small but manageable. The brush is virtually useless, in my opinion. The kit does not include near enough of the clear coat/sealant. Try to use it sparingly so you don't run out! Be careful about ""thinning"" the dye too much - the directions say to add a few drops of water to thin, but I thinned it too much and had to add more dye to thicken it back up.

The holes don't show unless I get up close. You can really feel them if you run your hands over them. We have our couch in the family room where the lighting is a bit more dim most of the time, so I'm not hyperventilating about the fact that it's not perfect. However, if I had the couch in the living room where there are a lot more windows, I might be concerned. Of course, the holes are a result of naughty kitties and not the touch up kit. I doubt that you can fix punctures in leather completely unless you buy something way more expensive or hire a professional.

The bottom line is that I was neither disappointed or overly satisfied with the kit. It helped hide the holes with more black dye but did not cover over them enough to make the couch seem new or refurbished. Would I buy it again? Probably not. I would likely go with a product that promised more even if it did cost more money."
"Mixing the color to fix a tear in my Buick leather was the hardest part as it was a shale color. I kept adding different colors to come up grayish, tan cream color. The color wasn't a perfect match for the 5 areas I did but very close. Cheaper than taking it to a upholstery shop by a long shot. Being PATIENT is the key doing the task. The Liquid Leather Color Pen Kit is made by this company which I bought also. Haven't tried it yet."
took some effort and you have to have a sense of color and mixing but it came out just right. all little goes along way in mixing.
"I bought this to touch up my leather couch. There was not enough of the color to do a large peice. The color stained rather than blended into the leather, no matter how much I rubbed. The color assortment included blue and white and yellow but not enough black and brown. It worked ok on touching up some shoes but that was not what I bought it for. I do not recommend this product."
"Not quite enough color to mix in a two small container, but it works."
Very cheap.
Works just fine.
Tried it and it worked well. I couldnot findthe color chart but figured it out on my own. Recommended.
it was completely dried out - great seller
previous tenant hosed sofa bed and did crappy job trying to cover it up with black magic maker then brown magic marker....this kit let me fix it right...now if you didn't know where the idiot hosed it you would never know....
I needed this kit to do some repairs. I used this on my leather couch. They worked just fine. Thanks
Works fine but glue is water soluble. Could potentially be a problem for things like jackets that get wet.
It works as it should be working
"Just used it, worked okay but not enough clear coat for the amount of color they give you.  I'm left with enough color to use again but without clear coat it's useless."
difficult to match color
Used the  product &  it's okay on small  surface  scratches....from a  distant its not  noticeable  but  close  up  you  can  see the  slight  touch  up....
"Amazing stuff.  I used it to refresh a Coach wristlet purse that has sentimental value as a gift.  I've had it for 5 years plus, and it was getting worn after much use.  Following the instructing on the kit, it looks like new again, and I like the shininess that the clear coat adds.  I will update this review if the finish does not last.  I would expect it to last a year at least, with frequent use, so we will see."
I thought this was a great product for the price. It worked as advertised. The most important thing is to not rush and take the time to match the color properly. My chair was dark brown so it wasn't too much mixing required to get an exact match. I did one coat and waited until the next night to apply a second coat. It came out really good. I thought I was going to have to throw my comfortable office chair out because it had a few tears in the seat and on the arms but now I can keep it for awhile longer since it looks so much better now.
i used this product in my car. One I was able to match the colour. It worked really well. You need to apply it in several coats. I'm satisfied.
Great product.
DID NOT WORK ONLY MADE THE AREA LOOK WORSE!
Do Not Waste Your Money!!!
I am pleasantly surprised by this kit. I've used it on two large areas on my faux leather couch and they look great! Must better than I'd ever expected. I have only had it a couple weeks but so far the durability is great as well. I'd recommend.
This stuff rocks! It was so easy to use and covered up the cat scratches in my end chair - very excited to have my chair restored to new!
Hard to use
never matched and by the time you get close you run out.
This product worked far better than I could have imagined.  It was easy to mix the colors to blend with my leather couch and chair.  Very happy with the results.
"This ACTUALLY works! I was very skeptical when I bought it considering the price but so far so good I was able to get the exact color match without having to mix any colors and you will have to look real hard to see the difference in the recolored area. The only thing I m concerned about is durability. I m not sure how long it will hold up to wear and tear, which is the only reason I didn't give 5 stars! But I would recommend this product without any reservations."
I'm glad I have it but to be honest I haven't used it yet.. Anything other than a marker is Gd enough for me..!!
"It works OK, but like all these tools I suspect that the key to success is experience. I have a decent capability to color-mix by eye from Art school, but the actual application left a so-so repair (still better than a rip though)."
Product arrived with paint and supplies in a cardboard box. NOT in what the picture shows. 2 of the paints were dried out. Would not buy from again
Great product. Delivered on time and worked as expected.
Worked like a charm on a good size cut in our leather couch. Crisis adverted (I caused the tear) in our home
Did not meet my expectations this is not workable
"My newish Ashley leather couch started losing coloring where my husband typically sits. Don't ask me how that happened but it is his fault. I have used markers, sharpies and even furniture stain pens to correct the issue. I am glad I bought this kit. I worked perfectly and I am thankful for the color chart. It helped me mix the correct formula to match my couch color."
"My initial impression of this is it's going to be a bad product. I received it yesterday and it looks nothing like the picture. Just some small vials of paint tossed in a clear plastic bag.

Performance review to follow. I'm not holding my breath."
Awesome
"Get some white glue, acrylic paint, vinyl strips with different grains, and a sponge paint brush.  That's what's in the package and very tiny amounts of each.  Put the white glue on the tear (use a piece of fabric underneath if you need to, put the slick side of the vinyl grain piece against it and let it dry.  Peel the vinyl off slowly and paint the glued spot with acrylic paint.  There.  Now no one needs to buy this kit."
This item arrived missing 1 or 2 things that were supposed to be in the kit.  I have only used it to fix a small hole in a parking brake boot.  Worked well considering the price.
good
Good Deal Well Dealt - Thank you!
"If you are an artist who regularly mixes paints of different colors to achieve a new color, you will delight in this product.  For the rest of us who are not color-mixing gifted, getting the right shade is problematic, especially given the small amount of primary color paint provided. Don't expect to be able to re-do large areas of leather...this is clearly just a touch up kit."
"I fixed 2 of my leather chairs with this and they look so much better.  However, I'll need to do it again because it does wear off.  Next time I'm going to use the liquid that came with the package to fix the chairs before I apply the color again."
"Lupin, Lupon and Leppan."
Good product. Good price. Shipped fast.
No good
Very nice product
I was expecting a professional product so I could repair a few very minor tears in my leather couch/love seat from my two kids. What I received in the mail looks sort of like a toddler art project. I think using black nail polish could have easily gotten the same result... blah :/
Not the most natural effect but at least it covers scratches.
Hard to mix color exactly. Doesn't last.
"The product came in a plain brown cardboard box, not as shown. Inside the box were thrown some plastic containers of paint that looked like some child's play set. The typed instructions referenced a ""color chart"" on the reverse side, but none were to be found. Luckily the scratch that I tried to repair is not very big, but I should have just left it as is instead of trying to use this ""kit."" Don't waste your time with this product."
So far so good. Easy instructions. Looks great. Don't know how it will hold up yet but happy to this point.
This is a horrible product....I received little bottles of paint that you would get in a kids color kit at the dollar store....not even worth rating....maybe a negative 5 stars
"Very disappointed.  Looks more like a paint by numbers set.  Cheap and junkie.

Tim"
"I finally came across this amazing Touch Up Kit!  This is the greatest Leather Touch Up that is out on the market. It works wonderful as stated. The other brands don't work, and it just makes it look worse. Thanks again for JM Sourcing. JM Sourcing has great products and speedy delivery."
"Waste of time and money, guess nothing is easy anymore."
"Great Product and worked well to repair worn color change on a leather couch.
ONLY 2 Stars because of Terrible Support and Missing Instructions for use.

Instructions referred to a color chart on the reverse side that was blank.  An email and phone message to the company have not been returned."
big mess to use.
Item is being returned. It is only enough to cover a small area. I need to fix a sofa.
awesome
Works wonders.
Works very well if you can get the color right!
Worked great! Especially for the price!
Not very impressed you better understand colors.
Great product. Works as avertised.
Gre! at
Very hard to use. Needed cream but a little yellow in the white turned it all orange.
This product doesn't work as advertised.  After a few weeks the product peals like a scab.  Don't waste your money!
Does not work as I thought it would
Did the trick
"I order this product for my leather couch. My cat had scratched a small area. I followed the manufactured direction.  After it dried I notice it was peeling and flakiness. Don't waste your money. It peeling even more....mess up couch,  I can see the cloth!"
"Works great, you might need two if you have a big spot to patch"
Hard to match
you get what you pay for
It's a pretty good product.
"I used this on a Lazy Boy navy blue leather chair because the seat leather was developing white cracking. The product seems to be just acrylic paint, but I mixed it up & painted it on. I wiped it off the leather with a damp cloth before it dried so it just stained the cracks. The next day I used neutral shoe polish to bring up the shine. The chair looks like new. But I do think you could do the same with any acrylic paint."
This product helped to fill in and match the color of the leather.  I had severe cat scratches it helped to hide.  You can still feel the scratches but they are not visible.  This product was definitely less expensive than replacing my leather sectional.
"I had a small corner type tear on the side of a vinyl chair - glued the edges together let it dry for a couple days and used the white color to cover the visible edge. Gave it 3 coats of color - coat then dry then coat etc. and anyway finished with clear coat. If I look very close I can still see where the tear was but others cannot find it - so it's cool. That's the only time I used this kit and it did the job beautifully, but I can't speak to a tear where there would be pressure or movement like on the seat itself."
Very useful
just cheap stuff....  you need a lot of patience and talent to use it
Thanks
This liquid leather touch up worked wonders on my sofa! I love it
"Not too bad of a product, not too good either.  It's actually quite difficult to mix colors together to try and match your individual leather color perfectly.  But in the end, I was able to make the kit work ok.  I'm not sure how long the repair will actually last, but for now I at least managed to make the damaged leather look much better."
I wish I would've bought this stuff a long time ago!!!! It was so easy to use and fixed up an expensive used purse I bought on ebay and now it looks perfect!!!
"I was impressed with this product, but I think it makes a difference what color you are trying to match.  I had a hard color to match and didn't spend much time on this part of my project.  I would have probably gotten much better results if I had!  :)  Bought some more to try it again, though!"
This product exceeded my expectations.. Worth it!!
Returned as some of my kit was hardened when opened.  Received refund.
"it was just okay.. the colors were minimal the most, not even enough to last one or 2 coats on a small surface.
Once dry, it left this dry hard coarse feeling instead of the expected smooth finishing, which i expected."
"I had 2 chairs with large areas of damage from cleaning. While this didn't make it look new, it made it look like aged leather. I would buy this again. Mixing the colors took quite awhile to get the right shade. I did two coats. Slightly darker the first day, let it dry, went over it with another slightly lighter the next. Let it dry a day then added the clear coat. 3 months later, it still looks good."
Nine item. Thanks
My couch literally poops this stuff on my floor  when someone stands up or sits down on my couch. SUCKS THE BIG ONE!
"Not exactly what I was expecting.  It took a long time to use, wasn't the easiest to color match and then left noticeable marks all over the leather furniture I used it on."
"This is just a tiny repair lit, for attempting to fix very small damaged areas. It comes with primary colored ""dye"" that you have to try to match yourself. I wanted something to restore the color on a well used purse and this mess isn't it. It would be extremely difficult to use for it's intended purpose."
better instructions for mixing would help
Dont waste your money.  Absolutely worthless.
"This product is amazing! My dogs had seriously scratched our bonded leather furniture and it looked awful. I researched many products before resting on this one though didn't expect much. I bought 2 kits based upon other reviews about small pots of product. Luckily for me the brown pot exactly matched the color of our furniture so I didn't have to mix any colors. I found it best to use a little water on the sponge applicator to spread the product and it worked great. Would consider using a sponge type paint brush in the future, though as the applicator got messy. I covered a lot of area and still have some brown left over for touch ups. Will need more sealer, though. This inexpensive product has saved us from needing to buy new furniture. You can not even tell the repair was made. It looks almost brand new! I am impressed and will keep some on hand for scratches and routine touch ups. I can not recommend this highly enough. I did not have to use the repair patch so can not comment on that."
not bad
"I really expected a lot with this product. When I opened it, it's literally a tub of elmer's glue to smudge over any cracks in the leather and then a few small plastic vials of paint. Just go buy that stuff at walmart - it would be cheaper."
"Wow- I was a little scared at first, but this touch up kit works well.  It took a little fiddling with the color to get the green I needed, but I was able to go over the first coat that was a little too blue with the right color.  Does my couch look new? Of course not, but it does a pretty good job of hiding the scratches and holes."
Didn't work real well on a larger spot of naugahyde.  :(
"Not very good for leather,disappointing"
Worked GREAT!  I had foolishly used nail polish remover on my brown leather couch to try to get a small drop of nail polish off.  The brown color wiped off the couch along with the nail polish!  I mixed up the brown and black to get the deep brown color that I needed and applied according to directions.  The leather looks like it did originally.  I am so happy now because I thought I ruined our couch that we have had for less than a year!
This saved me! The color mixing is a little confusing.  you should try to mix its under bright light and compare it to the overall finish once you have it close then use white and black to play with the shade I made a dark base and overlaid some normal brown to give it a natural leather look that the couch had.the sponge is awesome applicator
"This product does not allow you the ability to match your item, terrible quality, terrible product."
worked great
"Actually works quite well. May appear a bit more shiny that a dull leather, but way better than a wear spot or scratch."
It did its job
"Didnt expect too much to start with, its just a okay product as repairs are still visible."
I was very impressed. This item worked really well.
"For minor repairs, this works wonderfully!  I had some scuffs on some leather boots and was able to hide/repair them very well with this kit.  I haven't tried the more ""in-depth"" uses, ie using the leather swatches that come in this kit, but the paints works well and is very easy to use on minor abrasions."
Results were less then satisfying.
"Most of the color mixes require white as the base - there is only one small tube of white.  The mix formulas are very limited and they do not have them per vehicle specs so you are left to your own color chemistry.  In addition the formulas are not very specific ie add a touch of black, etc. My color chemistry apparently is not good.  After a few tries I still could not get the color to match - since I had nothing left - I applied.  The application was easy with the included instruments.  The scuffs went away albeit with an off-color match.  It still looks better than the scratch and scuff marks before. They need to somehow have online or somewhere better mixing formulations and/or mixing instructions.  And they need to add more containers or a larger container of white."
"Like it says, ""we love it""!  It cleaned up an old Desk Chair that my husband said to ""throw out"" and it looks like new.  Hooray for a great product."
"Easy mixing instructions and looks good, for a brief time.  Then it flakes off and you are left with the same problem.  Temporary solution at best."
not bad.
"Works great takes some  trial and error but no big deal , just order two time more than what u need! The clear coat is the key ."
"I have a beautiful espresso couch, bonded leather, but the veneer was flaking and peeling off. I removed the lose veneer and painted this stuff on and no joke this stuff makes it look like a brand new couch. Flexible and sturdy coating."
Great product my sofa is like brand new after this Touch up kit. Thanks
"This kit did what it was supposed to do, but the final step is to put on a clear coat to protect the color that you've applied. There is not NEARLY enough of that included."
Does not hold up. Started cracking two days later.
Purchased this product to touch up scratches and marks on a cream Michael Kors handbag. Worked perfectly. I'm really happy with the results.
Great
Surpassed my expectations.  I wish I had found this years ago.
Good for small jobs. A bit difficult to match colors (I'm not an artist) but I couldn't get the proper shade of white. Not bad for the money though.
"Jury is still out on this product....I attempted a repair on my leather cigar chair and will need to try it again.  The color mixing is fine.  the step/process with the texture lift off paper is the challenge.  I had three spots on the chair, so had there pieces of texture paper on the chair.  The first piece I took off in the amount of time as directed, but it didn't come off perfectly.  The second two pieces I left on longer and both piece of texture paper stuck to the repair mixture.  So when I removed it some of the paper stayed stuck on the repair spot.  I'm going to try again and re-review at a later date..."
Don't give you enough white
miniscule containers of paint with a piece of leather. Don't bother.
Don't waste money.
"Repairs and color matching are difficult to achieve.  Another ""looks good in print and on TV"" but is not worth the money or time."
"I was a little scheptical at first if I would be able to achieve a matching color mixing the dyes to repair my couch, but it turned out identical and the touch up is unoticeble. I was so proud of the result after I finished. I couldn't believe I did it myself.
Great product. I recomend !"
"The patches are SO tiny, is this for a doll house couch???"
"I used the product to touch up my car steering wheel.  It worked initially, but it is definitely a temporary solution as it starts to peel pretty quickly after the first application."
I used it to restore wear on the piping of an antique Coach bag--filled in the worn pieces with the liquid vinyl and put the coloring over it.  It worked beautifully and the repaired seams have worn very well.
It worked better than I expected. Now there is no need to purchase new couches. Thank you.
Great product
"I was thrilled to find how well this product worked. I touched up a little scratch on our chocolate brown leather couch and after seeing how well it worked, decided to try it on other items in my home. I was planning on replacing a leather wallet as it was looking a bit rough around the edges. I mixed up the paint, and dabbed it along the seams and worn spots. YAY! It worked! My wallet looks like new. I have told several friends and family members about this product. A real find in helping touch up and restore leather products in your home."
This product did a great job!
"We were pleased with the results, great kit."
Too complicated to match colors
THIS PRODUCT IS GOOD FOR FILLING HOLES IN SHEETROCK...NOT BLENDING IN FURNITURE...POS!
I ripped my leather jacket having one of my long nights :::wink::: had a nip around the elbow area....I've heard of this product before.....but apprehensive to try and fix an expensive jacket with an inexpensive product but figured I had nothin to lose.....ordered it it came pretty fast.....followed the directions.....and you can tell where I ripped it.....I'll pay you lol beautiful job then touched it up with a little color brand new.....now my expensive jacket looks expensive again.....
"Quick shipment, fair price. Product worked as described."
Does not work.
"Made a spot on our Broyhill leather couch completely disappear. I had wiped the leather seat with a washcloth with mild soap. The dye came off in one area. This touch up kit has it completely hidden so well, it's very hard to see where the spot had been."
"Here's the scoop: I've used these patch kits before and they work well for camoflague of a thin or minimally damaged area, especially on vinyl. I've used these kits on car seats and boat upholstery...  they come with several little containers of color so you will need to mix/match/test before going live with a cover-over patch. Do it right and you will never see it from the road.

For leather, I would recommend Tarrago dye, available in all colors and the best there is.. Straight dye or rub in cream.

If you have a major slit, rip or sewn seams pulling apart... THIS WON'T FIX IT by using it topically. For serious wounds, the cushion cover must be removed and patched from the underside, first...You can DIY if you are patient and will be cheaper than tossing $$$ at a pro... I use gorilla glue and heavy canvas tor underside patches and can elaborate on method should anyone be interested...

Just be aware of this products limitations. It's a good product but NOT  a rip/tear/hole fixer. Done right, you will never see the patch. Not a quick-easy fix but in the repair- solution arsenal."
Looked good at first but wore off soon after. I was using it on my viynl couch and has better luck just using modge podge glue.
"For what it is, it works.  I bought it to patch up a black leather couch and white leather bed frame.  So, mixing colors was not something I had to battle with.  That said, the white wasn't quiiiite as white as my couch, hence only 4 stars.  It was close enough though.  I can't say it made it look new, but my rule of thumb is: if you don't notice it from the middle of the room, then don't let it drive you crazy.  The packaging is definitely lack luster and doesn't look as advertised (at least when I bought mine), but who really cares.  It just came with what you need in a little faceless box.  I will say, I put the textured slip on the wrong way like a total idiot, and that created more problems for me as it basically sealed paper into the leather.  So.. don't do that :)."
Kind of you get what you pay for.
Very small kit! I never used it because it was to small for what I needed it dor
took a little work but worked great
thanks save my $3000 leather couch
I purchase this leather kit to touch up a sneaker I used to work with and I am happy this thing do what I want it to do get one soon.
Good match for very small areas.
"I'm actually really surprised how good this kit is! I recolored my leather steering wheel...all black...it would've been nice if i had a little more black paint but it was just enough to give the wheel 3 coats...as for the clear finish, it was just barely enough for 2 coats and it would've been nice if it came in matte...for the price you cannot go wrong...I'll update in a month on how the color is holding up!"
Used as directed. Good product.
Everything else I tried wore off over time.
"With a little work, I was able to mix the color that matched my friend's leather couch perfectly.  There is a color guide included with the instructions to help you work your way towards what you believe the color of the item is.  In my case, it was closet to 'butterscotch.'  This really helped because I had no idea which colors to mix!

I wasn't able to use the texture paper effectively, but I was able to get a decent finish with the supplied foam applicator.  Two thick coats, and the repair is invisible across the room, and looks decent up close.  In fact, my friends didn't even notice the repair (lived with it for a week!) until I told them where it was (front of couch cushion)."
The color is not easy to apply and it wears off very quickly.
does the job but not enough to do a big area.
Okay
"didn't see that many reviews for this other than couches, so i thought it would be helpful to share my experience using this for accessories. i originally bought this for my alexander wang bag, which is made of calf skin leather so its extremely delicate. my bag was only a year old but the color was already starting to turn brown. the color mixing process was very easy. it can get a bit messy when working with a slouchy bag but it dries very quickly. this is the holy grail product for bag lovers! I'm now using this for scuffed up boots."
buy it if you want to experiment - it takes a while to get to an exact match on your existing furniture.  Product is good.
Works surprisingly well.  It does not bond the materials but is a good cover up.
It's not very effective...maybe I did something wrong also.... I feel like their should be more product it's like a tease!
Very small containers but they do match the so called leather ok. If you have large areas probably need to get bigger kit.
"The colors possible with this set were excellent, however, it doesn't quite make the mark on the leather footstool invisible. I followed the instructions exactly and used the patches to make the texture match as close as possible to the original. It dries and becomes pretty hard, which makes it very easy to notice the patchwork that was done. It also didn't hold the pattern very well, and it's a little difficult to apply with the tools that were given. Maybe if I'd had more practice, but I was hoping for a better color match. The color mixture examples that were given didn't even have a variant for dark brown, and I had to mix and re-mix to get a close approximation of the original color by eying it."
"My Mom scratched up her brand new leather handbag.  It's off-white and the scratch was very prominent.  I bought this kit from amazon and I was expecting it to cover the scratch but not seamlessly.  After I was done with it, you can't even see where the scratch was.  It did a perfect job.  I think it's great for any small area.  I'm not sure how it will work on a larger spot, but for small scuffs and scratches, this is a great kit."
Worked pretty good.....hard to match red though? ??
"Had a small tear on my black leather couch.
Repaired it with liquid leather, the repair is not flawless but it's not that bad. Repair is a little hard. Not sure how long it will last but I guess I'll wait and see. But for the price I guess it's worth it."
Repaired bleached out spot on my leather couch. Can't even tell it was ever damaged.
"This product did not work at all.  I carefully followed the directions, but it did not work as advertised.  The glue did not hold properly and the paint does not look at all like leather.  It looks like school glue and paint.  After a couple of days, it started peeling off, making my couch look worse than before I attempted to repair it.  I don't write bad reviews unless a product is so terrible that I feel prospective buyers need to be warned.  This is awful and I'd hate to see anyone waste their money.

On the plus side, my creative daughter used the leftover colors to paint pretty pictures on her tablet cover and if it's used only as paint for a decorative project, it works well for that purpose."
work like i thought it would ok for the money
Waste of money
Works well and inexpensive alternative to a shop
"Really a great product. I had a black Leather ottoman that I was handed down. Living with a bunch of college kids, it's got pretty ripped and torn. I bought this product hoping that I would be able to bring some life back into it. It worked perfect. It's not a whole lot of paint, and there are some limitations in the colors. It comes with a mixing chart, but I would be a little hesitant to be mixing colors on a tough to match piece of leather. If you have the standard black, dark brown, cognac, and other straight forward colors, then I would strongly recommend it."
"Awesome product! I had two small places on my leather couch missing the color. It took about ten minutes of mixing to get the right match.  A top notch fix, very happy!"
It really does not do the job unfortunately :(
"Ive only used the black color. I give 4stars because i went out and bought better brushes. Yes, a brush was included in the kit but it was clunky. I bought thinner brushes for more intricate work. I also bought more empty containers for color mixing. There was only one empty container in the kit. I got nice coverage with the black. I would recommend this product."
great
"I had my doubts but it worked like a charm! I was covering up some minor scratches and wear, no holes, on a couch and armchair. The color of our leather is a gunmetal color and we were able to match it perfectly. Would definitely recommend this product."
"I bought this kit to ""repaint"" sandals that I bought that were too orange for my taste. So I followed the instructions on the box, went ahead and mixed the colors until I obtained the shade of brown I wanted, carefully painted them with the brush, and Voila! The containers of paint are pretty small, but it's surely because it is intended for touch-ups. It did a good job for me."
Honestly it didn't work and the colors didn't mix well.  The paint kept rubbing off and it made the furniture look even worse.
"Would not buy, did not hold up"
waste of money unless you have a 1-7 inch scratch you want touch up
"Could not get it to match no matter what we did, waste of money..."
It's basically a 6 color acrylic paint set with a few bells and whistles I didn't really need. I'd rather just buy the exact shade I need from a craft store.
We had a leather chair that was losing color in a couple of places.  We were able to mix a color that matched very well and it is staying that color.
"this is a great product but....it needs to have more white in it.  that is the color you'll need the most of,because it's very hard to match the colors.. there should be 3 bottles of white included, and not just one. for the price it should have more than 1 bottle of white. you also should have a choice of more colors."
"This didn't work for my leather couch repair. The instructions were clear, and I did a lot of research, but the repair still looked cheap. With all the time and effort I put in, paying more to have the repair professionally done was a much better value."
"I used this kit to touch up the scratches along the dashboard edge after replacing a car radio. I needed a light tan color, which I was able to get after several trial and error (and clean up) attempts. The small mixing cup is kind of a messy, but workable. Be aware that the final color when dried may be slightly different than when mixed...in my case that was a plus, as it dried a little darker and helped to match. For the price, this is a good touch up kit for small jobs. Just be patient."
"If you expect this product to be an exact match or the hole to look like it NEVER happened, this is probably not for you, But for a good cover or repair, I have to say I've been very happy with the results. I burned a hole (cigarette) in my cream colored ""faux leather"" car seat. Mixing took a lot of patience. some artistic ability to match the color, and I had to apply several coats, but to my surprise, the patch is hardly noticeable. My husband couldn't remember where the burn was when I showed him a month later - I had to point out WHERE the hole used to be. I sometimes forget the hole was there and I see the back seat everyday. I definitely saved money compared to what I would have spent with a professional. If you have patience and some sense of mixing colors - you should be fine with this kit. I recommend mixing your color in sunlight with a piece of the leather/vinyl you're trying to match. Sofas and chairs usually have a spare square underneath. Worse case scenario, the color is off a tad. In day-to-day wear/tear I can't give much opinion since the patch is on a BACK car seat with little traffic - but for me I saved way more money than if I had it repaired at the shop. Saving the kit for future ""incidents""."
I gave this 3 stars because of a couple of reasons. The mixing cups and too small and can get messy. They should also give you the options of ordering certain colors. I  used 2 and disposed of the rest.  I had a large area to repair color on a leather chair and I only had enough to do one coat. It did make a big difference though.
"To make off white -  a drop of black added to white = grey, OR a drop of brown added to white = pink. No color result even remotely close to off white. I kept trying and modifying and the closest I got to off white was lavender. It's almost comical. Now the one tiny container of white is gone and I am left with Crayola colors which I sure will come in handy when I buy items that are crayon colored and need them repaired."
pretty much forget the instructions they are useless.  I actually went to YouTube and looked at some videos.  I believe next time I would just have a professional do the job.
I was a little skeptible  about this product . I followed the instructions and the leather arm rest on my office chair came out perfect and  matches the rest of the chair. I would not hesitate to recommend this product to anyone that needs a repair or touch up.
"I purchased this product to repair a small hole in a decorative pillow.  The color looked good when I initially mixed it but when it dried it definitely was not the color I wanted.  I ended up going over the color with a brown stain to closer match the color.  The finished repair is very hard and shiny versus the soft, non-shiny texture of the rest of the pillow.  It looks terrible and I would not recommend this product.  I will be replacing my pillow now since it looks so bad."
"Not worth the money, cheap little caps of different colors.  You need yo mix the colors, finger painting ! The Worst !"
"Liquid leather is AMAZING!!!!! Mixed colors to get the right shade, applied it to the area needing touch up and voila  a miracle! Seriously this stuff is wonderful and I would highly recommend it ."
I loved this product.  It did exactly as advertised.  I used it to color in a leather chair where the color had worn off from head rubbing.  I would use it again if needed.  The instructions were easy to follow.  Can't say enough good things about this product.
Great for touching up.  I have to reapply every so often but it's till way cheaper than having a professional come out.
"I needed an exact match and this kit allowed me to mix and match. A little tedious to get the right color, but worth the time. Not enough time yet to tell how long it lasts."
First off the leather color are small very very small paint containers like the ones a 4 year old gets with a paint by number set. Second it did not work. The mixing of colors never give you the right color and once you put it on it looks like a patch job. I ended up getting magic mender and was able to cover up what I had already done with this kit on my leather chair and now my once cat clawed arm was once again a brand new exact color matched chair. Don't buy this. The price is cheap cause so is the outcome. You get what you pay for. Magic mender was 59.00 but it came with a lot larger amount of paint and an exact color match plus a sander and compound cream etc. for cat claws or more cracks and or rips then magic mender is for you. For a small rip or scratch where even a non color match won't be noticed then buy this cheaper kit.
"First of all, the packaging is dramatically different. The vinyl repairing material is too little for very small scratches. I will try something else."
"Not enough product. It came with several little dye colors, that were even after mixed not enough to dye anything other than something nvery small."
"I purchased Liquid Leather to repair my favorite pair of shoes . I was able to
match the color exactly and salvage my shoes."
"did a decent job, i think that the repair kit is for certain types of leather. the synthetic leather sofa that i tried to repair did exactly come out to the color that i wanted it to. It is harder to match the color of some shades than it looks like."
I needed the white collor and I received it with the lid opened. Did my best to put it on my tennis shoes and after few say of drying....it washed away in the rain....from the car to the house. Waste of money....I do not recomend it.
save your money . this  comes with a bunch of colors you have to mix and when you put it on area it dries hard and will probably crack
"So I have a vinyl couch that is 9 years old, and there were(I chose the word ""were"" due to the fact that this product really works) many spots where the color had faded/worn completely due to wear and tear. There was a large spot on the upper cushion where my husband would sit where the color was nearly gone. I had a throw that I had placed over the couch to conceal the flaw. I kept telling my spouse that I was ready for a new couch, but I decided to do some research first. When I came across this product I was skeptical, but for the price I figured I had nothing to lose.

Mixing the color was the hardest part. My couch is brown, and the brown in the kit is pretty close. I ended up using the guide a little bit, but mainly went back to my elementary years is mixing colors until it was just right. I had more than enough paint to cover the large spot, plus many other areas of wear in the cracks and seams on the  couch. I used the sponge to apply the color in a blotting technique, due the the fact that leather kind of has a splotchy look anyway. I was very impressed with the results, and I would recommend this to anyone! It saved me buying a new couch. I took some before and after photos that I am hoping to upload, so you can see for yourself! I would buy this again in a heartbeat! The only reason I gave this 4 stars is because the color was tricky to mix, and some of the tools are unnecessary...."
"Best product out there. It match any leather color. Worth every penny A+
For car or furniture. Fast shipping highly recommend, A++"
It actually covers scrapes and gouges.  It blends in with the surface very evenly.  Great for people with vinyl couches and cats!
"I bought this to touch up a leather product. It worked great and the colors did not come off. The only issue is that its very small amounts and you have to be able to match the color, which I did have trouble. But the product itself is very nice.  I would buy it again if I had a need for either just black or white or something easier to match."
Not a repair kit.
"I was extremely skeptical that this would work, but took a shot because our two year old leather couch had spots where the color had peeled off and I didn't want to pay someone hundreds to fix it. I'll never buy Ashley furniture again, but that's another story.

Just brushed on the brown color and it matched perfectly and you can't see where it was applied. We are astounded. We went from having embarrassing spots to seamless leather. Buy this stuff if you have leather that needs repair. It works."
"I had several worn places on my leather sofa, as well as a large (silver dollar size) round area where I had accidentally spilled nail polish remover - and it had COMPLETELY stripped the dark brown stain from the leather.  Very disfiguring, and you can imagine how ""thrilled"" my husband was by this mishap.  I ordered this product, it came in very quickly, and by mixing the brown with the black with the little brush, I was able to repair both the worn spot AND the stripped spot completely.  You would have to know exactly where to look, and then look very closely, to even tell there had ever been a problem.  Basically - you can't tell.  The price is reasonable and the product is very easy to use.  THANK YOU for making it easy for me to correct this so I don't have to look at a pained expression on my husband's face anymore!"
"The dyes work as indicated, but you need experience with paints and colors to mix them properly.  If you buy this, practice as much as you can before trying to apply it.  You will need to let experimental efforts dry for a day or so before reaching conclusions.  I would not buy this again as I don't have the expertise to use it right."
I have a white leather couch that needed some touch up. I would need far more of the white for it to have worked for me because you can easily see the touch up spots now so in order for it to work you would need to paint the whole section.
"This was a waste of my money, I did every thing the instructions said I also went on you-tube and watch a video how to apply and it was a HOT mess.  If i could I would send it back and get my money back."
"Did a decent job, but a little difficult to match color. Not bad though , better than having replace leather."
"Worked to recolor a spot on a  leather couch which had faded due to hair oil absorbed . Looks great, able to match the existing color."
this touch up is ok. I got a puppy and he scuffed up the bottom of my couch so I purchased this and It works well but its extremely messy. I did spill some on my carpet but it surprisingly came right up.
My new puppy scratched the front of my very expensive leather couch. I put this over the marks & now you can't even tell where the marks were.
It worked very well for what I needed it for.  I would highly recommend it to my friends and relatives.
"Was not easy to get a good application. I tweaked the way I applied it and finally got it to look almost o.k. but it dries hard and makes the whole thing look just like what it is, a bad repair job. This was on a very nice recliner on the arm. I'm sorry I ever tried this. I wished I had called a professional."
"If you need to make a repair on leather, as we did on a chair that is more than 75-years old, you will find what you need in this kit. Following the instructions and using a You Tube video for more advice, we are more than satisfied with the product and repair."
"The hardest part of using this product was of course the color matching, but I took my time and altered the color mix a little at a time and it came out to be a near perfect match, wife couldn't tell where the repair was don and she's very critical about how the furniture looks. Didn't use the clear cover because the leather repair would have shined more than the rest of the leather and it would have been very noticeable."
"I have used it a few times and in peels off too soon, in a few days it stars to peel!!"
"I little messy, but effective. A cheap alternative to calling a pro. I did my leather couch a year ago and it still looks good."
"i purchased this for my son.  i've used it before. but i am not aware if he not has, if so i'm not aware."
"It has enough variety of colors you should be able to match any color with enough trial and error, but they don't label the replacement v. test fabricks very well, and the finishing liquid didn't match the sheen of my plether sofa very well."
"I might have to order it again.  Having a problem finding GOOD leather touch ups in MEDIUM BROWN.  If anyone has information about this, please, share it with me!  Thanks."
"and one star for the product.  I was shorted an item in my kit, and they sent one right out.  However, this product didn't work."
The product was able to be color matched and did the job well. I would recommend it for quick repairs.
"I touched up 3 months ago and it still looks good. It was easy and effective and I would do it again.
The issue is the springs are broken, so to the kid play area the couch goes. It does look better and if they royally wreck it, I will mix up my paint and touch up again."
It was very difficult to match color required.  Although directions were given it was just a matter of guess and by golly on how much of each color to mix to get the color desired.  I wouldn't recommend this product to anyone.
"I have a leather couch, that I have managed to keep fairly good looking by using wax shoe polish to cover small scratches. However over time, we have some small areas  that I was not able to cover including a small paint spill. This product covered them well. Fairly easy to mix the paint and get a good match. Not noticeable and has not worn off."
"used on leather recliner. It took a few attempts, but finally got it right. Had to order two kits to have enough product."
"MY DAD HAS LEATHER COUCHES, WHO HAVE SOME BAD TEAR NOT TOO BAD , HE ORDERED THSI & IT COMPLETELY FIXED HIS PROBLEMS, NO MORE UGLY CRACKED COUCHES. DELIVERY WAS FAST"
"Worked great to cover worn areas where the leather had worn on our couch.  Only used the ""paint;"" didn't use patch."
"This was so easy and matched perfectly. My dogs tick medicine on his back took the color right out of the leather on the couch (cringe). It was obvious. This touch up kit made it  completely look back to normal. You would never know! Yes I had to blend the color myself but it was simple, came with color mixing directions. Super happy!!!"
Not only didn't it work. It looked worse after I used it than before. The color was a good match but it peeled
I had a rather expensive purse that had a small gouge in the leather and I was very skeptical if it could be fixed at all and was in a very noticeable spot.  Decided for the price to give this a try and I was pleasantly surprised!  Not only did it fix the gouge but I had a hard time seeing the repair.  The directions were clear and easy to follow and saved the purse and will no doubt come in handy to repair other items!
I got this as a last ditch effort to save my favorite boots that had some bad scuff marks...I figured it wouldn't hurt to give it a try.  I was impressed by how closely I was able to match the paint and how good it looks dry.
Not enough paint to fix a spot the size of  3in by 3in so if you need more it's not very cost efficient
Lucked out and didn't have to mix colors...the brown was a perfect match.  Have used it on three different chairs with 100 percent satisfaction.
This is not worth the money u pay. The paint is not good at all and there is not s chart or anything to match color to w leather. Product is horrible
"WOw, super easy to use.  It came with a chart on how to mix the special colored couch we have.  Best price.  Yes, you can do it."
"I bought this item cause I had a little nick in my leather furniture. I can say it took me a while how to use, I just wish it had more explanation on how to use. But, after I looked up on youtube on how to use this product. I can say it worked great. You have to add a little more paint on the area you are trying to fix. But I does works great, I am very satified with this product. It does give my recommendation."
"I have a faux-leather coffee table that was damaged in a move. I used the touch-up kit before my husband even had a chance to inspect the damage, and he can't see the fix. I matched it up so well with this kit that even when he's eyeballing the area, he can't point out the damage. This was a gouge, too, not just a scratch. I had to fill the hole with some of the material that's included for texturing. It worked out really well, and I was able to match the deep brown/red color perfectly. This was definitely an easier fix than going through the process of filling out a complaint and hoping that the moving company would pay for a replacement. (Yeah, right.)"
"definitely can tell I fixed a few spots, but in the evening you can't see a thing. It was easy for me because my leather is black .Sure better than the whitish spts fromm nailpolish remover and the damage i caused trying to chip off nail polish days later. Worth it"
"Liquid Leather Touch Up Recolor Kit was great.  Definitely a little intimidating at first since you have to mix your own color but it was very simple.  My couches look great! It's amazing how little time, effort and money I had to invest to make the couches look like new!  My one complaint was that there wasn't enough of the clear finish for the amount of dye.  All I had to do was contact the company using the email on the product instructions.  Immediately, the office manager responded and helped set me up to get more clear finish.  Great experience all around.  Effective, low cost product, and great customer service.  I highly recommend Liquid Leather Touch Up Recolor Kit."
"This kit actually worked pretty good for me.  It helped that my leather was black, so I did not have to do any mixing.  I had a black leather ottoman that had some rubbing alcohol spill and discolor it.  I followed the instructions and applied the black coloring (after mixing with a little water).  It took me 3 coats to get it all looking good,waiting 24 hours between coats.  The process does make the leather look more ""flat"" where the color was applied, but that is what the final clear coat finisher is for.  All in all, it certainly looks a whole lot better than it did.  I think after some time and wear, the treated and non-treated areas will get more similar."
"My use  was cosmetic. Could not get the right  color. it di fill in the lines, and the appearance is much better."
I follow the instructions and was easy. It did repair my leather chair. I wish it provided more gloss. Overall it was a good leather repair kit.
"for basic repairs so that the rips don't get any worse, this kit will take care of things, but you can pretty much go to the hardware store and get a tube of silicone and do the same job because this is basically what it is, and glue for the leather is horrible, its like the kindergarten elmers glue we used to have."
"completely covered 1 inch scuff marks on an old blue leather recliner. you need to be one of those people with an eye for color to get the mixing right. plus you need patience to mix, test, analyze, and repeat. this was especially hard to do on blue leather! if you have a leather piece you adore and are willing to work on I think you'll be happy with this product. I don't know of any alternatives that work as well."
works really good. I can mix colors to match my leather and touch ups and repairs are barely noticable. Nice little kit.
Used to recolor the leather shifter handle on my auto.  It worked very well for the price.  I would recommend it.
"The color was a good match for my burgundy bonded leather chairs in my kitchen nook dining area.  Mixing the colors was easy and withing minutes I had a color which was a good match.  However, the bonded leather was too fragile and within days new cracks appeared in the bonded leather and I was back to square one.  T-shirts now cover the damage.  The chairs are just too comfortable to toss out.  If the leather was somewhat recoverable, the touch up kit would probably have worked.  But it was too far gone.  Alas!!"
"I don't know why I thought I could mix my exact color of leather chair with a paint by number kit.
This definitely goes under failed purchases."
The corners of my Kate Spade bag were a little worn so I thought I would touch up the paint. The paint flakes off when dry.
This kit worked very nicely and I would recommend this to my friends. The cost was very good so good that wonder if it was going to work.
"This product is easy to use and you can mix any variation of colors. I am very pleased with how well it works to repair minor nicks and scuffs on my shoes. I haven't tried it yet on larger scrapes or cuts, but I'm sure it will work well."
"Doesn't work. Mixing was a pain. Couldn't get the right color. Even then, color did not stay mixed and settled out. Useless product."
its work very good mi friend bay this and his talk to my and try is really work so I recommend.
didn't help much to cover cracks in leather to make them match color of couch.  would really like to find a color matching the leather that is more like show polish---that truly works on leather!
I could not believe how well this product worked! I would certainly recommend it to anyone looking to repair a leather chair.
"I purchased this product to cover up extensive scratches on a pair of navy leather boots. You need to mix the color to match - it was a little messy, but there was a color guide that was very helpful, and I got the color close enough that you couldn't really tell I'd used it, especially out of direct sunlight. A good product in a pinch!"
it worked great but need to have more of the black and brown colors in the kit as that is what most people use
"It worked great. Mixing was easy, although my couch is a pretty standard dark brown. I had some huge scrapes on my couch where you could see the white fabric showing from underneath. We painted the areas with the mixture of dark brown and have not seen any issues so far."
"I had two small tears in the leather driver seat of my 10 yr old Murano. My seats are black so I cannot comment on any color mixing difficulties. The instructions were clear. The black backing material was perfect. The adhesive was perfect. The color cover to complete the repair was perfect and easily applied. No mixing required b/c color was basic black. For 10 bucks I could not have been more pleased with the results. I write this 1 week after the repair. The repair is solid and durable. I totally recommend.

Here is my 8 month followup for the technophobes out there. The repairs I made are holding solid. I am a very heavy individual at 300 lbs. The tears in my drivers seat are solid. This product is still highly recommended. I live in Phoenix and the average summer temperatures are 107 degrees. Inside of an automobile here means an average of 125 degrees month after summer month. Don't know what more durability one could look for."
I wasn't sure about this but thought I would give it a try.  Now don't get me wrong you can see the fix but it sure beats making the hole bigger and you really have to look hard to see the repair.  Mixing the exact color was not hard at all and I have a cream colored sofa
"I was amazed when I opened my package at what i saw!!
The product was in a zip lock bag with what appears to be a copy of directions printed on someones printer = If that's really what you want to call them.

This is by far the cheapest product I've ever seen, it literally looks like it was purchased at someones garage sale.

I'm shaking my head at all the positive reviews - They can't be real or something changed!"
"I was skeptical, but for the price, I figured it was no big deal if it didn't work.  I mixed up some dye according to their chart, tweaked it a little since my exact color was not on their list, and tested a small area on my chair.  The result was amazing!  We had an area about 6 inches by 4 inches where the color had worn off one of our leather chairs, and we actually went and looked at chairs to replace it, but after applying two coats of this, it looks brand new!  I would definitely recommend this to others!!"
"I ordered this product to fix discoloration of my leather sofa. There are several different colors included which you can mix and create the required color. Instruction sheet has listed few combinations too else you can google to find which colors to mix for achieving required color. I took couple of tries but finally could create almost similar color for my sofa. Spatula is included which is used for mixing the colors. It also has a brush (too small and can be used for very small area) and a small piece of foam. I used foam to apply color to my sofa and it was very easy. You just need patience to apply it.

Now the sofa looks way better than earlier. All the discoloration (mainly arms, top) is fixed and looks better. I am really happy with the purchase. It did what it is supposed to do. If you are expecting new like quality, do not buy this. It does not condition the leather. It just colors it so you are just hiding the leather discoloration. Damage was already done which can not be fully repaired except buying a new leather sofa. This is a cheap solution for that.

Be patient. Mix colors to achieve the required color. Apply first on some small area to verify it gels well with other area and then apply on the remaining area."
"I really needed this kit for a lot of things in my house exp: Bar stools, office chair and a couple other things. I wasn't to happy with it. It wore away or peeled off of the things I put it on after about a couple of months. Won't buy again. Amazon though is great as always and fast shipping."
"The product is definitely worth the money.  However,  I needed to touch up a rather large area on a used leather chair that was so discolored due to sun damage.  Literally I had to order 5 kits.  Mixing the colors to get the right color can be somewhat challenging, but have patience.  I was a bit afraid to start this project, especially after just one coat, I wasn't sure if this was a good idea.  After two coats, and further touching up, it really looked pretty nice."
"We bought a leather sofa off of Craigslist which got a few scuffs while we were moving it. Our two cats also got their claws in it a few times before we could deter them from using the new sofa as a scratching post.

Purchased this because it was the cheapest solution, the other product I considered buying was around $30.

Mixed the colors myself, just eyeballed it instead of following the instructions and it turned out perfect. Our sofa now looks great. Fixed the scuff marks perfectly and at least hides the cat scratches pretty well. My only complaint is that the dyes come in such small amounts and there is only one container of clear finish. I may be buying another kit just to have around incase of more damages."
"This works pretty well, assuming you know how to mix different colored paints to match a color. I didn't mind that, but I ran out of paint. (I am touching up multiple cracks around the seat area of the couch drying up and cracking.) If there were more paint substance, I'd give it a 5 star rating easily. But because of that, I'm only giving it 4 out of 5 stars."
"I used this kit on an original Barcelona chair with Spinneybeck Volo aniline leather in ivory that had a tiny "" by "" worn between two of the leather squares, and I am happy to report that the result is satisfactory. Making the ivory color was the biggest challenge, and I could achieve that by adding needle sizes of yellow and brown mixed with lots of white. For the price you pay, you get everything you need to repair small defects, but the colors come in small containers, so if your area is large I guess you have to get more than just one kit.

Mixing and matching the color was a long process, longer that I would've thought, and the final finish is still a bit yellowish up close to about 3 inches, but from normal viewing distances of 10 inches and more nobody can tell any difference. Because our chair finish is matte ivory, I was a little worried that the ""Clear Finish"" makes it all too glossy, but it was not that glossy after all and had a whitish/creamy look which blended in just perfectly. After applying a good leather conditioner everything should look perfectly smooth.

This is not the best quality product one can get, but I think it is the best for the price. The only drawback is the amount of white you will use on light colored leathers compared to other colors, so if they included two to three times more white and clear finishes, this would truly be a 5-star product; or, they can go all savvy and make it separate light leather and dark leather kits."
Simple to use for the type of spot repair I need to perform. Quick delivery.  The instruction were easy to follow.
"I had some small splits in the arm rests of a vinyl sofa.  I read the pros and cons and decided to take the plunge as there wasn't
much money involved.  I found that the included vinyl adhesive was useless and used Permatex Super Glue to seal the tears.  I mention Permatex and not just superglue, because I have found the Permatex glue to be much better than your common or garden variety.  Its available everywhere and reasonably priced.  The actual color dyes are really quite good!  I was able to mix an exact color match for my sofa and you cannot even detect where the splits were.  And while it doesn't appear that there is a lot of dye to use, it goes quite far and I have plenty left for anything else I need to repair.  So, full marks for the dyes and a failing grade for the clear vinyl adhesive."
It was very easy to find an exact match. My table looks brand new. I also used it on my mom's wall unit and walla looks perfect. Amazing product
"I just bought some brand new sandals and not even after a few hours I tripped on a curb and rubbed off a the front ""pleather"" I was pissed. The color was very different not beige, not tan.. just different... Anyway I saw this product and thought I'd give it a try. It came with a guide of what colors to mix to get your match and after just 5 minutes I created an exact duplicate. Now when I have time I'm going to touch up all my boots!"
"I purchased a new leather chair and ottoman.  It was less than 48 hours old when my cat decided to make it her new scratching post.  I was so upset!  I ordered the kit, hoping it would work but not feeling too positive.  It was easy to use, although color matching was a bit difficult, and the results were great!  No one notices the marks unless I point them out.  Good purchase."
You would be better off finding a colored marker to do the same thing that this product does would not buy again.
I used it to repaint some color accents in my motorcycle leather seat and it worked great. I really appreciate the color mixing instructions that came with this. Totally recommend it!
"Although not flawless, it imporved the appearance of the tear.  It does not equal a proressional repair.  Decent for the price."
My cat has chewed the corners off of our leather sofa. Tried to patch it with this product and results are laughable.
"I was very apprehensive in using this, but the final outcome came out beautifully. I was trying to match the color on my auto (center) armrest and after playing with the various colors, I was finally able to match it. Very happy with the results."
"This product actually does what it claims to do, and for a very reasonable price. Our leather couch was severely scratched and scuffed by our Boston Terrier when he was a puppy, and it looked awful.  I researched other products, and they were all super expensive and/or required me to send the cushions out or have a technician come into my house.  I decided to give this under-$8 product a try.
It takes a little work to get the color just right, and you need to remember to add a bit of water to finished color to get it to go smoothly (I forgot at first). But, IT WORKS.  My cushions look great; you can't even tell where the refinishing was done!  I did not have any rips to repair, so I can't speak to that aspect of the product, but the kit does include materials to patch tears or holes and to emboss a faux grain pattern into them.
Caveats:  The kit does not come in the container pictured; just a in a  baggie inside a plain cardboard box (just so you know).  The colors are in very small plastic pots, like kids' paint sets, so if you have a large area to repair, consider ordering 2 kits. My biggest problem with this product, that kept it from getting 5 stars, is that the clear finish, applied after the refinishing is completed and which really makes everything look brand-new, comes in the same tiny pot - there was not nearly enough to cover the large area that I repaired. A little does go a long way with the colors,  but not so much for the clear finish.  I hope to be able to order some more from the manufacturer.
All in all, I am thrilled with the results and would definitely recommend this product."
"From time to time, I surprise myself by how stupid I am. This one stunned me. I received six boxes of paints and was supposed to mix and color. Even though I have some experience in painting, it's extremely hard to get the color I wanted. And even if you successfully match the color, the leather loses its shine so it is very obvious. The good news is you can always wipe it off - the color doesn't stay! I think either this product is stupid or it makes me stupid, but either way you should not buy it."
It was pasty looking on the leather did not blend in well and had a hard  time getting the exact color.
"very cool idea if you have cats with claws and leather furniture, they do touch it and that is all it takes, this fixes it"
not worth the money
"Very little product came with this kit.  Also, don't plan on doing anything more than coloring a small area, as that's all that it will do.  Also, NOT for repairs."
"I was a little put off when I first got the package because it wasn't a new looking box like in the picture on amazon.  It was just a cardboard box with the color and sealer cups, instructions, and leather repair patch inside.  However, the packaging has nothing to do with how the product performs and I must say this product performs well.  Enough colors to pretty much mix any color I can imagine you'd need."
"I bought this product to repair a sun damaged leather sofa. I found it very easy to use and it really does work.  I needed more white and clear finish to complete the entire damaged area.  I emailed the company asking if it was possible to purchase just those materials. I got an instant reply. Guess what?  Not only did they apologize for not being able to send them immediately because they were actually closed, but sent the product for no cost.  I received even more product than I asked for a couple of days later.  Wow, I was totally impressed by this amazing customer service."
I was concerned about mixing the color but actually it was not difficult. I was able to get the perfect match for our sofa! Great product!
Bought it to fix a discoloration from trying to get pen off a leather handbag. I had managed to remove the color in patches on the bag and was at a loss. It takes a bit to mix the color to match but I tested it as I mixed on an unseen part of bag and it got there. Sponged it on let dry put another light coat let dry and then clear finish. Worked like a charm.
"This product worked so well.  I had several worn spots on my leather couches and chair and they look so much better now.  Trying to mix the paint was a pain but the brown that was provided was actually the best match.  I had several large sports to repair and I still have product left.  Don't expect the patch to look perfect, up close it is noticeable but from a distance it looks great."
You get what you pay for but my sofa needed way more repair It was cheap paint I would not use on good leather or places where a person sit or touch a lot a sharpie could have did a better job :/  Good news is it shipped on time adequate packaging :)
I have to admit that I was skeptical. All I can say is follow the directions and you will be impressed. The two leather chairs look so much better !  It's been a few weeks now and the chairs are sat on everyday and the repair job looks good.
"As with most of the reviews here, I had a mishap with some nail polish remover on my mother's couch. The acetone removed the top layers of color, leaving an unnatural scarlet red color exposed. I bought this right away and am so glad I did! The instructions were easy to follow, and the product has stayed perfect for 4 months now... even with a bunch of my nephews jumping off that exact spot on the couch constantly. Highly recommended product."
"The part of this kit that I really needed was the repair part. It works like a charm; not exactly perfect, but a hundred times better than a big rip in your leather seat. I found that the little tubs of coloring were pretty small, ideal for any job that wasn't too big. Unfortunately, my repair job was too big and I needed to buy more. If you're careful and diligent with it, the colors blend really well and the rips become nearly indistinguishable. f you're trying to repair any color leather, this is defiantly for you!"
"Have a pair of vinyl boots with damaged toes (like scuffed once and material started showing).  Bought this kit.  Spent three freakin' days painstakingly restoring the toes exactly to the letter of exhaustive instruction.  Nonetheless, it now looks like I dipped my toes in horse apples, and the first time it rained, the repair spots started peeling off.  Put the cost of this heinous kit toward a new pair of boots and save yourself the headache."
"During a recent move there was a slight tear on the arm of a leather chair which I repaired with the product. I am not a very handy person, but was surprised at how well this came out."
I was very pleased with this touch up kit.  It arrived promptly and was easy to use.  The instructions were very clear and it worked beautifully on our couch.  Thanks so much!!
"This product worked well to fix the discoloration we had on our cough. The only thing is that it might take you a while to get to the desired color when mixing your colors. But when you do it is easy to apply and blended well. I have to say that it was on a small area, not sure if it would have looked as great on a larger  area."
i believe 4 stars is sufficient for this product. i am satisfied.easy to use & have a little patience.good product
not enought to do any type of job to small of a size in this pack to do any good
"I have a leather couch with a small stain from where nail polish removed the coloring. It's only about the size of a quarter. This kit is cheap for a reason. The color of my leather is ""camel"", and since they didn't have that color on the list in this kit, I went with ""beige"" as it was the closest and worked from there. Not even close. It looked terrible and I had to remove it. And for the record, I do have an artistic palette and am able to mix colors quite well, so it wasn't for lack of color matching skill. If you have a dark brown, black, or reddish leather you're working on, this might work. But even so, it comes in tiny ""paints"" that look like a children's art kit you'd buy at Toys R Us. I'd say, ""well, it was cheap, so..."" but seriously for me it wasn't even worth the $8 I spent. :-/"
"When this product arrives you will think that you just got ripped off with one of those ""as seen on TV"" products. If you follow the directions and don't rush it works very well. Doesn't hurt to have a knowledge of primary colors and mixing such. I'm glad I paid attention in art class."
kind of a pain to mix the right color but if you have a standard color it would work very well
Works pretty good but they don't give u much. It came in a plain cardboard box so does not look like the picture. I would buy this product again if I need it.
"We had a minor cut on the leather couch that I used this for repair. About 3 months later, it came part of the way off. The seam was still intact, but the extra material around the cut pulled off."
"Tiny, cheap containers. Hardly any top coat so won't be able to touch up very many items. I don't recommend."
"I bought a couple of used beige leather recliners and one had a silver dollar sized bleached out spot on the arm caused by someone spilling nail polish remover. Looked at several color restore products on Amazon and ended up with this one. It arrived in a small plain cardboard carton ( not as shown) which contained several small ( 1/4 oz.?? ) containers of colors and a clear coating. Also; small brush, foam dabber, empty mixing container, spatula, grain sheets, and a two sided page of instructions. To be honest, I wasn't impressed and figured I'd wasted my money. I set it aside for a week or so, but got it out one day when I had nothing better to do. I followed the instructions to clean the area; no soap, use rubbing alcohol . To my surprise one side of the instruction sheet was a very nice chart devoted to color blending. Was able to duplicate the recliner color in fairly short order. I mixed,  dabbed a spot on a white paper towel, compared,  and adjusted.  The color product is not a dye, but a thick paint like substance. To prevent spreading,  I applied blue painters
tape around the area to be recolored, then used a Q-tip to apply a thin smooth coat of the color. Waited about 20 minutes, applied a 2nd thin coat. Note: THIN COAT is important. After about 5minutes I removed the tape and smoothed the tape edge lines outward with my finger. I was pleased with the result. I'll update in about 6 months concerning durability. Well, I missed the 6 month update ( forgot all about it ) . It's now November of 2016 and there is no fade or wear off issue. The chair will most likely go to trash with the repaired area in tact."
This leather touch-up kit is worth buying. It really works and you can custom mix the shade to an exact match to your item. I fixed a sofa over a year ago and it's still holding up. It hasn't pulled apart or faded or ripped or peeled. You can only notice the repair if you're looking for it. I'd get it again if I need to.
"I bought this to re-color a spot on a leather recliner where the color had worn off.  The hardest part about using this product was mixing the color to match.  However, the instructions had a chart to use as a starting point for mixing and the kit included a testing patch.  Those, with a little common sense about color (i.e., to make the color darker, add black), were enough to restore the chair to looking as good as new.  My comments and rating are limited to recoloring an area as I did not have any rips or tears to repair."
"Need a good eye for the color, but does work.  Thank you for the good deal.  Would recommend it to my friends."
"Product worked well. Had to mix colors slightly to match, but covered well.
Read prior reviews to make my choice."
It took my couch from PU to NEW. I didn't have to buy a new couch. Saved me a couple of thousand dollars.
I was not sure how to use this kit. I found a great video that helped me see how it's done. Maybe it can be helpful to someone else too. [...].
"Pretty difficult to obtain the right color and pigmentation, especially if you have a uniquely colored leather sofa that needs repair.  I wouldn't not recommend this product.  not worth getting."
"This product renewed my scratched leather couch. I was able to match the color and fill multiple cracks and scratches with the color. I wiped the excess away and the color stayed in the cracked area. It covered well and dried quickly. Mixing the colors is a bit of a messy procedure, but the color was not hard to match. The kit comes with a color matching guide, which makes it easy. I would definitely use this on other leather furniture. Quick and easy way to renew life to an old couch."
"I thought the product works quite well. you are not going to do a big job with amount of paint they send you but great for touch. I do think they should include 2 containers of white.
BILL"
I like the product But it wears off with shoe use. It's paint and not a dye which would be more in the leather. My toes tips on my shoes get scuffed a lot wearing off the color down to the leather. I tried the Touch Up Kit but found it wears off. No problem with the seller My Bad choice. Geo
"Used item to touch up cat scratches on leather chair.
After blending colors to match brown chair we applied the color with a toothpick.
Worked great, color match was not too difficult, practiced on a hidden area.
Color takes immediately so don't practice on visible a area or you may make things worse.
So far we are pleased with the results, leather repair outfit wanted $65 to touch up, we did the same for less than $7."
This product works great the color matched my Ottoman perfectly. The shipping was fast and the instruction that came with it were clear and easy to understand. I have had a few people over and I had to point out that the ottoman was repaired. I am very happy with this product. The repair on the ottoman was to cover over a button that was damged by one of my dogs.
"This product is too difficult to get a good color match.  Even after cleaning the chair with alcohol, this product began peeling off within a week.  I reapplied it having to mix for the right colors and this time when it began again to peal, it actually did more damage to the chair.  I will now be looking for a professional as this is definately not for the unexperienced!"
Can't believe how well this simple product covered a circle about 1.5 inches wide that had peeled on my leather chair.  You have to mix the colors but that is not difficult.  Very satisfied
"Got a good match, but the color rubbed off after a week on the front seat of my car. I'll try again after cleaning it with alcohol or acetone."
"Thanks, low cost touch up, easy to use. Quick delivery. Just what we needed for a quick touch-up on a coffee color sofa."
This is a ZERO star eval.  This package contains oiled based paint and you have to guess how much of each color to mix to match your leather...  GOOD LUCK to anyone using this.  We tried to match (knowing paint is always darker when wet) the best we could.  This is for expert color matchers.
"Well I found trying to match your color was the hardest part, I had scratches and small punctures in my couch.  I feel like I would have been better off just getting some paint and getting it colored matched at Wallie World.  I imgaine if you can get your color right it would be a nice product."
"I love this product. It covered scratches great. I didn't have a problem mixing. I used this on my vynal couch, love seat and chair all brown.  Great product great price!!!"
"I have a brown blended color leather sofa that I spilled nail polish remover on, if you have a standard color (black,brown,red) leather sofa this product is a simple solution, but if you have blended color couch it is quite difficult to get the color to match perfectly. This product also does not have a gloss finish, it is very dull in the spot that I patched up. If your working with a small spot it does the job and it is a good product for the price."
You get what you order and the kit is complete.  It is next to impossible to match your leather. You match it to an area and then use in another area and it won't match.. That's the problem with older leather...Fading and so on!
"I saw this same product for about $25.  It was real easy to apply & made my worn out leather couch look new again.  It was the best $6 + I ever spent.  I had a large discoloration spot on one section (in addition to the little scratches everywhere else) that was covered completely with 1 coat.  The instructions said it may require up to 3 coats, and I have had to touch it up periodically since in a few spots, but all in all, it saved me $1,000 on a new couch.  This should last me at least another year."
"like everyone mentioned color is hard to mix but I can't complain.  I really like this touch up kit, I recommend this to others.  Can't beat the price and effect."
"When I bought this item, the only way I had any idea what to expect to recieve was by reading reviews submitted by others.  But, when I got the product, I was still surprised.  So, here's what it is....about six mini paint pots filled with different colors (bright blue, yellow, red, black, white..) of what looks like thick paint.  There is also an empty paint pot for you to mix the colors in until you get a color you think will match your product.  Then, you have to add ""a few drops of water"" to thin it out.  I felt like I was flying blind trying to use this product.  Fortunately, the item I was repairing was a very old chair and I didn't mind experimenting on it.  I ended up covering a much larger area than I had planned because I never did feel like I got the color just right.  So, tricky to use, but I have to say that I was pleased with the end product!!"
This product is easy to use and works great......after the repair you cant tell where the cut in the leather use to be....
"This is a great kit. One, you can repair a scuff, tear, rip etc. in clear. Then you can ""touch up"" or recolor the damaged area. The kit comes with black, brown, blue, green, red, white and yellow. You can also Color Match by intermixing  the colors. Easy to follow instructions, no additional tools or experience required.
Can be used on any leather or vinyl ( shoes, belts, jackets, furniture, luggage, auto interior...)"
"This stuff worked great for me.  I had several large discolored spots (acetone - don't ask) on a much beloved leather chair.  It was a different shade of brown and I was really afraid that it couldn't be matched.  I was on the verge of sending the chair off to an upholstery shop when I saw this product and thought ""what do I have to lose?""  The product was easy to use.  I did the matching like the instructions said and I couldn't be more pleased with the results.  You can't tell the white spots were there at all.  I highly recommend this product."
"I live in a motor home full time and my off-white leather furniture is in need of some repair.  There are no rips..but, from daily use, the color is coming off in the creases and especially on the arms of our chairs.  What can I do?"
I didn't know how it was going to work from the review but i just put this on my Brown leather chair works great it took some time to get the mix just right but it was well worth it. Mixing the paint/dye will always be Challenging with all the different colors of leather out there but with a little patiens it will work good so if you don't have some patiens this mite not be for you but i don't see any other way around mixing the colors to match because your furniture will fad over time  I will buy again
I have a leather couch that has a few small cat scratches.  Having to mix your own color was a much bigger hassle than I anticipated.  After a few failed attempts I ended up spending double on a leather touch up pen which was far easier to apply and had 36+ color selections so you could order exactly the color you need.  I think the touch up pens are the way to go.
"The first box contained the color containers -- and were all hard and dried out.  I contacted the seller and they sent replacements very fast, which contained good product.  It applied well and now the spot blends in with the couch.  Our kids put nail polish remover on the couch, so it removed all color.  But this product put a lasting color back in and is doesn't rub off or peel or flake."
"Not what I expected.  Didn't work too well on Pallasar leather seating.  Only had a small spot that was cleaned accidentally with a wet wipe and simply needed retouching.  Turned out, its not really liquid leather, but liquid vinyl."
Works great!!!!!
It was cheap paint. It came off less than a week later
It did pretty good. Dried  flat. Not shiny. It did cover worn streaks
NOT WHAT IT IS AS ADVERTISED.
Didn't work at all but amazon refunded my money.
Invisible? My back seat looks like Tammy Fay's face.  Disappointed.
"I bought this product for just small worn spot on my beige leather recliner, what a chore just to match the color. Also the brown paint looked old and crystallized. I went forward and tried to match, I thought I came close BUT, no way! The sponge applicator made it stand out so bad. I just quickly washed the paint off. I will live with the worn, lived in look, it's much better.
I threw the whole package in the garbage."
Awesome leather repair kit.  Color was perfect match
Works alright.
It was barely OK. Color didn't match.
work perfect
"save your time and money, IT DOES NOT WORK."
"Doesn't always match the color perfectly, but much better than anything else Iv'e tried."
Does not blend in well and it is hard when it dries. Waste of money.
Worked Great! Advise wearing gloves
"It was very hard to get the color to match.  We got it pretty close, but it wasn't exact.  You can tell if you look very closely that the color is off, but when you're looking from afar, it actually looks pretty darn good.  I would give it 3.5 stars overall, for value + results.  Hate the fact that I have to either pick 3 or 4 stars.  I don't think either is fitting."
"Color looks good but it is rough and bumpy looking.  If it was smoother like the rest of the leather, it would be perfect."
I had some bleached out spots on burgundy leather sectional and matched it without too much fuss. A good product!
Color seemed ok but end result was splotchy. No where near enough sealant!! Extra pieces in our without explanation?
impossible to match the right color
AMAZING! Worked great!
"The consistency of the touch-up colors varies. There is no notation on a thinning agent. I now believe it is water based, but found that out by cleaning the brush and sponge. I wish that I had experimented more, after drying the dullness was not improved by the finish provided.  Lack luster, but with nearly right color resulted. My leather is tri-toned, so I knew it was a difficult task.

Try this product, but remember to thin the colors, if necessary, with a drop of water . Wish that I had."
Good price for what you get. And I was able to fix the discolor on my leather chair. Took a little doing but it worked.
"Surprisingly good. Since the area that we needed to repair was hundreds of small flaking spots, I tried to touch each of them and I could see that the build-up doing it this way was not going to work and wiped it off.  We decided that we would replace the chair if it didn't work and so I had nothing to lose. I decide to take an artist's brush and apply the thinned color over the whole area three times like the instructions recommend.  I don't know if I just got lucky with the color or if it is forgiving, but we can't tell where the repair ends.  We wiped on the sealer the next day and the repair can't be seen.  If it lasts, this is a great product!"
"Made my second-hand couch look almost like new. The spot where I put this on is a little darker and bluer than the original leather but you really can't tell unless you're looking right at it, and anyway that's my fault for not spending more time mixing to the correct color. Easy to use, looks great."
Okay but the contents looked like it was very old. Wish you got more vinyl goop
AWESOME!!!!! Does the job great! MY COUCH LOOKS NEW AGAIN!!!! Thanks!
Solved the problem.. coming up with exact shade is a challenge but once you have the right combination .. it blends well and makes the couch look like new
Works great. Covered the  scratches as described.
"Wonderful product and perfect match. I just wish it came with more brown and black. I used it all on a small section of my couch. I have posted some before, just applied and after pictures. I'm very pleased with the result."
very good kit
Didn't work according to the instructions or how I applied it.
"Needed to match my off white recliner to touch up a spot. Matching your item is ridiculously complicated, and a crapshoot at best. I was mixing, various colors, trying to get the right shade as per directions. Mixing 3-4 colors, finally arrived at a color that was close enough after about an hour of trying. Well by then, there was not enough product left to cover the spot. I guess it would work if you needed straight white, black, or other basic colors. Waste of money for me."
Did not work! Washed right off!!
"this came with the color touch up pods all dried up
had to throw away"
"This works amazing! I purchased a very expensive extended warranty for my leather furniture and was told it would cover scratches, stains. I had an ink spot on chair and wiped it off with leather safe cleaner that claimed it would take ink out. It took the color out of the leather. I filed a claim and it was denied because they don't cover stains! I bought this knowing I probably couldn't hurt it any worse. It worked great!! Mixed colors and applied as directed and I couldn't be happier!  Save yourself $399.99 and NEVER buy extended warranty, buy this instead!"
It doesn't work at all. Don't waist your money!
I had some areas on our leather sofa where the color had wore off. With a quick mix of two colors I got a perfect match and you can't even tell where the worn spots were. Great product!
"The product works exactly as described, come in a series of small bottles with basic colors that must be combined according to the desired color. I recommend that you take a picture of the leather and use the application recommended by the manufacturer"
"This kit kinda works and is cheap, but I've found other kits where the dye dries to a gloss instead of needing to add that as a last step. Besides saving a step, that ends up blending in better for my skill level (I,e. For someone unskilled at leather repair)."
Did not work. I was so confused on what to mix and it was so runny  it didn't stick on the sofas and the color was way off.
"This product is amazing! Our chair was torn up from our son's cast. It had rips and snags and then parts began peeling off of it. The product filled in the gaps and covered the snags. You can't tell it was ripped. From afar the chair looks perfect....close up it looks repaired, but it is keepable now. I am so glad I found this!"
EASY TO MATCH UP FILLS CRACKS ON VINYL AND LEATHER
Works as designed.
Rubs off very easily.
The kids ripped a small hole in our brand new ottoman and this did just the trick to fix it! Better than I expected.
"Worked well for the small areas I needed to cover. Once tried, it blended well into our brown leather ottoman. So far, no problems"
We had a huge bleach stain on our leather coach and with this product you can't even tell it was ever there.
Don't waste your money
"While it's not a perfect fix, I am beyond thrilled with how it turned out. We bought theater recliners on craigslist for dirt cheap because the pleather like material had started cracking, peeling and missing is some places, so much so that the foam was showing. I wish I would have taken a before pic. I'm not sure this is a forever fix, but it does look much better. It's up in our bonus room for kids, so it doesn't bother me that it's not perfect. It is a small kit. So, if you have a large area to cover, like I did, order 2 kits."
"exactly as advertised, fast shipping,"
"It works, you just need to experiment to get the right color scheme. You have to mix the colors up so you need a lot of patience."
Awesome product! Definitely for a very small year though.
"Looks pretty
Good when it's first applied and for about a week and then it comes off. Would not recommend."
Works great
"Works well, but it's difficult to get an exact match for the color.  My car seat still looks better than before, but the flaw is still visable since the color is slightly off."
This worked great! Could not be happier!
"I have a pair of boots that I couldn't bare to part with, even though the front of them was incredibly scuffed up. The touch-up kit worked really well, but it took me FOREVER to mix a color that matched my camel boots. Maybe it was just an odd hue on my shoe, but I haven't done any others to really compare. If the object you want to repair is a pretty standard color, I highly recommend this. If it's a bit of a mix...just be ready to put your art skills to the test!"
Absolutely loved it. It works beautifully and covers the leather just the way I hoped it would. Great product!
It didn't look as good as I hoped it would but it did repair it.
"I ordered 2 of these kits, since I had a rather large spot on my brown leather couch. The product was promising, since it included a link to a color matching website that worked very well. I mixed the proper colors and applied with the sponge as directed. The leather definitely looked better than before, and matched the original color. And it had only taken one kit as well. I let this dry for a day, and then tried to apply the clear finish

When I opened the container marked ""Clear Finish"", there was perhaps a milliliter or two of clear liquid - nowhere near enough to cover the area I'd dyed. I tried the second kit, which had a bit more finish, but it also was inadequate. Overall, I'm disappointed."
Should get 0 stars.  Directions not clear and when I clicked on the link they sent it was nothing but computer symbols.  Total waste of money.
It's a great product. Just what a needed...I have cats and they scratched my sofa....perfect for fixing their mess! Love it!
"I was so excited to try the product to try to fix a few blemishes on a black and white synthetic leather purse.
The kit comes with: vinyl adhesive, 6 fill colours, sponge, brush, spatula, fabric backing, and then grain release papers and a piece of grey vinyl.
I liked the inclusion of the grain release papers, thinking I could match the grain of my purse. Unfortunately, there were no directions as to how or when in the process to use them. I have no idea why the grey vinyl was included.

I went ahead and followed the instructions that were included. If your repair requires the adhesive, as part of mine did, it dries too hard. So while the rest of your item is flexible the repaired area will be hard. The colours alone seemed better, if repairs are minor. I was able to use the white with moderate success, although I had to guess as to when to try to use the grain release paper. I figured if the color was too dry, it wouldn't work at all, so I tried to use it when the color was dry to the touch, but not fully dry. It didn't work at all, and in some areas it pulled the color off of the repair, so i had to retouch up. Not what I had hoped, but, it looked slightly better.
However, when it came time to use the black color, it was a distaster. The black seemed oilier and didn't clean off of the brush well at all. After waiting 24 hours, I understood why. The black had not dried at all, and was just a sticky, oily coat of black sitting on the repair area. I waited another 24 hours, and it was still as wet as the previous day, whereas the white had dried fairly quickly. I didn't apply any more than I had with the white.
Utterly frustrated, I tried to cover it with the clear coat, despite it not being dry. That helped a little, but the repair area looks awful.

Maybe I just got a bad batch of black, but I simply can't recommend this product. Save your time and money."
Great product
"Very satisfied with product, service & price."
Works great at first but after a while it looks horrible and even damages my sofa! Better off without it.
"I've purchased several of these kits over the years. They always work for me for small repairs but the end result depends on your skill to mix the product to match the existing color. The chart will not give you every color variation - not even close. It's just a starting guide. For example, to match my merlot/espresso dark brown bar seat, I needed black, bown and a little purple (red + blue). Only problem is that repairs may be slightly glossier than your original vinyl. Again, getting the right color and texture can happen with testing and practice, but sheen match is tougher. Note, the more you work the paint, the less shiny it will be. They do provide a gloss sealer in this kit which I never had in other kits. This does help give your repair more luster if needed.

Tip: if you have a rip or tear in something with cushioning underneath, if you can get a little piece of batting or cotton under the vinyl before gluing, it will help immensley. When you repair even a 1/8 inch tear, it can appear concave once you glue and color patch. No amount of patch color will make it appear even with the surface. Believe me, I've tried to build up several coats over several days yet one of my seat repairs still looks indented."
"It took a bit to get the right color match, but in the end, the repair looked good."
Was attempting to repair white leatherette kitchen chair  with this. The white was too bright even tho my chairs are true white and did not blend well. Looked like a mess and made it worse. White out liquid paper would've worked better than this. Maybe for other color leather but NOT white.
"I actually bought this to repair my shoes. I tore the leather wrapped high heels of a brand-new pair of leather pumps. This product worked great, I smoothed it over the damaged area, and you can't tell at all. I've since used it to touch up other high heels with success."
It was easy to mix the color and match exactly to my furniture which had scuffs on the seams. The clear coat applied on top gave a little sheen that matched the leather.
It took some mixing to get the color I needed but this recolored the problem area looks great.
"What I got is not what's pictured. It was the pieces in a zip lock bag. I worry about how long it will hold up being that it wasn't factory sealed, or at least not well."
Tried to touch up taupe leather. Turned it pink. ): Threw it away.
"paraphrasing our leader ""Who would have ever thought that color matching would be so complicated!"".  I do think the product will eventually work well.  The Colormatchguide website is very useful to get the approximate color mix using a photo.  The last art class I had was about 50 years ago so my ability to remember color wheel function is very dim. adding small quantities of other colors to get a good match is tricky.  I am practicing on my daughter's very old Volvo before I tackle my wife's newer car.  Both have the same issue of sun fade and wear on driver seat shoulder area.  I am getting closer but not there yet."
I used this to touch up my handbag. It works great for small areas like the edges but not ideal for large surface areas. It dries into a vinyl-like consistency. I tried it on the front of my handbag and hated the look. Luckily I was able to rub/peel it off after dousing the area with leather conditioner
"Many colors options, that is good but hard to use if you don't know how to match color"
Not worth buying  this product
The black was gummy and almost dried up.
Hard to match the color but seems to be working
Takes a little time to figure out.  But it is worth the effort.  Our couch is like new!
Not as expected
contains all the tools to make minor repairs to faux leather furniture.
"Not at all like photo on the web. Came in a non describe box with all the components in it.
Not a quality product. Disappointed! Hope Amazon drops product."
Was able to blend the perfect color to fix my boots.  I try not to wear leather and non leather products can wear quickly.  This product is good for touch ups
"Love the product, it is easy to use and has many colors. I repaired my shoes last night and you can barely tell there was anything wrong with them. The item also comes with a couple mixing containers in case you need to customize your color. They also provide a chart to create other colors."
"I had a few 1/2 long partial slits and 10-12 worn down recessed areas about 1/4"" in diameter at most.in a brown leather sofa on the seats.  Mixing the color was easy. The brush they include was too big and stiff so I used a small pointed soft brush of my own.  I applied several thin coats, then a thicker coast to refill the slit or recessed spots.  I experimented with wiping away excess and blending out the excess until I was satisfied with the look.  I let it dry for a few hours.  When I came back to apply the sealant, I had a hard time finding the slits and spots to coat.  So it worked great."
"Improved the look of our sofa 100 percent. Only an arm area showed a lot of wear, now looks good."
Didn't use ... too close motivated to mix etc
"I thought this was the solution to my couch problem, but unfortunately it didn't last. At first I LOVED it. If it stayed like that it would have been 5 stars. It looked great for less than a month. Attaching a picture to show what it looks like now."
Really poor product. Gummy and difficult to use. Tried to touch up a large area on the headrest of the recliner where color was diminished. Lesson learned. You get what you pay for.
Too hard to match couch color.  Thre away and decided to buy a new couch.
"I used this to recolor the faded headrest of my favorite leather recliner. It was fast, easy. and I highly recommended it."
this worked great!  covered all of my scratches and the color was awesome....great fix for 5 bucks!
More trouble than it's worth
I regret not taking a before and after picture of a walnut colored p leather bench that I  bought off Craig list. It had large wear spots on it 5x6 inches. I purchased two kits to cover up the wear and it turned out beautifully! Much better than expected. I will be purchasing more leather recovery furniture now and will continue to use this product to refurbish.
Do not buy this horrible cheap product not at all what I expected. Also not returnable though prime. Good thing it was only 6 bucks.
Hard to work with.
I tried this to fix scratches on leather office chairs from my cat. This did not work very well; we tried on both chairs and read the instructions several times. I would not purchase again.
It does not work.
"I bought this to cover scratches on a leather recliner that my cat had made. (Most of the time, I have a throw on it, but it's hard to completely cover it~especially the arms. Most of the scratches were on the arms, and a few on top of the pillow/back of seat where my kitty reclines.
  Mixing the product to get the right color was much easier than I thought it would be. The bottom line for success with this is: FOLLOW THE DIRECTIONS. The directions are simple, clear, and easy to follow, but don't try to take shortcuts or ""do your own thing.""
  My recliner looks great, the finish has not rubbed off, and, luckily, my cat is no longer ""launching"" himself off the arms."
"This product is a joke rip-off.  It's like a child's toy, The size of the backing fabric is 2 inches by 3 inches."
Ok...but don't expect miracles.
Not perfect but much better than it was. (Repaired faded/worn leather interior arm rest of car)
super fast shipping and as as described. Repaired worn area perfectly
Worked well to repair small tear in a leather couch
does not  work
"Worked beautifully- only bought it for the touch-up paint but the other items (texture paper, patch cloth, and this little buffer pad) were perfect. Used the link to the site to match colors and while it needs improvement- (like actual instructions on how to mix the colors needed to make the colors needed to come up with your final product) I was able to wing it and came up with a perfect match.  If you want great results make sure that you start this project when you have some uninterrupted quiet time.  You need to turn on something nice to listen to and take your time.  To clarify- I had multiple small holes and scratches from our dogs- so I had to patch, then touch up."
"Patcher up my 18 month old sofa, but you can definitely tell it's been patched. Was hoping for a more seamless result, but honestly that could be my fault."
Worked great on my black leather shoes to restore their luster and cover up paint stains.
As discribed...easy to use...
"saved my favorite leather jacket, works like a charm"
Saved a pair of boots
too small of product. Only buy if fixing a tiny tear.
Had bonded leather sofa that was peeling and it didn't work w/ it.
"This was ok. I tried this product first and keep in mind, it is a touch up kit. For the inexpensive price it is not going to work amazing, but get the job done. If you are looking for something to really repair and blend, then seek a more professional method of fixing. Overall, if you are looking for a quick fix and to not pay an expensive bill for a professional then I recommend this kit."
"The Black is not black sadly. In certain lighting you can see that it is very light. Other than that, it did patch the tear well"
"Used it on a Lexus steering wheel. I kept mixing colors till i got it perfect. Took me about 15 minutes to make the right color. This stuff is great, and is made to stay on a long time. Nobody could tell were i blended it in. This works excellent only when you cannot find the exact color match."
"It works, just call them
 If any help needed"
Terrible product it should not appear on the search for dying materials!!!
This worked great!  I was able to match the color well. The area was covered nicely. I couldn't figure out how to use the swatches though to patch a cracked area. The directions were not clear to me. It also tends to run off when I wipe down my couch with a baby wipe. I let each coat dry for a day (3total).
cool little patch kit
Makes the couch look like new but only lasts for a few days then peels off. Works best if your fixing a couch to sell.
"This product SAVED a recliner and a couch.  I was ready to give up and replace them, but now they look as good as new,. The little pots of color look like they could never work, and I kind of wished they had a youtube link listed because I had to kind of wing it.  But mixing my own colors worked after a while. There was very little of the clear topcoat, and that might be a problem.  I see the places where color was renewed seems to scratch more easily that it did when the leather was new.  But the change is radical and all for the better."
I returned it. Didn't seem to work
didn't quite match the couch to hide the cat scratches.
"A nice idea, but not really a good match for my light analine leather tan sofa.  Maybe it would work better on darker leathers.  I had trouble matching the color as well as applying the touch up.  I'm aware that may say more about my skills than the quality of the item.  The repair I made is better than the light spot I had before but I can still see the touch up.  The cause of the original damage was one unnoticed small drop of brandy that dissolved out the color."
"I love this product. Have used in the past to repair a small hole in a sofa. Did a great job enen though small indent still exists, blended well enough to disguise. Made another purchase to fix color fade on another couch. Would buy again."
Leather touch up works good for small places to repair.
Impossible to work with - colors in a cup - finishing expert would be required to achieve a useful result
"I was stupid a put a rip in my faux leather couch. It wasn't super noticeable so I mixed some brown and black together from this kit and colored in the hole. I took of the touch up paint after about a minute so that all it did was stain the small rip. The couch has started to crack from age, and I find that filling in those cracks using the same method as above hides my furniture's age well. I'm not sure how great it would work with real leather or for large tears, but those situations probably would not call for using a product like this anyway."
Order received promptly.  Well packaged.  Easy to use with several different colors.
"To cover what we had we needed a lot of this stuff. Later on it peeled up in strands as if it was just elmers glue. Wouldn't recommend on high traffic areas (dogs, party's)."
Worked better than I expected.  I used it to patch some scratches I made trying to squeeze a new leather couch I bought through the door.  The color's included had great variety and allowed me to mix pretty much the exact color of my couch.  It had some patches and instructions on how to use them but I skipped it and just used the color on the damaged areas which made the damage very inconspicuous and that's all I really wanted.
This was very easy to apply. It really worked on my couch. Easy to read instructions thanks
Pleasantly suprised! Worked really well- my sofas are brown with a red tint & I was able to easily match the color. Saved so much $$- hoping to get a few more years out of them.
Used on my sons leather couch.  The dogs took the color off by scratching the cushions.  The fix worked well and the couch is saved
Color didn't mix well for me.
Did not contain pens as indicated in picture.  It was a number of small containers.
works great
"I am so glad to have found this product! I had two pair of (pricey) boots that had serious scuffs at the toes, looked nearly white and worn-out. This kit enabled me to mix up the colors to match the color of both pairs. I followed the directions and can now wear both pairs again. Blended easily."
"Basically Elmers glue and latex paint...but I applied it to a pair of well-worn flats months ago and it's held up beautifully. If you have a pair of cracking leather shoes, this will get you many more miles out of them before they look so bad you are forced to pitch them."
"I have used this product for a few years now and it's great.  I bought a leather sectional for $300 because it was faded in many areas and was able to repair it using this product.  I am an artist, so color matching for me is not an issue.  I could see having problems if you aren't able to match the color; however, the company does include a color match guide.  Because I have two large dogs who use the couch a lot, the color wears off after a while and I have to touch it up about once per year."
"I bought this to repair a vinyl kitchen chair and it worked great. The wide range of colors that it comes with makes it possible to match just about any shade assuming you understand color mixing. Be aware you only get a small container of each color. If you've ever used a paint-by-number kit, they use the same type of paint containers in this repair kit. If you have a large repair, this is not the kit to use. The process was pretty simple and the fabric swatches were great for creating texture to further conceal the repair. The end result was almost unnoticeable. If you have a vinyl repair project that isn't too large, this is a good starting kit."
good value
"This is good stuff if your a good mixer and have a easy color to match and time to do it and let it dry. It comes with good instructions. I just don't care for the drying time and all that , I have 3 kids ,2 dogs and 2 cats so keeping them off the couch is a problem. But this great to save a expensive couch and get more life out if it. So far so good as to holding up and not peeling off."
A life saver! Worked perfect!
"color dried daker than when mixed, made a mess"
"Matching colors is more of a challenge than it looks. The enclosed swatch is handy, but it takes a few trys to get the color right. Fortunately the pigments are water based, so you can wipe them off and start over, probably a few times."
Product received as promised.
terrible color match- same result obtained with shoe polish and a lot less expensive!!
Will crack with use.
1/2 star
"hard to make it match adn too small for the application I needed, great for smaller projects"
Awful ! Didn't work ! Very difficult to match a color
"this product is unbelievable, fixed my expensive leather sofa like magic, very happy"
"This leather painting kit saved me a lot of money on replacing some of my favorite boots. Right away, I painted over scuffs on black booties and a pair of maroon boots, which would have cost about $70 each to replace.

You do have to mix your own colors, but a handy guide is included for which base colors to use to succeed with color-matching. No one could tell that I repainted, rather than replaced, my formerly scuffed shoes. I barely dipped in to the black, red, and brown that I've used so far, and I'm sure it's going to take me a long time (and a lot of shoes) to get through it all.

I'd highly recommend this kit for touching up the color on genuine and synthetic leather shoes. It dries quickly, and without the clear coat will match any more matte/leather effect."
"I bought a used couch and it had some really bad topical damage on the front, using this I was able to restor it back to looking the same as the surounding leather.

Take a bit of trial and error the get the right colors mixed but as long as you repairs are relitive sparce this should do the trick."
"This product really does work!  I had a worn area on the arm of one of our leather love seats.  I just added a small amount of the black to the chocolate brown until it matched the original shade.  Then I applied the mixture to the area, used the graining swatch, allowed it to dry for 30 minutes and applied the clear.  Although I was skeptical it would actually work, the results are truly professional."
"We have a dog  who is restricted to one seat on our L-shaped leather sofa, as he's already ruined it by licking on it constantly. I bought this product to mask the ugliness until we can buy a new sofa. It definitely works. Our sofa is a forest green and I was very easily able to make the color  It also comes with a color mixing chart  to help you get the right shade. This part is pretty easy to do and forgiving if  it is not the the right shade you can mix until you get it. My only issue is that there is such little paint.  It's only enough to touch- up one seat or a few scratches. Once the green ran out, I thought I could make more green by mixing the yellow and blue paint, but no matter how many combinationes I tried, I couldn't replicate the forest green that I needed. I also couldn't replicate the original shade of green that came in the kit (which I thought was weird). You have the option of ordering more paint. It's free, if you pay for shipping and handling, but  with the amount you spend on that, you may as well just go to a store and get yourself a hefty bottle of vinyl paint as opposed to the tiny tub you would get. Bottom line: really good for small areas."
"I had an incident with my vacuum cleaner vs my leather couch. The vacuum was placed on the couch while it was on and the rollers were going. It took a pretty good sized (about 2 inch by 2 inch) section of the color off the couch. I tried to use a wood furniture pen for a quick fix, but it didn't work at all. So, I bought this kit instead. It arrived quickly, and I used it the same day it arrived. I didn't use the color chart with the kit because I couldn't find a color that was comparable to the dark brown color of my couch. I mixed the brown and black together and put it on the sample vinyl piece included in the kit. I had to mix it a couple times to get the right color, but it didn't take long. I used the included sponge and applied it per the instructions. I applied it 3 times. The color looked great and the blemish was covered easily. After 24 hours, I applied the clear coat per the instructions using a paper towel. I was a little unimpressed with the clear coat. It left the area a little rough even after drying for 24 hours. I'm waiting to see how it feels overtime. I'm hoping it will smooth out. Overall, I'm happy with this product."
"I opened the package and started to put all of the corks in the bottles,we are missing 12 corks. Not very happy!!!!!"
"This stuff worked great! I can't say how it might do on rips or tears, but I have an ivory leather couch about 12 years old. Over the years it developed numerous small scratches in the finish. It was otherwise in good shape. After a good cleaning, I mixed up the color and got a good match. I dabbed it on, wiped it in with a cloth, and the scratches disappeared! The couch is practically like new again."
"Works just as advertised. Was able to create a color that matched my brown leather couch exactly with the color guide that they included. And the application processes was seamless. I recently relocated and the movers did a number to my couch when it arrived. There were so many scratches and tears, that I was worried I would have to replace the couch. But now, it looks brand new and you can't even notice most of the areas where I painted over with the touch up kit. Would definitely recommend!"
Looks great for a few days and then rubs right off. Even putting the sealer on it causes it to rub off.
"I was impressed with this inexpensive kit.  It did what I needed perfectly.  It's NOT for repairing holes or tears in leather; you can find other kits for that task.  This will repair discolorations.  I dropped a tiny splatter of epoxy on my Italian leather sofa.  I tried furniture polish to remove it.  Not only did in not remove the epoxy, it took off some of the color!  It was easy to match the color exactly (brownish burgundy) following the instruction guide provided.  I did two light coats with lots of drying time between.  The stain/touch-up paint appears to absorb into the leather as it dries.  There's a clear coat you apply very sparingly 24 hours later.  After that dried, I used a leather conditioner on both cushions (I had already cleaned both with gentle soap suds).  Buffed.  Looks totally brand new!"
This product was not a perfect match but did help to hide the area. Had you not known there was a discoloration before it would be hard to detect.
I expected exactly what I see. I get this bulls***. Seriously. I see it I buy it then I get something different. Haven't tried it yet. If it doesn't work next review will be worse.
"My leather sofa had spots where the color had rubbed off.  After experimenting with the colors provided, I was able to paint all the places and the sofa looks new again."
mixing is not as easy as it looks
I used this for my leather couch and it was completely worth it.
Very impressed! Just mix to get a matching color. Saved me from buying another sofa set!
"Our dark brown leather chairs were looking very worn in places. I was able to mix a black/ brown combo perfectly matching the chairs. When project completed, they looked very much like new."
You get what you pay for.
Okay. So this was totally a joke. No way in the world could you mix these colors and make the color of leather. I actually feel dumb for even trying
"This stuff is completely worthless!!! It made the small rip on my leather bench look 10 times worse, I wish i hadnt watsed my time or money on it, don't make the same mistake!"
"I was repairing a brown leather love seat.  The kit has an empty container for mixing colors and by adding black to the brown, I attained the  perfect  color match. I hate directions but this was so easy to use and unless you get up close you can't tell where the sofa was repaired. ."
This was a gift
Works great. I have the same brand new Ashley leather as described and have had huge patches of color fall off. Simple fix with this product. Looks perfect!
Worked great! Saved us from buying a new couch. Thank you !
"Outstanding product. Did an excellent job, removed the scratches."
It is just regular paint..
I love this product. The clue is managing your expectations. The couch was cheap to begin with and the leather was badly cracked with pieces  flaked off. After using leather touch up it's in the parlor not the dumpster.
Very little amount of paint included and hard to match colors.
"Excellent product. I was nervous to try it, I didn't want to go from bad to worse with this not so old reclining chair my father gave us. In the top above picture you can see some significant wear in the head rest area. I tested an inconspicuous spot on the side of the chair first and to my delight it was a great color match. The product is still wet in the bottom picture and I haven't applied the clear finishing coat yet."
its a great item
"Color match was very easy, but applying was not that easy.  Now I noticed that the patch is beginning to peel.  Wonder if I did something wrong."
"This product may work for some small jobs and on single color leather but it is not a great fix. My story is that I had a bare spot that I tried to fix with this product and the patch was obvious. Also the leather  color on the couch was coming off with just a damp rag. I went to youtube and found some good information from someone who really knows leather. His name is Kevin and you can find the link if you look. Long story shortened my three year old furniture was failing due to the clear coat disappearing due to wear or poor Chinese manufacturer. I bought a kit for $175 that included a sprayer, two colors of ""paint"", and some clear top coat. I am not a finishing type of guy, but I was pleased with the results. I refinished several bad spots and put clear top coat over all the wear areas. Bottom line the product sold here is only good for very minor touch ups, but there is hope on the internet. The attached pictures show the bald sport which is now impossible to find and the first patch job done locally by a ""professional and the same cushion after my repair."
The instructions don't say anything about when to use the backing paper to make the grain match.
Love the ease of using this product. It doesn't look perfect but it will buy us time til we purchase a new couch.
Worked  way better than I thought it would and it pretty easy to do.
Wonderful product. Liked so much we ordered another. Customer service is also very good. We had a question and they were extremely helpful and concerned about taking care of our needs.
Good product
"Interesting product.  very hard to get match of basic colors, tan. but seems to cover and work ok if you can find a match."
Product worked but the repair is quite visible.
Worked really well to fix a spot on our leather couch.  So far you wouldn't even be able to tell.
"No matter how you apply this, it will not work as described. It's an as seen on tv piece of garbage. I read the directions thoroughly; watched the Youtube video, and I applied it, as instructed. One week later, my sofa is peeling at the repair site."
"Worked great to match couch. Had to do it multiple times, texture still off, but better than having to buy new. Would buy it  again if another accident happened."
ok
They provide some color mixing guidelines but it was challenging to get the color right. In the end I donated the couch I wanted attempted to fix.
"I really disliked this product because it really didn't help at all, also the directions were very unclear"
not that good
"I loved that I was able to make my own color palette and that it dries flawlessly, but it scratched off within a few weeks. So sad!"
"My bonded leather couch had pieces that were peeling and pieces that had come off, so I tried this as a solution. I used the vinyl glue to stick the outside parts back to the couch, and then just covered the entire part that was missing the bonded leather. It worked pretty well to camouflage the large area. I haven't attempted to color match just yet because I'm not sure what color my couch falls under, but it already looks a whole lot better. The area with the glue is a little crusty feeling compared to the actual couch. I'm not sure if the color stuff will make it a little softer. I will update once I've used the color. I forgot to take a before photo but I am including a photo with the vinyl glue, and once I do the color I will add another photo."
I am pleasantly surprised. This product worked great. I have a couch that after 3 years looked terrible in some areas due to normal wear. I wanted to get a whole new set of couches but decided to try this first. It fixed the bad areas so well that this set of couches looks great and will absolutely keep. The product is easy to use and well worth trying.
Didn't work for me  Wasn't able to mix. Black cherry for my furniture
works well
Not as advertised. Careful what you pay for.
Great product. Only one that worked on our sofas.
"I have used this product so many times, it works perfectly if you use it the right way."
great product. Directions were very clear!
"This worked pretty good on my ""bonded leather"" chair. Not perfect, but better than peeling leather. I also used it on some leather shoe tips that were scuffed up and it has held up very well. Takes some practice to mix the perfect colors, but was fairly easy for me, as I am an artist by trade."
"Ordered this with some doubts that it would work but it actually works really well.  The only negative thing I could say is that it can be a challenge to mix the exact color.  Luckily, there was a brown paint in the package and we just had to darken it some with the black paint.  Comes with good base colors to mix to get the right shade for your leather.  We used the brown paint and since we needed a darker shade, we added black to it til we had the right tone and there is a white paint as well if you need to lighten it.  Instructions are pretty basic with a color mixing guide to obtain certain colors.  Also, it came with a clear finish solution to paint over to protect the new touch-up.  Very impressed with the results."
"I'm sad because at first this worked great. I was really excited because they give you lots of colors but not a lot of each color and my couch being burgundy took all of the brown, red, and half of the black to fill the large peeling areas on my sofa so I only had enough for two coats. It lasted about two weeks and then the covered parts started to peel up in large chunks. So now my couch looks like a jaguar clawed it to death. :("
"This is a horrible, horrible ""product""!.  The pictures show how it arrived.  This is really for repairing vinyl or leather car seats.  Dye?  hardly.  Packaging completely different than what is shown!  Even at that, I tried it.  What a joke."
"I've used these type of repair kits before just not this particular brand. They're all the same in my opinion. Whether you order the $9 kit or the $19 one, they're identical.
It will come with a single tiny piece of backing (smaller than a Post It Note) to use if you have an actual hole, basic colors of paint/dye that you'll have to mix to get the desired color, a piece of test vinyl that's the same size as the backing, a few different leather grain 'stamps' that you'll use after you apply the vinyl filler (also included in a miniscule amount) and a clear coat sealer. There's also a very cheap quality sponge and tiny paint brush.
This kit and all of ""No heat"" types are for little holes and scratches. Anything larger than a silver dollar- or if you have a few holes will require more than one kit.
Now, I'm giving this 3 stars overall because it does work well enough to get you by if your repair needs fit into the above criteria. But I can't over emphasize how very little product you're actually getting. I do recommend this brand if you're wanting to try one of these no heat kits because it's less expensive than some of the other ones on available. And they'll all the same: same packaging, same sponge and paint brush, same amount of product in the same containers with the same label and the same paint mixing guide which is helpful to a very limited degree because they don't provide a photo of the target color and some of the names are vague ie Sable Brown. I'm guessing that's a light warm brown? No clue. But there are instructions for how to mix different colors to achieve it. I'm lucky because I'm a hairstylist and I use color theory literally every day so mixing the colors to match wasn't super difficult. I didn't use the provided guide because it was vague. I just eyeballed it.
Anyway, the end results are OK for minor repairs but the kits which require heat are a lot better. They're just trickier to use. With either type kit there's a learning curve so practice on a hidden area or a spare piece of vinyl. Just don't practice too much or you'll not have enough product left for your repair!
Lastly, this isn't a permanent solution. The repair I made using a different kit last year is starting to peel up a little around the edges.
I very much prefer the more expensive and less user friendly heat based kits for both longevity and end result but if you're not looking for a permanent solution and you only have a small area to repair, and if you're pretty comfortable mixing colors then this kit or any other similar one will do the trick."
Works as advertised. It doesn't make the repair look like new but you mix the colors to match and the repair is solid.
"Like other reviewers, I found it difficult to mix the exact shade.  It did, however, cover ink marks on a bone leather handbag with two coats.  So not perfect match, but made the purse usable."
Not user friendly. Was hard to match brown I had.
"This stuff is seriously amazing. The entire seat area of our leather sofa was starting to wear off, revealing nothing but the ugly fabric backing which was a much lighter color and therefore VERY noticeable. Since the sofa was no longer under warrantee, I went for this option. I'm thoroughly impressed! Looks like a brand new sofa now."
"Works great, some oil scent  fell on my dark brown leather love seat and left a stain. The colors worked perfect. Idk why other were complaining about the portion of the paint but it was more than enough, and so much has left over. It doesnt get fully 100% blend in but from the distance you cant see a difference. From close up you can see. Its still great."
Awful made a perfect match but then it made the couch tear worse and looked really bad. I would not suggest this product.
Worked well in faded leather couch
Customize your color even white! Works well. For smaller repairs and includes everything you need.
"Well, it's not a miracle. It made the spot I fixed rough and dry, though the color is back to brown. I also found the instructions lacking and it took me awhile to figure out. In hindsight I would have just used my kids' acrylic paints and mixed the right shade (as you have to with these), applied with a sponge and let dry and followed up with a leather/vinyl lacquer bought at the craft shop. Oh well, it hasn't really breathed new life into my piece of furniture, but at least there is no light-colored rubbed-off spot anymore as a constant reminder what a piece of garbage I wasted my money on not too long ago, having been sold by the idiots at the store on ""leather"". :/"
"It t.ok me forever to get around to using it because I thought it was going to be difficult to match.
But it wasn't,  very easy to use and the results were great. I had an estimate to repair my sofa of $130.
I did it myself for the price of this kit"
"This is really nothing more than water based paint.  It does not dye the leather, just covers up the issues.  There is no way this will last with stretching and wear.  One might be able to get it to look better temporarily, but that's about it. It was worth a try, but I would not recommend it."
no. too hard match colors. the repair does not hold up.
great
It didn't work.
Had to call manufacture to get proper color match. Once I had color the product worked great...very happy withresults.
Didn't work very well for us. We couldn't match the color well at all. Maybe just simple black or brown.
Not perfect but i was able to match the color fairly easily. Would buy again if needed.
"Once you got the mix right for you color, it worked great.  Would buy again."
Terrible.  Glue and finger paint.........really
"work like suppose too and very happy with this set! instruction was easy to follower and my daughter being into art
was very helpful in mixing the right color to fix my leather chair it had a small hole from a key! it fix and look great"
Doesnt blend is very well
It worked somewhat
"worked decently well to patch our cream colored leather couch.  The dogs had scratched it so it wasn't a full on tear, just some small marks that would only get worse.  You can still see them, but only when you are up close looking for them. I was able to match the color pretty well."
works well onlly if you use the colors that come with it
The paint didn't last. It came off a couple weeks later.
"Wonderful product! It takes a little bit of an eye for color, but it mixes well with great results.  We purchased brand new leather couches. Two months later, we rescued a cat. She liked to use her front claws on the cup holder (needless to say she has been declawed). Fixed the tiny scratches within minutes! Love this stuff!!"
"After applying product it looked 100x worse. I had to scrub paint off, it was awful. Money in the garbage they should NOT be selling this product. Scam rip off !! USELESS"
It is OKAY
Amazing!  Worked like a charm on my leather couch; I feel like a genius for using it.
It's ok
The adhesive dries too ridged so even when concealed with the color coat it still feels unnaturally stiff. The colors are hard to match because you must wait for it to dry overnight to see the result and then try again for a closer match. The kit comes with a full assortment of colors for mixing but only one container of white base. You use only a small amount of color for one container of white base so you have to buy another entire kit just to get more white base.
"Simple enough, except  it cracked again"
"Had a recliner from Ashley's that the color came off the head rest.  Used 3 coats of brown mixed with a little black to restore it back to its original color, then sealed it.  It's been about 3 months now and unless you knew it had been re colored you wouldn't be able to tell it from the remainder of the recliner.  Was seriously thinking of buying a new recliner until I found this touch-up kit."
"I bought it to repair my black color purse, I was hoping to do that faster. When I opened it I realized that it will be not enough black color for doing that. But I had other colors what, actually, I did not need at all! So I guess this product is not bad, I did not have a chance to use I returned it, but I prefer to buy something like that but only black color and a LOT of black )))"
none of the patches matched my boot to repair it
This leather Touch Up worked great.  Thank you
This worked great on our leather couch! We highly recommend it .
Color matched good but clear coat finish is soooo shiny you can tell where repair/cover up was. If the chair was brand new it would still be to glossy. But you have to use clear coat or color will rub off.
"Eh. It's not great, but it's a quick fix."
"We recently moved to a new home and were looking for furniture for our basement.  We were planning to take our living room set down there, since all the color was chipping off our leather couches.  It made me sick to my stomach, as this furniture is only 4 years old, and in otherwise great condition.  I really wasn't wanting to spend so much, just get a simple couch and loveseat for the basement.  $5,000 plus to replace our living room set verses $900-1,000 for a cheaper couch set somewhere.  I was reluctant that a $10 paint product could save us $4K....but it did!  We have two dogs, two kids and a cat.  The hardest part of using this, was keeping everyone off the couches for the 24 hour dry time.  Actually, it was dry before that, but I wanted to be sure to give it proper time to set.  The color guide helped me match up what colors to use.  I had 3 decent sized patches to fix, plus some minor knicks here and there.  I purchased two sets, based on the reviews saying there wasn't a lot in each package; but it turned out, I had exactly enough to finish the job.  I will keep the second set on hand, in case I ever need this again.  I actually used some of the little paint I had left on the sponge to touch up a fake wood chest that got banged up in our move.  It worked nicely on that as well (but I would caution, not to do that for any real wood furniture you actually care about getting ruined - this is a vinyl paint!).  I was pleasantly surprised by this product."
"I don't know where all the positive reviews are coming from. I followed all the instructions carefully and still ended up with horrible results. The glue appeared to be nothing more sophisticated than Elmers because after days of studiously applying layers, mixing colors and allowing for drying time, the repair spots bubbled up and peeled off my couch the first time anyone sat on it. Then I had to spend days carefully peeling the glue off the damaged areas without doing more damage. What a joke.

Also, the kit didn't come in container like the one pictured. It came in an unmarked cardboard box, and all the colors, glue and topcoat came in cheap little tubs that were difficult to open. I spilled half the topcoat when I was trying to open it."
You get what you pay for. I was expecting more.
Worked perfectly!
"We are so thankful for this product.  Our bonded leather recliners (which we use for HOURS every day) had one too many bounces by our toddlers and we wondered if anything could be done to three large tears and multiple little tears/dings ... but, we thought, for a few bucks, this was at least worth a try. My husband did a great job of mixing the colors (what a great idea!  he kept adding more black and not quite mixing it all the way in to try to match the mottled color of the leather) and we are VERY happy with the result.  Of course, the torn spots don't look perfect (we didn't expect that), but unless you look REALLY closely, the chairs look GREAT.  No big unhappy tears right when you walk into our living room.  No tempting leather scars for the boys to pick at.  A week later, they're weathering well, and this fix seems to have given life back to our chairs for many more years.  My husband touched up all the other little dings and the chairs just look great.  And we have extra repair paint if we have anything toddler loving our chairs in the future!  So thankful! See progress of the photos..."
I didn't want to trust how great this price was but I saw the customer pics and decided to give it a try. It ended up working even better than I expected!
I used the brown to cover some warn spots on my brown leather couch. It worked great you can't even see any difference between the old and new. I also mixed a gold to match my chair to cover a small area and it worked great. I highly recommend this product. It was very easy to use. The only problem I ran into was the clear finish was so clear I thought it was an empty container and I used it to mix my gold color without realizing it but it worked out OK in the end.
"Thought it was just kids paints when it arrived but mixed up the colors, applied it to the gouges in my shoes and they look awesome. Color match is the key."
"This goes on like craft paint. when dry it looks like I painted the couch with craft paint and doesn't blend well at all. Too bad, worth a try."
I have a leather sofa that got scratched in several places. All were superficial but it bothered me. I mixed the color and used my finger to apply it. It worked perfectly.
"So happy I tried it! I have an expensive leather handbag that is off white in color. I'm tough on purses and got scratches on it and color on the leather on the edges wore off a bit. It took a bit of time to get the color just right, but the results are amazing! Unless you looked at it from a few inches away, you'd never notice it was repaired! So happy!"
Great product!  Worked like a charm!
"It did work in covering worn places on a leather couch. But, the tiny cups of dye were hard for me to open without getting the dye all over. I'm 6' 3"" at 280 pounds, so I am not delicate at all. Then mixing in the color to match the couch was again with a tiny little plastic stirrer kind of messy. It did work and matched the couch perfectly. At this price I would recommend it to others and would buy it again if I needed it."
horrible product that made the damage worse.  Colors were hard to match and did not blend well.  do not purchase
Worked fine
it does the job!
"Looks good at first but repair tends to crack and peel after  some use.

D. E. meyers"
This is an excellent product and will definitely take care of any leather repair job.
Product worked great.
Nice little kit but I could not match the interior leather on a 2012 Tundra that had a worn area. Got pretty close but wanted it to match. It would be nice to have something that let's you get close to the color based on what color leather the manufacturers are using. The interior leather is a beige/tan.
"I originally thought this product worked great! I mixed and applied the patch to a part of my couch that was peeling. It looked good and blended well. Unfortunately, only a few months later, it began to peel. Now I have an even worse mess than before."
"I do not recommend. I needed to repair two scuffs on a red leather couch. I used a lot of paint trying to match the color, which was difficult and difficult to apply. I'd stick with a marker or shoe polish going forward."
Ok
OK
exellent
"I purchased this product after the dye on our sofa started wearing off where my husband sat (I guess the oils on his head were caustic to the cheap dye used on the leather). I tried sharpies, but they did not stay, so I took a chance on this product. My sofa is sort of a mottled brown, so I mixed up a darker brown and used the brown that came with the kit. It worked fine for my needs. You can't really tell from a distance that I painted the area, but if you look closely, it's evident. It will work just fine for my situation, but if you are wanting a more expert look, this is not the way to go."
It's actually more difficult that it seems. To mix the paint and get the perfect color is very difficult and there's a long list on how to make colors but how do you know what color it will actually be? You can mix it and then add more brown or black to get it lighter or darker until it matches but still a little off.
"The touch up kit did a great job of covering the scratches on my leather furniture.  However, I believe that it is a big challenge for most people to be able to mix the color correctly to match.  I am an artist with an understanding of color and it took me some time to get it right.  The touch up kit does have all the colors necessary to mix any color just be sure to start with small amounts and test the color after it dries before a final applications."
I tried to match the color and it was really hard to do. It does come with a ton of colors to try and color match your leather that needs to be repaired.  It also didn't last very long. We used it for the arm of our chair. It might work better if it is in a less used area.
"This is basically the cheapest and ugliest way to fix damage on leather. If you want the worst result possible for fixing leather, buy this."
"Take your time to mix the color, and you will be very impressed. Wait the FULL drying time without peeking."
Purchased for my mother. She is now the fix it queen.
Very hard to understand. Did not use the product.
"This is great little kit, but the finish wore off pretty easy and the leather filler did as well.
This might work on a section of a chair that was accidently poked etc... but not on any seating surface.
Color mixing was ok, it is really up to your own ability, I got a decent match"
"The colour went on very good.  The only complaint I have is when I put the clear finish on you can see the shine.  I am going to use Mink oil. I hope
that will take away the shine so you don't notice it."
overpriced
"Thought this would be tough to match - but it was very easy! I dreaded trying this, but was pleasantly surprised."
good
"I was pleasantly surprised at how good of a job this kit did. I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 because you don't get very much product at all. With the areas I need to fix on my couch I will need at least 3 kits total. You get the same amount of colors as you do clear coat and vinyl adhesive. They come in little pots like the kind your kids get paints in.  If your couch is rubbed all the way down to the fabric you will need a good bit of the vinyl adhesive as a base layer first. I think they should have given at least 3x as much of the vinyl adhesive as they provided.

I have an Ashley Furniture couch that they swore would last for years and years. I even bought the warranty. However, rubs like this are considered ""normal wear and tear"". Since I saw another review with my exact same couch #1 I will never buy another Ashley Furniture couch and #2 I definitely recommend this product for anyone else who got duped by their ""durablend leather"" claim.

I'm going to buy another 2 kits of this and hopefully my couch will last through my kids destruction years.

I am adding before and after photos. It is important to note that in the last photo the final ""clear coat"" is not fully dry yet."
"If you have a plain color, like black or white, it may work.  Mine is a light yellowish beige and although I could mix it and put it next to the seat, it was perfect, but when dried, it was awful.  I didn't put on the finisher because I didn't want to seal it in.  I paint pictures and can usually make combinations spot on.  After 4 coats, it still wasn't covering.  I started just peeling it off and am going to take it to a detailer ($60), which I should have done in the first place.  Now they will likely charge more to get rid of this stuff.  Was so hopeful.  Looks worse."
It worked fairly well to cover the scratch mark on my leather sofa. It takes some mastery to mix the colors to match the color you want. My sofa has different shades of brown in it so the exact match was not important to me.
"Worked great to hide the discolored leather where my dog scratched my 2 year old $2,000 sofa.  Color matched perfectly (my sofa is a very dark brown) and was so easy to mix.  I just mixed a small amount at a time, according to the enclosed mixing chart.  After applying the clear coat the next day, it blended so well, others couldn't tell where I repaired it.  I've lived with the sofa for three months so far and it still looks as good as the first day I used it.  Very, very pleased with the product as well as the price."
"Unbelievable product!  It repaired my leather couch that was damaged by my dog. Saved me from getting it reupholstered!

Peg D"
very small amount of paint but all in all worked pretty well.  would have liked more of the sealer to seal the new pant color.  time will tell how good the product stays on the leather
I was hesitant to buy this-let me tell you. I was amazed! I mixed two colors together and put it on the scratches and marks on our leather couches. It worked so well and my husband and I loved how much better and newer our leather couches looked!
"I had several scratches on my sofa and love seat. This product has worked as described. If need be, I'd order it again."
"My dog scratched  up my brown leather couch pretty good. This worked great, I used a damp paper towel a few minutes after applying the color.  I spread it around evenly on the couch and that seemed to work the best!"
Did not work as described.
Perfect!
Ok product. Pays to spend more. Delivery was quick
Didn't work for me!! Wouldn't buy again!
"This is some good stuff that works, just make sure you get the right color."
"Great, Work perfeckly"
"First of all the directions were unclear. When I put the glue on and the grain, I ended up pulling up the leather that was intact. Not happy"
Works well
I was shocked how well it worked and how good the color matched . Took some time to tint the color the right way and keep in mind it dries a little darker then it looks while it's wet .
wasted monies
This is a great product. I had a black leather jacket where the leather was starting to wear off. I bought this and mixed the black paint with a little water and starred dabbing it on the jacket with the sponge that is included in the kit. The jacket is as good as new now. It took two coats of this but it worked and I didn't need to use a lot of paint for it either. Definitely worth it.
My leather couch was against the wall and when I moved it-it was discolored in a large spot by the wall/paint. I used this kit to touch it up and it blended perfectly. It looks great now and you absolutely cannot tell there was an issue.
Dont waste your money.
This did not work at all.  The color mixing did not come close to matching the product I needed to repair.  It was a waste of money.
"Great kit. Nice details like test patch for testing color and texture patches. Stir stick is plastic and easy to clean. Tubs of color seal up well. You have to get the color perfect for an invisible repair, so practice a few times first."
"This worked pretty well, I guess.  I have a leather recliner that my cat likes to sit on top of, but it rocks every time she jumps off, thus making her extend her claws and try to latch on.  The headrest area was ripped up pretty bad.  I used the white stuff to ""glue"" it back down, and then tried my best to color match to touch up.  It was a pretty large area though.  It kind of looks like I used mud to put it on, and then let it dry that way.  None of the little scraps of leather matched my grain to make it look legit.  The chair looks better than it was, so ultimately, it is worth the money, as it was inexpensive. Not a perfect match on color and certainly not on texture.  To someone who was just glancing at the chair, they might not notice it.  We keep a blanket over it now to avoid the cat recreating the problem."
Not anything like I expected.  This is like old thick paint by number paint. Was expecting more of a stain for leather.
Had a very hard time matching the paint color of my furniture even after reading directions carefully. I thought I had a good match but the paint dried about 3 shades darker ! Thank goodness the paint wipes off with alcohol even after its dried which raises another concern of how well it would actually last. Also the patch to fix a tear is about the size of one color sample card. Not enough to fix a 6 inch thin tear. The glue is Elmer's glue. I doubt that lasts long. Very disappointed.
"Did well, but hard to get desired color with colors provided, without some sort of guide"
"Wasn't too sure, but am very pleased at how easy it is to use and how well the colors mix and blend."
AS ADVERTIZED
"This product has been around for a long time. I used it years ago with great success and should chose it first, this time. Instead, I picked another (newer) product that did not work. So, I had to go back and order this touch up kit. It is amazing!"
I used this product on my Grandson's faux leather jacket.  Our larger Golden Retriever scratched at him and made two holes in the material.  I used this and it worked perfectly.  It came with numerous color containers allowing the user to blend the color to match what they are repairing.  I was able to mix the brown and black colors to match the jacket.  I would definitely recommend this product.  I only wish I took before and after pictures to show how well it worked.
"When it came it looked so cheap that I was nervous. No fancy packaging. BUT YES GOD, it worked sooooooo well. I thought it would be though to get the colors combined for the right match, but it was easy to ""eye ball"" and get right. Even if you get it close it somehow blends in perfectly. This saved me from buying a new couch."
"I was impressed by this product. My daughter got fingernail polish on our couch and in trying to get it off, we ended up with a big white spot. This takes a little practice, but it goes on and stays on! Nice to have for future ""oooppps"" too. This goes a long way!"
works
Easy to match the color. Did a good job covering an approx. 2x2 inch area where the color had worn off.
Works perfectly for shoe repairs (my use) and im sure itd work perfectly for any other leather item!
The glue is ok. But dries pretty hard
Won't use again.
Works great! Had to repair my sofa and it got the job done
Great kit!  Quite surprised how well it worked!
"Worked wonders on my leather sofa. My husbands head sweats and discolored brown leather so I mixed the brown with some black until it matched. Applied it with my hand, let dry and used clear finisher. Looks like new!!"
"It's ok. It isn't a miracle worker. It is really tough to mix the paint to get an exact match of my dark brown, almost black couch. The damaged area is right on the seam to my armrest where the puppy gnawed at it. This stuff is ok but not perfect. Then again, the area I am trying to fix seems to be a really difficult area to do. This stuff would be perfect if I was just trying to repair a scratch or small tear since it is good with blending, but what I am doing is trying to fix an entire corner seam of an armrest so I'm having a tough time. It is good enough so that your eyes don't go straight to the damaged area."
"Great touch up kit, worked beautifully on my leather couch"
"Didn't work as expected. Although the color went on great and matched, the color came off after about a week."
We have dark brown leather furniture and it worked perfectly to get rid of all the scratch marks!
"This worked surprisingly well that I got ahead of myself and didn't read the instructions properly.
I would skip the clear coat at the end though, I thought the gloss made the leather repair look a bit tacky, but overall this did the trick to my peeling couches."
"Fastest delivery possible!
Great product. You can match any color you want. Love it."
It worked but you have to know how to mix colors
Good product.
"It does the job if recoloring the rip is all you're after. Basically, this is just paint."
It worked really good for us
Great!
Box of primary colored paint!  Mixing just makes a mess!
it was ok I did not know how to mix the colors
"Clear sealant peals after a week. Color matching okay, but noticeable since it changes the texture. Adhesive is a joke - just use a tiny amount of gorilla glue instead if trying to patch pieces of cracked bonded leather. Gorilla glue swells though so I used putty knife just to scrape the tiniest bit on. It also dries very hard, so don't use to patch large areas. Once dried I painted over with this kit."
Yuck. Nothing like the video.
"This product does really works.  Tried on my car leather, as there's a small patch like ""scrubbed off"" / worn out,  I clean with some Alcohol (IPA), paper towel dry to ensure surface is clean and dry. Then just apply liquid leather, waited 15 mins, use my finger to scrub off the excess, and apply second layer. Same process, after 15 mins rub gently with finger tip, at parameters of the repair patch, and leave it for 24 hours.  Now it looks like there's nothing there, the patch is gone. It looks a bit darker at first when not fully dried."
I brought this product for my  leather sofa that was starting to get worn in certain areas and it worked great. You can't  even  see where it was  repaired. I highly recommend this product
I think i put it on to thick. Really did work but I should have taken my time doing it..
Ended up with a good color match but the mixture I applied ended up way too thick. Should have used more water for sure
"Love it , Thanks"
Didn't work well
"The most difficult part of this process is getting the color exactly right - they give you good instructions, but you still have to get it exactly right.  After that it works wonderfully.  Fixed a few spots on my leather couch that were worn out - looks perfect!"
Do NOT order this! Very small bottle of nothing more than bad paint. Item I used it on looked WORSE after I used this than when I started. ZERO stars if that was an option.
Works great. I had to wipe down the seat with a cloth and water to perfectly match the color. It work
"Hard to match color, but covered good and looks good so far."
Worked wonders-fixed the spot perfectly! Highly recommend!!
Doesn't match well with tan colors
Didn't work - didn't give enough of the color required to do anything other than very minor touch ups.  Think of number paint sets and this is about the size of the colors given.  Then the off-white dye didn't fix the scratches.
does what it says the way it says. easy to use and for a good price. I'm happy.
Our chair is dark brown.  The color selection was not helpful in mixing/matching colors.
this box was in rough shape when i received it.  several color capsules where cracked and leaking.
If  I could give this a zero star rating I would. Absolute waste of money. I have a black couch that needs some repair on the cushions. There wasn't even enough to do a 3 inch section. When I did it woe off within a day. Do not waste your money on this junk.
Did the trick very nicely.  Easy to use also.  Will definitely get it again if i need to.  Thank you.
"Product was easy to use. The instructions were clear, so mixing allowed us to make a perfect match. Used on a few spots and have plenty to touch up any further wear and tear. Would definitely purchase again."
not even instructions I constantly mixed and was unable to match my color.
"The ex-girlfriend got mad at me because my dog scratched her leather couch. Or so she *says*. I'm not convinced one of her devil horns wasn't the culprit... Anyway... In an effort to keep her happy, I bought this leather repair kit. It was the least I could do to try to mend things. It worked well. No complaints at all.

It's too bad the leather kit couldn't save the relationship. The moment she started pointing fingers at my dog, I should've known it was over. Free tip to all the ladies out there... Never come between a man and his dog. It simply won't work out."
Didn't work. Made the damage on my sofa worse.  Don't waste your $
This stuff did a great job on leather chairs in my office. I patched a tear in one and repaired flaking on another. The color mixed easily and the kit even came with a sealer. I'll order it again.
It works as described.
Very good
Nothing great as to be expected used it to patch some small cuts buy you can easily see them still.
Cheap and easy to use.  Save money and do it yourself.  Worked very well on my black leather car seats
It worked better than I expected it to. Pleasantly surprised.
"Worst product ever. Impossible to exactly match a color - even when you think you've got it , it dries darker. Then add the clear coat, which did nothing but attract dust and dirt. This product ruined my white leather sectional. I wish I would've left it alone. The few cat scratches on it were hard to see compared to dark blotches where I used this. And yes, I read instructions and reviews carefully, one couch took almost four hours with all the color mixing and matching..."
it's messy and you have to mix the paint to the right color... you can still tell where I touched it up but it is still better than it was before
Didn't work as expected
This worked fantastically!! I wish it had come with more of the gloss though.
Worked great!
good kit
Good product
"Worked great, looks great."
Works pretty well.
"Finally, something that works to repair my leather furniture.  I have a 'composite' leather (pressed leather pieces like plywood is constructed) and the coloring had worn off in spots.  I tried many different things to hide the ugly spots but nothing worked.  This took some practice in order to get the color right and now I can't even tell where it was repaired.  The great thing is that, if you don't like the results, it will rub right off so you can easily try again.  It has been on for only a few weeks so I cannot comment on the durability.
UPDATE Oct 31, 2015: Unfortunately, all of the color has rubbed off probably because it was in a highly used area."
This touch-up kit works really well.  I was able to patch some worn leather on a couch and love seat.  It seems to be holding up....
Worked well on our leather sofa. I was presently surprised. Don't expect an absolutely perfect match.
Works great
A little hard to match.
This product is advertised to provide a perfect match to worn leather.....I have a dark brown leather couch that has a few cracks in the leather from normal use.  I tried mixing every single brown color combination provided in the kit and nothing came close.
Thx
Are cat had created of variety of small scratches on the back of our red leather sofa and chairs.  With this kit I was able to mix a little blue into the red to get a good color match.  I dabbed the paint on with the brush onto the scratches and blotted off with a paper towel. The scratches are not completely gone but now they are not very noticeable
"DID NOT COVER SMALL SPOT, WHERE A LITTLE COLOR OF THE LEATHER, CAME OFF, NEW CHAIR, I NEEDED A DARK BROWN"
"Too difficult to use, not as expected."
I bought this for a leather headboard that my cat got to.  It is dark brown leather so I had to mix the colors.  didn't get the exact color match but it still did what I expected.
Works great on my ranch boots
"I am very happy with product I had a stain on leather sofa , I followed instructions and the stain is gone"
I got a great deal on a very expensive jacket with a pencil eraser sized hole in the back. I was skeptical that I would be able to match the light pinky beige color.  I was wrong.  It took a few attempts but I found an almost perfect match.  Great stuff.
It works great for small areas.  Easy to use though mixing and matching colors can be difficult.  So far I like how it's worked.
got this for scratches on a leather couch.  Found it difficult to match the couch color.  shoe polish seems easier to use for my purposes.
not to bad nice to fix scratches
"This product went above and beyond my expectations !  It not only repaired small cracks in my leather sofa, chair, and ottoman but covered large areas of wear as well.  Thank you.  Great product !!!!!!"
A bit tricky to get the exact color match but well worth the try. This saved my sofa. It was damaged from the sunlight. There is enough to try 1-2 batches before I hit it exactly.
Works as advertised but tricky to use properly....try a practice path first.....smoothes on nicely with plastic collar stay
It doesn't do what is advertised for
Worked as expected. It saved me $2000.  I almost trashed this couch but now it can last me another couple years.
"Covered a large discolored area of leather chair.
I 'm pleasantly surprised. If it wears as well as it covers i I'll be ecstatic."
"Works pretty dang well, just make sure to get enough kits to fix the job that you have. I have a black pleather couch that has age splits all over and this has fixed the issues, but where I spread it too thin back 6 months ago is starting to show and I'm going to have to buy two more kits to cover the splits.

I had 3 larger gashes and the kit came with everything to fix those and those 3 large tears are still holding strong. So when you use enough of the solution from the kit, it will definitely hold for a long time.

ALSO, PLEASE NOTE THAT THIS KIT IS ALMOST IDENTICAL TO SIMILAR KITS OUT THERE, BUT THIS KIT COMES WITH ONE EXTRA CONTAINER WITH THE CLEAR COAT TO FINISH OFF THE REPAIR. AKA IT'S BETTER THAN THE OTHER KITS."
Seems really complicated. We have to make our own paint colors? Not what I was looking for.
good
Good product. Nice to do business again
Tough to get an exact color match
It worked as described. I needed to darken some worn spots on leather furniture.  The only difficult part was mixing colors to get the correct color.  I paint as a hobby so didn't have as much trouble as someone who doesn't work with color mixing.
"had the cording on a black leather couch crack and this took care of the problem, not perfect but still great"
"Excellent product! I recently bought a vintage Coach bag from a second-hand store with scratches all over it, in a much lighter color than the bag. The leather's color was also not uniform - darker in some spots, lighter in others. At first I lightly dabbed the product on (without adding water to my mixture like the instructions say), and it was alright, but it had a dullness to it I didn't especially like. So I changed my method. First I dabbed the sponge in the color I mixed, and then I dipped it into the Clear Finish container. At this point I rubbed it gently but firmly in circles around the area I wanted to cover up. I had to do a few tries to get the color just right, but if you rub it firmly with the Clear Finish it should come off even if it's been on for a few days. Now it looks better than I ever hoped for. In most areas, it looks like it had never been scratched in the first place! And a place where there was a gouge, you can barely see it anymore (I did not use the Vinyl Adhesive though, so I cannot comment on the effectiveness of that substance).

Now my Coach bag is like new! I'd highly recommend this for an inexpensive way to fix your nice leather.

Note: The stuff dries somewhat quickly inside and especially outside of the container - be sure to put the caps back on when you can!"
Worked well.
Very poor material after I used 3 times it looks like sheep I well put a pic you can what I am talk in about .no good it all I put 0 star better I could not
"It does a decent job, but the real benefit is the customer service, who advised me on the best way to fix my seat, and sent additional product to ensure a good finish. The least I can do is leave a positive review. Besides that, it did a decent job of patching a seat with a long tear, missing color, and missing foam. It isn't perfect, but it will do the job."
Was pretty easy to use.  Seems like the color will last.  Has a bit of a learning curve involved.  Glad I don't need to repair our leather often.
didnt use order wrong item
I still have to clean them up a bit but it appears to be working well! I bought stupid unfinished leather boots so scratched my first day wearing them but paid over $100 so tried to save them. I'll let everyone know how it is after I put the clear coat and wear!
"The kit came with everything that was advertised.  The bottles containing the colors are very small, but sufficient to cover several small areas or one large depending on how much of each color you need to mix to achieve the desired shade.  That's where MY problem comes in.  I could never get a good match to my damaged leather's color.  Also, there is a clear coat to apply after your color and the instructions say to apply it with a paper towel.  Disaster-I ended up with ""fuzzies"" stuck to my patch."
"way too little provided and the sponge is ridiculously small too.  However, I used it for a couch.  If it was just for a shoe or purse, it would probably be fine."
Product fair
"Haven't used it yet, but it looks good."
"I bought this product to fix a burgundy sofa, the red in this kit was an awful pinkish/red in which I could not blend to get the right color I needed.  The black was thicker than the other colors & had solidified pieces.  This product is crap, don't waste your money."
The product left a big paint spot in the middle of our leather pillow. It looks terrible.
Tough to use well.
This is the best product I came across. It made my leather sofa look brand new again. If you are looking to fix/repair your sofa I would say buy this product. That's why I give it five stars
Received in good shape. Thanks Bob
I bought this and did not have much luck.  It is a mess to mix and the color doesn't last.  There is a much easier way...brown leather scratches = brown shoe polish paste.  Works great.
This leather paint stuff sucks. There is hardly any paint to touch up my leather couches and I would have been better off purchasing leather stain at Tandy Leather.
"This was truly a fantastic purchase!  Our brand new leatherette couches were damaged when being delivered. It was just as good as the other reviewers said!  It was easy to use, matched perfectly, and has lasted a long time!  Also, a lot of the damage were 1/4 inch in size, and this product filled it in."
Terrible. My son could only lay wirh it 2 or 3 days.
I have not had much luck with matching the color but will keep trying.
Did the job at first. Not very happy now that  am wearing the shoes. It seems to peel a little.
Not as good a product that I thought it would be.
Useless.
Used this item to repair our beat up and battered leather sofa and easy chair. Works well.
Received it thanks
works great.
"I was skeptical that this stuff would do the job, but it is AMAZING for scratch repair. Very pleased. I buffed it with a soft dry microfiber cloth to blend/remove excess when I was finished and you CANNOT tell where minor scratches were. My couch looks new!"
"I think it is not the product, it is me who just can't make this work. After watching a lot of Utube videos on how to apply, it worked and look fine (color was a bit off). However, after a few months the paint wears off and the old scratches are back, and not it looks worst than without..."
Took the colour off the leather settee
"It worked! It didn't look like it would and I actually over thought it but when you get it....read the directions and mix the color and do it! Then, after it dries, seal it and you will be happy!!!  Don't judge the book by the cover!  I used it after finger nail polish remover stripped my color from my leather recliner and you can not tell my leather chair was ever hurt but, when the package arrived, it looked like a pre-schooler was coming over! Thankful and loved the results!!!!!"
"Great product for the money! I had a patch of very obvious discoloration on my sofa. My sofa is dark Marion brown. I mixed brown, red and black and got the exact match, pretty close. The discoloration is not noticeable at all. It's wonderful. I'm very please with the product and would recommend it to anybody. The wonderful thing is if you make a mistake you can rub it off with water and do it again. If it dries up just use nail polish remover and you can peel it off and redo. That's how I did mine and got the perfect color."
This was perfect....can't even tell it has been repaired! Amazing!
"This product works. Even I could do it. That says something. I had to try many times, though, but I didn't expect to get it in one shot. I had scruffed up a quarter-sized circle on my couch and it bothered me, so I decided to give it a try. The most challenging part was getting the right beige color mix (white + brown).. It took me 20 tries, each time using the clear finish to erase, but finally I got it!
So far the touch up has stayed put (has been 6+ months now). It didn't dry up and fall off as some others have said. Might come back and add some pics."
"I was a bit skeptical about ordering the product even though the product had good reviews. Our cat had left some noticeable claws marks and scratches on some very expensive dark leather living room furniture. After using the repair kit I would say the claw marks are barely noticeable (even to me). It filled in the small puncture marks as well as the much longer scratches, some 3-6"" long. I'm very pleased with the results. My only suggestion is that I wish they would offer different finishing options with the sealer clear coat. The clear coat appears to be a high gloss finish that stood out until I toned it down with some dark brown shoe wax. It would be nice to have a choice using either a satin or gloss clear coat. Other than that, I'm very pleased with the results."
LOVE THIS. I GOT THIS FOR MY COUCH/SOFA AND CHAIR. WE HAVE A DOG. IT MAKES SCRATCHES IN THE LEATHER REALLY FINE. THIS WORKS GREAT
Worked as expected.
all as promised
"We had a tiny nick in our vinyl covered chair. Bought this brand because so many of the other repair kits said to use an iron to set the repair. Didn't feel comfortable using an iron on vinyl and this kit didn't require that. This kit came with several plastic cups of paint of different colors which you mix together to get the desired color to match your project. That was a bit tricky, you only need a tiny bit of color to mix with the white. But I managed to get the color very close to what I needed. Nobody but me knows there was a nick but it was very small. A larger repair will probably be noticed but no repair comes out looking just like new. I would buy this again."
works like a charm.
"I ordered this kit in order to patch up holes in my new leather couch that were put there by our cats. I figured that I could at least try to repair the poke holes and if it didn't work, no real loss because the price of the kit is fairly cheap compared to other brands.

Last night, I used the black color, which matches our couch perfectly. I followed the directions exactly except that I did use a hair dryer to dry the color, and then the clear coat, quickly.

My thoughts:

The whole process is a sloppy one. Wear gloves or fight the stains on your fingers. The sponge included is very small but manageable. The brush is virtually useless, in my opinion. The kit does not include near enough of the clear coat/sealant. Try to use it sparingly so you don't run out! Be careful about ""thinning"" the dye too much - the directions say to add a few drops of water to thin, but I thinned it too much and had to add more dye to thicken it back up.

The holes don't show unless I get up close. You can really feel them if you run your hands over them. We have our couch in the family room where the lighting is a bit more dim most of the time, so I'm not hyperventilating about the fact that it's not perfect. However, if I had the couch in the living room where there are a lot more windows, I might be concerned. Of course, the holes are a result of naughty kitties and not the touch up kit. I doubt that you can fix punctures in leather completely unless you buy something way more expensive or hire a professional.

The bottom line is that I was neither disappointed or overly satisfied with the kit. It helped hide the holes with more black dye but did not cover over them enough to make the couch seem new or refurbished. Would I buy it again? Probably not. I would likely go with a product that promised more even if it did cost more money."
"Mixing the color to fix a tear in my Buick leather was the hardest part as it was a shale color. I kept adding different colors to come up grayish, tan cream color. The color wasn't a perfect match for the 5 areas I did but very close. Cheaper than taking it to a upholstery shop by a long shot. Being PATIENT is the key doing the task. The Liquid Leather Color Pen Kit is made by this company which I bought also. Haven't tried it yet."
took some effort and you have to have a sense of color and mixing but it came out just right. all little goes along way in mixing.
"I bought this to touch up my leather couch. There was not enough of the color to do a large peice. The color stained rather than blended into the leather, no matter how much I rubbed. The color assortment included blue and white and yellow but not enough black and brown. It worked ok on touching up some shoes but that was not what I bought it for. I do not recommend this product."
"Not quite enough color to mix in a two small container, but it works."
Very cheap.
Works just fine.
Tried it and it worked well. I couldnot findthe color chart but figured it out on my own. Recommended.
it was completely dried out - great seller
previous tenant hosed sofa bed and did crappy job trying to cover it up with black magic maker then brown magic marker....this kit let me fix it right...now if you didn't know where the idiot hosed it you would never know....
I needed this kit to do some repairs. I used this on my leather couch. They worked just fine. Thanks
Works fine but glue is water soluble. Could potentially be a problem for things like jackets that get wet.
It works as it should be working
"Just used it, worked okay but not enough clear coat for the amount of color they give you.  I'm left with enough color to use again but without clear coat it's useless."
difficult to match color
Used the  product &  it's okay on small  surface  scratches....from a  distant its not  noticeable  but  close  up  you  can  see the  slight  touch  up....
"Amazing stuff.  I used it to refresh a Coach wristlet purse that has sentimental value as a gift.  I've had it for 5 years plus, and it was getting worn after much use.  Following the instructing on the kit, it looks like new again, and I like the shininess that the clear coat adds.  I will update this review if the finish does not last.  I would expect it to last a year at least, with frequent use, so we will see."
I thought this was a great product for the price. It worked as advertised. The most important thing is to not rush and take the time to match the color properly. My chair was dark brown so it wasn't too much mixing required to get an exact match. I did one coat and waited until the next night to apply a second coat. It came out really good. I thought I was going to have to throw my comfortable office chair out because it had a few tears in the seat and on the arms but now I can keep it for awhile longer since it looks so much better now.
i used this product in my car. One I was able to match the colour. It worked really well. You need to apply it in several coats. I'm satisfied.
Great product.
DID NOT WORK ONLY MADE THE AREA LOOK WORSE!
Do Not Waste Your Money!!!
I am pleasantly surprised by this kit. I've used it on two large areas on my faux leather couch and they look great! Must better than I'd ever expected. I have only had it a couple weeks but so far the durability is great as well. I'd recommend.
This stuff rocks! It was so easy to use and covered up the cat scratches in my end chair - very excited to have my chair restored to new!
Hard to use
never matched and by the time you get close you run out.
This product worked far better than I could have imagined.  It was easy to mix the colors to blend with my leather couch and chair.  Very happy with the results.
"This ACTUALLY works! I was very skeptical when I bought it considering the price but so far so good I was able to get the exact color match without having to mix any colors and you will have to look real hard to see the difference in the recolored area. The only thing I m concerned about is durability. I m not sure how long it will hold up to wear and tear, which is the only reason I didn't give 5 stars! But I would recommend this product without any reservations."
I'm glad I have it but to be honest I haven't used it yet.. Anything other than a marker is Gd enough for me..!!
"It works OK, but like all these tools I suspect that the key to success is experience. I have a decent capability to color-mix by eye from Art school, but the actual application left a so-so repair (still better than a rip though)."
Product arrived with paint and supplies in a cardboard box. NOT in what the picture shows. 2 of the paints were dried out. Would not buy from again
Great product. Delivered on time and worked as expected.
Worked like a charm on a good size cut in our leather couch. Crisis adverted (I caused the tear) in our home
Did not meet my expectations this is not workable
"My newish Ashley leather couch started losing coloring where my husband typically sits. Don't ask me how that happened but it is his fault. I have used markers, sharpies and even furniture stain pens to correct the issue. I am glad I bought this kit. I worked perfectly and I am thankful for the color chart. It helped me mix the correct formula to match my couch color."
"My initial impression of this is it's going to be a bad product. I received it yesterday and it looks nothing like the picture. Just some small vials of paint tossed in a clear plastic bag.

Performance review to follow. I'm not holding my breath."
Awesome
"Get some white glue, acrylic paint, vinyl strips with different grains, and a sponge paint brush.  That's what's in the package and very tiny amounts of each.  Put the white glue on the tear (use a piece of fabric underneath if you need to, put the slick side of the vinyl grain piece against it and let it dry.  Peel the vinyl off slowly and paint the glued spot with acrylic paint.  There.  Now no one needs to buy this kit."
This item arrived missing 1 or 2 things that were supposed to be in the kit.  I have only used it to fix a small hole in a parking brake boot.  Worked well considering the price.
good
Good Deal Well Dealt - Thank you!
"If you are an artist who regularly mixes paints of different colors to achieve a new color, you will delight in this product.  For the rest of us who are not color-mixing gifted, getting the right shade is problematic, especially given the small amount of primary color paint provided. Don't expect to be able to re-do large areas of leather...this is clearly just a touch up kit."
"I fixed 2 of my leather chairs with this and they look so much better.  However, I'll need to do it again because it does wear off.  Next time I'm going to use the liquid that came with the package to fix the chairs before I apply the color again."
"Lupin, Lupon and Leppan."
Good product. Good price. Shipped fast.
No good
Very nice product
I was expecting a professional product so I could repair a few very minor tears in my leather couch/love seat from my two kids. What I received in the mail looks sort of like a toddler art project. I think using black nail polish could have easily gotten the same result... blah :/
Not the most natural effect but at least it covers scratches.
Hard to mix color exactly. Doesn't last.
"The product came in a plain brown cardboard box, not as shown. Inside the box were thrown some plastic containers of paint that looked like some child's play set. The typed instructions referenced a ""color chart"" on the reverse side, but none were to be found. Luckily the scratch that I tried to repair is not very big, but I should have just left it as is instead of trying to use this ""kit."" Don't waste your time with this product."
So far so good. Easy instructions. Looks great. Don't know how it will hold up yet but happy to this point.
This is a horrible product....I received little bottles of paint that you would get in a kids color kit at the dollar store....not even worth rating....maybe a negative 5 stars
"Very disappointed.  Looks more like a paint by numbers set.  Cheap and junkie.

Tim"
"I finally came across this amazing Touch Up Kit!  This is the greatest Leather Touch Up that is out on the market. It works wonderful as stated. The other brands don't work, and it just makes it look worse. Thanks again for JM Sourcing. JM Sourcing has great products and speedy delivery."
"Waste of time and money, guess nothing is easy anymore."
"Great Product and worked well to repair worn color change on a leather couch.
ONLY 2 Stars because of Terrible Support and Missing Instructions for use.

Instructions referred to a color chart on the reverse side that was blank.  An email and phone message to the company have not been returned."
big mess to use.
Item is being returned. It is only enough to cover a small area. I need to fix a sofa.
awesome
Works wonders.
Works very well if you can get the color right!
Worked great! Especially for the price!
Not very impressed you better understand colors.
Great product. Works as avertised.
Gre! at
Very hard to use. Needed cream but a little yellow in the white turned it all orange.
This product doesn't work as advertised.  After a few weeks the product peals like a scab.  Don't waste your money!
Does not work as I thought it would
Did the trick
"I order this product for my leather couch. My cat had scratched a small area. I followed the manufactured direction.  After it dried I notice it was peeling and flakiness. Don't waste your money. It peeling even more....mess up couch,  I can see the cloth!"
"Works great, you might need two if you have a big spot to patch"
Hard to match
you get what you pay for
It's a pretty good product.
"I used this on a Lazy Boy navy blue leather chair because the seat leather was developing white cracking. The product seems to be just acrylic paint, but I mixed it up & painted it on. I wiped it off the leather with a damp cloth before it dried so it just stained the cracks. The next day I used neutral shoe polish to bring up the shine. The chair looks like new. But I do think you could do the same with any acrylic paint."
This product helped to fill in and match the color of the leather.  I had severe cat scratches it helped to hide.  You can still feel the scratches but they are not visible.  This product was definitely less expensive than replacing my leather sectional.
"I had a small corner type tear on the side of a vinyl chair - glued the edges together let it dry for a couple days and used the white color to cover the visible edge. Gave it 3 coats of color - coat then dry then coat etc. and anyway finished with clear coat. If I look very close I can still see where the tear was but others cannot find it - so it's cool. That's the only time I used this kit and it did the job beautifully, but I can't speak to a tear where there would be pressure or movement like on the seat itself."
Very useful
just cheap stuff....  you need a lot of patience and talent to use it
Thanks
This liquid leather touch up worked wonders on my sofa! I love it
"Not too bad of a product, not too good either.  It's actually quite difficult to mix colors together to try and match your individual leather color perfectly.  But in the end, I was able to make the kit work ok.  I'm not sure how long the repair will actually last, but for now I at least managed to make the damaged leather look much better."
I wish I would've bought this stuff a long time ago!!!! It was so easy to use and fixed up an expensive used purse I bought on ebay and now it looks perfect!!!
"I was impressed with this product, but I think it makes a difference what color you are trying to match.  I had a hard color to match and didn't spend much time on this part of my project.  I would have probably gotten much better results if I had!  :)  Bought some more to try it again, though!"
This product exceeded my expectations.. Worth it!!
Returned as some of my kit was hardened when opened.  Received refund.
"it was just okay.. the colors were minimal the most, not even enough to last one or 2 coats on a small surface.
Once dry, it left this dry hard coarse feeling instead of the expected smooth finishing, which i expected."
"I had 2 chairs with large areas of damage from cleaning. While this didn't make it look new, it made it look like aged leather. I would buy this again. Mixing the colors took quite awhile to get the right shade. I did two coats. Slightly darker the first day, let it dry, went over it with another slightly lighter the next. Let it dry a day then added the clear coat. 3 months later, it still looks good."
Nine item. Thanks
My couch literally poops this stuff on my floor  when someone stands up or sits down on my couch. SUCKS THE BIG ONE!
"Not exactly what I was expecting.  It took a long time to use, wasn't the easiest to color match and then left noticeable marks all over the leather furniture I used it on."
"This is just a tiny repair lit, for attempting to fix very small damaged areas. It comes with primary colored ""dye"" that you have to try to match yourself. I wanted something to restore the color on a well used purse and this mess isn't it. It would be extremely difficult to use for it's intended purpose."
better instructions for mixing would help
Dont waste your money.  Absolutely worthless.
"This product is amazing! My dogs had seriously scratched our bonded leather furniture and it looked awful. I researched many products before resting on this one though didn't expect much. I bought 2 kits based upon other reviews about small pots of product. Luckily for me the brown pot exactly matched the color of our furniture so I didn't have to mix any colors. I found it best to use a little water on the sponge applicator to spread the product and it worked great. Would consider using a sponge type paint brush in the future, though as the applicator got messy. I covered a lot of area and still have some brown left over for touch ups. Will need more sealer, though. This inexpensive product has saved us from needing to buy new furniture. You can not even tell the repair was made. It looks almost brand new! I am impressed and will keep some on hand for scratches and routine touch ups. I can not recommend this highly enough. I did not have to use the repair patch so can not comment on that."
not bad
"I really expected a lot with this product. When I opened it, it's literally a tub of elmer's glue to smudge over any cracks in the leather and then a few small plastic vials of paint. Just go buy that stuff at walmart - it would be cheaper."
"Wow- I was a little scared at first, but this touch up kit works well.  It took a little fiddling with the color to get the green I needed, but I was able to go over the first coat that was a little too blue with the right color.  Does my couch look new? Of course not, but it does a pretty good job of hiding the scratches and holes."
Didn't work real well on a larger spot of naugahyde.  :(
"Not very good for leather,disappointing"
Worked GREAT!  I had foolishly used nail polish remover on my brown leather couch to try to get a small drop of nail polish off.  The brown color wiped off the couch along with the nail polish!  I mixed up the brown and black to get the deep brown color that I needed and applied according to directions.  The leather looks like it did originally.  I am so happy now because I thought I ruined our couch that we have had for less than a year!
This saved me! The color mixing is a little confusing.  you should try to mix its under bright light and compare it to the overall finish once you have it close then use white and black to play with the shade I made a dark base and overlaid some normal brown to give it a natural leather look that the couch had.the sponge is awesome applicator
"This product does not allow you the ability to match your item, terrible quality, terrible product."
worked great
"Actually works quite well. May appear a bit more shiny that a dull leather, but way better than a wear spot or scratch."
It did its job
"Didnt expect too much to start with, its just a okay product as repairs are still visible."
I was very impressed. This item worked really well.
"For minor repairs, this works wonderfully!  I had some scuffs on some leather boots and was able to hide/repair them very well with this kit.  I haven't tried the more ""in-depth"" uses, ie using the leather swatches that come in this kit, but the paints works well and is very easy to use on minor abrasions."
Results were less then satisfying.
"Most of the color mixes require white as the base - there is only one small tube of white.  The mix formulas are very limited and they do not have them per vehicle specs so you are left to your own color chemistry.  In addition the formulas are not very specific ie add a touch of black, etc. My color chemistry apparently is not good.  After a few tries I still could not get the color to match - since I had nothing left - I applied.  The application was easy with the included instruments.  The scuffs went away albeit with an off-color match.  It still looks better than the scratch and scuff marks before. They need to somehow have online or somewhere better mixing formulations and/or mixing instructions.  And they need to add more containers or a larger container of white."
"Like it says, ""we love it""!  It cleaned up an old Desk Chair that my husband said to ""throw out"" and it looks like new.  Hooray for a great product."
"Easy mixing instructions and looks good, for a brief time.  Then it flakes off and you are left with the same problem.  Temporary solution at best."
not bad.
"Works great takes some  trial and error but no big deal , just order two time more than what u need! The clear coat is the key ."
"I have a beautiful espresso couch, bonded leather, but the veneer was flaking and peeling off. I removed the lose veneer and painted this stuff on and no joke this stuff makes it look like a brand new couch. Flexible and sturdy coating."
Great product my sofa is like brand new after this Touch up kit. Thanks
"This kit did what it was supposed to do, but the final step is to put on a clear coat to protect the color that you've applied. There is not NEARLY enough of that included."
Does not hold up. Started cracking two days later.
Purchased this product to touch up scratches and marks on a cream Michael Kors handbag. Worked perfectly. I'm really happy with the results.
Great
Surpassed my expectations.  I wish I had found this years ago.
Good for small jobs. A bit difficult to match colors (I'm not an artist) but I couldn't get the proper shade of white. Not bad for the money though.
"Jury is still out on this product....I attempted a repair on my leather cigar chair and will need to try it again.  The color mixing is fine.  the step/process with the texture lift off paper is the challenge.  I had three spots on the chair, so had there pieces of texture paper on the chair.  The first piece I took off in the amount of time as directed, but it didn't come off perfectly.  The second two pieces I left on longer and both piece of texture paper stuck to the repair mixture.  So when I removed it some of the paper stayed stuck on the repair spot.  I'm going to try again and re-review at a later date..."
Don't give you enough white
miniscule containers of paint with a piece of leather. Don't bother.
Don't waste money.
"Repairs and color matching are difficult to achieve.  Another ""looks good in print and on TV"" but is not worth the money or time."
"I was a little scheptical at first if I would be able to achieve a matching color mixing the dyes to repair my couch, but it turned out identical and the touch up is unoticeble. I was so proud of the result after I finished. I couldn't believe I did it myself.
Great product. I recomend !"
"The patches are SO tiny, is this for a doll house couch???"
"I used the product to touch up my car steering wheel.  It worked initially, but it is definitely a temporary solution as it starts to peel pretty quickly after the first application."
I used it to restore wear on the piping of an antique Coach bag--filled in the worn pieces with the liquid vinyl and put the coloring over it.  It worked beautifully and the repaired seams have worn very well.
It worked better than I expected. Now there is no need to purchase new couches. Thank you.
Great product
"I was thrilled to find how well this product worked. I touched up a little scratch on our chocolate brown leather couch and after seeing how well it worked, decided to try it on other items in my home. I was planning on replacing a leather wallet as it was looking a bit rough around the edges. I mixed up the paint, and dabbed it along the seams and worn spots. YAY! It worked! My wallet looks like new. I have told several friends and family members about this product. A real find in helping touch up and restore leather products in your home."
This product did a great job!
"We were pleased with the results, great kit."
Too complicated to match colors
THIS PRODUCT IS GOOD FOR FILLING HOLES IN SHEETROCK...NOT BLENDING IN FURNITURE...POS!
I ripped my leather jacket having one of my long nights :::wink::: had a nip around the elbow area....I've heard of this product before.....but apprehensive to try and fix an expensive jacket with an inexpensive product but figured I had nothin to lose.....ordered it it came pretty fast.....followed the directions.....and you can tell where I ripped it.....I'll pay you lol beautiful job then touched it up with a little color brand new.....now my expensive jacket looks expensive again.....
"Quick shipment, fair price. Product worked as described."
Does not work.
"Made a spot on our Broyhill leather couch completely disappear. I had wiped the leather seat with a washcloth with mild soap. The dye came off in one area. This touch up kit has it completely hidden so well, it's very hard to see where the spot had been."
"Here's the scoop: I've used these patch kits before and they work well for camoflague of a thin or minimally damaged area, especially on vinyl. I've used these kits on car seats and boat upholstery...  they come with several little containers of color so you will need to mix/match/test before going live with a cover-over patch. Do it right and you will never see it from the road.

For leather, I would recommend Tarrago dye, available in all colors and the best there is.. Straight dye or rub in cream.

If you have a major slit, rip or sewn seams pulling apart... THIS WON'T FIX IT by using it topically. For serious wounds, the cushion cover must be removed and patched from the underside, first...You can DIY if you are patient and will be cheaper than tossing $$$ at a pro... I use gorilla glue and heavy canvas tor underside patches and can elaborate on method should anyone be interested...

Just be aware of this products limitations. It's a good product but NOT  a rip/tear/hole fixer. Done right, you will never see the patch. Not a quick-easy fix but in the repair- solution arsenal."
Looked good at first but wore off soon after. I was using it on my viynl couch and has better luck just using modge podge glue.
"For what it is, it works.  I bought it to patch up a black leather couch and white leather bed frame.  So, mixing colors was not something I had to battle with.  That said, the white wasn't quiiiite as white as my couch, hence only 4 stars.  It was close enough though.  I can't say it made it look new, but my rule of thumb is: if you don't notice it from the middle of the room, then don't let it drive you crazy.  The packaging is definitely lack luster and doesn't look as advertised (at least when I bought mine), but who really cares.  It just came with what you need in a little faceless box.  I will say, I put the textured slip on the wrong way like a total idiot, and that created more problems for me as it basically sealed paper into the leather.  So.. don't do that :)."
Kind of you get what you pay for.
Very small kit! I never used it because it was to small for what I needed it dor
took a little work but worked great
thanks save my $3000 leather couch
I purchase this leather kit to touch up a sneaker I used to work with and I am happy this thing do what I want it to do get one soon.
Good match for very small areas.
"I'm actually really surprised how good this kit is! I recolored my leather steering wheel...all black...it would've been nice if i had a little more black paint but it was just enough to give the wheel 3 coats...as for the clear finish, it was just barely enough for 2 coats and it would've been nice if it came in matte...for the price you cannot go wrong...I'll update in a month on how the color is holding up!"
Used as directed. Good product.
Everything else I tried wore off over time.
"With a little work, I was able to mix the color that matched my friend's leather couch perfectly.  There is a color guide included with the instructions to help you work your way towards what you believe the color of the item is.  In my case, it was closet to 'butterscotch.'  This really helped because I had no idea which colors to mix!

I wasn't able to use the texture paper effectively, but I was able to get a decent finish with the supplied foam applicator.  Two thick coats, and the repair is invisible across the room, and looks decent up close.  In fact, my friends didn't even notice the repair (lived with it for a week!) until I told them where it was (front of couch cushion)."
The color is not easy to apply and it wears off very quickly.
does the job but not enough to do a big area.
Okay
"didn't see that many reviews for this other than couches, so i thought it would be helpful to share my experience using this for accessories. i originally bought this for my alexander wang bag, which is made of calf skin leather so its extremely delicate. my bag was only a year old but the color was already starting to turn brown. the color mixing process was very easy. it can get a bit messy when working with a slouchy bag but it dries very quickly. this is the holy grail product for bag lovers! I'm now using this for scuffed up boots."
buy it if you want to experiment - it takes a while to get to an exact match on your existing furniture.  Product is good.
Works surprisingly well.  It does not bond the materials but is a good cover up.
It's not very effective...maybe I did something wrong also.... I feel like their should be more product it's like a tease!
Very small containers but they do match the so called leather ok. If you have large areas probably need to get bigger kit.
"The colors possible with this set were excellent, however, it doesn't quite make the mark on the leather footstool invisible. I followed the instructions exactly and used the patches to make the texture match as close as possible to the original. It dries and becomes pretty hard, which makes it very easy to notice the patchwork that was done. It also didn't hold the pattern very well, and it's a little difficult to apply with the tools that were given. Maybe if I'd had more practice, but I was hoping for a better color match. The color mixture examples that were given didn't even have a variant for dark brown, and I had to mix and re-mix to get a close approximation of the original color by eying it."
"My Mom scratched up her brand new leather handbag.  It's off-white and the scratch was very prominent.  I bought this kit from amazon and I was expecting it to cover the scratch but not seamlessly.  After I was done with it, you can't even see where the scratch was.  It did a perfect job.  I think it's great for any small area.  I'm not sure how it will work on a larger spot, but for small scuffs and scratches, this is a great kit."
Worked pretty good.....hard to match red though? ??
"Had a small tear on my black leather couch.
Repaired it with liquid leather, the repair is not flawless but it's not that bad. Repair is a little hard. Not sure how long it will last but I guess I'll wait and see. But for the price I guess it's worth it."
Repaired bleached out spot on my leather couch. Can't even tell it was ever damaged.
"This product did not work at all.  I carefully followed the directions, but it did not work as advertised.  The glue did not hold properly and the paint does not look at all like leather.  It looks like school glue and paint.  After a couple of days, it started peeling off, making my couch look worse than before I attempted to repair it.  I don't write bad reviews unless a product is so terrible that I feel prospective buyers need to be warned.  This is awful and I'd hate to see anyone waste their money.

On the plus side, my creative daughter used the leftover colors to paint pretty pictures on her tablet cover and if it's used only as paint for a decorative project, it works well for that purpose."
work like i thought it would ok for the money
Waste of money
Works well and inexpensive alternative to a shop
"Really a great product. I had a black Leather ottoman that I was handed down. Living with a bunch of college kids, it's got pretty ripped and torn. I bought this product hoping that I would be able to bring some life back into it. It worked perfect. It's not a whole lot of paint, and there are some limitations in the colors. It comes with a mixing chart, but I would be a little hesitant to be mixing colors on a tough to match piece of leather. If you have the standard black, dark brown, cognac, and other straight forward colors, then I would strongly recommend it."
"Awesome product! I had two small places on my leather couch missing the color. It took about ten minutes of mixing to get the right match.  A top notch fix, very happy!"
It really does not do the job unfortunately :(
"Ive only used the black color. I give 4stars because i went out and bought better brushes. Yes, a brush was included in the kit but it was clunky. I bought thinner brushes for more intricate work. I also bought more empty containers for color mixing. There was only one empty container in the kit. I got nice coverage with the black. I would recommend this product."
great
"I had my doubts but it worked like a charm! I was covering up some minor scratches and wear, no holes, on a couch and armchair. The color of our leather is a gunmetal color and we were able to match it perfectly. Would definitely recommend this product."
"I bought this kit to ""repaint"" sandals that I bought that were too orange for my taste. So I followed the instructions on the box, went ahead and mixed the colors until I obtained the shade of brown I wanted, carefully painted them with the brush, and Voila! The containers of paint are pretty small, but it's surely because it is intended for touch-ups. It did a good job for me."
Honestly it didn't work and the colors didn't mix well.  The paint kept rubbing off and it made the furniture look even worse.
"Would not buy, did not hold up"
waste of money unless you have a 1-7 inch scratch you want touch up
"Could not get it to match no matter what we did, waste of money..."
It's basically a 6 color acrylic paint set with a few bells and whistles I didn't really need. I'd rather just buy the exact shade I need from a craft store.
We had a leather chair that was losing color in a couple of places.  We were able to mix a color that matched very well and it is staying that color.
"this is a great product but....it needs to have more white in it.  that is the color you'll need the most of,because it's very hard to match the colors.. there should be 3 bottles of white included, and not just one. for the price it should have more than 1 bottle of white. you also should have a choice of more colors."
"This didn't work for my leather couch repair. The instructions were clear, and I did a lot of research, but the repair still looked cheap. With all the time and effort I put in, paying more to have the repair professionally done was a much better value."
"I used this kit to touch up the scratches along the dashboard edge after replacing a car radio. I needed a light tan color, which I was able to get after several trial and error (and clean up) attempts. The small mixing cup is kind of a messy, but workable. Be aware that the final color when dried may be slightly different than when mixed...in my case that was a plus, as it dried a little darker and helped to match. For the price, this is a good touch up kit for small jobs. Just be patient."
"If you expect this product to be an exact match or the hole to look like it NEVER happened, this is probably not for you, But for a good cover or repair, I have to say I've been very happy with the results. I burned a hole (cigarette) in my cream colored ""faux leather"" car seat. Mixing took a lot of patience. some artistic ability to match the color, and I had to apply several coats, but to my surprise, the patch is hardly noticeable. My husband couldn't remember where the burn was when I showed him a month later - I had to point out WHERE the hole used to be. I sometimes forget the hole was there and I see the back seat everyday. I definitely saved money compared to what I would have spent with a professional. If you have patience and some sense of mixing colors - you should be fine with this kit. I recommend mixing your color in sunlight with a piece of the leather/vinyl you're trying to match. Sofas and chairs usually have a spare square underneath. Worse case scenario, the color is off a tad. In day-to-day wear/tear I can't give much opinion since the patch is on a BACK car seat with little traffic - but for me I saved way more money than if I had it repaired at the shop. Saving the kit for future ""incidents""."
I gave this 3 stars because of a couple of reasons. The mixing cups and too small and can get messy. They should also give you the options of ordering certain colors. I  used 2 and disposed of the rest.  I had a large area to repair color on a leather chair and I only had enough to do one coat. It did make a big difference though.
"To make off white -  a drop of black added to white = grey, OR a drop of brown added to white = pink. No color result even remotely close to off white. I kept trying and modifying and the closest I got to off white was lavender. It's almost comical. Now the one tiny container of white is gone and I am left with Crayola colors which I sure will come in handy when I buy items that are crayon colored and need them repaired."
pretty much forget the instructions they are useless.  I actually went to YouTube and looked at some videos.  I believe next time I would just have a professional do the job.
I was a little skeptible  about this product . I followed the instructions and the leather arm rest on my office chair came out perfect and  matches the rest of the chair. I would not hesitate to recommend this product to anyone that needs a repair or touch up.
"I purchased this product to repair a small hole in a decorative pillow.  The color looked good when I initially mixed it but when it dried it definitely was not the color I wanted.  I ended up going over the color with a brown stain to closer match the color.  The finished repair is very hard and shiny versus the soft, non-shiny texture of the rest of the pillow.  It looks terrible and I would not recommend this product.  I will be replacing my pillow now since it looks so bad."
"Not worth the money, cheap little caps of different colors.  You need yo mix the colors, finger painting ! The Worst !"
"Liquid leather is AMAZING!!!!! Mixed colors to get the right shade, applied it to the area needing touch up and voila  a miracle! Seriously this stuff is wonderful and I would highly recommend it ."
I loved this product.  It did exactly as advertised.  I used it to color in a leather chair where the color had worn off from head rubbing.  I would use it again if needed.  The instructions were easy to follow.  Can't say enough good things about this product.
Great for touching up.  I have to reapply every so often but it's till way cheaper than having a professional come out.
"I needed an exact match and this kit allowed me to mix and match. A little tedious to get the right color, but worth the time. Not enough time yet to tell how long it lasts."
First off the leather color are small very very small paint containers like the ones a 4 year old gets with a paint by number set. Second it did not work. The mixing of colors never give you the right color and once you put it on it looks like a patch job. I ended up getting magic mender and was able to cover up what I had already done with this kit on my leather chair and now my once cat clawed arm was once again a brand new exact color matched chair. Don't buy this. The price is cheap cause so is the outcome. You get what you pay for. Magic mender was 59.00 but it came with a lot larger amount of paint and an exact color match plus a sander and compound cream etc. for cat claws or more cracks and or rips then magic mender is for you. For a small rip or scratch where even a non color match won't be noticed then buy this cheaper kit.
"First of all, the packaging is dramatically different. The vinyl repairing material is too little for very small scratches. I will try something else."
"Not enough product. It came with several little dye colors, that were even after mixed not enough to dye anything other than something nvery small."
"I purchased Liquid Leather to repair my favorite pair of shoes . I was able to
match the color exactly and salvage my shoes."
"did a decent job, i think that the repair kit is for certain types of leather. the synthetic leather sofa that i tried to repair did exactly come out to the color that i wanted it to. It is harder to match the color of some shades than it looks like."
I needed the white collor and I received it with the lid opened. Did my best to put it on my tennis shoes and after few say of drying....it washed away in the rain....from the car to the house. Waste of money....I do not recomend it.
save your money . this  comes with a bunch of colors you have to mix and when you put it on area it dries hard and will probably crack
"So I have a vinyl couch that is 9 years old, and there were(I chose the word ""were"" due to the fact that this product really works) many spots where the color had faded/worn completely due to wear and tear. There was a large spot on the upper cushion where my husband would sit where the color was nearly gone. I had a throw that I had placed over the couch to conceal the flaw. I kept telling my spouse that I was ready for a new couch, but I decided to do some research first. When I came across this product I was skeptical, but for the price I figured I had nothing to lose.

Mixing the color was the hardest part. My couch is brown, and the brown in the kit is pretty close. I ended up using the guide a little bit, but mainly went back to my elementary years is mixing colors until it was just right. I had more than enough paint to cover the large spot, plus many other areas of wear in the cracks and seams on the  couch. I used the sponge to apply the color in a blotting technique, due the the fact that leather kind of has a splotchy look anyway. I was very impressed with the results, and I would recommend this to anyone! It saved me buying a new couch. I took some before and after photos that I am hoping to upload, so you can see for yourself! I would buy this again in a heartbeat! The only reason I gave this 4 stars is because the color was tricky to mix, and some of the tools are unnecessary...."
"Best product out there. It match any leather color. Worth every penny A+
For car or furniture. Fast shipping highly recommend, A++"
It actually covers scrapes and gouges.  It blends in with the surface very evenly.  Great for people with vinyl couches and cats!
"I bought this to touch up a leather product. It worked great and the colors did not come off. The only issue is that its very small amounts and you have to be able to match the color, which I did have trouble. But the product itself is very nice.  I would buy it again if I had a need for either just black or white or something easier to match."
Not a repair kit.
"I was extremely skeptical that this would work, but took a shot because our two year old leather couch had spots where the color had peeled off and I didn't want to pay someone hundreds to fix it. I'll never buy Ashley furniture again, but that's another story.

Just brushed on the brown color and it matched perfectly and you can't see where it was applied. We are astounded. We went from having embarrassing spots to seamless leather. Buy this stuff if you have leather that needs repair. It works."
"I had several worn places on my leather sofa, as well as a large (silver dollar size) round area where I had accidentally spilled nail polish remover - and it had COMPLETELY stripped the dark brown stain from the leather.  Very disfiguring, and you can imagine how ""thrilled"" my husband was by this mishap.  I ordered this product, it came in very quickly, and by mixing the brown with the black with the little brush, I was able to repair both the worn spot AND the stripped spot completely.  You would have to know exactly where to look, and then look very closely, to even tell there had ever been a problem.  Basically - you can't tell.  The price is reasonable and the product is very easy to use.  THANK YOU for making it easy for me to correct this so I don't have to look at a pained expression on my husband's face anymore!"
"The dyes work as indicated, but you need experience with paints and colors to mix them properly.  If you buy this, practice as much as you can before trying to apply it.  You will need to let experimental efforts dry for a day or so before reaching conclusions.  I would not buy this again as I don't have the expertise to use it right."
I have a white leather couch that needed some touch up. I would need far more of the white for it to have worked for me because you can easily see the touch up spots now so in order for it to work you would need to paint the whole section.
"This was a waste of my money, I did every thing the instructions said I also went on you-tube and watch a video how to apply and it was a HOT mess.  If i could I would send it back and get my money back."
"Did a decent job, but a little difficult to match color. Not bad though , better than having replace leather."
"Worked to recolor a spot on a  leather couch which had faded due to hair oil absorbed . Looks great, able to match the existing color."
this touch up is ok. I got a puppy and he scuffed up the bottom of my couch so I purchased this and It works well but its extremely messy. I did spill some on my carpet but it surprisingly came right up.
My new puppy scratched the front of my very expensive leather couch. I put this over the marks & now you can't even tell where the marks were.
It worked very well for what I needed it for.  I would highly recommend it to my friends and relatives.
"Was not easy to get a good application. I tweaked the way I applied it and finally got it to look almost o.k. but it dries hard and makes the whole thing look just like what it is, a bad repair job. This was on a very nice recliner on the arm. I'm sorry I ever tried this. I wished I had called a professional."
"If you need to make a repair on leather, as we did on a chair that is more than 75-years old, you will find what you need in this kit. Following the instructions and using a You Tube video for more advice, we are more than satisfied with the product and repair."
"The hardest part of using this product was of course the color matching, but I took my time and altered the color mix a little at a time and it came out to be a near perfect match, wife couldn't tell where the repair was don and she's very critical about how the furniture looks. Didn't use the clear cover because the leather repair would have shined more than the rest of the leather and it would have been very noticeable."
"I have used it a few times and in peels off too soon, in a few days it stars to peel!!"
"I little messy, but effective. A cheap alternative to calling a pro. I did my leather couch a year ago and it still looks good."
"i purchased this for my son.  i've used it before. but i am not aware if he not has, if so i'm not aware."
"It has enough variety of colors you should be able to match any color with enough trial and error, but they don't label the replacement v. test fabricks very well, and the finishing liquid didn't match the sheen of my plether sofa very well."
"I might have to order it again.  Having a problem finding GOOD leather touch ups in MEDIUM BROWN.  If anyone has information about this, please, share it with me!  Thanks."
"and one star for the product.  I was shorted an item in my kit, and they sent one right out.  However, this product didn't work."
The product was able to be color matched and did the job well. I would recommend it for quick repairs.
"I touched up 3 months ago and it still looks good. It was easy and effective and I would do it again.
The issue is the springs are broken, so to the kid play area the couch goes. It does look better and if they royally wreck it, I will mix up my paint and touch up again."
It was very difficult to match color required.  Although directions were given it was just a matter of guess and by golly on how much of each color to mix to get the color desired.  I wouldn't recommend this product to anyone.
"I have a leather couch, that I have managed to keep fairly good looking by using wax shoe polish to cover small scratches. However over time, we have some small areas  that I was not able to cover including a small paint spill. This product covered them well. Fairly easy to mix the paint and get a good match. Not noticeable and has not worn off."
"used on leather recliner. It took a few attempts, but finally got it right. Had to order two kits to have enough product."
"MY DAD HAS LEATHER COUCHES, WHO HAVE SOME BAD TEAR NOT TOO BAD , HE ORDERED THSI & IT COMPLETELY FIXED HIS PROBLEMS, NO MORE UGLY CRACKED COUCHES. DELIVERY WAS FAST"
"Worked great to cover worn areas where the leather had worn on our couch.  Only used the ""paint;"" didn't use patch."
"This was so easy and matched perfectly. My dogs tick medicine on his back took the color right out of the leather on the couch (cringe). It was obvious. This touch up kit made it  completely look back to normal. You would never know! Yes I had to blend the color myself but it was simple, came with color mixing directions. Super happy!!!"
Not only didn't it work. It looked worse after I used it than before. The color was a good match but it peeled
I had a rather expensive purse that had a small gouge in the leather and I was very skeptical if it could be fixed at all and was in a very noticeable spot.  Decided for the price to give this a try and I was pleasantly surprised!  Not only did it fix the gouge but I had a hard time seeing the repair.  The directions were clear and easy to follow and saved the purse and will no doubt come in handy to repair other items!
I got this as a last ditch effort to save my favorite boots that had some bad scuff marks...I figured it wouldn't hurt to give it a try.  I was impressed by how closely I was able to match the paint and how good it looks dry.
Not enough paint to fix a spot the size of  3in by 3in so if you need more it's not very cost efficient
Lucked out and didn't have to mix colors...the brown was a perfect match.  Have used it on three different chairs with 100 percent satisfaction.
This is not worth the money u pay. The paint is not good at all and there is not s chart or anything to match color to w leather. Product is horrible
"WOw, super easy to use.  It came with a chart on how to mix the special colored couch we have.  Best price.  Yes, you can do it."
"I bought this item cause I had a little nick in my leather furniture. I can say it took me a while how to use, I just wish it had more explanation on how to use. But, after I looked up on youtube on how to use this product. I can say it worked great. You have to add a little more paint on the area you are trying to fix. But I does works great, I am very satified with this product. It does give my recommendation."
"I have a faux-leather coffee table that was damaged in a move. I used the touch-up kit before my husband even had a chance to inspect the damage, and he can't see the fix. I matched it up so well with this kit that even when he's eyeballing the area, he can't point out the damage. This was a gouge, too, not just a scratch. I had to fill the hole with some of the material that's included for texturing. It worked out really well, and I was able to match the deep brown/red color perfectly. This was definitely an easier fix than going through the process of filling out a complaint and hoping that the moving company would pay for a replacement. (Yeah, right.)"
"definitely can tell I fixed a few spots, but in the evening you can't see a thing. It was easy for me because my leather is black .Sure better than the whitish spts fromm nailpolish remover and the damage i caused trying to chip off nail polish days later. Worth it"
"Liquid Leather Touch Up Recolor Kit was great.  Definitely a little intimidating at first since you have to mix your own color but it was very simple.  My couches look great! It's amazing how little time, effort and money I had to invest to make the couches look like new!  My one complaint was that there wasn't enough of the clear finish for the amount of dye.  All I had to do was contact the company using the email on the product instructions.  Immediately, the office manager responded and helped set me up to get more clear finish.  Great experience all around.  Effective, low cost product, and great customer service.  I highly recommend Liquid Leather Touch Up Recolor Kit."
"This kit actually worked pretty good for me.  It helped that my leather was black, so I did not have to do any mixing.  I had a black leather ottoman that had some rubbing alcohol spill and discolor it.  I followed the instructions and applied the black coloring (after mixing with a little water).  It took me 3 coats to get it all looking good,waiting 24 hours between coats.  The process does make the leather look more ""flat"" where the color was applied, but that is what the final clear coat finisher is for.  All in all, it certainly looks a whole lot better than it did.  I think after some time and wear, the treated and non-treated areas will get more similar."
"My use  was cosmetic. Could not get the right  color. it di fill in the lines, and the appearance is much better."
I follow the instructions and was easy. It did repair my leather chair. I wish it provided more gloss. Overall it was a good leather repair kit.
"for basic repairs so that the rips don't get any worse, this kit will take care of things, but you can pretty much go to the hardware store and get a tube of silicone and do the same job because this is basically what it is, and glue for the leather is horrible, its like the kindergarten elmers glue we used to have."
"completely covered 1 inch scuff marks on an old blue leather recliner. you need to be one of those people with an eye for color to get the mixing right. plus you need patience to mix, test, analyze, and repeat. this was especially hard to do on blue leather! if you have a leather piece you adore and are willing to work on I think you'll be happy with this product. I don't know of any alternatives that work as well."
works really good. I can mix colors to match my leather and touch ups and repairs are barely noticable. Nice little kit.
Used to recolor the leather shifter handle on my auto.  It worked very well for the price.  I would recommend it.
"The color was a good match for my burgundy bonded leather chairs in my kitchen nook dining area.  Mixing the colors was easy and withing minutes I had a color which was a good match.  However, the bonded leather was too fragile and within days new cracks appeared in the bonded leather and I was back to square one.  T-shirts now cover the damage.  The chairs are just too comfortable to toss out.  If the leather was somewhat recoverable, the touch up kit would probably have worked.  But it was too far gone.  Alas!!"
"I don't know why I thought I could mix my exact color of leather chair with a paint by number kit.
This definitely goes under failed purchases."
The corners of my Kate Spade bag were a little worn so I thought I would touch up the paint. The paint flakes off when dry.
This kit worked very nicely and I would recommend this to my friends. The cost was very good so good that wonder if it was going to work.
"This product is easy to use and you can mix any variation of colors. I am very pleased with how well it works to repair minor nicks and scuffs on my shoes. I haven't tried it yet on larger scrapes or cuts, but I'm sure it will work well."
"Doesn't work. Mixing was a pain. Couldn't get the right color. Even then, color did not stay mixed and settled out. Useless product."
its work very good mi friend bay this and his talk to my and try is really work so I recommend.
didn't help much to cover cracks in leather to make them match color of couch.  would really like to find a color matching the leather that is more like show polish---that truly works on leather!
I could not believe how well this product worked! I would certainly recommend it to anyone looking to repair a leather chair.
"I purchased this product to cover up extensive scratches on a pair of navy leather boots. You need to mix the color to match - it was a little messy, but there was a color guide that was very helpful, and I got the color close enough that you couldn't really tell I'd used it, especially out of direct sunlight. A good product in a pinch!"
it worked great but need to have more of the black and brown colors in the kit as that is what most people use
"It worked great. Mixing was easy, although my couch is a pretty standard dark brown. I had some huge scrapes on my couch where you could see the white fabric showing from underneath. We painted the areas with the mixture of dark brown and have not seen any issues so far."
"I had two small tears in the leather driver seat of my 10 yr old Murano. My seats are black so I cannot comment on any color mixing difficulties. The instructions were clear. The black backing material was perfect. The adhesive was perfect. The color cover to complete the repair was perfect and easily applied. No mixing required b/c color was basic black. For 10 bucks I could not have been more pleased with the results. I write this 1 week after the repair. The repair is solid and durable. I totally recommend.

Here is my 8 month followup for the technophobes out there. The repairs I made are holding solid. I am a very heavy individual at 300 lbs. The tears in my drivers seat are solid. This product is still highly recommended. I live in Phoenix and the average summer temperatures are 107 degrees. Inside of an automobile here means an average of 125 degrees month after summer month. Don't know what more durability one could look for."
I wasn't sure about this but thought I would give it a try.  Now don't get me wrong you can see the fix but it sure beats making the hole bigger and you really have to look hard to see the repair.  Mixing the exact color was not hard at all and I have a cream colored sofa
"I was amazed when I opened my package at what i saw!!
The product was in a zip lock bag with what appears to be a copy of directions printed on someones printer = If that's really what you want to call them.

This is by far the cheapest product I've ever seen, it literally looks like it was purchased at someones garage sale.

I'm shaking my head at all the positive reviews - They can't be real or something changed!"
"I was skeptical, but for the price, I figured it was no big deal if it didn't work.  I mixed up some dye according to their chart, tweaked it a little since my exact color was not on their list, and tested a small area on my chair.  The result was amazing!  We had an area about 6 inches by 4 inches where the color had worn off one of our leather chairs, and we actually went and looked at chairs to replace it, but after applying two coats of this, it looks brand new!  I would definitely recommend this to others!!"
"I ordered this product to fix discoloration of my leather sofa. There are several different colors included which you can mix and create the required color. Instruction sheet has listed few combinations too else you can google to find which colors to mix for achieving required color. I took couple of tries but finally could create almost similar color for my sofa. Spatula is included which is used for mixing the colors. It also has a brush (too small and can be used for very small area) and a small piece of foam. I used foam to apply color to my sofa and it was very easy. You just need patience to apply it.

Now the sofa looks way better than earlier. All the discoloration (mainly arms, top) is fixed and looks better. I am really happy with the purchase. It did what it is supposed to do. If you are expecting new like quality, do not buy this. It does not condition the leather. It just colors it so you are just hiding the leather discoloration. Damage was already done which can not be fully repaired except buying a new leather sofa. This is a cheap solution for that.

Be patient. Mix colors to achieve the required color. Apply first on some small area to verify it gels well with other area and then apply on the remaining area."
"I really needed this kit for a lot of things in my house exp: Bar stools, office chair and a couple other things. I wasn't to happy with it. It wore away or peeled off of the things I put it on after about a couple of months. Won't buy again. Amazon though is great as always and fast shipping."
"The product is definitely worth the money.  However,  I needed to touch up a rather large area on a used leather chair that was so discolored due to sun damage.  Literally I had to order 5 kits.  Mixing the colors to get the right color can be somewhat challenging, but have patience.  I was a bit afraid to start this project, especially after just one coat, I wasn't sure if this was a good idea.  After two coats, and further touching up, it really looked pretty nice."
"We bought a leather sofa off of Craigslist which got a few scuffs while we were moving it. Our two cats also got their claws in it a few times before we could deter them from using the new sofa as a scratching post.

Purchased this because it was the cheapest solution, the other product I considered buying was around $30.

Mixed the colors myself, just eyeballed it instead of following the instructions and it turned out perfect. Our sofa now looks great. Fixed the scuff marks perfectly and at least hides the cat scratches pretty well. My only complaint is that the dyes come in such small amounts and there is only one container of clear finish. I may be buying another kit just to have around incase of more damages."
"This works pretty well, assuming you know how to mix different colored paints to match a color. I didn't mind that, but I ran out of paint. (I am touching up multiple cracks around the seat area of the couch drying up and cracking.) If there were more paint substance, I'd give it a 5 star rating easily. But because of that, I'm only giving it 4 out of 5 stars."
"I used this kit on an original Barcelona chair with Spinneybeck Volo aniline leather in ivory that had a tiny "" by "" worn between two of the leather squares, and I am happy to report that the result is satisfactory. Making the ivory color was the biggest challenge, and I could achieve that by adding needle sizes of yellow and brown mixed with lots of white. For the price you pay, you get everything you need to repair small defects, but the colors come in small containers, so if your area is large I guess you have to get more than just one kit.

Mixing and matching the color was a long process, longer that I would've thought, and the final finish is still a bit yellowish up close to about 3 inches, but from normal viewing distances of 10 inches and more nobody can tell any difference. Because our chair finish is matte ivory, I was a little worried that the ""Clear Finish"" makes it all too glossy, but it was not that glossy after all and had a whitish/creamy look which blended in just perfectly. After applying a good leather conditioner everything should look perfectly smooth.

This is not the best quality product one can get, but I think it is the best for the price. The only drawback is the amount of white you will use on light colored leathers compared to other colors, so if they included two to three times more white and clear finishes, this would truly be a 5-star product; or, they can go all savvy and make it separate light leather and dark leather kits."
Simple to use for the type of spot repair I need to perform. Quick delivery.  The instruction were easy to follow.
"I had some small splits in the arm rests of a vinyl sofa.  I read the pros and cons and decided to take the plunge as there wasn't
much money involved.  I found that the included vinyl adhesive was useless and used Permatex Super Glue to seal the tears.  I mention Permatex and not just superglue, because I have found the Permatex glue to be much better than your common or garden variety.  Its available everywhere and reasonably priced.  The actual color dyes are really quite good!  I was able to mix an exact color match for my sofa and you cannot even detect where the splits were.  And while it doesn't appear that there is a lot of dye to use, it goes quite far and I have plenty left for anything else I need to repair.  So, full marks for the dyes and a failing grade for the clear vinyl adhesive."
It was very easy to find an exact match. My table looks brand new. I also used it on my mom's wall unit and walla looks perfect. Amazing product
"I just bought some brand new sandals and not even after a few hours I tripped on a curb and rubbed off a the front ""pleather"" I was pissed. The color was very different not beige, not tan.. just different... Anyway I saw this product and thought I'd give it a try. It came with a guide of what colors to mix to get your match and after just 5 minutes I created an exact duplicate. Now when I have time I'm going to touch up all my boots!"
"I purchased a new leather chair and ottoman.  It was less than 48 hours old when my cat decided to make it her new scratching post.  I was so upset!  I ordered the kit, hoping it would work but not feeling too positive.  It was easy to use, although color matching was a bit difficult, and the results were great!  No one notices the marks unless I point them out.  Good purchase."
You would be better off finding a colored marker to do the same thing that this product does would not buy again.
I used it to repaint some color accents in my motorcycle leather seat and it worked great. I really appreciate the color mixing instructions that came with this. Totally recommend it!
"Although not flawless, it imporved the appearance of the tear.  It does not equal a proressional repair.  Decent for the price."
My cat has chewed the corners off of our leather sofa. Tried to patch it with this product and results are laughable.
"I was very apprehensive in using this, but the final outcome came out beautifully. I was trying to match the color on my auto (center) armrest and after playing with the various colors, I was finally able to match it. Very happy with the results."
"This product actually does what it claims to do, and for a very reasonable price. Our leather couch was severely scratched and scuffed by our Boston Terrier when he was a puppy, and it looked awful.  I researched other products, and they were all super expensive and/or required me to send the cushions out or have a technician come into my house.  I decided to give this under-$8 product a try.
It takes a little work to get the color just right, and you need to remember to add a bit of water to finished color to get it to go smoothly (I forgot at first). But, IT WORKS.  My cushions look great; you can't even tell where the refinishing was done!  I did not have any rips to repair, so I can't speak to that aspect of the product, but the kit does include materials to patch tears or holes and to emboss a faux grain pattern into them.
Caveats:  The kit does not come in the container pictured; just a in a  baggie inside a plain cardboard box (just so you know).  The colors are in very small plastic pots, like kids' paint sets, so if you have a large area to repair, consider ordering 2 kits. My biggest problem with this product, that kept it from getting 5 stars, is that the clear finish, applied after the refinishing is completed and which really makes everything look brand-new, comes in the same tiny pot - there was not nearly enough to cover the large area that I repaired. A little does go a long way with the colors,  but not so much for the clear finish.  I hope to be able to order some more from the manufacturer.
All in all, I am thrilled with the results and would definitely recommend this product."
"From time to time, I surprise myself by how stupid I am. This one stunned me. I received six boxes of paints and was supposed to mix and color. Even though I have some experience in painting, it's extremely hard to get the color I wanted. And even if you successfully match the color, the leather loses its shine so it is very obvious. The good news is you can always wipe it off - the color doesn't stay! I think either this product is stupid or it makes me stupid, but either way you should not buy it."
It was pasty looking on the leather did not blend in well and had a hard  time getting the exact color.
"very cool idea if you have cats with claws and leather furniture, they do touch it and that is all it takes, this fixes it"
not worth the money
"Very little product came with this kit.  Also, don't plan on doing anything more than coloring a small area, as that's all that it will do.  Also, NOT for repairs."
"I was a little put off when I first got the package because it wasn't a new looking box like in the picture on amazon.  It was just a cardboard box with the color and sealer cups, instructions, and leather repair patch inside.  However, the packaging has nothing to do with how the product performs and I must say this product performs well.  Enough colors to pretty much mix any color I can imagine you'd need."
"I bought this product to repair a sun damaged leather sofa. I found it very easy to use and it really does work.  I needed more white and clear finish to complete the entire damaged area.  I emailed the company asking if it was possible to purchase just those materials. I got an instant reply. Guess what?  Not only did they apologize for not being able to send them immediately because they were actually closed, but sent the product for no cost.  I received even more product than I asked for a couple of days later.  Wow, I was totally impressed by this amazing customer service."
I was concerned about mixing the color but actually it was not difficult. I was able to get the perfect match for our sofa! Great product!
Bought it to fix a discoloration from trying to get pen off a leather handbag. I had managed to remove the color in patches on the bag and was at a loss. It takes a bit to mix the color to match but I tested it as I mixed on an unseen part of bag and it got there. Sponged it on let dry put another light coat let dry and then clear finish. Worked like a charm.
"This product worked so well.  I had several worn spots on my leather couches and chair and they look so much better now.  Trying to mix the paint was a pain but the brown that was provided was actually the best match.  I had several large sports to repair and I still have product left.  Don't expect the patch to look perfect, up close it is noticeable but from a distance it looks great."
You get what you pay for but my sofa needed way more repair It was cheap paint I would not use on good leather or places where a person sit or touch a lot a sharpie could have did a better job :/  Good news is it shipped on time adequate packaging :)
I have to admit that I was skeptical. All I can say is follow the directions and you will be impressed. The two leather chairs look so much better !  It's been a few weeks now and the chairs are sat on everyday and the repair job looks good.
"As with most of the reviews here, I had a mishap with some nail polish remover on my mother's couch. The acetone removed the top layers of color, leaving an unnatural scarlet red color exposed. I bought this right away and am so glad I did! The instructions were easy to follow, and the product has stayed perfect for 4 months now... even with a bunch of my nephews jumping off that exact spot on the couch constantly. Highly recommended product."
"The part of this kit that I really needed was the repair part. It works like a charm; not exactly perfect, but a hundred times better than a big rip in your leather seat. I found that the little tubs of coloring were pretty small, ideal for any job that wasn't too big. Unfortunately, my repair job was too big and I needed to buy more. If you're careful and diligent with it, the colors blend really well and the rips become nearly indistinguishable. f you're trying to repair any color leather, this is defiantly for you!"
"Have a pair of vinyl boots with damaged toes (like scuffed once and material started showing).  Bought this kit.  Spent three freakin' days painstakingly restoring the toes exactly to the letter of exhaustive instruction.  Nonetheless, it now looks like I dipped my toes in horse apples, and the first time it rained, the repair spots started peeling off.  Put the cost of this heinous kit toward a new pair of boots and save yourself the headache."
"During a recent move there was a slight tear on the arm of a leather chair which I repaired with the product. I am not a very handy person, but was surprised at how well this came out."
I was very pleased with this touch up kit.  It arrived promptly and was easy to use.  The instructions were very clear and it worked beautifully on our couch.  Thanks so much!!
"This product worked well to fix the discoloration we had on our cough. The only thing is that it might take you a while to get to the desired color when mixing your colors. But when you do it is easy to apply and blended well. I have to say that it was on a small area, not sure if it would have looked as great on a larger  area."
i believe 4 stars is sufficient for this product. i am satisfied.easy to use & have a little patience.good product
not enought to do any type of job to small of a size in this pack to do any good
"I have a leather couch with a small stain from where nail polish removed the coloring. It's only about the size of a quarter. This kit is cheap for a reason. The color of my leather is ""camel"", and since they didn't have that color on the list in this kit, I went with ""beige"" as it was the closest and worked from there. Not even close. It looked terrible and I had to remove it. And for the record, I do have an artistic palette and am able to mix colors quite well, so it wasn't for lack of color matching skill. If you have a dark brown, black, or reddish leather you're working on, this might work. But even so, it comes in tiny ""paints"" that look like a children's art kit you'd buy at Toys R Us. I'd say, ""well, it was cheap, so..."" but seriously for me it wasn't even worth the $8 I spent. :-/"
"When this product arrives you will think that you just got ripped off with one of those ""as seen on TV"" products. If you follow the directions and don't rush it works very well. Doesn't hurt to have a knowledge of primary colors and mixing such. I'm glad I paid attention in art class."
kind of a pain to mix the right color but if you have a standard color it would work very well
Works pretty good but they don't give u much. It came in a plain cardboard box so does not look like the picture. I would buy this product again if I need it.
"We had a minor cut on the leather couch that I used this for repair. About 3 months later, it came part of the way off. The seam was still intact, but the extra material around the cut pulled off."
"Tiny, cheap containers. Hardly any top coat so won't be able to touch up very many items. I don't recommend."
"I bought a couple of used beige leather recliners and one had a silver dollar sized bleached out spot on the arm caused by someone spilling nail polish remover. Looked at several color restore products on Amazon and ended up with this one. It arrived in a small plain cardboard carton ( not as shown) which contained several small ( 1/4 oz.?? ) containers of colors and a clear coating. Also; small brush, foam dabber, empty mixing container, spatula, grain sheets, and a two sided page of instructions. To be honest, I wasn't impressed and figured I'd wasted my money. I set it aside for a week or so, but got it out one day when I had nothing better to do. I followed the instructions to clean the area; no soap, use rubbing alcohol . To my surprise one side of the instruction sheet was a very nice chart devoted to color blending. Was able to duplicate the recliner color in fairly short order. I mixed,  dabbed a spot on a white paper towel, compared,  and adjusted.  The color product is not a dye, but a thick paint like substance. To prevent spreading,  I applied blue painters
tape around the area to be recolored, then used a Q-tip to apply a thin smooth coat of the color. Waited about 20 minutes, applied a 2nd thin coat. Note: THIN COAT is important. After about 5minutes I removed the tape and smoothed the tape edge lines outward with my finger. I was pleased with the result. I'll update in about 6 months concerning durability. Well, I missed the 6 month update ( forgot all about it ) . It's now November of 2016 and there is no fade or wear off issue. The chair will most likely go to trash with the repaired area in tact."
This leather touch-up kit is worth buying. It really works and you can custom mix the shade to an exact match to your item. I fixed a sofa over a year ago and it's still holding up. It hasn't pulled apart or faded or ripped or peeled. You can only notice the repair if you're looking for it. I'd get it again if I need to.
"I bought this to re-color a spot on a leather recliner where the color had worn off.  The hardest part about using this product was mixing the color to match.  However, the instructions had a chart to use as a starting point for mixing and the kit included a testing patch.  Those, with a little common sense about color (i.e., to make the color darker, add black), were enough to restore the chair to looking as good as new.  My comments and rating are limited to recoloring an area as I did not have any rips or tears to repair."
"Need a good eye for the color, but does work.  Thank you for the good deal.  Would recommend it to my friends."
"Product worked well. Had to mix colors slightly to match, but covered well.
Read prior reviews to make my choice."
It took my couch from PU to NEW. I didn't have to buy a new couch. Saved me a couple of thousand dollars.
I was not sure how to use this kit. I found a great video that helped me see how it's done. Maybe it can be helpful to someone else too. [...].
"Pretty difficult to obtain the right color and pigmentation, especially if you have a uniquely colored leather sofa that needs repair.  I wouldn't not recommend this product.  not worth getting."
"This product renewed my scratched leather couch. I was able to match the color and fill multiple cracks and scratches with the color. I wiped the excess away and the color stayed in the cracked area. It covered well and dried quickly. Mixing the colors is a bit of a messy procedure, but the color was not hard to match. The kit comes with a color matching guide, which makes it easy. I would definitely use this on other leather furniture. Quick and easy way to renew life to an old couch."
"I thought the product works quite well. you are not going to do a big job with amount of paint they send you but great for touch. I do think they should include 2 containers of white.
BILL"
I like the product But it wears off with shoe use. It's paint and not a dye which would be more in the leather. My toes tips on my shoes get scuffed a lot wearing off the color down to the leather. I tried the Touch Up Kit but found it wears off. No problem with the seller My Bad choice. Geo
"Used item to touch up cat scratches on leather chair.
After blending colors to match brown chair we applied the color with a toothpick.
Worked great, color match was not too difficult, practiced on a hidden area.
Color takes immediately so don't practice on visible a area or you may make things worse.
So far we are pleased with the results, leather repair outfit wanted $65 to touch up, we did the same for less than $7."
This product works great the color matched my Ottoman perfectly. The shipping was fast and the instruction that came with it were clear and easy to understand. I have had a few people over and I had to point out that the ottoman was repaired. I am very happy with this product. The repair on the ottoman was to cover over a button that was damged by one of my dogs.
"This product is too difficult to get a good color match.  Even after cleaning the chair with alcohol, this product began peeling off within a week.  I reapplied it having to mix for the right colors and this time when it began again to peal, it actually did more damage to the chair.  I will now be looking for a professional as this is definately not for the unexperienced!"
Can't believe how well this simple product covered a circle about 1.5 inches wide that had peeled on my leather chair.  You have to mix the colors but that is not difficult.  Very satisfied
"Got a good match, but the color rubbed off after a week on the front seat of my car. I'll try again after cleaning it with alcohol or acetone."
"Thanks, low cost touch up, easy to use. Quick delivery. Just what we needed for a quick touch-up on a coffee color sofa."
This is a ZERO star eval.  This package contains oiled based paint and you have to guess how much of each color to mix to match your leather...  GOOD LUCK to anyone using this.  We tried to match (knowing paint is always darker when wet) the best we could.  This is for expert color matchers.
"Well I found trying to match your color was the hardest part, I had scratches and small punctures in my couch.  I feel like I would have been better off just getting some paint and getting it colored matched at Wallie World.  I imgaine if you can get your color right it would be a nice product."
"I love this product. It covered scratches great. I didn't have a problem mixing. I used this on my vynal couch, love seat and chair all brown.  Great product great price!!!"
"I have a brown blended color leather sofa that I spilled nail polish remover on, if you have a standard color (black,brown,red) leather sofa this product is a simple solution, but if you have blended color couch it is quite difficult to get the color to match perfectly. This product also does not have a gloss finish, it is very dull in the spot that I patched up. If your working with a small spot it does the job and it is a good product for the price."
You get what you order and the kit is complete.  It is next to impossible to match your leather. You match it to an area and then use in another area and it won't match.. That's the problem with older leather...Fading and so on!
saved me  $2000.00 if we had to replace chais
"It worked on my brown Ashley couches, where we had rubbed the color off by using a water-based cleaner once, and another spot where someone sat with a wet swim suit and the color came off a big, ugly spot.  Now we don't feel like we have ruined couches any more.  The color blends in just fine."
Ordered leather repair. Got liquid ass fart spray in a bottle.  Come on
"Instead of receiving the Invisible Repair Leather Touch Up Kit I ordered, I received a 1 fl. oz. bottle of ""Liquid Ass Fart Prank Butt-Crack Smell"".  Are you serious? This is totally unacceptable and disrespectful.  Shame on you.  I'm very disappointed with everyone involved in the fulfillment of this order."
"Repair looked OK, but not ""invisible""."
great for after a move and had small scratches on tables
You can NOT see anything.  This product is incredible on my leather sofa. I am very impressed!
Did not match my color- threw all paints away.
As advertised. Fast shipping.
"Was easier to work with then I had expected,"
