Very pleased with this purchase!!
Very very great yarn .. I will order more
Love this yarn. Love Red Heart.
"Loved it, fun colors. My husband calls it dragon fire lol. I hope my lil nephew will like it."
matched
Love this yarn but have since found a lot cheaper at Walmart so buy it there now
Nice color for pussycat hats
The yarn was fine. Realized it cost more. However many colors not available locally.
I love this color of pink
Good product
"I purchased the color Jade. Its exactly the color I was expecting. It's like a deeper emerald or a rich brighter hunter green. Not many pretty colors were available in the green shade. Happy to see new shades in deeper greens.
 It looks really nice used with fresh mint and pale rose, looks vintage."
"Love this color, yet hard to find in stores... Even at $5.61, I ordered 5 as I use this color a great deal. Was sad to see that the price has went up twice since I ordered it."
This Baby Pink yarn is terrible! As I have been using it there are thin strands that are barely held together. There are strands that are totally frayed and I had to improvise as I was crocheting! Very disappointed. I have other skeins in many colors and not one of them is like the that.
"I am a crocheter,  go thru tons of yarn.  Red heart super saver is one I use a large amount of.  Beautiful colors and a nice reliable yarn.  Well continue to buy and recommend to others."
I gave a 1Star bc the striped pattern that was created was nice. With that said this yarn split while crocheting making it horrible to work with.  I also saw  this identical name brand and colors in a fav store for half the price.  Not buying this yarn again
"I wish the yarn pull was easier though they gave ""instructions"",it still didn't come out the way purposed. Yet this is still one of the standard yarn that I depend on-excellent brand."
I will buy this again.  Great yarn.
Good Quality As Always.
I love this yarn and will buy it again.
"Hot Red is a bright red without too much orange.  On its own the color is a bit garish but not unbecoming.  To supplement other colors it becomes much prettier.  I also bought Cherry and Flamingo, a darker red and a mauve-ish red.

Other colors I bought are Pool, Denim, Gold, Hunter Green, Guava, Lavender, and Oatmeal.  They all pretty much resemble the photo.  The quality and gauge are pretty consistent among these colors.

Super Saver is not the best yarn to make finer knit garment and accessories because it is not silky soft (Red Heart Soft and With Love are better suited).  However, to practice and to make blankets these skeins are great.  I like them better than the similar yarn from Caron."
I love these yarns I just wish they are a little softer though
Made a beautiful neck scarf !
The texture
I love this yarn.  It's extremely soft and I love the feel to it. The colors are even more exciting! This definitely  makes a awesome scarf. I recommend this yarn.
"I love the neon stripes, it is so cool. I just love the colors. I started my own business online designing a few cool products with this neon stripes and other neon and bright color yarns. I'm disabled and need to earn some extra income. This is perfect for my business that I named NEON KNITS. ;-)"
Very interesting color! I took a chance buying it online and was worried it would be more brown than dark reddish.  I needed a dark Burgundy color for a Virginia Tech throw for my step dad.  This color worked *perfectly*!!!  It was super easy to work with. I highly recommend this yarn!
"Red Heart Yarn is a reliable, mid-price yarn that is useful for many knit and crochet projects.  The special feature of this yarn is that it is red, white and blue variegated.  But, be warned, you need to know a bit about ""color pooling"" in order to produce a pleasing color pattern.  Or, you can just go ahead and get an abstract pattern of red, white and blue."
I like that I was able to get all the same dye lot.
It is quality  yarn and in the color I ordered. what's to say
This was perfect. Glows under black light. Was perfect for making a glowing lazer beam maze.  Hope they keep making this one for a long time! I'll probably order again!
Soft good quality!
Exactly what was needed to finish a project!
"Red Heart is always great yarn.  This is my go to yarn for aghans & cardigans.  It was a little darker than the same color yarn used for a current project, picked out of a box of yarn but it works for me!  Don't know how many years I had the prior yarn & the yarn people will tell you to make sure you pick enough for your project.  Oh well, it still works!  Very happy & very grateful that Amazon sells this yarn - live in the boonies so no shopping choices!"
This is a beautiful color. The gray is more like a silver. I loved it.
Great price with it on sale and goes well with a variegated Ive run out of
Made a beautiful rug for my living room.
Beautiful color!
"Beautiful yarn, lovely colors. The softer acrylic."
Super dark brown.  Wish it was a little lighter.
Pretty color yellow but super rough.
Love it.
Lovely reddish brown.  Perfect for the craft I had in mind.  Red Heart gives me good value and the colors are vivid.
"I bought this yarn for my 90 year. old mom who wanted to make an afghan for me.  I think the colors are really pretty.  There's mostly yellow, two shades of green, purple, blue and fuchsia.  My mom loves to crochet even though she only remembers how to do double crochet.

My mom loved working with this self striping yarn.  She said it was fun.  It's relatively soft although I think a knitted afghan would be softer.

I will post a picture as soon as I know this review has gone live.

I will treasure this afghan forever!"
This was for some that needed it.
"made Hats and Scarves, loved the feel!"
Was very pleased. Color was perfect match and I finished my afghan.
It is very fine. Not as described. It seems more like a thick string than yarn.
Knit this together with a contrasting space dyed yarn. Looks nice and is a good weight.
as expected
as expected
"For my daughter, needed color for a knitting project."
fine
Color matched my project and I'm satisfied with that
Nice yarn. Good value
Opened package to find yarn had been cut in several places
"Great quality Red Heart Super Saver yarn as usual. I bought 10 skeins of different colors. I took off 1 star for the price. My local craft store sells this size Red Heart skein for $4.99 each, but doesn't have 112 colors!! Great color selection, free shipping, just a bit pricey."
Great purchase! Good quality! Would buy again!
"This was given as a gift, recipient was pleased.  Thanks!"
Nice quality yarn. Nice to work with.
So soft and I love the color!
just  what I  needed
"its yarn, was what I expected."
Pretty
Love it
thanks
"This is beautiful yarn at a really horrible price.  For $7+ I thought I was getting three skeins and it even said that in the description (or so I thought).  Alas, no.  So the yarn is nice, the price is not.  Don't be fooled."
love this color
"I gave this yarn 5 stars. 1.) For ease of access. Not only on Amazon but also found at Walmart, Target, Michaels, Joanns, and Hobby Lobby. So, if you run out the day before having to gift the item your crafting you don't have to wait if shipping. 2.) Price. This is not expensive yarn. 3.) Quality. It lasts! Colors do not bleed. Does not fade. It is easy to care for. Quite soft once washed. 4.) Variety of colors! 5.) Free patterns! They are quality patterns that work up nicely."
Great colors for boy or girl. Just wish I could have ordered more than 4 skeins - it was a lightening deal.
Amazing yarn
This yarn was perfect to crochet on the tops of my kitchen towels.
I got the color I wanted and needed.  Nothing was wrong with it
"I get this for my 86 year old Mom.  She is a knitting queen.  Red Heart is the only yarn she will use.  Says its easy to use, and does not knot up like others. Nice and soft when her blanket throws are finished."
Pretty pink color
The cost of this Zebra color is ridiculous.  REALLY......3 times the normal cost.  Just a ripoff.
Wife extremely happy good price
This color is discontinued I do believe the price is higher that in the stores but for granny who has dementia but has not forgot this color and who is still crocheting it is worth me buying for her just to be happy. As long as she can still crocheting I feel like we are giving Alzheimer a good fight. So I would say it is worth the extra few dollars .
"I used this yarn to make hats and scarves during the holidays.  I gifted them to friends and received rave reviews.  Or course, I made a set for myself and was very happy with the quality of the yarn.  Highly recommend."
Very good quality.  Vibrant colors. Use red heart only!!!
I use this color to make afghans for my grand children and can't find local
I love red heart yarn! its so cheap to buy on here and gives me a break from going to the stores to buy it
"Im happy with my order, received it very fast to get started on my project!"
"Been using Red Heart for fifty years. Different colors have different textures: black, coffee, Navy, cherry red are thicker than orchid, pinks, yellows, etc.  Also, the color sequence for Americana is different now. The length of each color.is ten times longer than before. To get the old red/white/blue shorter sequence you have to use the more expensive ""Team Spirit"". But Red Heart is still my favorite."
Quick delivery. Rolls were brand new.
I mailed it back. The yarn itself was fine. BUT it was way too bright to be considered Baby Pink.
I knitted 2 sweaters with this yarn and loved it.  Thank you.
"This color (Hot red) is more orange than I expected.  Also this color is thicker and dryer than Cherry Red.  I don't know how it can be drier, but that is the word that comes into mind when I am struggling with it. I am not able to work with thick yarns.
  That is the frustrating thing about Red Heart Yarns - each color is a different thickness even though they all say # 4 worsted wt.  Makes it hard to choose colors for a project cause you have to know which ones are which size."
"The yardage,is very deceiving. This is extremely expensive for the amount of yarn in the skein. I was expecting 364 yards many others who ordered it, but the actual skein is 236 yards. I will never order yarn from Amazon again."
i thought super savers were bigger. these were pretty small considering the price. plus shipping.
"I love this color and this is a great kin of yarn, love it for the texture and softness and Amazon is where I prefer to get it because it is not being sold in stores anymore. Recommend."
great
"Exactly the color I was looking for!  I absolutely love working with Red Heart Super Saver yarn and was unable to find this color at my local craft stores. It always crochets up nicely in whatever item I am making!&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/RED-HEART-Super-Saver-Yarn-Hunter-Green/dp/B000Y00DDK/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">RED HEART Super Saver Yarn, Hunter Green</a>"
It serves my purpose.
Love Red Heart yarn
Exactly as advertised
Its a bright orange but perfect for my project.
"This yarn is probably fine for kids' craft projects and maybe some lessons in the most basic of knitting or crochet stitches, but it was a poor choice for crocheting a hat. It's not soft at all, and it's so very inelastic. Even having made my gauge swatch, I ended up with a hat that was too big simply because the ribbing didn't hug in like it was supposed to. It stayed stiff and extended. I made the exact same pattern with an alpaca yarn and it came out beautifully, but the hat from this yarn I'll chalk up to a learning experience."
Needed more yarn as I ran out and it was the perfect color to continue my project. I couldn't find it in stores so I was happy to find it online.
Soft and worked perfect for my project.
This yarn made a beautiful hat and scarf. You won't be unhappy with this product. I have bought several skeins and they have all been very nice!
nice yarn
always happy with red heart
Not pleased I order three balls yarn for 15 I needed one more and had pay 8. Some bs
Nice yarn used for loom hat and crochet decorations for xmas tree
lots of parts of the yarn bunched up
Love the color!
Red heart is my favorite yarn to use. Very durable and soft.
Patriotic yarn was quite rough.
"Huge amount for a great price. Its a little rough but for a beginner like me to practice with its great. Plus, I wouldn't mind a throw using it. I just wouldn't use it in a sweater."
"I bought this to make holiday pompoms. I love it. The color takes a while to switch which allowed for chunks of solid color. It is standard super saver texture, maybe even softer then I remember it being. The size or yardage is also standard. I love it and will probably buy another for my stash!"
I thought that this was the larger size skein because the description said ECONOMY but it turned out being the regular size skein (I didn't know the size by ounces at the time). Just so everyone will know... I would of never paid over $7.00 for what I could of got for $3.00 at Walmart. My bad!
Loved it
"Great color, not easy to find in my area.  Fast shipping, good price."
Great yarn.
best yarn
Perfect for crocheting a baby blanket and plush for my nephew!
Id use this yarn asap.
"Beautiful and a great deal, plan to use it to make a Lost Souls shawl (skulls) free pattern on ravelry."
This was a perfect gift for my grandma although I thought it was just black and white it also has a blue grey in it if you look closely
"Pros:. The price is great, and there seems to be a lot of yarn.  Bright color

Cons:. It's not soft at all and is thinner than many other yarns.  It's down right scratchy."
"Generally, Red Heart is dependable and consistent, but this skein had a bunch of knots in it. That made it difficult to work with because I had to stop and untangle them. The yarn itself is still good, though."
"Great price, super soft yarn. Love it!"
Thank you!
Nice yarn and good color.
I liked the product but have discoverd it was wsyyyyy overpriced!!!
It was exactly what I wanted. It came quickly than expected. Thanks for the order.
"This yarn should not be called ""glow"" anything.  It is misleading.  I would not have purchased it had I known it does not glow."
"First yarn I bought at my local in-person shop. I bought it there for the price (which, quite a bit cheaper from Walmart) but the color was lovely and the material was strong and well made, so far no knots or frays (I haven't gone through the whole skein yet) and this particular color is one of my favorites. I recently bought the same brand's 'coffee' color yarn, and it seems the same quality. great bang for your buck if you're looking to crochet or knit for a decent price"
Bright colors in this yarn are perfect for making projects for children. I used it to make socks for my niece. I'm sure she will love them.
No complaints.
"Wife made a baby blanket for the Great-Great grandbaby and some other gifts for Christmas. She's very happy with Red Heart.

I on the other hand think this is an awful color!! LOL"
Really pretty yarn. Just as described. Very nice.
good
This yarn was way to small for the money
This is a wonderful blue color. I wish it was available in With Love but this good.
It is impossible to find this in stores! Its a great yarn to make Christmas things out off! Its not hard to work with and even a beginner like me can make something!
"I started an afghan last year, started other projects and forgot about it. I just re-started the project only to find out I ran out of this yarn-I am using 3 colors. I went to Michaels and JoAnn's but could not find the color. I tried to use another variegated green but it did not blend well with the other colors. I decided to try AMAZON and I was pleasantly surprised to find the yarn, however I was not sure if it was the correct color-after enlarging the image it seemed to have the colors I needed; even though the price was higher than what it sells elsewhere I went ahead and ordered 2 skeins. I was SO happy when I opened the box and saw that it matched perfectly. It was well worth paying extra because now I can finish my afghan. Thank you Amazon, I always say if you cant find it on Amazon it doesn't exist anywhere else. :)"
"Super Saver yarn is a good bargain: this batch was kinda knotty, and as always splitty, but for big projects for which drape isn't an issue (like the tree skirt I needed it for - 10 skeins of RH SS solids) its fine."
I'm working on an afghan for my nephew and it is turning out great!  The yarn is good quality.  Definitely will buy again
"Great yarn.  I have been using it to make lap robes for disabled vets.
I also use it for hats, scarfs, blankets for kids beds and great
for afghans -- cozy ones to keep in the tv or living room to keep
warm these cold nights while watching tv."
I loved it!!
Reliable Red Heart.
Great yarn
The Desert yarn made a beautiful knitted hat!
"Great yarn, with great color"
Good thread
I ordered because it stated it was light grey. It's more silver and does not match a light grey I was already working with.
As advertised
Great
"Good quality yarn for a variety of uses in arts & crafts, knitting & crochet."
Good quality yarn for a variety of uses.
Met my expectations
good quality
Fabulous yarn. Easy to crochet with!
"Great color, will be buying more.  Came well packaged and on time."
"the skein was a lot smaller than I expected, one won't be enough for my project."
great for cheaper yarn of medium weight.
Red Heart is always my go to when I am knitting afghans.
love red heart - got item quickly - right color!
great colors
Thanks
Love working with this variegated yarn either single or double strand for a colorful look. Would definitely purchase again.
Great buy for projects :)
Easy to use. Soft to the touch.
I got this to finish a very colorful afghan.  It worked very well.
It was terrible.  It consisted of very rough yarn that was not in one piece skeins - in three or four foot pieces periodically throughout.  Very disappointed.  Have used super saver for years and never bought such inferior yarn.  Will think twice before buying again.
Just the color I needed. Worked perfectly.
"Rhss , always great quality"
Satisfied
This yarn is horrible! Color is beautiful and the price is good but I found several small knots and it's extremely fuzzy! I have others by the same brand that are fine but this one is awful
"I have bought this yarn previously (Aran) and was satisfied.  I recently bought two skein and found them totally flawed.  Consistanly varied as to the width, the twist and one skein was knotted twice.  I will never again purchase Red Heart 4 ply again.  Where was the quality control?
On to another brand.

Milli"
Great roll
good yarn
Great and arrived early
Very nice yarn to work with.
Love this yarn. Hooe to be getting more soon.
Beautiful
Love the colors
Very expensive small skein of yarn.
Great!
Thank you!!!! SO tired of driving around to X amount of stores searching for this colour!
"Description said 364 yard., What I received is 235 yards this is not what I paid for"
Love this yarn
Love this  color.  I  am  currently  making  hair  headbands  on  my  round  loom.
"My daughter does a lot of projects and has recently been doing a lot of crocheting and macrame. We are a half hour from the nearest yarn store and I don't want to drive that far to get a single skein of yarn when she runs out of a color! So she tried Red Heart on Amazon and is very happy with it. It's soft, and the price is unbelievable for such a large skein. I order from Amazon often so it's no problem that it's an add-on item. We'll be buying more Red Heart yarn."
Just what I needed to finish a project
beautiful.
Exactly what I needed to finish a project.
I love the wild and crazy colors.  It was exactly as I expected.  The only problem was that the yarn split easily.  But I would buy it again.
It is not like the color pictured.  I was disappointed.  If you're not looking for a perfect color match it's okay.
Way over priced for one small skein of yarn. I thought it was the jumbo with a charge of over 7 dollars a skein
i like it soft yarn
Thank you so much. The color is gorgeous!
"Perfect for my crafting needs. Strong yarn and bright, saturated color."
very soft yarn
Easy to work with
i wish to it was a larger  roll
Nice
Perfect
Red Heart Yarn is always a good value. I use this to make eyes and details for some of my work. I soften and dry the yarn before working with it and Red Heart softens up very nicely!
I am making a quilt and this is one of the colors I wanted to use.
Arrived in timely fashion and color was what I had expected
Quick safe shipping. Perfect dye match. My project is finished. Thank you.
"Great yarn for beginners and experienced knitters alike. The vivid colors add a pop to any project, and the yarn is relatively soft, making it great for scarves and other cool-weather wear. I knit a scarf in stockinette stitch with this, and I would say the color led to an interesting pattern of stripes in it."
"Just  be warned.  This ""Oatmeal"" is really a light steel gray. It's no Oatmeal I've ever seen."
"A favorite brand of yarn in a wonderful color.  I am making a shawl for a woman who loves purple.  It is almost finished, just in time for fall, and I think that she will love the shawl and its color."
Great quality. Worth the price
I used this vibrant color in a blanket for my friend from Mexico.  She loves bright colors.  So this made her very happy
The color for what I needed is exact!
"i was disappointed as both skeins of yarn had some yarn unraveled, and all knotted."
"I make lots of afghans and a lot of them are seasonal and make great gifts, so Fall colored yarn is prefect for my afghan goals!!"
"perfect,  I always use Red Heart"
:)
yarn is nice and soft. The colors are vibrant.
"I use this for making amiguriami projects.  I've used Simply Soft for the soft feel but the Red Heart holds the shape much better due to the yarn being a bit stiffer.

This is typically an inexpensive yarn and many designers prefer using it when making stuffed toys.

I would recommend this product.."
Bought it for my mother when she ran out of this color and called me to demand I find this super specific exact color.  She knitted a scarf out of it so it must have been alright.  Disclaimer: I know nothing about knitting.
"This striping yarn is a joy to work with! I am using the crocodile stitch pattern with it and the results are STUNNING!&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/RED-HEART-Super-Saver-Yarn-Neon-Stripes/dp/B01FV60S0E/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">RED HEART Super Saver Yarn, Neon Stripes</a>"
Just what I needed
It matched my project perfectly.
Bought this for Mim who crochets afghans. Now we can get the shade she wants in large quantity.
Nice colors.
"Love working with Red heart, and I use this all the time."
perfect - couldn't find that color at the store
Just what I needed.
LOVED THE YARN
"It matched our color we were looking for exactly and we are now able to complete our afgan.
Many thanks for your help!
Peggy Churchill"
Exactly what I needed to finish my project.
In love with the yarn. I have bought this 3 or 4 times. Great for rainbow art projects. One project is in the picture.
Very happy with the color.  Love working with Red Heart  yarn. Been using this brand since I started  crocheting.
"For a value yarn it is very soft and strong. Good stretch and works up well. The colors are vibrant and I haven't had any trouble with colorfastness or bleeding. All in all, a very good yarn for the frugal knitter."
stripes to far apart could not use it
satisfied
"A bit course, but gets the job done! I kean, not bad for the price."
Very pretty color. No knots in skein
"Very nice yarn.  easy to use, keeps it's shape and color doesn't fade"
Exactly what I was looking for.
Good quality. Color is same as pictured. Great brand.
Came as expected. Trusted brand. Arrived super fast. Completely satisfied.
Nice quality.  Incredible price.  Delivered on time.  Already got my sweater pattern picked out.  Thnx Amazon.
Nice yarn for my projects.
Always loved Coats Red Heart yarn for my projects.
"Quick shipment, great deal. Thank you."
"Horrible yarn. Inconsistent from skein to skein; some will be relatively soft and okay to work with, and the next will be much thicker and rougher, which will cause gauge to be inconsistent. The rougher texture will also be uncomfortable to work with. There is good reason this yarn is cheaper than others. Go for a better yarn and you will enjoy working your project much more, and the end result will be far superior."
yarn is yarn
I ordered 10 skeins of this yarn and every skein has two to three places where they had tied it together.  I cannot use it for certain projects I wanted to because of that.
It was the color that I needed.
Good products
"This is a great yarn! However, I must note that the black yarn tends to have a different ""spongy"" texture compared to the other super saver economy yarn colors. This change in texture may affect your gauge to a degree. I'm' not sure why, but certain colors of this yarn are like that and have that strange texture."
Great!
Very economical yarn for knitting pussy hats. It's a good value.
Great value for the money & colors really terrific!
good
Perfect. Discontinued color my mother in law needed for a project. So thankful to find it for her.
"Amazon, as usual, was great and replaced the damaged yarn I received.  The last four Red Heart yarn skeins I have purchased have had issues.  One went from three strand down to two then finally down to only one strand that was tied to the remaining yarn.  The damaged part was at about 3/4s of the way in so when I got to it I had to unravel the rest of the skein to finish my project.  The shocking pink in this order had a huge tangle deep inside due to a part that looked like it had been over-wound.  It was tied off to the rest of the skein like the other.  In fact, I have found two more that had tie offs in the middle of the skeins.
I still like the yarn because it is very easy to work with and generally a great bargain but the mistakes in the manufacturing process are beginning to make it not so much of a bargain when I have to take so much time messing with the yarn instead of enjoying crocheting."
"BUYER BEWARE. Right in the middle of this skein was a knot with frayed ends. As in, they two two length of yarn and tied them together. So, halfway through a piece that was to be a gift, I have a knot."
Perfect.  Just what I needed to finish my project.
"I'm making a ripple afghan out of this yarn.
Way too much black.
Hmmm, everyone else that sees the blanket likes it tho."
Exactly what my grandma wanted and the perfect color.
This will make a very pretty scarf!
I do not know if this yarn glows under a black light I wasn't concerned with that when I purchased it.
Love this yarn. I buy from Hobby Lobby. Have all the brands and then some.
Awesome colors for Christmas stockings.
Great product.
"I only use Red Heart yarn. It's easy to get, easy to work with and washes up beautifully!"
Great quality!
"I am a huge fan or red heart yarns.  They never fray, lightweight and easily washed.  Probably the best quality yarn.  This color is also very nice!"
"I am a huge fan or red heart yarns.  They never fray, lightweight and easily washed.  Probably the best quality yarn.  This color is also very nice!"
"This was bought for a project I'm doing for my granddaughter for Christmas this year. The color is bright and happy for a 2-year-old. From past experience with Red Heart yarns, it washes well and wears well. The yarn is good for knitting, crochet, and plastic canvas. I bought this in an economical package of two. The price is reasonable for a fine product."
This yarn is quality and comes in a large size. Red Heart packaged two of these in a plastic bag for economy. This is the third time I've purchased Red Heart Super Saver yarn in an economy package and love the savings.
It was exactly what I was looking for.
"i have not used this yarn yet,  but the color is great!"
"Needed this color to finish a Big project and it was unavailable in nearby stores.
Great yarn to work with, strong, doesn't split, or pill. This is a great yarn to work with and affordable."
"I changed the pattern I was going to make when I bought some of this yarn locally, and needed several more skeins. I got exactly what I needed!"
As shown
Perfect
"great value, great color"
Not as soft as others I've bought in the past.
"It was fine, well-packaged.  Thanks to my error, I had to order it 2x because I needed 2 skeins, not one. But that was not Amazon's fault."
"Nice quality, would use again."
"This may not be the softest yarn, but it's not a bad texture and is a lot of value for the money."
I had a skein but needed a second one. This is an exact match and I was happy to find it.
Over priced for product
"Overpriced for the size, this product can be found at Wal-Mart for half the price, when I read economy size for 8 bucks would have been a good price if it was in fact economy size which it is not"
Good yarn.
"This yarn is very good quality, and was packeged well. The colors are soft and muted. However, I have made at least one hundred stitches and still have not gotten to the purple. It is mostly green. There are large sections of the same color, making the color variations awkward. It looks like I used several different skeins of solid color, instead of verigated."
love love love this color
Way too expensive. When I saw supersaver I thought it would be a larger skein. Can buy that in the stores here for half the price.
Love the color !!!  best purchase.  I made a blanket came out great
"Why is it when I purchased this product on April 20th I received 3 skeins and when I repurchased on the 26th, for the same price, I only received 1 skein?"
don't like this movie I don't speak  germen.
this is my moms rug I'm making her
I called red heart and complained about the inferior quality of this yarn.  Red heart apologized and I am waiting for a new supply of it to come to market
"I love Red Heart yarns, I always use them. I got two of the white ones because they are not the jumbo size, and they weren't that much per skein. The material is good and affordable, I can usually make one project with the skein. Also, there's usually a pattern project on the inside of the label. Great for knitting or crocheting. I buy them at Walmart, but got them at Amazon for a bit less. I use the white yarns to make big eyes for animal motifs for hats and headbands and stuff."
"Looks darker than it was but will use for another project, love the brand of yarn"
"This yarn is a bit rough and thin, but I suppose that's what you get for the price!"
item as described
Great value.
"The product is good. There are some tangles sometimes in the middle. Keep in mind that Walmart sells this item for $1.88, so unless you are opposed to Walmart, it is often far cheaper to get this item there. I have seen it two or three times the cost, even as an add-on item."
Knew what I was ordering and received it as promised
"I love the yarn and colors but don't know why I was charged $11.27 when it is listed at $7.87 Prime. I thought it was a larger roll, Small roll not worth either price!"
Love this color
Great price and good quality!
This yarn is amazing!! It's a good amount of soft yarn for a low price. Love it!
Exactly what I needed
"I just plain love yarn and buy this brand most often. Never have problems within the roll, and the picture seems to be true to color."
perfect for making yarn wigs for cancer kids
Thank you so much....just what I needed.
"The yarn did its purpose. However, I was a bit upset that there were several ""chunks"" in each roll where it bunched up and became a wad... as though it unraveled."
Beautiful  c o l or and super soft
"Arrived quickly, exactly what I need. 4 nephews who love hunting & fishing, are all getting their own camo blanket for Christmas this year! Expect me to purchase again. Can't find this yarn in my local store, so I was SO happy to get this!"
Good color
good value
Needed additional black to finish a project and this blended in very well.
It came! I love it! 
Pretty color. Shipped promptly
I love this yarn! Really fun to work with.
"Nice light yarn for making hats, scarves and slippers. The kids I gave them to loved them."
"I'm not a fan of this brand of yarn, I won't buy it again, but that is just my personal preference. It snags and unravels a lot more that the yarn I am used to."
Quality product.  Love the price
Great product. Thank you.
Great for making those WOMEN'S MARCH hats!!
Delivery took a few days but it was worth it!
Was as expected
like it
"Super product, price and fast shipping.  Thanks."
"I love this yarn for amigurumi. It's stiff enough that it doesn't stretch or split when using small needles and tight stitches as you do for amigurumi crochet, and cheap enough (especially when it goes on sale at the craft stores, which it often does) that I can stock up on whatever colors catch my eye to tuck away for future projects. I just wish they'd come out with a good ""flesh"" shade for making toys!"
"Pleased with order, was delivered in a timely manner"
I'm not a big fan of Red Heart. It just doesn't hold up well with wearable garments
These are bigger than I expected(which is a good thing)The color a is brown(coffee)
"Its a good quality yarn. I bought the red color and its a beautiful red. I am new to the crochet world,learning and experimenting. I made a hat and bootie with this yarn to gift and it turned out great. Will purchase more."
"It was difficult to find this color yarn when hats were being knitted across the country for the Women's March on Washington and all the marches/town halls, etc. to follow.  I was thrilled to find just what I needed.  FYI - two hats can be knitted from one skein."
"Using this yarn to make some yoga socks for my mom for her birthday! She loves the color and has already tried the finished one on and likes the feel of the yarn! The mix of black grey and white is done nicely and is a perfect go to if you're not sure on what color to use on a project! Red Heart has been my family's go to for yarns for as long as i can remember! my Granny was an excellent crocheter and a big fan of Red Heart! Even though I went the other way and learned to knit, I'm glad to say I happily keep this tradition a live! :) I have some other yarns I use too but Red Heart is definitely a top favorite!"
lovely yarn...used it for a beginners crochet class...the different colors kinda helped me...crochet is hard...maybe I am more of knitter
Good yarn for the price.
Just graet I love how the color change wile I knitt with it
"Great quality, same yarn you would get from Michaels just cheaper price"
Same yarn you would buy from Michaels but cheaper.
great seervice
"Good yarn, good price"
Love it
Love it!!!
Perfect for the project made two pink hats with ears.
Great price fast delivery.  Love red heart yarn
"The RED Heart Super Saver Economy Yarn, Aran was exactly what I wanted.  It came at exactly the time that I needed it.  Nothing you did could have been any better. Love it."
Almost done with this cute hat. :) I used all red heart 4ply yarn. Love this type of yarn.
thanks
thanks
Nice size skien...nice bright color. Can't go wrong with Red Heart super saver yarn. Reccomended!  Thanks
Great yarn!  Supports the Red Cross too!
Have to order more love it
Smaller skein than I thought I'd get but nice scarf-weight.
Love this color. It stands out and is great to work with
Good price prompt delivery
"I was disappointed with the colors in this yarn. They are a very dulled out version of the pinks/reds in Red Heart's Candy colorway.
I had hoped for clear, possibly also bright pinks, not the blah versions it is. Who'd've thought shades of pink could be boring?
I still gave three stars because the quality of the yarn itself, and the spacing of the color changes, is high up there with all of Red Hearts' acryllic yarn that I've ever used."
"love the color, will work for new pattern"
awesome color no matter what is matched to it ... and very soft ... fun to work with ..
This particular skein of yarn was SO thin compared to others of the same exact brand.
Red Heart is always great yarn. Good value for the money.
"I picked this color due to description ""Measures 364-yards length"" yet only 236. I cannot do the project I needed it for with this yardage."
excellent
Just what the doctor ordered!  Good price and the right product.
Love th quality of this yarn!  Easy to use in projects.
Perfect match to my other skein of yarn
The color was exactly what I needed.
"An American standard of yarns !  This is the yarn that my grandmother first taught me to crochet with when I was four years old.  It still holds a dear place in my heart.  Great colors and holds up wonderfully even after years and years of washing and drying.  I have an afghan I made when I was eight years old.  It is a little bit wonky, since I was only eight years old.  The whole afghan isn't Red Heart but the larger majority of it is, and you can tell which yarn is the Red Heart yarn.  It has held up after all these years."
like
All things good or I would not be a returning customer.
Love this!
Love the way this yarn looks. It's awesome.
Just what expected
Too rough.  Need softer tarn.
Beautiful colors...just what I was looking for !
I loved this yarn for some reason it was so soft Red heart usually not this soft and the price was great I needed a lot to make my Granddaughter a afghan and it came out great I will buy more
True to color and softer than normal super saver!
Best price for such yarn.
Right price
I am making an afghan for myself with other colors. I remember in high school when I used to make the granny square and will use this as the last row to offset the other brighter colors along with cream to make it cheerful & bright. Red Heart makes a nice yarn. Thanks!
Good quality yarn.
"Strong, easy to work with. Nice large skein"
Good
"I am knitting my brother a scarf for the winter and had run out of yarn. I found the exact same yarn from Red Heart here on Amazon. Now I have enough to finish his scarf and to make one for our daughter as well! Beautiful colors in the blended yarn that range from cream to a dark tan, making it a perfect scarf that will go with any color they may choose to wear."
Thank you
"Red heart yarn was a bargain,used to make slippers,turned out great. Brand that speaks for its self,I order red heart on a regular basis,won't disappoint."
My sister made the hat for me so I can't speak to how this yarn was to work with but the hat was just what I wanted.
Good deal.
Making a slouch hat with the yarn. Love the colors.
Great yarn and great price!
very pretty.  good delivery service.
"This yarn is soft and I found it easy to work with. I love the flecks of color. To me, it really makes the items I'm making look more luxurious."
love the color
The color is NOT shocking pink - it's more of a boring mauvey-rose pink.  If I had known the true color I wouldn't have ordered this yarn :(
Great yarn!
"An absolute must for the Women's March.  The yarn is just the right color and price point to be able to make several hats.  I think I got about 2.5 from one skein, so I ended up making one hat striped.  The yarn is, as usual, a bit rough to work with as it is acrylic but for a major event where you are donating to charity and have no idea who is going to get it, you definitely want to use acrylic instead of wool because people can be allergic to wool.  Other people don't realize that you have to hand wash some wools or they don't go in the dryer or they're going to felt.  So this is a good choice when you don't know the recipient and you don't know what kind of care your work is going to receive.  The yarn is also easy care and this particular shade isn't quite as ""shocking"" as some of their other colorways!  I think ""Pretty n' pink"" is the most neon of their pinks.  Overall, it's a staple workhorse yarn."
Perfect Thanks!!!
Some sellers limit numbers of skeins. Nice to be able to get quality yarn in the larger quantity needed to make an afghan. And the price is great.
This is usely a good yarn for price. I pitched 3. The first one was really nice when I started on my blanket. Half way through it was not twisted as well as at the beginning but still it was fine. The other two was separating and catching on the crochet hook. I was making a baby blanket but because of the separating of the yarn I decided to make it a smaller blanket for my grandaughters dolls. I would not buy this again because of the time you lose when it splits on the hook and the stitches are not always smooth.
I crochet a bunch so when I find this yarn at a good price...It's mine!!!
I ordered this to make a snowflake afghan. This color was specified in the pattern but not available in any local stores. The yarn was softer than I expected and worked up really well. I will use again. I just wish that the yarns weren't mostly Add On items.
Used this (and several other colors) to make a blanket for my grandma for her birthday. She loved it! I wanted the colors to be kind of beachy (b/c she loves the beach) and I think I kind of accomplished that with this yarn.
"No knots or breaking...but it is black, white AND GRAY...not just black and white."
"Nice yarn, but thin in places. Not good working with this by itself."
Love the colors. Can't wait to make knitted hats out of it.
Very satisfied
Gorgeous colors!
"very pretty color, came in good shape"
Nice and came in good shape.
Great!
"Great yarn, but if you are looking for a mellow fall color - this isn't it. It's neon orange.  I am keeping it because I have yarn issues."
I have bought this yarn several times because of the lovely bright colors and the ease of knitting and crocheting with this yarn. There are so many different things to use it for.
Love !! These awesome colors together!
"I ordered this yarn because I wanted to start learning to crochet.  I cannot compare it to any other kind, but using it while watching beginner tutorials, I don't like that it seems to unwind and a strand of the line catches often.  Maybe there is something better to use for a crochet learner.  Maybe this works better if you are familiar with the material and technique while using."
As advertised
great pattern!
nice
Price is well worth it.
as agreed
"Love, love, love the colors. I am working on a king size blanket using this (42 rolls). Too bad they are no longer making it...once gone its gone. Buy in bulk of your planning on making something big."
I have made a lot of afghans in my many  years of crocheting but always used Red Heart wool and I thought I was getting wool this time. The  texture of this yarn was very loose stitches and split a lot.. I need to make another one after this and hope I can go back to wool.
"Only 364 yds, for the price($7 +} I was expecting the 744 yd skein. I don't know if this is an error or not."
"Beautiful marled red colors, very muted and natural"
I definitely love this yarn. Unfortunately I started a project a d couldn't find it anywhere to complete the project. So I ordered a few here. They are exactly the same. Love this color combination. I can't wait to have the time to finish up my project. This yarn isn't stiff like most RHSS yarns. That's why I like it.
Great as an accent or main color for just about any project. Soft and easy to work with.
Good quality
perfect
"I was so happy to find this partictular color blend on Amazon. It is the only place I was able to find it. I needed two skeins to finish an afghan started several years ago. I like Red Heart yarns for their ease of use, warmth, and the Painted Desert color blend is beautiful!"
love Red Heart yarn......This will help complete the baby blanket I am making for my newborn granddaughter.  She will have it forever and it will be full of love in every stitch.
"A bit scratchy, but otherwise good quality."
Pretty colors
Very soft
Excellent! fast shipping! Awesome prices!
Excellent! fast shipping! Awesome prices!
I thought it would be a real ugly color but it was nice.
when you work with it- the pattern ends up looking like a Christmas camouflage- very cute!
Love this Christmas color blend made an afghan
This comes up when searching for glow in the dark but doesn't glow at all
Used it to make cat beds that I donate to a local animal shelter.
Used it to make cat beds that I donate to a local animal shelter.
I like RedHeart yarn
This yarn is a gorgeous color! I am a Georgia fan and this red is perfect.
"The reviews seem to be for several different yarns.  I ordered the Red Heart Super Saver Economy Yarn in Shocking Pink.  7oz/198g  364yds/333m  They recommend a 5mm H-8 hook

It is a bright vibrant hot pink, just what I wanted.  I found it pleasantly soft  for an acrylic yarn of this weight."
"Typical Red Heart economy yarn. Not the best, but no one ever complains when they are snuggling up to a warm afghan made of this stuff. :-)"
I was very happy with the quality of the yarn and the speed with which I recieved my order
"Nice quality, bright colors. Am making a lap afgahan and is soft with a nice drape."
"Nice quality, bright colors"
Red Heart is always a good product
Amazon sellers can be awfully convenient when a certain yarn color is needed!  Thank you!
This is my go to yarn for most projects!
Red heart yarn is always fantastic <3
daughter was making an afghan and this is jut what she needed.
just what we wanted
"I like this brand. I bought the red, white and blue to make coasters with after the new year."
prompt & as described
"Eh.  It's yarn.  I somehow thought it glowed in the dark.  It's just this neon green.  Since it is 100% acrylic, there's no give and very little fuzz."
Love it
Love it
All 20 skeins were of the same dye lot number. I am most happy with my order.
As expected.
"This is your regular acrylic yarn. Warning, It is REALLY REALLY BRIGHT! But pretty!"
You can always depend on Red Heart yarn to be what you expect it to be.
The yarn came without any protection.  It has several dirty spots on the yarn.  Very disappointed!
"Came quickly, and is as expected."
I needed brown to tie a coffee themed quilt. Good quality threads for pulling through the fabric and batting pieces. Great price.
Blanket came out eautiful wrap and under tree
Worked good
I was little bit disappointed because it was not exactly as pictured and reds and oranges and Browns had barely see any blue and there I wish it was more as pictured
Perfect
Arrived early and I already used it to make a hat and scarf for one happy teen girl! She gets asked where she got them and the yarn too! I will definitely be buying more soon. I have a few requesting the pink camo also! Very pleased with this order! Thanks
TO use for my quilting
Worked great for our project.
This shade was a completely different size yarn than the other red heart super saver colors I bought. Much thicker and coarser. Ruined my project.
Just as expected.  Arrived quickly.
Great
"I'm always happy with Red Heart because I'm most familiar with your yarn! I can't always find the colors I want locally, so I have to order at times."
This made the cutest ltl hat for my 6mo old friend. He'll probably not care but mom & dad will love it!! Was easy to work with & n no tangling problems. Good yarn! Thx!
Good buy
Love Red Heart!!!
We bought this to make fun dream catchers. I can't comment on how good it is for quilting or crocheting since I don't do either of these. I can say the the yarn seemed nice and soft. It's durable and it is true to the color. It made a very pretty dream catcher and after several months the dream catcher still looks nice.
Pretty yarn
Same as you find in the store but at an add-on price.  Recommended.
Good yarn. Good price. Always check amazon first...for eveything...
all the yarns that I received are precious. I love them.
The quality of Red Heart yarn is the best!
glad you had the color to finish my project
Makes a great afagan
PERFECT!!!!
I have never had any problems with yarn purchase from here. Picture is a V - Stitch Scarf
Really love the hats made from this color.
Nice dye lot
good
love the yarn but I thought the price was alot and shipping. I was in a bind and needed this yarn to finish a project that I was working on.
My daughter is crocheting a blanket out of this for her son.  She has a ways to go yet but it is going to be absolutely beautiful.  Wonderful blend of colors
Yarn was exactly what I wanted. They finally lowered the price. This item was super hard to find anywhere. It showed up in here and I had to wait to get a good price! Totes worth the free shipping. Finished in time for Christmas!
"Normally RHSS yarn is stiff and scratchy, but this one was surprisingly soft."
Very good price.
this is a great quailty yarn! its medium weighted and catches well on my crochet hook. its nice and soft and the colors are just as pretty in person as they are in the picture. i was very pleased with the purchase and the price. Shipping took a little longer than i like but thats expected when Prime isn't available
I will never buy this again. It continually unraveled and falls apart. You get what you pay for.
love this color
Love this yarn!
Red Heart is the best knitting worsted available
Love it
"Speedy delivery, exactly as advertised.  I ordered five skeins of this yarn for joining blocks on an afghan I was making.  It was a perfect color for my needs.  The only problem was that I found a slub in one of the skeins  not a real problem, but I could not give the product a five-star rating. Otherwise, everything was fine. The appearance of that one little imperfection is probably a very rare occurrence. I am usually very happy with Red Heart yarns."
I love this Yarn!  It is beautiful and works up so pretty.  I made hats for my grandkids and they loved them. I'm buying it again.
ok
Nice
Nice to work with
Yarn was exactly the right color.
great value. good quality nice to work with.
Perfect
Can't beat Red Heart
"bought a lot of this brand in different colors, as a gift for my niece.  She loved them, colors awesome came quick, would buy again!"
I love me some super saver yarn!
Very satisfied
Over priced
"Works well, used it to make spider webs in the house."
Nice yarn
Was what I needed
"This item was just what I wanted as well as expected. Nice full skeins, color vivid will make a lovely crochet piece."
Love this yarn and got a great price...thank you!
I bought this for my sister-in-law. It is a beautiful color.
Good strength and vibrant color worth the money
Looked great in my Afghan!
Good yarn good price beautiful color!
excellent
As expected.
"Also, it coordinates well with Red Heart's ""Frosty"" yarn."
just what I needed
Just what you'd expect
Very scratchy to actually make anything for babies out of. Also looked more like neon pink than baby pink.
"Yarn splits easily~  Once knitted, the yarn seems to be fine, but it is sometimes hard to work with."
"Th quality of the yaarn is exactly what you'd expect, however the color was not true to the picture. I expected the Baby Pink to be a normal soft pastel pink, but it is actually a bit bright and bordering on neon. The photo is a bit exaggerated, but you can see the slight orange undertones in it, which I did not want. It's good enough for what I had in mind, though."
Use to crochet baby blankets for charity
" Red Heart yarn!!! Getting ready to be a Mamaw for then1st time & making my soon to be Grandson, Jaxson Coal, a Camo blanket from this soft Red Heart Yarn."
Great for the money!
I love Red Heart for my Afghans!!  Nice Color!
"Great quality as expected. I didn't notice any weird fraying or knots halfway through. The color was just as expected (I had bought some previously from JoAnn's and needed a refill.) Used it to make a tree skirt (see picture). It's a nice old-fashioned Christmas red. Obviously, it IS economy yard - a bit bulky and rough - but unless you're making something that needs to be more sleek, this suits very well. Plus, the color options and price make this a great option as well."
"This yarn was perfect for what I needed, and with Amazon Prime, I received free shipping, and the total was cheaper than Joann's."
Pretty color change but a little rough.
"Great. Buy
Thank you
Dalila"
THIS IS NOT SUPER SAVER ECONOMY YARN LIKE IT SAYS!!! It is the smaller size! Now I have to order the same amt to have enough!
I am very happy with yarn especially the size. worth the money.
been searching for that color for months.
"I use this for odds and ends and small craft projects. Not the softest yarn, but for the price it gets the job done. If you're looking to make baby items or clothing, go with the Super Soft line rather than the economy. But for smaller jobs and crafts, this works great, especially for the price."
this yarn was at a good price
"wonderful color, fun to work with other colors"
"This is the worst yarn I have ever used.  I have used many different colors of red heart yarn, they make great hats, slippers etc.  however this color was so stiff.  The hand warmers I made are rough, going to try washing and drying with a softener to see if they can be used.  I have no idea why this one color or dye lot is so bad.  I can't say don't buy this brand as I use a lot of it every year, just wish there was a way to return it to red heart or at least an explanation."
Love love love. So soft and easy to work with!
Redheart makes the best bang for your buck yarns.
"fast delivery, great price, product as described"
"When I see SUPER Saver I think it is the large skein of yarn - this is not.  It is only 5 oz.  So don't be fooled.  I like the color and the yarn, just disappointed in the size."
This yarn is SUPER scratchy & likes to unravel itself when trying to crochet it.
great
Pretty.
It glows under a blacklight which is why I bought it. So I'm a happy customer :)
breat buy
This is softer then the regular red heart yarn. I got it for a mermaid blanket project. It is a perfect fit for the several shades of blue that compliment the project.
Good quality
"My spouse purchased this to finish a blanket she started 15 years ago! The colors are still exactly the same, it's nice to see consistency with a company like this. Shipping was extremely quick and easy."
Love this yarn; great stitch definition and motorway.
Great
Everyone knows about Super Saver.  If you need a large quantity of yarn this is the way to go but it is rough.  I used shampoo & hair conditioner to soften my project after I was done.
"always a good buy,  have run into small stetches of yarn that I have had to cut out  because of unraveling,  but that has only been a few times.."
It's a bit loose but overall sturdy.  I used mine and it moved around quite a bit. I'm satisfied for the price.
Pic is slightly cooler toned than the item really is. It's more of a fluoresccent green.
Was nice to have the rest of the yarn I needed to finish my project. Worked out great.
"The color I needed for my afghan, which I couldn't find in any local stores."
"I paid $9+ for 364 yards of yarn!!!  TOTAL RIPOFF!!  These were supposed to be DOUBLE SIZED skeins!!!  I pay $2.50 for 364 yards at local stores!!!  I want a return label unless I get 2 more skeins, one of each color!!!"
Must more candy apple red.
"Its not the softest yarn, in my opinion. However, it does work up really nicely, and I love the range of colors."
Love Red Heart Yarn
"This was not the color I wanted for the project I was making. But, it was perfect for a couple of hunting hats. Love yarn. Can't get enough."
daughter cannot get enogh yarn
Good price on this yarn.
easy to work with
Somewhat stiff and scratchy
"Great yarn, arrived in a timely manner."
"I bought this to crochet a baby blanket for a boy. The colors are bright and bold, making for a unique blanket everyone will notice. Working with it is a pleasure, no tangles or knots, slides so easily I ordered an extra skein because I so love the ease of it and decided to make the blanket bigger, that's how great it is. A joy to work with!"
Great yarn for blankets
I love the colors in this skein. I'm going to be testing it to see if it works with argyle color pooling. I was disappointed that there was no label on the item...
The color is the one I wanted and the quality is very good.
It doesn't fray easily when cut which is something I really like about it.  I bought this item for cosplay (not knitting or crocheting) so I do not use it for its intended purposes but still like it.  There is a good amount so I won't be running out anytime soon.  My cat also enjoys using the yarn as a toy.
TENDS TO SPLIT A BIT.
Happy wife happy life
Nice color
nice.
It's yarn!
Pretty yarn for a great price.
Great price and I can at least find all the colors I'm looking for
Very nice yarn
Very pleased
"It's Red Heart Super Saver, it's ok yarn."
Just what I needed to finish my project!
"This yarn is pieced together. When you try to ball it it unravels, knots and the color is inconsistent. Especially the orange colored ones. Red dye is dropped throughout. It actually looks like someone bled on it. Comparing it to other yarns it isn't soft either. I prefer Vannas choice or Bernat. Do yourself a favor and spend a bit more on quality."
The best thing about this was they were able to provide the quantity I needed for a big project and almost all of it was the same dye lot and the ones that were not were still really really close.
Great yarn at a great price.
Very good made afgans now. Entered into state fair
very good thank you
The color is really nice against many other colors of yarn.
They broke within a couple months. Waste of money. Would have bought metal ones from the start.
would like this color and claret made into tearm colors
as ad
Ok
Very nice inexpensive yarn.
Very nice inexpensive yarn.
It's a fine yarn.
"super scratchy. the most so of any in the super saver line I've tried so far. Couldn't stand to crochet with it as it was so just finished soaking it in water, vinegar and hair conditioner to soften. Waiting for it to dry now and hoping it worked. The color is much darker than it appears in the photo as well. It's not going to work for the project I intended it for so I'll find something else to do with it.
I really wish that Red Heart would offer the same quality throughout this line. It's such a great price but you never know what you're going to get from one color to the next. Same are awesome (white), others are soft and pretty but split badly (Icelandic) and then there's the sandpaper rough ones like this lavender color. The thickness and thinness of the strands are all over the place too. They're all supposed to be a category 4 but it's not really much of a guide when one color seems twice as thick as another. I guess I just don't understand the fiber production process. Shouldn't it all be the same exact yarn just dyed different colors?"
Beautiful rich color.
Totally love this yarn
Excellent
"I am an avid crocheter and I use this yarn for almost all of my projects! It works up well, and is firm enough to work with well but softens up easily once the project is completed."
"I've always been happy with Red Heart Super Saver solids. I like the wool texture, great price and easy care. This color Light Gray was more like the Red Heart ombres I've been disappointed with lately because they were thinner and stringier, and felt much more synthetic. This gray is also a lifeless color and had knots and some very thin sections. It will do for the project, but I will not buy this color again."
"Really pretty colors (amethyst, royal, grape fizz). Nice for a granny square afghan."
"This yarn was the perfect Blue. I was in search for the right colors and this one is a nice bright blue. The yarn is worsted weight 4. It's really easy to use. The only problem with acrylic yarns is after a couple hours they do bother my hands, I have sensitive skin so I often have to take breaks. The yarn is 7 oz which was more than enough yarn for the project I use it for. I do tight stitches and I have enough yarn to do 2 more projects with it. I've used other yarn brands and Red Heart yarns have always met my expectations every time."
Very unhappy with this yarn.  Very scratchy and a lot of knots.
Perfect colors
"I love Red Heart yarn, I needed to match a color to a project I had already started, I didn't know the name of the yarn I had already started using since it was in my yarn box with no label, this was a perfect match, got my project finished submitted it in my local county fair and won 2nd place! Red heart yarn is great quality and it is soft yarn!"
The yarn was as expected.  Service was great.
Perfect  and the roll is bigger than expected
I LOVE this color!!!
"Excellent deal! Brand new yarn, individually wrapped. Items as described."
Great product and for a good cause
"This yarn is completely satisfactory for the $2.88 price. I made seventy-two and a half solid granny squares with one skein of medium thyme. (364 yards) For colors that are more expensive here, Wal-Mart carries this brand at the $2.88 price point, and I think Jo-Ann Fabrics carries it as well, so check there."
"I get this yarn all the time for my yarn braids. It's soft, the colors are vivid, and the super saver packs are an awesome value. The yarn also holds up well to weekly washing, which is important whether you're using it for clothes or hair!"
Great yarn. Soft. Made a great blanket.
Arrived as new product as expected.
"Redheart is a good all purpose yarn. Washes well.
No dye lot.
Comes in many colors."
just as expected
Color is a little light but it's ok!
great
great quality and price
great quality and price
Just what I needed!
"My mistake, when I saw glow, I thought it was glow in the dark yarn"
"Lovely colors blend nicely, strong yarn with no fraying."
"Just as expected, & it was the same price as the store except I didn't have to go to the store, so win win!"
This helped me top finish the  afghan I was making plus have some left over for another afghan.
A good black yarn.
great!
easy to work with
This bright pink is a lot more dominant than it looks in the picture or when you get it. The colors also change a lot more often than other yarns I've gotten.
"This is a very ""COOL"" green color.  It's almost neon but not as bright.  It matches a lot of other colors in the multi-colored skeins too."
"I love the color. I am very into Pumpkin autumn-y but cheerful and bright so this met that criteria. I'm thinking I should actually down rate the product though. I'm crocheting a blanket and every time I twist this yarn around my hook the yarn ""untwists"". I don't know how else to describe it. None of the other yarns are doing this untwisting, the other skeins are the same just different colors.

How does this yarn feel? Some people say it feels scratchy; I don't think it feels scratchy. It's not baby blanket soft, but it's just fine as a wrap or sleeping under. I pause my washer during the fabric softener cycle and let the blanket just soak in the softener for awhile. Maybe that's why my blankets don't seem scratchy to me?!"
"Not as soft as some of the others, but easy to work with."
Beautiful
Durable yarn
Love it 
"I absolutely love this yarn! I am in the middle of making a blanket using the Peruvian print color, and i love the way the yarn works up. And so, haven't had any problems with it either! I will continue to use red heart yarns!!!!"
"I bought this yarn for a different color variety for me. I don't care for the browns but this brown with the green is not bad. Made a hat with it,"
"soft, thick, nice!"
good
Just what I expected.
It was fantastic! :0)
"Good value for sure. Bought this for various projects and crafts and has been serving me well. Doesn't fray too much when cut. Relatively soft (not coarse but not plush and velvety either). Seemed accurately represented and happy with my purchase. I probably could have found it for a little less at certain stores - but whatever the extra cost, was worth the time saved to me to purchase online."
My favorite yarn.
I love the bright  yellow.  We are Steeler fans so it was perfect for the scarves I have made for my family and me.
"Not much stretch to it, but it's easy to work with."
"The quality and color are wonderful. I gave this product three stars because it claims ""super saver"" as the size, yet there are only 236 yards of yarn. After doing the math, I would have to buy three to have an average skein marked ""super saver""."
Was a gift
Was a gift
As expected
I love the color of this yarn.  Makes a gorgeous blanket.
Really big skein.  Will buy again.
Satisfied
Good Big Skeins ! ! !  As for Glow-in-the-Dark you definitely need a black light !!!!
"So easy to work with and the color selection is HUGE !!
I will always look them up for my projects !!
(The pricing is awesome too !!)"
My knitter was happy to get this
Love Read Heart.  Great yarn for all projects.  Color is very vivid and even.
Item is exactly as pictured. Shipping was fast. decent price for this size yarn spool. Used for crafting works perfectly.
It gets softer with use
"Red Heart has an awful rep. I'm a very avid knitter and I know the right thing to do it knit with those lovely hand spun, small batch dyed luxury yarns (which I do often). But when you're looking to knit something that will be hard worn, you want to last forever, and you won't be pissed I'd your husband throws it in the washer and dryer - then Red Heart is where it's at. To soften it up a bit I just soak it in a TON (like, a whole bottle) of dollar store hair conditioner and give it a good wash. Don't be a yarn snob."
standard RHSS
Surprisingly all are from same stock (code)...nice. Thank you ...delivered on time
"This is a beautiful color. It works up well with the peacock, and macaw red heart yarns for the mermaid blanket. Let's hope the two blankets I am working on will be completed for Christmas gifts."
"I have ordered this yarn to make a mermaid blanket for my grand daughter. It works up nicely, and the combination of color compliments the other colors well."
came very quickly and was everything I expected. I love Red heart yarn.
great price and fast delivery!
great price and fast delivery!
Fast delivery.  Beautiful.
"All good, & it was early."
nice transaction no problems
The white was pure it wasn't sitting on a shelf. Going to buy more yarn
"This is a very high quality and strong, beautiful yarn, but I just wish more came with each skein."
"Description states the skein is 364yds, the ones shipped to me were only 236yds. As I ordered these for a specific project, the yardage was factored in to how many I bought, had to go back and purchase more so I can complete my project."
I love this yarn . My needle glides easily which makes me happy because I can work faster.
I crocheted a very beautiful afghan and it goes well with a lavender sheet set that was purchased at amazon. The color blends in very well.
ok
"Very Soft Yarn, Can't Beat The Price. Always Keep One Of These On Hand."
This was perfect for making pom poms for Xmas decorating.
Loads of yarn and fast shipping.
Thankful to find affordable super saver yarn in a true teal color. Halfway done with the blanket and it is beautiful!
"While I love this yarn, and have used it in many different projects... why on earth would I pay almost 7.00 for the same size and color that is available in my local Walmart, AC Moore and other craft stores for less than 3.00. For the same exact thing! I would give the yarn 4 to 5 stars, but because of the price, it only gets 3 stars."
Red Heart is always a value for the price.  This will end up being a crocodile stitch mermaid tail blanket for my granddaughter.
Nice
"Just under the Walmart size of the same kind of yarn!  But, fine to work with!"
"Let me start with this is a yarn my mom used to make baby blankets.  She had started a blanket before she passed and I finished it for her newest grandchild.  If I didn't find it on Amazon, I'm not sure what I would have used.  I don't know the correct terminology but the yarn could be wound tighter."
"great weight,and affordable"
"This was exactly what I was looking for. It is great quality yarn. Strong and durable, but still soft. I made my son an afghan with this yarn. This is my favorite brand."
Good for cheap yarn. My go to brand for dolls and such.
great for my project.
Great yarn at an amazing price. I have always used Red Heart yarn but have paid a much higher price online or in craft stores like Michaels or JoAnn's. Highly recommend this yarn.
Great yarn at a great price. Much cheaper than I have purchased anywhere else.
I used the yarn to make a couple of tops and everyone love the color and how soft the yarn was.
exactly what I wanted. thank you
"I just received this yarn yesterday and while I like it for knitting pillow covers. The colors are dark and it has a nice hand to it while knitting. I haven't had a problem with finding the center pull or knots so far and it doesn't split. The reason I can't give this 5 stars is because my skein has only 236 yards, while this is not a big deal for me it could have been if I was working on a larger project."
Awesome product as always.
Average
I couldn't find this color anywhere and was very skeptical about buying it online since the colors are not always what they appear to be.  This is exactly the color I needed.  Exactly how it looked online.  I'm very happy with it and have since purchased 3 more.
"Good feel, no kinks and soft."
Purchase a good deal of Red Heart Yarn for charitable projects.  It never fails me and the new color combos are gorgeous!
Thanks
"Red heart has been my go-to brand for amigurumi for years now! Their wide variety of colors makes for great plushies! However, if you plan to use this for articles of clothing, I would suggest steaming with a towel over your work or washing with fabric softener."
It is not as thick as the black or red yarn.
nice color
"I had started to crochet my daughter a throw blanket and ran out again. This is my second time ordering this yarn. I love the color and the throw blanket turned out great. I also used solid yellow, blue and green yarns with this Banana Berry Yarn. Great bargain yarn and lots of colors."
Great yarn and price
The product appeared to have been used.  The Red Heart label was completely torn from the yarn.  The yarn appeared to have been unwrapped from the center (not the pull out end) and to have been cut -- as the end of the yarn was frayed.
I love this red heart yarn.it is very soft
Perfect Color
"Wonderful color, beautiful project, sturdy, affordable"
great feel. holds new shape in crochet. want more. thanks!
ok
Great price and all ways love red heart yarn!
Great colors
nice big yarn!
These colors are so adorable together. I made leg warmers for my little ballerina friend. One skein made a set of leg warmers for a middle schooler. The yarn didn't knot when it came out and was easy to work with. I will buy super savers any time over any other yarn.
Nice yarn.
Another pretty yarn. Am making scarves out of the yearns I have bought.
I love these super saver size yarns! They do just that! Save you money!! The skeins are big and you an get quite a bit from just one! When you need several colors... this is the way go! The yarn is the same great quality. No inferior product. Just better pricing! I will definitely go this way again!!
I loved the color even more when I saw it. That's rare! Thanks! Worked out perfect for my project! I am a fan of yours! Will look for more colors in the future.
I loved working with this yarn and created several baby star blankets using white and bonbon or white and wildflower. One think though is that the texture of the solid color seems slightly thicker and dense than the multicolors.
"my wife loved this yarn, knitted afaghans for the grandchildren"
always liked Red Heart products
This is a very fun color combo... perfect for stuffed animals and/or blankets.
"Fast shipping, packing was clean and appropriate, and the product was new, clean, fresh smelling."
Perfect in every way!
Product arrived on time and the right color.
Excellent
"Although I don't tend to use acrylic yarn, when I do so, this is economical and as expected with quality, color and ease of use."
Great price. Worked out great for project.
Perfect.
"Very small skeins, smaller than I expected  for the price but this was the only place I could find some more of the color I needed so I kept them. Wished the description had listed ounces since that's what I am used to working with."
Matched perfectly to some 8 or old yarn I had.
really pretty
great colors
love the color combinations
great colors
"I ordered this yard for a future project which I haven't started yet.  The pattern recommended this particular color and brand so I found it on Amazon.  I must say that I've used Red Heart 'Soft"" yarn before and have always been pleased with the result so I'm giving this a five star as I did with the yarn that I did use on my other projects. I would recommend it to other crocheters and knitters."
Great
"As a long-time user of Lion Brand yarns, what's left to say?  I'm always pleased with the yarn I buy (both locally & online) and always have excellent results in the outcome."
love it
Got to make winter cap for granddaughters.
Just what I needed to finish the blanket I was working on!
Loved it exactly what was required
Just what I needed to make a toy for my Granddaughter
Beautiful blue hue and super soft!
Worked well
"Red Heart is a great all around yarn. It's good for projects and is sturdy. It is however scratchy and not the best material. I love using it for things that need to last awhile, or take a beating. It's also very affordable which means that I can use it without worrying about investing too much into something."
"Received , and it's ok"
good price
Great true colors. Quality of yarn is as expected. Good product.
"A fabulous rich, thick, soft hand to this. No troubles with yarn splitting. Great for scarves, baby items, etc."
Great quality and perfect packaging.
needed to finish an afghan my girlfriend was making for my daughter
I'm not a fan at all of this yarn. The tiny fibers are itchy and come out way too easily.
Beautiful!
Great blanket yarn
made a beautiful shawl
great product
I love Red Heart yarn. This green was the perfect shade and my blanket is turning out wonderfully with it included!
"made a beautiful afghan for my son, unfortunately he killed himself before I could give it to him for Christmas"
"Very pretty colors. Vivid pinks, purples, and the contrasting black is a terrific blend of hues.  I can't wait to start producing hats.  They are going to look amazing with this blend."
Fast shipping and a quality product.
Good price.  Good product
"Soft yarn , beautiful color and even though it's acrylic, it felt nice in my weaving project. I've already purchased more because I like the weight of it too."
"Soft yarn , beautiful color and even though it's acrylic, it felt nice in my weaving project. I've already purchased more because I like the weight of it too."
"Cheap and ugly, but I should have known that when I bought it."
Great!
Couldn't find this color at a local fabric shop anymore. Ordered it and was exactly what I needed.
Great yarn for Christmas projects. Will order again.
Excellent!
Great
I knitted two scarfs and they came out awesome. I gave them as gifts and each person really loved the scarf I made for them. I love the colors they are perfect.
Love this color!  So bright!  I used it to make a crocheted baby dragon that came out awesome!  Red Heart Yarn is great yarn at a great price...
"Love this, it's a large skein of worsted weight yarn. I will buy this type of yarn again."
Love red heart yarn and how it stands up with washing and the colors this yarn comes in. Many other companies have thinner yarn but not red heart. It's soft and durable. I love the super saver sizes as well for my projects.
just the right color
Have you ever used red heart super saver yarn before? It hasn't changed. It's still a giant roll. It's still yarn.
Bright color - can crochet many items with the amount of yarn supplied
Love the colors and perfect for baby afghans
Perfect.
Perfect.
Perfect.
good color
"I have bought this before, this is the only place I seem to be able to get it when I need this particular type, thank you."
needed this
"This is the perfect shade of pink, exactly what I was looking for. I have used this brand many many times so the texture is what I was expecting. I'm making a bedspread for my full size bed. Upon finishing I will update my review for amount used to finish up. I purchased 12 skeins, hopefully it's enough. I can always purchase more if not."
Great product. have used red heart for many years.
Good product.
As expected
nice but not as soft as the others I've bought
Made a scarf for a customer and she loves it!!
Great to work with
Love this yarn!
"It's exactly as described and advertised., Thank you for this pretty yellow yarn."
Exactly what I orderdr.
as described
"thanks to Amazon I got the right color I needed to finish my wedding gift.
  Thanks,"
just what she wanted
Excellent
These colors are to die for!
Beautiful mix of color! Great for an afghan.
Made 2 nice hats from this very soft thank you gor letting me shop eith you
Nice and soft made a nice hat thank you
Love red heart yarn
Very vibrant color and soft material. I noticed certain colors are softer than others
Love the way the variations look on finished product.
"Beginner crochet person here. Knew nothing at all about yarn when I bought this - chose it because I didn't know there were any differences and the colors are gorgeous and the price is right. However, it is very difficult to work with. The threads come apart constantly. Not easy to use with smaller hooks. Not soft at all, gives my index finger some sort of yarn burn, like a rug burn. Used it for practice but then had to toss it."
Amazing
"For the price this yarn isn't so bad! It is not the softest yarn you will by but, again the price is right and you can make it work.  I soaked my crocheted blanket with some cheap condition and it softened it up!  Totally worth it."
I love it!
Came on time with a quick and fast delivery. This pink camo yarn is good for anybody who likes pink camo because my mother-in-law loved it.
Work great for purpose bought for
"I LOVE this shad of blue, and now I know where I can get it!  Please tell Red Heart to NEVER discontinue Delft Blue."
This yarn was the worst yarn I ever bought! It  kept separating and also cost twice as much at amazon then it does in a store. I ordered it because the store was out of it and I had a project I was working on. I thought for the price it was a bigger ball of yarn. [O
A little darker than I anticipated but worked well with my project.
"Loved the yarn, it is what it wa said to be. Making it into a beautiful baby afghan."
"Really soft and easy to work with, plus even if i mess up it doesn't come unraveled!"
Perfect match to some old yarn I'd had for years.
Made a beautiful scarf and ear warmer
Nice color used to make hats
Great thanks
Excellent!
"Exactly what I needed! Started a project with ""what I had"" and ran out... :( No local store carried the color I needed, so ordered it here. Exact match to what I already had and super fast shipping! Thanks"
I love getting my yarn from Amazon!
"Great colors, great texture. For a scarf (which is what I am making) I need to use two strands, but those two skeins will make a full scarf (With some extra). Very excited"
"Great colors, great texture. For a scarf (which is what I am making) I need to use two strands, but those two skeins will make a full scarf (with extra). Very excited"
"Great colors, great texture. For a scarf (which is what I am making) I need to use two strands, but those two skeins will make a full scarf (with extra). Very excited"
Love the purples. Its great yarn and I'm partial to red heart but love it
Love the yarn and the service was amazing.
"One of my favorite heather grey yarns, this one! A bit scratchy when working it up, but after a washing with some conditioner it softens up dramatically and becomes as soft as yarn twice or three times its price. The color goes fantastically with accent colors: I love using it with variegated and/or self-striping yarns; it makes colors ""pop"" while providing a lovely grey background.

I've gone through at least ten skeins in the past year and always pick up several skeins when I find it on sale; this has definitely become one of my ""go-to"" yarns. Highly recommended!"
Excellent...
very good
very good
"I love multi coloured yarns and I had to buy this once I saw it! I have many skeins of Red Heart super saver but this one feels different in texture, which feels and looks kinda cotton to me. Not warm texture like typical acrylic yarns. Also easily splits."
"Just  the color I was looking for, but couldn't find in any stores."
I like Red Heart. Decent price and the yarn doesn't give me too much hassle.
"great! my mother loves these. she is a crochet nut, afgans galore!"
Always crochet with this brand yarn love it
Over priced!
"My son loves camo and got excited when he saw his yarn. I gave it 4 stars because it is very expensive, you can get it for half the price in a fabric store. Plus it is a small bundle.it is acrylic so it's not very soft but I knew that when I ordered it. If you can get red heart for less than $3 like some other colors than it is worth the price. The colors are great!"
Always love Red Heart yarn.  Some people claim it to be scratchy but I find it to be wonderful to work with and the more you wash it the softer it gets.  It's also always affordable.
bright colorful yarn.  Love it
A little thick but perfect
"Fast delivery. Great quality yarn. Love the color, picture is accurate to color"
"It's inexpensive but a little rough to the touch. Color is consistent from skein to skein. Does the job, but nothing special."
"Perfect match, came just when I needed it to be here!"
"Been using Red Heart Super Saver for a long time. I needed a skein of this color to finish a project and no store in the area had it. Amazon to the rescue. Red Heart seems to have solved some of the issues they had a few years ago when their manufacturer ceased business and they had to switch makers. Some of the darker colors were rather stiff, and stayed that way until a good first washing. This skein seemed fine."
Loved the colors. Always love Red Heart yarn.
Wife was very happy with product. She tries to use Red Heart products when possible for its quality and choice of colors.
Great red color! Strong yarn. This yarn will most likely allow me to use it for multiple crafts/projects. I am currently using the yarn to make pom poms and they came out great! The color is vibrant and the yarn is very durable.
"Well there are pros and cons to this yarn and consodering them all I decided to give it 3 stars- middle of the road. The pros are the price and the color choices. I think it was a nice cheep price for a nice big ball of yarn. The thickness is nice, I usually use an H crochet hook or similar size. It works well with knitting too. My hooks and needles could work it well, it was easy to pick up and stitch with. I also love that this yarn is available in so many different colors. I made a few items and was happy with how they looked. Nice and thick and kept its shape. I hand washed it and had good results as well- no shrinkage. It was able to be hand washed in the sink and laid flat to dry.
Now for the cons: I really have only one complaint, however that complaint can be a deal breaker for me if I'm considering repurchasing. After I worked hard on a scarf and excitedly finished it and put it around my neck... I realized it was scratchy!! So although the piece looks like I wanted it to, the fact that it's scratchy means that I won't be able to wear it or give it as a gift! Since this is the whole reason why I do crafts I'm going to have to say I will not purchase this brand again unless the piece I'm making isn't for an item of clothing that touched the neck or face (like a scarf). It takes me a lot of time and energy to knit and crotchet so I'll make sure next time BEFORE I START THE PROJECT that I take the ball of yarn and hold it up to my face and see if it's scratchy first. I actually should have done that anyway so it's my fault for not making sure. So if your looking to craft (non scarf crafts) this is the yarn for you! I will find different yarn for my scarves- unfortunately it will have to be a more expensive ball of yarn I'm sure, which is why I tried this one first, to save money. But not every corner is worth cutting, especially if you put a lot of work in, because it's a waste of time in the end if you can't even use the product you made."
"This yarn makes a good loom knit scarf, but the colors were a tiny bit different than expected. Other than that, it's good."
Good!
Got as a gift for my mother at a grate price for the holidays. I noticed they raised the price good this I got when it was low price.
I usually very happy to buy my yarn here but this specific item came to me yesterday and the colors were faded and off...
"Love this yarn!  Very convenient to order the exact colors I need from Amazon, however Amazon does not match dye lots all the time.  When you order directly from Red Heart, they always match dye lots for you."
Super
Very nice coloring! Looks great for hats and scarves.
"nice to the touch, and is great to work with"
"The color is the shade of teal I needed, but it is not wool, but acrylic.
My project is felted and acrylic will not work.  There was no receipt
in the package for me to return it.  I continue to save it in the wrapper
if I do receive a recept."
Good looking yarn.  Gave as present.
"Kinda disappointed in this yarn.  I've been crocheting for about 30 years and this is the first Red Heart that I've had separate like this.  I am not sure if it's the colors or what, but I am finding it kind of aggravating making the afghan I'm working on now with it.  The colors are pretty and muted (just what I wanted) but the yarn is not up to Red Heart quality to me."
I don't have any problems with Red Heart yarn.  I like it more then others.
"The yarn has a great color and texture, ideal for most projects. The price is amazing for such a large yardage."
nice
nice
I ordered 5 sh. received 3 only
"I love using Red Heart yarn, so easy to work with."
"Beautiful purple yarn, it will make a really nice blanket.  I love using Red Heart yarn."
"As usual, no complaints about the quality of the yarn and the color was represented perfectly by the picture when ordered. I will definitely order yarn again through Amazon!"
"Not so much of a complaint about the yarn texture, but the color advertised: the color depicted in the photos are much lighter than what the actual product looked like. However, it wasn't too much of a bother, so I didn't see a need to call for a return/replacement."
I expected a pastel green - it was not pastel.
Ok
"I love Red Heart Super Saver Yarns! The variety of colours and affordable price. So I own (or have used) many colours of them and noticed some are soft and some feel bulky even though they are all labeled same length and weight. This Coffee colour would fall into ""bulky"" for me.
I crochet so only about it.  This one is great for sturdy items such as basket, but I wouldn't use it for scarves, hat, which I want softness."
"Candy is a fun color, and I'm guessing my pink-loving grandniece will like it as much as I do.  I always have good results with Red Heart, and it wears well, and washes well."
"Walmart sells this yarn for less than 4.00 a skein, 236yards. Save your money and go to Walmart. The quality of the yarn is average but the color is very nice. Easy to crochet with and to make nice blankets or beanies. Highly recommend this product but not this seller at the curre t 8.00 per skein."
The color of these yarns are nice and bright but they are a little scratchy for my taste.  Maybe if you were making something not meant to be worn but I wouldn't use for a scarf or hat.
Interesting colors.  Fun to work into a project.  Soft yarn.
Just as described
Exactly what was wanted.
"Love the way colors work, but yarn keeps separting. Am used to a much better product from Red Heart. Never had an issue before."
"I have bought this product before, but only from the store. Very versatile."
It was great
"This is a bit softer than Red Heart has been in the past, not as soft as I'd like, but it is an improvement. I used it to make a girly version the Creeper from Minecraft."
The yarn was very beautiful.  Will make a wonderful gift for someone
ok
"This yarn is GREAT.  I received fast delivery, well packaged, and priced.  The yarn is excellent to use on all my crafts."
All time favorite
"Loved it that it are bagged/wrapped individual. Color matched perfectly to my pending crochet project to finish, i was not able to find this color in stores, for some reason. So i am very happy with the products."
"This is a nice soft acrylic that works up fast on large needles.  I too was mistaken in thinking that it glowed in the dark, it doesn't.  So it only gets a 4 star rating due to the ambiguous labeling.  I would recommend this for baby clothes, hats, etc or a layette set for those wanting to skip the pink vs. blue color choice."
Beautiful yarn at a great price. Nice to work with!
Always satisfied
Made three afghans and working on one more. Love the red.
Great deal!
Red heart yarn is red heart yarn....what can I say
"Great price and color.  I know the Red Heart brand to have a long history and great reputation.  Using for loom knitting, works well."
Good yarn
I love this yarn.  It is superior quality and just what I wanted.
As advertised
Got two different dye lots.
Thank you.
"Said royal blue but was really dark blue, not royal blue color, so beware! I have seen red heart's royal blue that were more true to color in craft stores or what not than here"
great
Great white yarn can be used for various projects.
Great yarn!
"Came I just the right sized package & on tint, plus was just as described by seller."
I couldn't find the quantity I needed at any store. Then found this as an add-on to another order. I couldn't believe the price!
It appears to be like any other red heart yarn. I have not used it yet.
This yarn was perfect for some charity knitting I was doing.
perfect
"Perfect condition upon arrival, color true to what's pictured."
Beautiful color and super soft! I made a scarf with this yarn as a gift and my sister loved it
One skein is very ratty-looking.  I'm not even confident it's a full skein.  It appears to have been opened and rewound.
Just what I thought it would be.
"While my favorite yarn is actually Lion Brand, I actually liked working with this yarn, too. I picked it up for a specific project, and I wasn't disappointed. :) I would definitely use it again. :)"
Great price for yarn
Great color and price.
"Product is as advertised, delivered in timely fashion"
Love this yarn. Perfect color for making Yoshi!
"Given as a gift, they LOVED it. Lovely, deep wine red color. Good price when on sale."
I purchased a large quantity of this yarn to make loom knitted caps for the local VA home and hospital.  Price was right and the vendor was very efficient.
Very good as expected and the delivery time was amazing
"Love this combination of colors! Works up nicely as well. Had a project in mind, but the colors weren't showcased enough. Testing stitches to see which will look best and show off these awesome combo of colors!"
consistently spun and evenly dyed.
"I'm not a fan of this brand. They're scratchy. It's excellent if you want to make decorative items or anything that won't touch your skin, but not for blankets, scarves, gloves, etc."
shipped quick and was what I expected
Great product as always
I love red heart yarn. I used this color specificly to make a baby blanket for a co-worker. Red heart is definitely the best money saving yarn on the market.
"Made a speckled pink and black hat, thanks :)"
"Sooperdooper !
Simply steupendous. How marvelous the package delivered so soon!!
Great!!"
Very nice Worth the price
Nice large skein of the color I needed to coordinate with a variegated yarn I was working with.  Thanks!
Bought for a friend who said it worked well. The blanket she made with it is beautiful. Note- the yellow isn't as florescent as the photo looks- it's a nice bright yellow.
"Worked really well. Great colors, too."
The only problem I had with this was the amount of tied ends that I foun in it.
"While this isn't my favorite yarn, it's a very good one. Inexpensive(although I have seen some sellers on here trying to get $9 for one skein- it's around $3-$4 at local stores) yarn that's good for a variety of projects. It does fray easier than some, but not too bad. Personally, the feel of it is a bit itchy. It doesn't bother others, just a personal thing. I do use it for small lapghan type blankets but not for the larger ones that'll be touching my skin."
Bought for my daughter who is just learning to crochet.  Colors are very cute and vibrant.
excellent
excellent
nice size
pretty color
great price for the yarn. I can make at least one baby blanket out of this yarn.
Beautiful
I love this product!
"Red Heart yarn.  Tried and true product I have used for years. This product is easy to use, turns out a nice afghan, machine washes and dries."
"Lots of thin spots, frays easily.  Not the quality I expect from Red Heart."
Just as expected. Red Heart yarn is what I use for all my standard crochet projects and the color was spot on. Not sure why I would stand in the aisle of the craft store when I can get the same yarn delivered.
Great yarn!!!
Good Quality Yarn at a very good price.
"Perfect, not top of the line, but what I needed"
Excellent
"Weird pattern. Turns into black and white stripes in the middle for no reason and throws off the whole color scheme, but I guess it's OK."
I use red heart yarn for almost every project I do . and the camo yarn is very very pretty and its softer and easier to work with than most others. The hat I made came out amazingly. I would definitely order this again!
Nice
Just what we needed!
"This is a really pretty combination of colors and a good sturdy yarn.  I find it very easy to work with whether doing crochet, knitting with needles or loom knitting.  Great price for a basic quality."
Good quality yarn. versatile for many projects. I love the bright variegated colors.
good quality yarn for varied projects.
perfect
"Definitely ""economy"" yarn!  Very rough and scratchy to touch. Great if you are crocheting patterns like baskets where you need the extra stiffness to hold a shape. Terrible for items you would wear."
Excellent!
"Love the quantity. Used the yarn for yarn braids and I ended up using the whole pack for medium-sized, armpit-length braids. This is my second time purchasing, and will definitely do so again and again. :)"
"This Cafe Latte is my favorite color brown. It almost has a grayish, pink color to it. Red heart has never let me down in terms of quality yarns with bright lovely pigments. Definitely fun to work with."
working on the afghan now.
red heart is always great yarn
"I love the combination of colors in the Aran Fleck! I have used it for knitting hats, mittens and am currently knitting a poncho (as requested by one of my older granddaughters). The Fleck coloring looks good by itself and when mixed with other colors as well. I have 12 grandchildren that keep me busy, especially at this time of year! I enjoy making them something with my own hands----one year I crocheted/knitted 20 large afghans for family Christmas gifts.
I have found that as I work with the yarn it gets softer. When washing, I set my washer to delicate and if I use the dryer set it to AIR DRY. Nothing I have made yet has shrunk or twisted out of shape...."
This is one of 10 that I purchased for my mother-in-law. She is an avid crocheter.  She likes this brand because of its durability and how well it washes.
"This yarn is a great color, but the quality isn't great. It's a little thick and course which makes it hard to work with. I didn't expect much better for the price."
Great for classroom arts and crafts.
"The classic Red Heart SS Yarn. It's not cashmere yarn, but it works wonderfully for blankets and hats."
It was not quite what I was looking for
Just what I needed to finish project!
beautiful
"This yarn is very affordable and washes great! They have improved the softness also. This used to be very scratchy and stiff, it's now much softer and nicer. After a single wash it's almost as soft as baby yarn. I use this yarn for afghans mostly but it also makes nice hats and scarfs. There are lots of colors so it's easy to make multi colored projects look just how you want them to and there's no risk of color run or fading. I do throw 1/2 cup of vinegar in all of my wash to make the clothes softer, that trick works great on this yarn also."
always a good base color
Just what I ordered.  True to color.
Deals and untouched sold
Love it so easy to handle. And received in good manners. Thank you
Fine yarn
I've always used Red Heart.
Always great yarn!  I've trusted Red Heart yarn for over 40 years.
Great slippers turned out good
Great.
The yarn was a little loose but it still got the job done
Ont ral soft
Great product for the money will buy it again
"I made a beautiful blanket for my cousin with this yarn, She is a country bumpkin and loves pink camo. This was washable and held up after. She loved it and was impressed with the quality of the yarn. After wash it was a lot softer."
"Dependable, nice yarn."
Good ol yarn.
love it
love it
love it and great price
"Not as good a quality as some of the other Red Heart yarn, I have bought."
"I bought this specifically for making pom poms and it works wonderfully for this purpose. My sister gave me a a set of three pom poms for juggling practice, she's a teacher and also uses them for different games and activities with her young students. I thought they were so fun and cute! Once she told me they're super easy to make I had to try making my own. This yarn is soft and easy to work with, I highly recommend it. Great if you're looking for a fun, simple and easy craft project. I'll definitely be back for more colors!"
received my order and was very pleased
"Red Heart yarn is a good value but it isn't as soft as some other brands such as&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Vanna-s-Choice-Yarn/dp/B003D7IOHS/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Vanna's Choice Yarn</a>.  I still like this yarn but found it a bit scratchy after working with the softer Vanna's Choice on other projects. One thing I have noticed with Red Heart yarn is that the darker more saturated the color, the stiffer the yarn is.  However, it does soften after being washed.  The color is rich, deep, and consistent throughout the skein.  I used 3 skeins in the small burgundy lap blanket I made and 5 skeins of lavender in the bunny shawl and there was no difference in color from one to the next.  You can't tell where one ended and I picked up the next.  Working with this yarn was nice as it didn't split and its thickness did not vary.  As it is acrylic it machine washes and dries (over and over again) like a dream."
delivered and as expected
Arrived in excellent condition
Excellent yarn at a very good price!
Very Vibrant colors! Good quality
Soft enough for things like scarves and whatnot but I wouldn't use for something like a baby blanket. I mostly use this yarn to make yarn wreaths and scarves. I also let my little daughter use it for making crafts. Price is about the same as my local craft store.
What can you say about red heart yarn. It's yarn and if it's yarn I love it. The only thing I didn't love was that it wasn't exactly the color I thought I was getting. But I can still use it.
Good Product!
"This is a very nice yarn to work with and the color is great - good match for other blues I had.  However, it is a bit pricey!"
good this product has been used this to make something for some one
Lovely yarn to work with
Ok
nice
It's good to know that I can get the red heart yarn for a reasonable price on line.
"Yarn is good quality, but from the photo I thought the platoon is white, grey, and black. Instead the coloring was in the beige and brown family."
Exactly what i ordered. Very pleased.
"Color is beautiful, in my opinion. It arrived quickly and was well protected during its travels..."
Nice white color.  Works well mending my puppies' sweaters.
"Good quality, not any different than what you would buy in the store"
love it. great service
I could not find this yarn color in stores... So thank you Im very pleased....
The color is vibrant and the yarn is durable.
Was very pleased with the quailty and the timely delivery
Nice color
Great
"Great value, and lovely color.  It is a little scratchy though, but to be expected at this weight of yarn"
Great product!
"The colors are really great be it odd, I am making an infinity scarf and it is perfect"
Love this color!  Was looking for it in the stores and couldn't find. Should have know to check Amazon first. Needed for my nieces birthday gift. The infinity scarf I made with this yarn came out great! She loved it!!
meow meow meow.
Great!
"made a gorgeous baby blanket,, with blues, yellows, granny squares & corner designs, all pulled together with this yarn to create a fantastic, one of a kind gift."
High grade quality
love it
Great yarn to use for blankets.
This yarn is perfect for yarn dreds!
Love the yarn- I do not inderstand the price difference. This order price $7.27 and in September the identically same item and item number was $2.88. Why?
great color and iy was bigger than i thought it would be
Awesome deal
"Red Heart is a popular brand for a reason. Whenever I need yarn for a new project I turn to Red Heart. Rich colors that never fade, great price. The yarn might be a little rough at first but I find that once the finished project has been washed and dried it's much softer."
This is bright and sunny.  I used it with the tie-died fleece sold on amazon.  It's a good match.
This stuff is lots of fun.  I used it with the tie-died fleece Amazon sells.  It's a good match.
I just received my yarn yesterday. Thank you.
"Yarn was great, and even same dye lot!!!"
maded up real pretty
gift for friend so she could finish crocheting a blanket
was a gift friend loved it
This yarn is a rich color and works up really well
The color of this yarn is perfect for my needs
Bought for my sis and she loved it!
Yarn
Great product
"Received quickly. Being one on a budget, I use Red Heart yarn a LOT. I'm very happy with this order! I order 7 skeins of this color. Each one was packaged in plastic. While that may not be environmentally friendly, I'm happy about that. So far, the 2 I have opened are so super soft!"
"Bought this to decorate for my sons street art dance hoping for more glow. However there was not a lot of  glowing coming off this yarn. Did look neat latticed across the ceiling but white would have done the job just as well. Two stars for being a great product, strong, well packaged just not much 'glow'."
I cannot use this yarn. It started to shred as soon as I tried to cast off.
"Great yarn. Soft and vibrant. Only wish the Red Heart yarn wasn't mostly an ""add-on"" product."
"Love the color green, and the different shades of green are great."
Wonderful.
Has a terrible feel
"This Yarn was true to the picture.  I Love the Colors in it..  I haven't used it yet, but had to get it.."
Did the job!
girlfriend love the yawn
Price was fantastic compared to yarn stores. Finished a wonderful afghan for my grandson. Plan on ordering a lot more. Need to make six more for the other grandkids! Do you have wrist supports!!
"Nice blend of colors. I am using for gift wrapping/making pom poms and not for knitting so I don't have any knowledge of needle sizes, etc.  It works well for what I want and was very reasonably priced for the length of yarn 236 yds."
It was a perfect transaction and I would buy again......Thank You !
okay....
This color is hard to find too!
"The color is rich and very fall-y.  I balled the skein, not ONE catch.  Very nice and compliments afghan perfectly!!"
"Wonderful Yarn!  Perfect, Five Stars... I will be purchasing from you again! Thank You"
Perfect for what I wanted it for.
Quality product and timely shipping. Mom has used hundreds of skeins to knit and crochet.  She says red heart yarn is the best.  She has used it for over fifty years. Buy with confidence.
Great yarn and easy to use.
Great yarn
"Vibrant color, nice quality yarn.  My daughter is making a multi-color blanket, and she's very happy with this yarn.  I just love how bright it is."
Product came as expected.
Making a camo blanket for my granddaughter for Christmas
Beautiful color
Exact match
always works well for me when knitting or crocheting.
great yarn
Wonderful yarn. Easy to use. Beautiful
I love red heart yarn !! the color was exactly what I needed for my project.
Excellent Product and shipped fast.
This yarn is soft and muted shades of green.  It will work perfectly with my current projects.
"This is a great yarn soft and muted shades of blue.  It wasn't quite what I expected color wise since it was more of a heather shade than I expected. Nevertheless it will work well with the projects I am working on, just in another way."
Excellent
"I use red heart all the time to make just about anything. I have never had anyone that recurved a baby blanket made out of red heart complain about the feel. I will sometimes soak my finished product in fabric softener overnight then wash and dry before selling the items. This will soften up the item real nice.
To soften overnight with fabric softener use one cap full of softener to one bucket of water, mix well, dunk the item in and out of the bucket turning as you go to make sure it is fully coated. If you happen to get up in the middle of the night do another sinking rotation. The next day just wash and dry as normal."
Best yarn out there.
excellent quality!!!
I liked this brand
pretty
This is a great yarn it's soft and easy to work with and affordable.
Love it
more varigated colors are great
Great for crocheting shawls
"This is pretty nice yarn, for the price.  The colors are nice. I'm using it for a blanket for my grandson."
"What can I say about yarn?  Mostly it is a personal preference and I use several brands and weights depending on my project.  Red Heart Super Saver is a little stiff to work with, but great end results!  Very durable, easy care yarn!  Super for items that get a lot of use like afghans!"
Thank you
"Super Saver is good for slippers, throws, pillow covers and the like. It softens up pretty well when laundered in warm water with a little detergent, quite a bit of fabric softener and dried on low heat. I would advise not to launder with any items, especially anything that may produce lint as fabric made of this yarn will ""pill"" badly."
"easy to work with, works up well."
The resulting afghan is beautiful.
I love Red Heart Yarn.  This is a nice soft blue color that I used to make my son some things with.
basic economy yarn
I like it
"While it may seem slightly rough to the touch it does get better with time. My favorite way to soften it is to wash with a good fabric softener then dry with dryer sheets. It's very durable for heavily used or frequently washed items. I had a blanket given to me made from my grandmother, using this yarn, and even though it's very old it still looks amazing. I really love how the colors are always consistent because the do not have dye lots!"
nice
bought it for my mom.  Hard to give yarn a bad review right?
I am a red heart loyalist! I particularly love RHSS as it is a good dependable yarn particularly when it comes to finished products that may be put through some paces.
The yarn will be enjoyed.  Getting everything to me on time was great thanks no probkem
These pictures do not give the true brightness and almost neon color the deserve. It is a very pretty yarn and works well for crocheting. I will say that I bought mine from Wal-Mart for $2.88 for a skein. I am happy with this yarn and am excited to make the hat and give as a gift.
"The color is ""glow green"" but it doesn't glow in the dark!"
Great price in bulk
matched what I already had
Same great quality
I like it!
Great product.
"I love this light weight yarn and versitle color, , mixing this with shades of gold or blue, making sweaters for World Vision."
"Excellent price, very colorful and bright and just what I needed. A good bang for the buck. Item received as advertised. The color exceeded expectations because when I saw it in actuality, I couldn't believe how vivid the color schemes were. Excellent product."
thanks
Great Color and easy to crochet with. Customers love it wish my washcloth collections
Excellent tem and service
Great!! Made a beautiful sweater for my dog!! Works up well!!
This yarn is really economic and big but this yarn isn't soft it is really hard.
wrong color
Nice yarn after it's washed. Great for hats and scarves. Camo is always scratchy until you wash it for some reason.
Not glow in the dark
"Always dependable & prompt on pkg/shp, super excellent quality of yarn. Highly recommended seller."
Thinner than other RHSS yarns I have used in the past but the colorway worked up beautifully.
My mother was in need of another skein of this brand and color of yarn to finish an afghan that she had started but miscalculated amount needed. She couldn't find it anywhere but Amazon came through with the product!
great
good price and came in reasonable time
Exelant product
Pretty color. Wonderful quality
This was perfect for a faux 'laser light course' I needed for a function.
It worked for my project. Not the softest but not the roughest. I wouldn't use it for a baby blanket or anything you'd want to be soft and cuddly.
just so pretty !
texture not as nice as solid colors
very nice yarn
great quality and beautiful color!
nice
Love Red Heart yarn
This yarn was crap. Frays super easy. I let my daughter use it for practicing her stitches as it was useless to me.
excellent quality
Made afghan for a friend---worked up just fine
"I ordered orange, but received coral."
This was just what I was looking for.  It worked in the item I was knitting and I was able to use it to repair a patio chair.
Great buy
"The yarn arrived on,time and the cost we're true to the pictures. I can't  wait to start my new project"
"great yarn good for any project. Red Heart is one of my ""go to"" brands."
Matched what I already had here to complete a project!
"decided to do some stash busting this week, made a few hammocks and a house for my rats, since they don't seem to like chewing on acrilyc yarn ( last non redhart hammock they had lasted 3 hours before they shredded it) so far every color except shocking pink has been perfect and up to red heart standards, shocking pink how ever is very loose, it likes to split at the slightest provocation

i made some simple stripey Crochet hammocks
- 1 in Spring Green, Real Teal, lined with Amethyst
- 2 in Shocking Pink, Pumpkin, lined with cherry red
- 1 in Blue Suede, Country Blue, and i don't know, not entirely done with it, maybe Coffee or something?

and the house was Spring green, Real Teal, Amethyst

the rest of this review is just a list of some projects i am working on with this yarn

 i have a Knit rat nest that's been taking up my 4mm knitting needles for ever but i love it ( pumpkin, bright yellow, spring green, and some rando homespun yarn with all those colors in it

 i'm crocheting  a circular base out of Caffe Latte for a cat bed, going to knit up the sides with some Tea Leaf, bend them down on themselves, sew them up, stuff them, to make a soft ridge around it

and i'm crocheting a blanket for my dog, log cabin-ish style with every color i have"
We are using this yarn for a charity project. I was so happy that each skein was wrapped in plastic.  Thank you.  It was easier to distribute to the people who are working on this project.
The colors are great but the weave is not the best it is very loose and hard to work with.
Going to make winter hats out of this.
"I love the look of this yarn and it's easy to work with, though a little rough. However, 3 of the 6 I bought were horribly tangled and took me hours to un-knot."
I was thinking it was glow in the dark yarn. Very good quality though.
My daughter loves this color and I love this color as well as red heart products.
I love it!  It's beautiful.
Soft and easy to use yarn. color is rich.
"This is a great color scheme.  I might not have called this ""Camo"", but perhaps ""Neopolitan"".  The colors are brown, white and pink, just like the ice cream.  The brown is not harsh, and the pink is not loud."
good yarn!
It was the color I needed to finish an afghan. Fast delivery.
Just what I wanted.
As described. Excellent color!  Fast shipping!
"MY 93 YEAR  OLD SISTER WAS VISITING ME FROM TAHLEQUAH, OKLA-- HER HOBBY IS MAKING LAP BLANKETS FOR PEOPLE IN THE NURSING HOMES-- I HAD  PURCHASED A QUANITY OF YARN AT MY CHURCH RUMMAGE SALE WHICH INCLUDED  THE ABOVE COLORS-- NOT ENOUGH TO FINISH THE TWO  BLANKETS SHE HAD STARTED--  I TOLD HER I  WOULD LOOK ON AMAZON PRIME FOR THIS YARN AND SURE ENOUGH I FOUND IT FOR HER--  IN TWO DAYS  THE PACKAGE WAS SITTING ON MY FRONT PORCH-- WE BOTH LOVE THE RED HEART YARN-- IT IS THE BEST-- I HAD TO GIVE UP  CROCHETING DUE TO MACULAR DEGENERATION  BUT MY SISTER  HAS THAT CROCHET HOOK IN HER HANDS EACH DAY. YES, WE ARE GREATLY SATISFIED  ABOUT THE YARN AND ALSO AMAZON."
"I love it, received just what I wanted.  I highly recommend the Red Heart yarn!!"
"Great for crocheting and knitting! Found a couple knots in it, though."
Love this yarn.  It has all six rainbow colors in the right order and makes the neatest border on the baby blankets I make.  I hope they never stop making it!
I really love this yarn. The color is great.
I received this yarn yesterday and I'm  delighted with the color!! It's much brighter than I expected it to be.
"Nice blend of pinks and purples.  The yarn tends to fray a bit at the end which I wasn't thrilled about but as long as you leave a longer tail when you cast on shouldn't be a problem.  Using this for a toddler blanket, like that its one the softer side and machine washable.  The price point was good and it arrived quickly and in a sealed bag so that it didn't snag on the other items in the order."
Great to work with
"Item: Red Heart E300.4313 Super Saver Economy Yarn, Aran Fleck
I used this yarn to crochet an infinity scarf, and to be honest it barely made one loop. The yarn also kept getting tangled for some reason and some of it came apart. The little specks on the yarn that gave it the oatmeal texture easily fell out. I was really careful with the yarn and the scarf turned out alright. I won't purchase this yarn from this user again because I saw it for cheaper at Michaels."
This is a beautiful blended yarn and worked out wonderfully for my arts and crafts. Just as described. I would purchased more in the future.
very beautiful colors!
"Beautiful I crochet ornaments for Christmas, The snow flakes will be dazzling"
I love red heart yarn
Ordered for my mom and had it sent there.  She seemed happy.
"tks, ro"
Love this color.
"Love this color, great yarn."
I bought it for my sister to put yarn braids and it come out lovely. It was very soft and bigger than expected. I loved it!
"I really like this vareigated yarn called Woodsy! I'm making a ripple afghan for my nephew. I've added a few rows of Red Heart Buff yarn to compliment it. If you think the yarn is rough feeling, all you have to do is wash it with some fabric softener, and dry it in the dryer to break down the acrylic fibers. It then turns out very soft! He will be pleased with it."
A bit more orange than coral but I love ALL yarn.
I love Red Heart yarn!!
Love red heart!
"great yarn, great color, great price and prompt delivery"
"good yarn, good color and good price with prompt delivery"
Works up well. Very even.
There is no dye lot so you can order as you need it. I like crocheting blankets and order 15 at a time. The color is neutral and fits any decor.
I bought this as an add on purchase so the price was pretty good. The color was a perfect match to my other yarn.
"excellent, thank you!!!"
I LOVE Redheart yarn. It is so wonderful to order large quantities for a fair price!
Love Redheart yarn.
Good quality yarn. Washes well also.
Color too bright. Much brighter than advertised. Makes a good companion to to the advertised pumpkin color yarn. That is if you like screaming colors.
"I love this yarn , the color combo make the pink pop.  I plan on buying more in the future:)"
Excellent value. Pleasing texture.
love it
Red Heart yarn is the only yarn I use
Making an afghan and needed one more ball of this color.
"Gorgeous color!! This is a soft blue shade. I crocheted overalls for my Minions & it looks like their little denim overalls. The yarn is very soft & easy to work with. None of my local stores carry it for some reason & the price on Amazon is the same, so it's a good buy."
I am happy with the yarn and the price.
The sellers price is nearly double the suggested retail price. I believed this was a Super Size skein but it was only a regular 7 oz skein. I wouldn't pay this price again for cheap acrylic yarn.
Good value.
"While  I like the colour of this yarn, it is not 364yds long  as indicatedbut rather 236yds!  I had to change my planned crochet project because I didn't have enough yarn. This is not fair to the  buyer"
Awesome Seahawks green color
Always a good quality yarn.
Yarn came with some fraying but it wan't too difficult to conceal in the project I was working on. Fun color but I doubt I'll purchase it again.
soft and easy to work with. I was able to make several smaller pieces out of this skine.
"great yarn, however not 364 yards as in description (I bought the camo)  but is 236 yards."
Fun color. It's a little brighter than the photo but not a big deal. I appreciated that it came wrapped in plastic so it wouldn't get dirty.
"nice product, exactly as described"
"A customer of mine ordered some custom made items with these colors.  Normally, I wouldn't have chosen this yarn but it is so pretty!"
Springy and light.  Just a pretty color combination.
My new favorite variegated yarn!  I have made many different crochet things with it.
Great yarn
Real great yarn. I'm putting a royal blue yarn with it and making scarves.
I love red heart yarn.
red heart yarn is good quality easy to use yarn.
great yarn lovely color
Great deal arrived on time
Love the color. The quality of red heart is always good.
 Beautiful
"Good utility yarn for blankets and afghans, and anything that will be machine washed and dried a lot. This was a good match for the older skeins of RH baby prints I had that still used dye lots. Works up at the specified gauge, and while not the silkiest to knit with, it is reputed to soften up nicely when washed and dried."
Just what I needed to finish an afghan so happy that it was still avable.
Ok product.
Beautiful bright yellow color. This yarn works up wonderfully and blocks nicely when washed.
"I have been using Red Heart wool for years and years.  I make blankets for Project Linus, and beanies and scarves for those who really need it and sometimes gifts for my friends.  Its easy to work with, awesome choice of colors so that I can get creative and it washes really well.  Love it"
the cookbook is sensational.  The solar light for our flagpole is beautiful at night.  The yarn made a very colorful purse and have requests to make more.  Very pleased with everything I purchsed.
"The yarn is as expected.  However I was unsure why the gray yarn (which is the same as all the other super saver yarns) cost
about $3.00 more per skein than any of the other colors.."
nice color good for knitting a neutral colored throw
Spring green : warning...the actual colour is a lot duller than it looks on the screen
"Nice yarn for needlepoint and other crafts.  Not soft enough for scarves, hats, etc."
Great product
fine item
"I love this yarn. The color is great, truly better than I had expected. I would have loved to give it a 5 star review, but one of the skeins has been cut in multiple places. Now I just have to figure out how to piece it all together."
Great yarn
I used it to crochet part of a blanket and a hat and they turned out great!  Easy to use and produces a nice looking product.  Will definitely buy again.
I used it to crochet hats and scarves and they turned out great!  It's pretty soft in texture.  Will definitely buy again.
I have not started my project with this yarn yet. The colors are as shown. I've used red heart yarn for many years.
Just what I needed
Great yarn for making blankets.
Good quality
Good economic yarn for crocheted baby items.
A good all-purpose weight for both home and wearable projects.  Handles nicely and provides warmth without extreme weight.  LOVE the colorway.
"Lovely 'hand' to the yarn, works up well without splitting and snagging.  Versatile for use on afghans, pillows, and home projects as well as wearables.  Nice weight, too.  The colors make a lovely neutral ground for blue-lovers."
Loved the color of this yarn
nice
Always dependable.
This color was needed to finish crocheting an afghan in my nephew's college colors for a high school graduation present for him..  I love Red Heart yarn and have used it for many years for 99% of my projects.  I will order again if needed.
"I am just learning to crochet and selected this yarn because it had great reviews, the skein was large and the price was low. The color is as vibrant and wonderful as the picture would lead you to believe, and the skein really is huge given the low price. I figured this would be a great yarn to learn and practice on. However, I think this product is for those who have a lot more experience working with yarn than I do. The yarn kept splitting apart. Very often my hook would go through the yarn itself, instead of through the stitch, causing catches and knots in my work. I found this very frustrating and it slowed me down a lot. Finally I gave up and passed this yarn on to a friend who is a lot more experienced than I am. The yarn is beautiful, but a nightmare for beginners like me. (Plus, it's on the scratchy side; it squeaked pretty loudly against the needles.) I recommend Lion's Brand yarns instead. They are somewhat pricier (and the skeins are usually much smaller), but I found that yarn to be much easier to work with.

P.s. - If you go to a specialty site dedicated to yarn crafts, like Love Knitting, Red Heart is pretty low down on the list of ""most loved"" worsted weight yarns. Not a good sign."
ABSOLUTELY GREAT
"Great yarn for large projects! this is not the kind of yard you want to use for soft projects (like a baby blanket or a cozy sweater)  but i think it's suitable for large bedspreads/blankets like the one i made using this yard (see picture). I found it very easy to  work with and i'm not exactly what you would call an expert in crocheting. The bedspread shown is the most intricate project i've done so far, took 2 months to complete.

TIP: if you think the yarn is too rough or scratchy after you have finished your project, soak it in cold water, fabric softener and cheap hair conditioner (any brand will do)  and it will be a bit softer after rinsing it! i did this with my bedspread."
"This yarn was beautiful in color but the quality was horrible....so bad I'm thinking of writing to red heart.  It separated into separate strands almost through the entire skein, and I used 9 skeins out of the 10 I bought.  I would not buy this again...which is too bad because the color was really pretty!"
Beautidul color!
Always happy with projects made using  Red Heart yarn. It is so easy to work with and looks great.
"Haven't had a chance to use it yet, but I have used Red Heart before and it has always done well for me.  This particular skein had a beautiful tone to the color.  It looked great in the picture on the web, but looked even better when I saw it.  This was my first time ordering yarn.  I was a bit nervous about not being there to feel it and actually see the color.  This particular was crucial to my pattern. It needed to accent other colors in the piece.  I was worried it would be too dull or too bright, but it is gorgeous, feels good to the touch, and accents my other colors perfectly."
I just bought this as colored string.  It works fine for that purpose.
"Thin, not soft"
"Not very soft.  This product is used to make scarves and hats for the homeless.  I had to soak the final project in fabric softener to make it wearable.  Also, strands are very thin, had to use two strands for the project, but that is OK with me."
"lovely color. had made a knitting needle case. currently making a ten-stitch- sweater
one minus star for it knots easily."
love it.....was perfect for my project....
Terrific! 
Great deal and free shipping on 35.00.
Super fast shipping perfect Clean product
Lovely color.  You can't go wrong with this yarn.
"A little thin than worsted weight, the pattern of the yarn makes great patterns once is knitted. Good quliaty yarn and soft for my baby to use the finished product."
Really like this yarn.
I love super saver yarns^_^
Love
"My customers really like the hats I make from this yarn. But beware, Red Heart Super Saver yarn is quite rough to the touch so it is not for babies or those with sensitive skin. It is however the best price for the most yarn on the market"
"My customers really like the hats I make from this yarn. Beware, Red Heart Super Saver yarn is quite rough so it is not for babies or those with sensitive skin. But it is the most yarn for the least price on the market."
Very happy
"The heavier textured yarn I talked about above. I love it. Takes the abuse a beginner like me can give it, using it over and over again."
"Good stuff. First time to use this yarn Beginning crocheter. Thin texture, but good. Finding out the hard way that it may be a challenge to use with heavier textures. Since I am a beginner, it may just take practice..."
"Red Heart Super Saver is great for amigurumi (toys) and afghans. Personally I prefer wool for wearable items, but I have used RHSS to make things for people that were allergic to wool on occasion. RHSS is my go-to yarn for acrylic. Amazon sells it at the same price as my local stores; so, considering gas, it saves me money to buy it using prime shipping.  Amazon also has a much better color selection.

Some things to keep in mind:

Yarn that is made at different times, will be slightly different colors. That's just the nature of yarn. To avoid having a visible place where you joined a new skein, you can alternate skeins when you join a new one - do a few rows with the first skein, then a few rows with the second, for awhile.

All monitors are different, so there's no way to show you a 100% accurate picture of the colors of yarn. Amazon's colors are quite accurate on my screen, though.

This is a worsted weight yarn, but it's on the thicker side of worsted weight, more like aran weight. This is what makes it great for amigurumi, in my opinion, since those need to be dense. But if you're making something that needs to be a specific size, check your gauge first. Some colors of RHSS are thinner than others, so again, check your gauge.

If it's splitting a lot, you may be pulling the yarn in the wrong direction. RHSS is wound to be pulled from the center. On the label, it has an ""A"" and a ""B"" with arrows. On the side labeled ""A"", make sure the outside strand of the yarn is out of the skein. Sometimes it's worked its way out before the yarn gets to you, but you may have to pull it out. On the side labeled ""B"", you need to find the other end of the yarn that's in the center of the skein. Pull that out, and knit/crochet from that side. If you did that and it's still splitting a lot, it's possible the label came off somewhere along the way and was put back on upside-down - try putting the center strand back in the middle, and pulling it out through the other end.

The multi colored skeins are smaller (in amount of yarn) than the solid colored skeins.

RHSS is a bit course/stiff at first, but it softens up nicely after a wash.

If you keep these things in mind, you'll have a great experience with Red Heart Super Saver!"
No problems
Great colot
"I am using this to make a Tunisian style throw.  The colors are really fabulous.  I know the quality of the yarn isn't the greatest as I have used this yarn for another blanket which pills a lot with washing.  Other than showing wear from washing though, the yarn is very warm and easy to work with.  Considering the price, it is still a good buy and like I said, the colors are really great!"
Just what I wanted
This has to be one of my favorite color combinations I've worked with this year.  As I was making the scarf I knew that I had to give it to my good friend as the colors were her colors.  The first words out of her mouth were just that.  You know me so well these are my colors.
"It's good quality I guess, but it wasn't soft enough for my taste. Also if you plan on using this for a brushed yarn project, I recommend Red Heart Soft Baby stuff instead."
Fast and easy. Thanks
Loved this product & will definitely order again
Excellent  color
Red Heart yarn is very affordable and works very well for making afghans and throws!
I have crocheted many Afghans using this brand of yarn. It is my favorite brand. Afghans look great after they have been washed year after year and yarn is easy to work with. Good price.
Great yarn for my C2C
A little stiff but still good.
"After using different expensive and inexpensive yarns, this brand seems to be the best. It is not so rough, yet very durable and they make every color you can think of. I think this has become my new go to yarn. This is especially great for first time crocheters and knitters. The color is so nice!"
"Growing up in the 80's, I learned to crochet with Red Heart yarn. We didn't have access to all the luxury yarns available today. As an adult, once I picked up knitting and crocheting again, I dismissed acrylic yarns as somehow inferior to all those expensive luxury yarns. (I wasn't quite a yarn snob, but I didn't like the feel of acrylic while working with it.) But I've since used Red Heart to make several afghans and throws, and I have to say I've totally changed my mind. I now recognize it for the value it really is: it's inexpensive, widely available, and virtually indestructible. (I still have and use an afghan my mom made me with RHSS about thirty years ago.) I also think the yarn has a lot of body and a decent twist. And by far, its best characteristic has to be its easy washability. I love that I can toss this in a washer and dryer and not fret about it. In a house with pets and/or children, that's an absolute must for me. I've thrown exclusivity out the window in favor of function and practicality. I like knowing that when I gift a handmade blanket to a loved one that it's going to hold up and not accidentally be felted or destroyed in some way!

My favorite way to buy this yarn is to use 40% off coupons at Michaels. Because there are no dye lots, I just run in whenever I need a new skein. I love not having to worry about stocking up on all of my supplies at the beginning of the project or worrying I'll run out of yarn. And with the coupons, an already inexpensive blanket ends up being dirt cheap. Being on a tight budget, this makes me really happy; it means I get to make more projects than I would be able to make otherwise.

Currently I'm using hunter green and aran for the double-knit throw I'm making my husband for Christmas. I'm only a few rows in, but the afghan is looking beautiful so far! The hunter green is rich and deeply saturated, and the colors look beautiful together. Some of the SS colors can be somewhat drab, but some of them really pop. The pic above doesn't do the color justice; I find that the photos on the RH website more accurately reflect the true colors of the yarn. Edit: I have since finished the afghan and uploaded a photo of it. Sorry the lighting isn't that great, but the stitch definition still shows through nicely.

As for working with it: okay, so it's not cuddly soft like 100% merino, but I've noticed in the last few years that RHSS has become softer. Some colors feel softer than others. After a washing (or a few), the yarn does soften and even ""fluffs"" up a little bit. The only drawback I've noticed is on particularly humid days in the summer or before a thunderstorm, the yarn gets really squeaky on my needles or hook, and I have a hard time working with it. But other than that, it really doesn't deserve the bad reputation that it has among the knitters of today."
"I used this to make squares for a mine creeper blanket.  I liked the multi-tone effect.  Much easier than making many different blocks with many different colors.  It works up fairly nice but is slightly thinner than the super saver black, which is why it only gets four stars."
"as described, always worth every penny!  LOVE RH"
it had black ashes on my white yarn no  one wants dirty yarn
Love this yarn!  I have not used it yet but I will be very soon.  I can't wait.  The color changes very fast so it is going to work fabulous for my crochet.
"the project for which this item was purchased was put off until this weekend. I have just discovered that it has a really strange texture as though it was exposed to really high heat. the project it is being used for is not negatively affected, and it is still a bummer to discover that this yarn is crispy and strangely textured. It would not have worked for a project that put the  yarn near face or skin. :( Hopefully these two skeins are the only two like them. I am unable to go to this item to check because it is sold out."
Great Price for a GREAT product!!!
The yarn was ok but the color was more beige than off white as pictured.  I ended up ordering a different color.  my spouse doesn't wear brown so he wouldn't wear the sweater I was making him.
Awesome price!  Thank you Amazon!
I have used this band of yarn for several years and it has always worked out very well.  I will continue to order from Amazon.
"Love this yarn! It
Red heart is the yarn I crochet with the most!"
Perfect for the project my sister was trying to complete.  Quick turnaround.
Just what I needed to complete an afghan.
As expected and on time
"Nice yarn, great for blankets. Beautiful color."
Great colors!
This wool might work well for crochet but for knitting the wool comes off as threads.
Just as pictured
Just as expected. Easy to work with. Color true.
Nice
"Love this yarn and color, perfect for a little boy baby blanket."
Beautiful
"Very economical, it is warm, without the feel of wool."
good yarn thank you
I have been looking everywhere for this color. Shipping was very fast. I am very grateful and satisfied!
"So, it's been a while since I picked up a crochet hook and did anything.  On a recent weekend out of town, I ended up at Michael's and thought how great it would be to start again .. it's only been 25 years, what could go wrong?  Well, it turns out that three skeins of yarn do not an afghan make (how that afghan is looking right now based on my memory of crochet lessons 25 years ago is a different and slightly embarrassing story).  Fortunately, I found the same yarn on Amazon and at a lower price.

The yarn itself isn't for making sweaters, hats, baby clothes, or anything else where you want that pillow soft feel.  But for a blanket to add to your bed for warmth it's just fine.  The colors flow into each other better than I'd expected and it's pretty.  It's exactly what I needed for my first project.  My next project I may feel confident enough to upgrade the yarn a bit .. but that's way, way down the road right now."
GREAT  COLORING
Great yarn
The perfect amount of yarn and the green is vibrant and true to what's pictures.
Does not scratch like some Red Heart Yarns. Perfect color for a shawl made for a man.
Love the color
Love this color
I can't even fabricate a less than desirable review. EXCELLENT ratings in all categories!
Great color.
Will be good for the blanket I am going to make !!
Got so many different dye lots that it will have to go into different items.
It will be nice in a blanket or scarves with the rich color blends & dye lots all matching.
"Colors are great. The big problem is the marrakesh color is advertised at 364 yards but is actually 236 yards according to the skein sleeve. False advertising? I do know that  no 2 skeins of red heart are the same length no matter how they are marked. But 128 yards falsely advertised is ridiculous. I bought 4 skeins so I got shorted 512 yards or about 2 1/2 skeins. Received 20 more skeins today, 4/20. All were advertised as 364 yards per skein but in actuality were 236 yards. In other words I was fraudulently shorted over 2500 yards more with this order. The total shortage for all ordets received so far is just over 3000 yards."
"Great quality, true to colour stated. I'm new at crocheting and I do think it will be great for beginners and those more advanced at crochet. Shipped really fast as well! Will definitely buy this brand again. Also, much cheaper than in-store prices!"
Red Heart is an excellent brand ... have always used it.
"it was perfect, have been looking for that particular color for a while"
"This is a very bright neon color of green.  The picture doesn't quite show how neon it is but if you are looking for a bright green, this is about the brightest one that I have seen.  It is a great yarn to use to make a hat for a little one if you are heading somewhere where you want to see your child at a glance.  Anything made from this color is sure to catch your attention.

Red Heart yarn is a worsted weight (4) which makes it easy to do a lot of different projects with it. It is not nearly as soft as Red Heart Soft Yarn but when I want a really durable yarn (like toys for children, Christmas stockings, etc.), I reach for this style of yarn. I've used it for years and the quality is high for the dollars paid."
"Red Heart yarn, always the best!  Beautiful vibrant colors!  Can't wait to start making my afghan!  Perfect for knitting or to crochet!"
The color is much nicer than it appears in picture.mworks up beautifully.
really colorful.  fun yarn!!
"As a brand new knitter, I love this yarn. It's soft, thick, easy to see. Maybe it's because I'm new, but I think it's the yarn itself that's causing this one issue I have. When I go to make the stitch, I'll accidentally poke my needle through the yarn but only a little. Enough to make the stitch too tight if I don't fix it. I think it's because of all the things I love: soft, big, fluffy yarn. Either way, the color is beautiful (I got the coral color), vibrant, and the only problem is easy enough to fix and might be my fault anyway. Would definitely purchase again."
Love this yarn too.  I use it for the middle and end of my throws and blankets now
splits hard to use on my knitting loom
beautiful colors
"great yarn, fast delievery,"
Love this yarn.
"Nice.  The only problem I have with these wools is that the different colors of this brand have different textures.  Also, this color is a screaming safety orange, not the nice golden orange pictured."
great price
good
"Pro's:
The best things about Red Heart Super Saver Yarn are that it's do dye lot status, it's pricing is reasonable, it's sold in a million locations and it's quality gives it a strength that leaves you worry free when you sell items made with it or give items away as gifts.

Having the status of No Dye Lot, really saves me when I'm making projects.  Just today, I ran out of a color and went to check my stash and happened to have a ball I'd purchased a few month ago.  No Dye Lot meant that I didn't have to think twice about if the color would match my current project!

As a stay at home mom, price is always something I take into consideration when making crocheted items with any brand of yarn.  With a $2.00-$3.00 price range in most retail stores, I do look for skeins when they are on sale, but even if I have to pay top dollar I know I'm not wasting the extra money on something that I won't like.  Yes, I do like to splurge a little on yarn, but most times I'm making blankets and hats and scarves that will get a lot of wear and tear and I don't have to charge a million dollars for each item if I've only paid a few dollars for my materials.

The availability of Red Heart Yarns is amazing.  From my experience, if I walk into a store that sells yarn then they have Red Heart Super Saver Yarn.  It makes my life so much easier!  I can't say that I have a 100% grade for finding the colors I need since they are so popular with crafters, but usually it only takes two stops for me to find what I need!

Why do I really use Red Heart Yarn?  Simply put, the quailty of the yarn is amazing.  I've only been crocheting since 2009, but there are items that I made when I first started crocheting that are still in excellent condition.  My favorite is my daughter's afghan.  She's had it since birth and has gotten numerous ""things"" on it, but they have washed out easily without destroying the yarn in the process.

Con's:
I can only find one Con to say about Red Heart Super Saver Yarn:  Some of the skeins seem to be ""scratcthy"" and some seem to be ""smooth"".  I'm not sure if I've just missed the memo as to which are softer than others, but there is definitely a difference between some colors and others.  The good thing though to fix this is that most regular fabric softeners can soften the yarn, but if fabric softeners aren't used, you can definitely tell the difference.

Final Thoughts:
All in all I give Red Heart Super Saver Yarn an A+++.  If someone is a new crocheter or knitter I would highly advise trying this yarn because of the Pro's I've brought up...and if you're a more experienced artist, do pass up a chance to use a great yarn!"
"The yarn is nice and tight, but rather scratchy, even compared to the other super saver acrylic yarn I bought. Also significantly duller than the purple in the picture. Not bad, but I probably won't buy this color again."
Loved it! I made a hat for my daughter and the yarn was perfect.
Got two different dye lots.
Great Thanks
I love this yarn! I've made three clutch hand bags and five scarves.
Great price and beautiful color
great yarn for crafts.
"The yarn quality is as expected,however, the color was so far off from my previously purchased lavender yarn that it is unusable for my project.  Will have to save it for a future project."
Nice yarn.  Not quite the color posted but I like the color I got a lot better.  A lot of particles come out of the yarn while I am working with it.
Perfect condition
"excellent Red Heart yarn & prices, delivery surpassed all expectations!!!"
Great solid color. I bought this to use with plastic canvas so I could craft a TARDIS. I think it is the perfect color for it. Good quality yarn. I always use Red Heart yarn in my crafts.
Color was as expected. Arrived on time
iTS OK
A little to thin but it's ok
"I consider this a ""craft yarn"";
not the best for next-to-the-skin garments.
Its a good economical yarn for beginners.
Toys, rugs or couch throws.
RHSS yarns can vary in size even though they are labeled
with the same specifications.
Example: if you are knitting/crocheting a variety of color squares for
a scrap afghan, you may find that one color will knit/crochet
considerably smaller or larger than another color. Then your squares will
not join well because they are different sizes.
The yarn is acrylic (pretty much plastic)
It is not going to soften up with washing or using fabric softener.
The stitches may relax, but the fiber itself is not capable
of becoming softer with laundry aides.
It will pill (fuzz on the surface) quickly with use and from
laundering.
There is a nice variety of colors, its readily available in most
stores with a craft dept. and it is a good size yarn for working up fast.
It will work in a mid-gauge or 9mm bulky knitting machine."
Good quality beginner yarn.  I use it for testing stitches and filler for additional colors on scarves.
"I'm fairly new to crocheting.  I ordered the banana berry color to make my niece a blanket.  As a lot of others have said, it is sort of a rough textured yarn and slightly more bulky than your typical medium weight yarn,  It does stitch up nice though and having bought this multi colored yarn it makes it much easier to see the stitches as you're working.  The colors are super cute. When I finish with the blanket,  I will wash it up and add some fabric softener.  I'm sure it will be super soft after that."
Came individually wrapped per skein.
Shipped super fast. Was great
I love the color of this yarn!
Great service and product!
"I love, love, LOVE this bright orange color! I have checked at a couple craft stores in town but could not find anything even close to this brilliant, bright orange. The yarn is soft but not super-soft like yarn that is used for baby blankets. I have not had a chance to work with it yet since I am waiting on more yarn to begin a project but I have worked with Red Heart brand yarn before and have always been pleased with it. Also, I got my package fast so I appreciate the quick shipping :) I would def buy from this company again in the future."
great
"Huge roll, wasn't paying attention and did not realize this was the big big roll. Love the shade as well."
what can I say about yarn?  it is nice and I like the color
love the quality of the product
It did not meet my expectations.  I was expecting a light shade of coral.  It was nice and soft though.
"Received my yarn today & was very pleased that the dye lot matched some I already had! I am a long time user of Red Heart yarns and threads so I can't come up with much more praise except to say that its a good product to work with when using synthetics and although it may have some knots connecting the skein, I don't find as many as some other brands."
"Purchased as a gift for a teen learning to crochet and was a beautiful, vibrant color and softer than it used to be."
It is very rough feeling yarn...too bulky.
love it
awesome
awesome
Such a great price and the quality is definitely up to Red Heart standards..... loved the speedy delivery A+ to the vendor !! Thanks
will purchase again.
THIS YARN IS SUPER AND I LOVE THE COLOR.
Great yarn.
This is worst yarn I've ever bought. Instead of the strands being together it's like working with four separate thin strands. This happened with two different colors. I'll never buy this yarn from Amazon again!  I'd give it zero stars if i could!!
it's  turning out fine
"I really love this Yarn, the texture is soft and it lays very well!!"
Not as advertised.  Not the 364 yards as advertised.  Really 236 yards.
"If you a knitter, you can never go wrong using Red Heart yarn! They have been around for many years & I have never had any problems when I have used their products."
Great colors - love the yard
"Hi, I just bought the zebra coloured yarn.  Can someone please tell me if the skein is made up of sections where the black looks very faded and the white sections look like the black bled unto it.  When I bought it I was under the impression that it was just black and white alternating sections.  Did I get faulty skeins?  I have bought this type of yarn before in different colours and I am always pleased."
I lost count of the number of skeins of Red Heart yarn I have bought and used through the years. It is a wonderful product and I have been very lucky with this yarn and the quality. What is dis heartening is the discontinuation of  colors especially in the variegated colors. I make a fleece blanket out of two pieces of fleece and after creating holes in the fleece do a crocheted pattern around the fleece with a variegated yarn and a solid color yarn to compliment the fleece pattern. I have made hundreds of these blankets and both the fleece and the yarn can be washed and dried and remain in good shape. The vast majority of the time I have  relied on coats and Clark red heart yarn but am now finding with dis appointment  the colors are disappearing. There are other brands to chose from and reluctantly I am being forced to buy from these other companies. Be sure when doing a project to buy enough of those colors needed. I would have gladly given a 5 star review if the product was still available as it once was.  :-(
"Great yarn, soft, easy to work with.  Quick delivery."
Making a great blanket that I saw on Pinterest.  Could not find this anywhere.  Quick delivery and the yarn is very soft.
Perfect!
Everything I expected......this yarn is beautiful I have people waiting in line for it
Perfect and fast shipping - thanks!
"Very durable and more gray than in the pictures. It was the right color and the one we wanted, but the lighting for the photo is pretty bad and doesn't portray its true hue."
Fast shipping and great product!
Nice bright yellow.
Comes in as described.
bought at a great price
"This shade of Jade is a beautiful greenish blue. I am using it in an afghan of crocheted shells in colors of water from light to dark.  It is really beautiful.  Super Saver is not the softest of the Red Heart yarns but it is extremely durable and washes very well I like it for projects such as afghans or amigurumi or stuffed toys for my grandchildren where I want a sturdy yarn.

I like to buy Super Saver at my local big craft store when they run specials or have coupons but often they don't have all the colors I want.  When that happens, the internet and Amazon are great for getting the yarn to my door without any waste of time or money on gas."
Great color & product. Love this brand
Saved my project
Have no issues with this item.
Absolutely perfect! Couldn't find this anywhere in Fairbanks!
happy with this yarn
good yarn god price
"Normally a skeen has enough yarn to make what I need, this only did half."
I ought this yarn because of the beautiful color but it was way overpriced. at JoAnn Fabric and Michaels it is $2.99 and I paid $4.99
Love the color
will buy again
excelent
Exactly what I wanted! Perfect!
"I have been using this brand for years now and it is still as excellent as ever, very durable smooth and does not break easily, plus it looks beautiful when you make things with it. My favorite things are the wide variety of colors textures and quality it is easy to work with doesn't fray or snap off like some yarns that aren't made well do. This is an afghan I am working on using this yarn"
"Ah, Red Heart yarn. Perfect for penny-pinchers to practice purls...not so much for making anything you intend to wear, unless you wash your project or luck out and get a soft color. Knitting with this stuff isn't awful by any means, it doesn't split or fray very easily and even if it does you have a lot of it!
...At least you do some of the time. The gold that I ordered was 364, but the fleck I got with it wasn't. Only solids come in this amount with flecks at 260 yds and multis at about 230 yds.
Red Heart's colors also pose a bit of an issue when buying this yarn. Earlier I mentioned lucking out and buying a soft color. Well, some colors definitely are softer than others. Light colors like Gold, Aran, and Buff can be worn right off the needle. Darker colors like Coffee, Charcoal and Black really need a wash and conditioner soak before being worn, or else you'll feel like you're wearing steel wool.

Good for first time projects, good for wallets, itchy for skin"
I got this yarn to make an afghan for a friend who lost everything in a house fire. I've used Red Heart for many years and it was exactly what I expected it to be. Shipped very quickly. Highly recommended.
"I'm just learning to crochet, so I don't want to practice on expensive yarn.  This yarn is a little scratchy, I don't know if it will soften up in the wash, all I've managed to make is cat toys and I don't imagine I'll be washing any of those.

Also, the threads seems to separate into three strands instead of staying together while you're using, I don't know if this is normal or not, but it is kind of annoying.  I did find one large knot or tangle in the center of the skein, I couldn't untangle it and being inexperienced I wasn't sure how to work around it.

Since, I really don't know how to crochet, and I'm just learning the stitches, I think the yarn is fine, but once I graduate to actually completing a project, I'll look for something of better quality."
"You know what you are getting when you get Red Heart yarn. The quality never changes and it fairly good for how cheap it is. Bought this to make a santa stocking, and he looks great!"
"good product, good selection"
Very nice yarn.
"I use this yarn a lot since I 'self taught' myself to crochet. Red Heart does really well for the wobbly looking things I make. I am doing a little better though. I have used this yarn and made some pretty decent caps and pot holders. The yarn products that I have made wash well and make it through the dryer. That made me happy. The afghan I am attempting with Red Heart is going well. The colors are nice and the yarn feels good on my fingers as I diligently crochet. By the way, crocheting keeps you from eating while you watch television, too. I recommend Red Heart especially for beginners like me because it does well and it does not hurt your budget terribly. It is a very good product."
Red Heart yarn is always good.
its a pretty yarn but not what I ordered. I ordered purple tones and got the candy color.
Perfect for my project.
This yarn is advertised as having 364 yards per skein.  It only has 236 yards.  I can buy it cheaper at somewhere else.
"Red Heart yarn is the only yarn I've ever used.  I'm sure some are softer, but Red Heart is easy to find with multiple colors.  I love this color--Real Teal--and had to order an extra from Amazon since Walmart had only three and don't seem to be restocking.  Overall, it can't be beat!"
"Too tough! Cannot wear on body, only for carpet."
Favorite yarn
good quality.
soft
Item as described.  Shipping took 2 days longer than amazon promised.
good yarn
"The yarn is inexpensive and that's good for beginners. My biggest complaint is the yarn knots easily. I try to roll the yarn in a ball before I start using it, yet it still knots and after an hour yes sometimes even longer...I end up cutting the yarn and end up with pieces. I find it does not matter if it pulls out the end or start on the outside, it will knot and both ends are on the outside of the skein. If anyone can make suggestions how to avoid the cluster of yarn please post how to end up with a nice roll of yarn. After I roll the yarn into a ball I place and use it out of a ziplock bag to keep it from tangling in my yarn bag and it helps to allow it to unwind while I crochet."
beautiful color. nice yarn.
My favorite brand of yarn. Currently knitting an amazing scarf. I love the non-solid color.
Exactly what I needed
"No problem with price or quality, but no 2 skeins are the same dye lot.  There is a definite shading difference.  I can use it up on smaller projects, so I lost nothing on the deal.  The product, however, was delivered by the Post Office.  The carton was left out in the rain all day because the carrier put it outside my screen room instead of my wide open carport.  When I complained to the post office, I mentioned that there was a large note outside to not leave deliveries on that side of the house.  Sometimes I wish Amazon wouldn't use them.  The yarn dried out okay, but I am worried that the odor from the wet cardboard will not fade.  Obviously not a product flaw."
"Nothing special, but for the price does a good job."
"I love Red Heart yarn for my crocheting projects. Yarn is good quality and color is consistent. I ordered this yarn from Amazon, as an add on item and got free shipping, which made it affordable to send as a gift."
it's only 236 yds and the other's are 364 yds. OK! I'll look for the 364 yds next time. Still a great price. Dark Orchud is a beautiful color. I had to wear a mask to crochet the first skein. It's so linty. Where is all this lint coming from?
Perfect!
great yarn
great quality and fantastic color
No Problems
"Absolutely beautiful rich color.  Wish I had bought more.  I live in Costa Rica and it's difficult to get yarn shipped here affordably.  A friend brought me a suitcase full of yarn and this is one of my favorite colors.  One thing I do have to say concerning the Super Saver Economy Yarn in general, I was surprised and slightly disappointed that there was a noticeable variation in the thickness of the yarn, not within the same color, but between different colors.  I had an afghan pattern that called for two shades of green and two shades of purple.  The purples were a thick yarn almost bordering on chunky.  The greens were much thinner, almost like a baby yarn.  I'm making the pattern anyway, since I can't run down to the store and find something I like better but the different between the yarns is noticeable.  And maybe it was my error expecting consistency across all Super Saver yarns but that is what I expected."
"Great buy, exactly what I wanted."
It's yarn and it's cheap! My mom likes it a lot. Worth the money!
The yarn is thick enough and soft to make sweater plus reasonable price.  Love it
Already used this up making hats and women I know keep asking for one so there you go.
"With Red Heart yarn, I always feel like I know ahead of time what I am getting.  And once again this proved to be true.  Maybe not the fanciest yarn but it works for so many things and I'm most pleased with it.  This one helped me finish off a sweater.  Thank you"
It wasn't the same quality and the other super saver yarn I had been using for my afghan. It worked out but seems more fragile then the rest I was using.
It made a beautiful infinity scarf and fingerless gloves.
Excellent service and the product was delivered to my door. Very happy customer.
good for basic projects
"Love this yarn. I have used it for  30 plus years now. It is always consistent and I have never had and issue with lot colors not being the same. I don't ever remember someone say this.  It is super easy to use. Washes and drys (on Low till slightly damp) Beautifully. I have never had to use delicate laundry soap with this. However I don't buy laundry soap with bleaches or additives. *Ie oxi, colorfast or other things). I do was it on gentle cycle. I would not dry clothing or toys as they might change shapes. But blankets scarves and afghans wash away."
Love the Red heart yarn
These colors are so adorable together. I made leg warmers for my little ballerina friend. One skein made a set of leg warmers for a middle schooler. The yarn didn't knot when it came out and was easy to work with. I will buy super savers any time over any other yarn.
Lots of fun--great colors
This is a very pretty variegated version of the Red Heart Super Saver yarn.  It creates little spots of color rather than long runs of color change.  I find it really nice for making hats and scarves.  I generally prefer longer runs of color or solid colors that I can decide when and where to change colors.  The super saver yarn is durable but not the softest of yarns available from Red Heart.
Very happy to find this at such a great price.
Quality of yarn is great - easy to work with and color is bright.
"good quality, better than what you can get from Walmart"
Several of the skeins had red thread running through it.  I'm returning them for replacement.
"This wasn't as soft as I was looking for and I was disappointed at that, but I use this to make flowers to go on the hats that I loom for my family and friends kids and newborn babies."
"I mistakenly thought this listing was for the Jumbo Super Saver skein. Otherwise I would not have purchased. I like this yarn, it's very basic and works in crocheted afghans very well! However this price is more than double what I would pay for the same size skein at a local craft store. Please please do not buy this yarn here. Michael's or Jo-Ann has it for far cheaper. I highly recommend this yarn for big projects that need to be durable (like blankets) I just can't recommend Amazon as the place to purchase it from."
"Very pretty colors, but this yarn seems to come apart very easily."
"I really like this yarn for projects where I want durability.  If I want softness, I spring for a little extra and go for Red Heart Soft Yarn.  The super saver yarn is great for projects for children, Christmas stockings, amigurumi, crocheted rugs, etc.  There is so much color choice and the price is great (especially if you look locally and find it on sale at craft stores.)  I like that there isn't a dye lot issue and once you've used this yarn, you will know exactly the quality you will be getting in the future.  I've crochet with this for more years than I care to remember and it is one yarn that I can always find where other types go in and out of style and get discontinued."
"Love the color, however, the yarn gets stringier as you use it until it is very hard to use due to extreme stinginess. The yarn threads do not hold together, after project is finished I will not purchase again. Very disappointed in Red Heart Quality. Have used Red Heart for decades, maybe I got a bad one????"
"Yarn has a beautiful color and it is soft, however it is pretty thin, compared to other Red Heart yarns.  In some areas has some knots that needed to be cut out."
can on time this yarn is very soft.
Very good yarn makes a great hat.
Always use Red Heart yarn for my projects.  Another pretty variegated color too.
"I'm making afghans for family members with this variegated color and the stores no longer were carrying it, so I went on Amazon and found it.  It is a nice blend of colors and, so far, everyone has raved over the colors in their afghan.  One was a wedding present."
That's all that really matters.
Really liked this yarn it made a very nice scarf for my granddaughter.
Bought as a gift for my wife.
great product
Love this yarn!
Great
Super huge fan of Red Heart yarn especially when it comes to making afghans.
turned it into a snake scarf. it turned into a diamond back snake! :) a little bit hard and itchy but hey thats what you get for buying a cheap yarn.
Item received quickly and was exactly what I expected.
k
"Just a warning about this yarn .. it's not as variegated as I expected.  You move from a fairly long section of red to a short section of white to a long section of green.  There are not long sections of color gradation.  Just red, then a tiny bit of white, then green.  I was disappointed."
worked perfect to make a scarf for my brother in law who is an outdoorsman.
Beautiful soft yarn in a great color combo!  Pattern works up so nice. never disappointed in Red Heart yarn.
Yarn!!!
"I've long been a Red Heart fan.  I love the fact that more than half their products are made in the United States (my home economy).  I find that Red Heart has a consistent product, whether it was purchased in the 1950s or today.  I have some ancient Super Saver, and it has held up well.  I love the color on this, and I love the fact that it holds true to the quality expected from Red Heart"
I have used Red Heart Yarn for 20 yrs or more. I don't crochet with anything else.
"Had started a project 2 yrs ago, put it up - forgot about it, took it out to finish it, and found I need one  more skein of Petal Pink...
what are the chances I could find the same lot # after 2 yrs............Amazon had it...fantastic."
"This yarn is perfect for knitting hats, scarves, or anything to wear to support the Seattle Seahawks"
"Perfect color, I knit a LOT...and love the Super Saver size, and Red Heart Yarn.  Thank you.. Grammie Gail"
Great yarn.  I was in a hurry to buy this I guess as Walmart had it for the same price or less within a week or two but I didn't want to take a chance on not having enough to finish the afghan for my grandson in progress. As it was...didn't need it.
"I ordered five skeins of this yarn. Three in burgundy, two in buff. Buff was seriously ten times softer a than burgundy, but usually garments made out of this yarn should get a 10-20 minute soak in fabric softener,  rinsed,  then blocked. It's  half the price of other yarns, and the colors are pretty consistent.  But it is definetly easy to work with soft yarn with wooden needles, which are way more quiet than awful aluminum clanking.  For 1 cent a yard, I can deal"
Made a beautiful hat and mlittens.
Almost used all of the yarn
"Great yarn, great price and great service."
"Again, I purchased this yarn to match some yarn I had previously purchased at a local store.  I was so excited to see that Amazon had it, and that this brand didn't have lot numbers.  It was a perfect match and I finished the project I was working on,"
just what I needed
Very soft and lovely for both crochet and knitting.. glides well... a little it tanner than an oatmeal.
The yarn is tired in several places.  Not sure why but it's almost like it was cut in pieces and knotted back
Love the colors and softness of yarn.
"Great yarn, and cheaper than buying in the store."
I loved this color. made a sweater for my puppy and she loves it
I am very happy with the texture and color of the yarn and look forward to adding it to the afghan I am currently knitting for my husband!
Love Red Heart yarns
nice Yarn
I use Red Heart all the time.  It's a great yarn.
"The yarn sort of starts to separate as you use it, but still holds together quite well with normal use. I th I k my projects should last long enough. This is definitely the perfect craft yarn, maybe not so much for garments."
"Excellent yarn as usual from Red Heart!  Used it to complete a ""Raiders"" afghan for my son!"
Missing a label on one but over all looks perfect. Can't wait to use it
"It's yarn, what more can be said."
Received before delivery date.  Like it.
great pkg/shpr.
Beautiful colors but very thin. It's more like a size 2 baby yarn without the softness than a size 4 worsted weight. Also it cost too much. You can save almost $5 per skein by buying the same brand at Wal-Mart ($2.88 each).
"i was not too happy to get half way through the skein and find that that yarn was severed and knotted back together. but it a wonderful yarn to work with. the colors are soft and vivid, and it has been kitted into a beautiful vest. i have received many compliments on the color choice. if you or someone you know is a fan of purple. this Purple Tones red heart yarn is a must buy."
Cool colors
Cool color
good.
"In the past, I've bought this yarn from Walmart and really liked it. However, it hasn't been available for a while, so I thought I'd just order it online. The packaging looks the same, but the quality of the yarn is not good. It's thinner than usual, and it's difficult to work with because it snags easily."
"It is just what it says ECONOMY yarn, cheap but poor quality in my opinion."
nice color - quality was good.
good quality yarn! will use again
"Great inexpensive craft yarn.  Good color, nice texture!"
"It's good beginner yarn.  Inexpensive and easy to work with.

It's not super thick, so it's a little slow for big projects, but the colors are nice and it is soft to the touch."
"Coral yarn
It was just what I was looking for. Thank you"
Worked out wonderfully.....
Always dependable yarn!  Great color options
I love these and its cheaper on here than in the store!
I love these and its cheaper on here than in the store!
"nice size, good color"
this is nice yarn and the color is pretty
"This is a great yarn to work with.  The only problem is there is only 5 oz of yarn and I feel that is not a ""super Saver"" size.  I had to order more yarn to finish my afghan."
Gorgeous color!
Thanks!
I would like this wool to be a tad softer.  The color is great.
"I use this for creating dolls that are washable and won't lose their shape over time. However, I wouldn't wear anything made with this yarn, purely for aesthetic reasons. For a wearable garment, I would go with something involving natural fiber; not something acrylic like this yarn. Color shown is very close to actual!"
Thank you!
"The yarn was as expected - same as you would get in any craft store, more convenient to have it delivered but harder to gauge color"
I love redheat yarn. Never any dye lots and it washes up great
I love this yarn and I will be shopping with this store again. Thank you
Lovely to work with & beautiful colours.
"When my Mom couldn't find this yarn anywhere in Albuquerque, guess where I turned?  To Amazon and found the very same color.  I was able to ship it directly to her.  Once again, great job!"
Excellent
Gooooood
Thank you very much!  Arrived in time and the color is beautiful!
very nice shades of color. Exactly what was promised. Thanks.
This was a great yarn. The color is right on!
"I just received the 4 skeins yesterday, 12-6-14 & they are awesome colors to work with & can not wait til I start a blanket with them.  So glad I ordered & I really enjoy Red Heart yarns !!"
Quick delivery and item just as described
Excellent product great color shade fast shipping
Perfect color for the project I was working on and ran out of yarn. Was able to finish project in time with this
worked well for the craft project we did.
Super
Great price. Quick delivery!
Love the color
Love the color !
It is exactly what I needed to finish my blanket!!!
LOVE GOLD YARN
"Fast shipping! Not the highest quality yarn, but nice enough. I made a really cute afghan with this camo. Turned out great!"
"I was looking for yarn for an afghan, and this yarn is working out wonderfully.  It's not to ""fuzzy"" so the stitches are easy to see and I know it will wash well.  The variegated colors are making up beautifully!  Good all purpose, washable, pretty yarn!"
this was everything I expected
"excellent quality, still using the yarn"
this yarn is such a lovely color. Very easy to work with.
What I expected
Just the right shade for my eagles blanket I am making?
"Beautiful color, Great Price!"
Perfect for school colors
"Red Heart is my default yarn for crochet projects.  I highly recommend it.  What I cannot recommend is the price.  I bought a skein of Super Saver Economy Yarn, Grey Heather in early October of this year, from this page on Amazon, from Supermart, I believe.  It was under $3.00 then ($2.79, if I recall correctly).  Imagine my disappointment when I tried to order more less than a month later and the price had jumped to $7.03!  Just a few days ago, Joanne's was having a sale on the same yarn for $2.49.

As of this morning, Supermart's price had dropped to $6.58. Good.  When it drops back to under $3.00, I'll order again.

I understand the seller's right to set the price for the product.  I also understand my right (and budget responsibility) to take my custom elsewhere."
"I'm a beginning knitter and I bought this yarn because its pretty. Upon getting it and working with it, I am very impressed by the beautiful colors. It ranges from the softest lavender to a deep jewel purple and it just really pretty. Its also easy to work with. However, the plies (is that the right word? strands?) easily separate and I'm constantly finding sections of the yarn untwisted and as many individual threads instead. Still, it seems nice enough for the cost, and like I said, the colors are gorgeous!"
perfect
Perfect Halloween orange
Very nice .........
"Very nice yarn. I was not expecting that the skeins would be so big! Yarn is a little scratchy, but I have read some tutorials for softening the finished product to the point that it could mimic some of the more expensive yarns.  I purchased ranch red (or burgundy), orchid, white, cornmeal, coffee, wildflower, and light blue. I have already started a scarf with the light blue, and I would say that the skein could make two scarves, depending on the stitch, with quite a lot of yarn left over. Not to mention, it came on time. Overall, I am very pleased with this purchase."
"I love Red Heart super saver yarn. I purchased this item in Grey Heather, Mistle toe and Artist and they are all wonderful. They are soft and perfect for almost any classic project you may have. I have been crocheting tons of hats for all my relatives as the weather is getting colder and this particular yarn is great for such projects."
perfect color. I was not sure about order on linet and not see color. Was oerfect match for John Deere Greene
I loved the yarn and I finished my curtains and they look great. Thank you so much.
always like the winding dows not not
"I could not find this color yarn anywhere around me! Saw that it was in stock on amazon, ordered two skeins, and it was delivered quickly. The color is exactly like the dark purple in the picture and the yarn is just what I needed."
"I realize that ordering yarn online means there may be some color variation from what I see on the screen. I also realize a yarn called ""pumpkin"" should be on the orange side. This yarn appeared to have more of a yellow tint online and it is nothing short of neon orange! I ordered this along with another color that showed up as a very green color, nothing like what I expected, and now I have neon orange and green for a project I was really looking forward to..."
I did not get it yet however I am sure I will enjoy
THANK YOU
Color as described
I use this brand often..........
"Very Cool Color, nice and solid for a heavy-duty afghan that will last years.  JUST BE CAREFUL when you order: some skeins have different yardages from others, up to 100  yds difference between one color and another.  Had to order more, having assumed all of the Super Saver skeins of this weight listed on the online page form were identical in size.  Not so."
"Excellent color, hard to find. Glad it was Red Heart, an excellent yarn to work with."
perfect
pretty
"I love this yarn, but the information on the product is misleading, it says that is has more yardage than it really does, This one has 244 yards, according to the label on the skein. I just ordered 2 because the information in the description says it has 300 something yards."
"I love this yarn, but the information on the product is misleading, it says that is has more yardage than it really does, This one has 244 yards, according to the label on the skein. I just ordered 2 because the information in the description says it has 300 something yards."
"I love Red Heart yarn. The color wasn't quite what I needed,as its hard to match a color over the net. This yarn will definitely not go to waste, as I have a little neighbor who will be getting a lovely hat and scarf from this yarn!"
this is as good as ever and i have been using yarn for crocheting for almost 50 years...i miss some of the old colors but the new choices are awesome
not as soft as hoped for. looks great knitted up
Great Product!
Awesomeness
"Received the product quickly using my Amazon Prime account.  The yarn is as shown and described on the site - color is the same as well - nicer in person.  If you happen to get this yarn as an add-on for a couple bucks then its a good buy.  Thought the price point was fair at the time of purchase - but think using 30 - 40% coupons in Michael's you'll get a better deal.  In all, it is a good product, exactly as described and great for many craft projects!"
"This yard is awesome. It's not the softest yarn out there, but it's soft enough for an afghan to me (especially after a few washes) and the color holds up extremely well over time. Another big bonus is this yarn is the easiest to work with that I've found. Some brands are so difficult to hold onto, usually because of how soft they are, or it's the biggest pain to find the right end to work with/get the yarn to come out easily while working with it. No complaints at all from me about Red Heart Super Savor!

The red burgundy mixed with Medium Thyme was the perfect Christmas colors for this year's afghan."
just what I wanted
"I am right at the end of a project and needed one more skein.... I am so thankful I found it on Amazon, none of the store within 200 miles of my home had any left of this color."
Was what I expected.
"love it thanks! just the right coloring and so fast to be here. bridal shower is march 12,2017. thanks again!"
Satisfied
"I love Red Heart yarn...that`s the only brand yarn I use,and received it quickly....thankyou...Mona Wills"
I will be ordering more products in the future.
Fabulous!  Thank you!
Was perfect Thanks
"When it arrived, it was yarn, and it was indeed blue. It was everything I had hoped for, as what I had hoped for was blue yarn. If your hopes and dreams are limited to skeins of blue yarn, this might just be the product for you."
Does anyone know how many ounces is in this skein?  Pattern go by how many oz of yarn you need.  Is this a 5 oz skein or 7 oz skein?
Worked up nicelyl.
Color is much nicer than the picture shows.
GREAT!!
"Great yarn, works great, BUT in the photo it only shows brown, white, and pink.. just be aware that the light brown in the photo is actually light GREEN in person. I don't have a problem with it, but that is something that still would've been nice to know."
very nice yarn...came in excellent condition and promptly...i love the color of the yarn...no problem with anything...
"The yarn arrived very quickly. It's color complements the afghan I am working on. It's very easy to work with, no tangling, etc."
very good
Beautiful color scheme!
"this is a very cool yarn
as you knit it really does make a camo pattern"
everything about this purchase was great.
Great price always love red heart
great
A+
Great buy.
Love the colour
color is much lighter than it appears online and when order arrived the one skein was frayed and unusable
great
"This is really one of my absolute favorite yarns to work with. Aside from the flecks balling together, this yarn works up really easily and I love the color. The seller is brilliant as well. I received this yarn in only a couple days. Now I just have to finish that blanket I've been putting off."
nice color
I prefer red heart yarn to many of the others I have tried. It ties well and works well.
The color is perfect and was sent perfectly packaged . I work with yarn so I hope to make more purchases soon.
"As always, it perfectly matched the skein of yarn I had bought a year ago.  Hats off to Red Heart for always making yarn that matches faithfully."
"The wife got this and likes it. Same quality that she would get at the store, but a lot lower price!"
Beautiful color
"Nice yarn, I did have to double it up for a scarf (135cm) and there's still a good amount left. Very cheap and shipped fast."
excellent
It is wonderful to be able to order yarn over the internet and have it delivered to my home.  Red Heart Super Saver is one of my favorite choices for making the blankets I donate to the Linus Project.
Very happy with how fast it got here. So I could finish my project.
good yarn.  My mother needed it to finish a project
Just what I was looking for
"Product arrived very quickly, was as described and great price A++++"
Nice rich color.
"Red Heart yarn is the best yarn as far as I am concerned. I love making baby blankets out of Red Heart, and they have so many colors choices. Finding Aran yarn just had me fall in love all over again. It is a soft yarn, and I think a neutral shade for either boy or girl baby, in place of pink or blue."
Very satisfied!
Love this yarn.....
"It appears to be fine, I haven't used it yet, it's a very pretty color.
I'm sure it will be fine. Good package, arrived on time"
I liked it.
As always...great Red Heart yarn.
Thank you exactly what I needed
"Red Heart Super Saver is the brand I reach for most.  When crocheting or knitting with it, it isn't very soft but it softens up after you wash it.  I have been using this yarn for many years."
Pretty
"Good price, Amazon. Its a great all purpose econcomy yarn"
Thank you!
love it
great
"excellent. i have never  had a problem with orders. arrival time,quality just great."
"softer then i remember.  I think it was red heart team colors that scared me off the whole super savers line, but this doesn't feel sqeaky."
"Very soft and easy to work with, not to mention the rich color.  This is my go-to yarn for baby blankets!"
Perfect - and good competitive price!
"I give the yarn 5 stars although I had 2 problems with my order.
(1) The description says it is 364 yds but the label says 244 yds DIDN'T ORDER ENOUGH FOR MY PROJECT.
(2) The lot numbers were the same on all but 3 skeins were a different lot number.
I'm glad this is a variegated yarn or the color could have been off since I received yarn with 2 different lot numbers.
The yarn is great, easy to work with and very soft. Very pretty colors - like autumn leaves."
Great! Easy to work with and really resembles camouflage as it works up.
USE THIS YARN ALL THE TIME WITH GREAT SUCCESS..
"The yarn is great to work with, nice weight to it. I ran out of yarn and was able to complete an afghan that I started. Needed 13 skeins, only had 7 and I must say, the no dye lot worked for me!"
Local place didn't carry this yarn.  I had started a blanket and freaked out thinking I couldn't finish it
"Just as good as all Red Heart yarns. I love the bright color. My nephew wants a lime green afghan, this green is it."
Good yarn that is cheaper or the same price as getting it in the store.  Wife is happy!
"I found out that this yarn is way over-priced when I finally took a trip into town (an hour away) and saw it for sale at Michaels for $3.19 instead of the $7.97 price this seller is asking.
The yarn itself is dull and coarse and rough on the hands.  I decided not to use this yarn I was overcharged for and get better stuff at Hobby Lobby."
It's yarn! What more can I say?
Great product packed and shipped well
"Color is a little darker, more vivid, like it better.  Nice yarn, good price!"
"I'm still new to yarn crafts, but I like using this. It's cheap and not soft at all, but I bought it to make amigurumi and it's great for that! I just wish some of these random colors weren't overpriced here."
"Fantastic yarn! I bought it off here because I was working with this color and ran out. The store that I got it from no longer had it. When this yarn got to my house, I was shocked at how soft it was! The skein I got from the store was very course. Loved this new yarn!"
I was looking for an Orange yarn. There not hard to find but to get the right one was important and this one is Orange but not bright just Right!!!  Thank You!
"Bought this color for a man's afghan I am working on. It is all Windsor Blue and making quite
a classic look with the design I chose."
The yarn is a wonderful country color that blends well with the yarns I'm using in my afghan project. I've made 2 afghans using this yarn and plan to make a third. I'm a fan of red heart yarns. I don't think I've ever been disappointed with their yarns.
This yarn is so soft! I love the color and it's perfect for the afghan I'm loom knitting. I would definitely recommend this yarn.
"It was inconvenient that it had to be an add-on item, but it looks amazing and was worth spending all the extra money"
not enough can be said about the quality and extremely large selection of colors from red heart yarns. the quality is fantastic. both combined make my crafts fun to make and beautiful to look at and comfy to ear. thank you.
not enough can be said about the quality and extremely large selection of colors from red heart yarns. the quality is fantastic. both combined make my crafts fun to make and beautiful to look at and comfy to ear. thank you.
not enough can be said about the quality and extremely large selection of colors from red heart yarns. the quality is fantastic. both combined make my crafts fun to make and beautiful to look at and comfy to ear. thank you.
"I have used this yarn for several blankets, and it makes for a beautiful project. The finished product looks very expensive and people LOVE it!"
"Store ran out of this color, OH NO! No problem, Amazon has it in another store. Log into Amazon, search, found it, order and got it! My wife now happily finished her knitting with no mis-matched colors!"
"Good, reliable RedHeart yarn.  In process of knitting myself a vest.  I love this color print.  You can choose a color to wear and this yarn will harmonize well with it."
"I would definitely order this yarn again.  I've purchased other yarns only to find the skein pieced somewhere in the middle.
No problems here."
Its for my granddaughter. I like the colors it will go with any color you put with it. Its somewhat soft. Not scratchy.
Picture at the time of order did not match the color sent. But I did notice they did fix the issue :)
This yarn is so soft to work with. And such a pretty color. I am presently making an afghan with this color and 2 others.
"I bought this yarn for my Grandson.  I appreciate the quick service and product, but instead he wanted the Red!  Thanks, I used this yarn in doll clothes for my Granddaughters.  Thank!"
"Red Heart yarn is one of those reliable products that you can count on for good quality at a reasonable price.  That means you can make little gifts or big ones to share with friends and family without breaking the budget.  This shaded yarn is just great for Christmas items, and St. Patrick's Day.  The nice thing about shaded yarn is you get an interesting look without having to deal with changing yarns or tucking in ends.  It is fun to watch the colors develop.  So, whip up a bunch of shamrocks, or a pretty holiday throw that you won't have to put away after the holidays are past.  I have been using Red Heart products for decades and have found them to be not only reliable, but available in just about any color I can think of."
This is a good quality yarn. I am happy with the price also. It sure is nice to have it delivered to the door.
The yarn was the color shown and exactly as expected.  The purchase was cheaper than Hobby Lobby would have been.  The yarn is somewhat bulky and medium-soft.  Not for socks or baby clothes (duh) but will do nicely for my afghan.
"This yarn came in exactly as I had hoped the color would be.  It's simply gorgeous, and the right shade of coral."
"I love hip colors & this yarn is not your regular old-lady knitting yarn.  Very Fast shipping & item was described accurately.  Thank you for offering ""cool"" yarn for craft addicts like me."
It is exactly what I needed.  I had trouble finding the shade and it matches the yarn I bought years ago perfectly.
I love the gold color. I made an afghan with a purple color and it came out beautiful. I would recommend this yarn to anyone that knits or crochets.
"This yarn comes in a large bundle for an extremely cheap price. It is lush and perfect for any knitting projects, and the color is eyecatching. I would highly recommend this bright and beautiful yarn for anyone who has a passion for knitting without spending excess money."
I so love to crochet!! ... and what is better than crocheting? Getting the yarn for a really good price!!!  My only wish is that the texture of the yarn would not be so rough!! and SO many knots in the skein! :( ... but other than that.... I LOVE IT!
"You can't beat red heart super saver for value.  it is not the softest of yarns,  but Ian find some colors are softer than
others.  I do a lot of knitting and crocheting for charity and I find that if I make a conscious effort to crochet looser than usual, there is no problem.  This color - amethyst - is especially beautiful.  Everyone loves it."
gorgeous color and quite soft.  i have not used it yet but just looking at it i can tell it will make something nice.  the fades are nice and gradual and go from a light lavender to a deep purple.
"I love this yarn.  It is beautiful and easy to crochet, as I am using it for my first afghan along with some light and dark purple super saver yarn."
"Very good disruption of the yarn it is pretty and it works up real good. It is a super saver so it is a large skein.
Have used it all up and wish I had bought more than one at the time."
"Great service, nice to find unusual colors on line."
The yarn seemed more of a vibrant color in the photo. But my main issue  with this yarn is that it was such a poor quality.  It was difficult holding the tension when I was crocheting because the yarn was so flimsy. I'm reteaching myself to crochet after having putting down my crochet needles over 10 years ago.  This yarn started to fray even before I had to pull it apart to redo a couple of rows. In my humble opinion this yarn was not worth the over six dollars I paid for it. I certainly would not use it to crochet gifts for family and friends.
It was the correct color; it was received quickly; and it is the same good quality yard that I have come to expect from Red Heart.
Always good quality yayn.
"I was looking for just the right color to make something with a Denver, Rockies theme and this was just what I needed!"
"Good quality yarn.  I bought this yarn to make a scarf and mittens for my step daughter.  With both projects, they did work out so that the pattern did reflect camouflage garments."
It was perfect and matched my work and was perfect and sending was a day early. Glad I was able to match  it. You were a life saver
"I ordered a few different yarns from red heart, since i loved using them before. Sadly this time when i used them, the package was stolen off my porch and they refused to give me a refund or to resend me the yarn I ordered. Very disappointing."
This is really good yarn. I like the brand because they have a lot of different colors to choose from.
"Well, I needed yarn. No particular color, just needed yarn. This is yarn...exactly what I needed. I couldn't really ask for anything more..."
"Red Heart yarns have been around as long as I can remember.  While not quite as soft as some of the ""fancy"" yarns, they always work up well and hold up to use. In fact, I particularly favor this brand for making bags, mittens, etc as they hold up well.  I like to keep these big skeins on hand in assorted colors, so I can make up a scarf, bag, or other quick project whenever the mood strikes me."
"I was attracted to this yarn by the soft, shaded colors.  It makes a very attractive garment.  It really gives the finished product a lovely, special look.  I used it to make a shawl, and I am very pleased with the results.  I have already ordered some additional skeins to have on hand."
"Wonderful to have purchased this item on sale. It was a great buy.  Thank you!

I would definitely buy more."
Red Heart has a good quality yarn. I love this bright christmas yarn for my holiday projects. The price was good also.
It is easy to work with and the colors are very nice and actually true to the picture.  I use a lot of Red Heart yarns and have always been satisfied with it.  Great for afghans and very reasonably priced.
Item as expected. It was impossible to find this color locally. I was glad that it was available through internet.
I can drive to Chipley and buy same yard but shopping with Amazon is so much easier and the price is always better would recommend to anyone who hates to get dressed and go shopping... on line is the way to go
"variegated  purple  made  a  lovely  winter scarf
nice  soft  material  and  not  ichy  yeah
would  buy again--and  recommend to  friends"
"nice  color--nice  and  soft--made a winter neck scarf out  of  it  and  its real  nice
there is  no better yarn  than  red  heart"
"I've been using Red Heart yarn for years and it's always been nice and soft and easy to work with.  However when I chose this variegated combination to use in my current project I noticed it's very scratchy and rough feeling and also hard to work with.  It doesn't slide off the crochet hook easily.  I love the colors they make in this combination yarn but there is something about the fabric content that makes it scratchy so I won't be using it again.  I compared the content to the plain colors and it's the same so they must be doing something in the color process that makes it rough.  Come on Red Heart I know you can do better, your yarn has always been so great to work with and such a bargain to buy.  Don't mess it up now!  I'll stick with the solids."
Good quality yarn and matched the color I had purchase years ago when I first started this project.  You can't go wrong with a Red Heart yarn.
Great product.  The color was a perfect match to my project I had been working on.  Shopping was great also
This is not a super saver yarn. Super saver is a lot BIGGER size at the price I paid It should have been a pounder size. I'm going to return this order. It is way over priced.
"I purchased 4 skeins of this yarn for my 4th grade students to use in making a Mother's Day gift.  (Crochet-covered Coat Hangers)  I selected this variegated yarn because  and I know my students will LOVE the beautiful colors.  Also, the yarn has a marvelous texture and doesn't fray or untwist readily, as some yarns do; it will be easy for small, inexperienced hands to use.  Finally, the price is right, and I had no problem spending my own money for this special school project.  My kids' moms deserve it!"
Red Heart yarn has never let me down. I rated it 5 stars because that's what it deserves. I will always buy Red Heart yarn!
Red Heart is always good quality everyday yarn and this batch was no exception. I made my co-workers some nice hats!
"It almost feels like it has a glue-y coating.  not sticky, but sort of stiff.  I don't know if it will change after it's washed, or not."
I misestimated how much of this I needed to finish my project and none of the stores were willing to order more. I was so happy to be able to get more without paying double the price in a store and then paying another $30 in shipping. I have a prime account.
I was very happy with colors in this varigated yarn. I made it into a hoodie for a little girl and she is a happy camper.
"This is very camouflage looking, which I like a lot. Maybe a little more so than the actual camouflage colored yarn. I like making afghans and pillows with it for me and other people so I use this color a lot. And it holds up ok if I have to undo and redo something. And it just gets a little fuzzy in the wash so far. Wish it was cheaper."
"The yarn was just what I needed.
Thank you for promptly sending the yarn.
The books were all fine except for the condition of The Daily Bible.  All of the books we have ordered have been in really good condition except for the one mentioned above.  It was disappointing, but we kept it anyway.
Jeanie Swartz"
I used this to make my 1st pair of socks - tube socks - and everyone loved the way the color looked in them.
"If this item had been available, it would have only been priced at $2.44 per skein. I needed the yarn to
Complete a project that I was working on, or I wouldn't have ordered it at the price that it was sold. I checked stores
In a 25 mile radius before I ordered online."
"This yarn is very coarse. It was not nice to work with. The colors are play, but I hated crocheting with this."
Yay! I Just got this today! Right on time! Thank you! cannot wait to knit some slippers for my husband! Great Company!!! A+++++++++
I love how these colors blend together.  I knitted a shawl and it's very soft & lovely.  Very easy yarn to work with.
When I received this I had to look at it three or four times because it isn't really a coral color but more like a burnt orange color. So be warned before purchasing.
Guess need to know the ounces on yard as I paid 7 for this and can get it at Walmart for 2.69 Not ever going to get yarn online again
Working with this yarn on plastic canvas is not recommended as it broke apart to easily and shredded apart to easy
"Was making a throw blanket for one of my daughter's friends.  The zebra was perfect!  She is into black so the black, white, and grey gave it a change nice look."
"Since when did Amazon become the yarn police? I was only allowed to buy four skeins when it says there are 19 available. Now as a long-term Prime member not only do I have to spend 25 $ , I am limited to how many I can buy. It's like saying you can only buy two cups of flour when you need four. While I am at it...Amazon use to always have the best prices but not anym ore. I doubt I will renew my Prime Membership"
"The yardage of the skein was smaller than I expected. It is not ""Bright"" yellow. It is just plain old yellow. In the picture it looks florescent yellow. Do not go by the picture! You can also but the same exact yarn at the store for $2.99. Not a happy customer. I will never buy yarn on here again! The problem is not with the seller. They have been great and refunded me for my purchase even though they did everything correct. The problem lies with the picture and description provided by Amazon. Thank you Stuff4Scapbooking! You have turned my frown upside down! Still not happy with the picture resolution provided by Amazon!"
I did not like this yarn.  It was a very scratchy yarn and the colors were much duller than the picture (think army green instead of grass/tree green).
"I was disappointed in my purchase.  The yarn was priced to imply that it was 14 oz skeins, but was really only 7 oz.  Also, the yarn has many knots in it, making it unusable at times."
Loved this mix of colors.  Very colorful but not bright.  It makes a nice cowl.  Red Heart yarn is a standby product.
This was just what I needed to finish my project!  I even have some left over for another one!  Thanks!
I love Red Heart Yarn!  If I start a project and run out of a color I can always get more of the exact same.
"I have been looking for this variated color for a long time, because I had a skein of it when I was young.  I really thought that the color had been retired.  The yard worked just great for a head-band.  Just like I remembered!"
Great yarn for multiple projects.  Item as described.  Color is a muted green but blends well with other colors.  Excellent price.
The yarn was exactly as described.  I was very happy with it.  I would definitely order more if I needed to.
"I could not find this color at my local Walmart, which is not surprising, but I got this and made the infinity scarf and it looks awesome!"
I bought several yarns to make presents this year and am going to make some with plastic canvas! Items were well worth the wait.
I love the color of this yarn. It is so easy and pleasant to work with. I make winter hats with this. I also liked the huge selection of colors to choose from. Thank you so much and I hope you had a Happy New Year.
But it's not as soft as I thought it would be.  Made a nice at and a scarf for little boys.
Had A Hard Time Finding This Color Since A Store Deified To Close In My Area. So Glad I Found It On This Site. Making A Queen Size Blanket For Me And My Baby.
"My mother made me a scarf with this yarn. I am very happy with it. Soft, pretty color, nice quality."
It really took a long time to get here. Found what we needed at a local store to complete the project.
"Works very well for the project we wanted it for. A little more fuzz then I would like, but I can put up with that for the price."
This color must not be produced any longer.  I needed two rows to finish my afghan.  Thanks for having it and for prompt shipping
"I have used Red Heart yarn for many years and no matter what the color never have I been disappointed,  Mexicana always get great comments when I am working with it."
"I use Red Heart Yarn a lot. It's affordable and fairly soft, and has a great selection of colors. The shipping was fast too."
Wrong item description! It is stated that it is 364 yards and when received it the yarn is 244 yard. This is overpriced for the yardage. WalMart has 244 yards for $2.50
I have used Red Heart yarn for many years.  My only regret is that some of the older patterns call for colors that are not available.  Am pleased with how it works up in my patterns.
Knits up unexpectedly beautiful!  The skein doesn't do it justice.  Little bit of a rough feel that all super saver yarns have.
I found this yarn on sale at Amazon for less than what I would of paid for it at Walmart. Very beautiful color and it will make a nice afghan. Very convenient to have delivered to the door. I bought it with another purchase so I received free shipping. Great bargain!
Turned out nice blankets and made several of them crocheted. It was worth the money and came at a decent time.
This is another to good to believe. they give you  a great price on the product but pad the shipping cost pretty badly. and trying to get a proper refund is a laugh so buyers beware. I haven't been able to place a claim because the system is not working on this one.
I Love this yarn.  I make potholders mostly and this yarn seems heavier than others. I highly recommend this product.
"I triple checked the numbers before I ordered, and they didn't match what I had.  I made due, but was unhappy."
"The shipping was super quick and its a great price. My only complaint is that I ordered the yarn in the color Buff and they sent me Buff Fleck. It it pretty much the same it just has small ""flecks"" of darker browns and blacks throughout. It looked fine in my project so I was ok with it."
The painted desert yarn  is very thin and texture is rough i have used red heart many years and haven't had this problem
When I purchased these two skeins of yarn I was under the impression that the price stated was for the 14 oz size per skein not the 7 oz for the same price.  I was excited that there would be no fee for shipping and handling but upon receiving the product I was disappointed to get something that I could go to Wal-mart for a pay only $2.77/skein.
I haven't started on my shawl yet but I know it will turn out great and will go with several different colors.
awesome! absolutely love it! best purchase i have made. price was great for my budget. already recommended to my family and friends.
"A friend of mine is having a little boy so I crocheted her a ripple baby afghan using Monet, and a shade of mint green, light blue, and lavendar.

Red Heart has always been a favorite yarn for many years, but can be a bit scratchy and abrasive due to its all acrylic content.  It is a good alternative for those allergic to wool.  It is machine washable and dryable, and holds its shape well.  It's a more inexpensive yarn than most, so it is a good yarn for beginning knitters and crocheters to start with if they want to build a stash on a budget.  I ordered this particular skein online because it was cheaper than Walmart.com's price, and the local craft stores were out of this particular color combination."
I got my yarn. It was exactly what I ordered. Now I can finish the project that I had started.
the yarn was the perfect match for the black yarn I had already. They made Saints hat beautifully. it was just what I needed.
This yarn is very nice to work with. The color goes great with  navy blue.  It makes beautiful hats and scarfs for my grandsons.
I could hardly wait for my order to arrive and arrive it did on time as usual! Due to the cold snap we've have been experiencing this past week (cold by Hawaii's standards anyway)  I've been busy with my needlework and am glad to report that I am warm and fuzzy and as snug as a bug in a rug. I highly recommend this product to anyone who knits and crochets. Maholo and Aloha.
I can't believe this is even made. It is the most unpleasant feeling yarn I've ever felt. A total waste.
"If you've used this brand, you know exactly what you will be getting - same, consistent yarn every time.  I bought this same brand and color a few years ago from somewhere else and had a little bit left over.  Purchased this skein and added it to what I already had - can't tell where one ends and the new begins.  Made a cute, small blankie for my toddler nephew.  Purchased a similar skein (Calliope color) for my niece who is expected in a couple of months.  Love the consistency with this yarn - no surprises mid-project."
I love red heart yarn.  It is affordable and most of the skiens are pretty soft.  This is an exception.
"The color is darker than pictured but of course you cant go wrong with the quality of Red Heart. I wouldn't order yarn again from here, I just go to Herrschners and buy there now."
I have always used Red Heart for years in afghans as it lasts for years. Its a nice medium blue.
"DEFINATELY RED.  I LIKE THE VIBRANT COLOR.  IF YO LIKE THE COLOR RED, YOU WILL LOVE THIS YARN.  IT IS A LITTLE ROUGH BUT IT IS ACRKYLIC WHICH EXPLAINS WHY."
"I bought this for an ""octopus"" project with our students.  We have boys, as well as girls, so I chose this for the boys.  It worked very nicely and the price was unbeatable.
It is the exact colors that it shows in the picture."
"The colors are amazing. I got the camouflage yarn. The colors were very nice when knitted and it was easy to work with. There were some knots in my yarn skein though. My only major issue is that its not as soft as other colors in the super saver color palette. Its very rough and hurts my neck when I where it. Very itchy and scratchy on my skin. I'm trying to use a loose stitch now to see if that helps. I'd recommend this yarn though. Great buy for the price!

Update: loose stitches...like extremely loose made it softer!! Very happy."
I received the yarn and it's perfect. It came quickly and it was priced reasonably. I will try your company again. Thanks again and Merry Christmas and Happy New Year
I yard was so soft and easy to work with I will defiantly buy it again.  The price was very good as well.
"As this yarn name implies it is a NEON green, hence GLOW WORM, and not a light or pastel green by any means. It's really hard to get a neon color in a yarn but this comes pretty close. I also purchased this color with another Red Heart neon color in pink. I like Red Heart yarn because they always come up with interesting color combinations and is easy to work with. I purchased a cheaper brand of yarn at Michael's once and it wasn't worth it - it was thin and it frayed a lot."
"With my Prime shipping account I got free 2-day shipping on this yarn and at $2.79 sale price making the price very comparable to Wal-Mart. I was able to get enough skeins to finish my project all at one time in the same dye lot. I do wish there wasn't a 4-skein limit on yarn though, and also that I could order yarn without having to buy it as an add-on item. I loved that each skein of yarn is individually packaged in a sealed heavy plastic bag. I've never seen such good care taken of a yarn product by anyone. Thanks Amazon! Though a bit rough, this yarn holds up well for afghans and softens up a bit after washing. Solid colors have no dye lot, and I really haven't noticed a color difference in different dye lots in the multi-color lines. Using the camo, I've crocheted dog sweaters, afghans, and men's winter scarves."
Good yarn.  Arrived on time and color great.  Just what I needed.  Larger skein very useful.  Makes fewer ends to hide.
"It's beautiful yarn, but it's kind of stiff. I don't know how it washes because I make scarfs out of them and give them as gifts. I would purchase it again, from another store. It's too expensive on here. It arrived on time and was packed right."
Easy to knit with (no tearing of the strands) and the color makes great striping. It's not that soft but not noticeably scratchy. I made fingerless mittens for a friend who rides a bike in the winter and he loves them.
"If you want a soft green color do not buy this! This is a bright green color, not at all like the picture shows!"
This is a very vibrant and consistent type of yarn. It's perfect for bright scarves or amigurumis (toys). It is a bit expensive on Amazon though (I would suggest buying it from Walmart or Hobby Lobby!). Overall a great yarn for beginners and experts alike!
The pumpkin color is more tangerine then what is shown in the preview.  Would be nice if they had a more true to color picture.
I love Red Heart yarn.  I love the price on this and the color is exactly what I wanted and as shown.
I am going to love crocheting with this bright soft color! It was just the way it showed on Amazon.com. I love it and like to do bright things during the fall and winter months.
This was hard to find locally so I was super happy to find it online! Great for helping me finish my project :)
just what i wanted. am able to completey project. and i will continue tobuy from amozon items i enjoy. and items i collect
"I chose this rating because I am very happy with my order and it was exactly what I wanted.
I liked everything about it and would recommend all of my crocheter friends to the web site."
"this white, combined with shades of blue, made for an interesting project for a friend...I ordered it for her (she doesn't own a computer) ...""the item turned out perfectly"""
"I'm probably spoiled because I use acrylic yarn, the soft yarn from Red Heart and another company.  I did not enjoy working with this, but if you want worsted weight cotton, it is the yarn for you."
I made a afghan with this yarn and love the way it turned out.  It will be a Christmas present for one of my grandchildren.
"I needed more of this yarn to finish an afghan and could not find it in stores.  It was priced too high, but is good quality yarn."
"The yarn did indeed meet and surpass my requirements. I have been crocheting an extra-long bedspread for my nephew, who just started college at Wooster Polytechnical Institute in Boston, MA, and the colors are burgundy and gray. Fortunately, the shades of these colors did not have to be exact, so I have been able to ""play"" with them...just a little. I already had a darker gray and some burgundy, so this was a perfect fit. I should be done in several weeks, and will send it to him ASAP...

Thank you very much for the help!

Barbara"
"The yarn itself is great, and exactly what I use (I use about 20 skeins of Mexicana a year for lanyards), but the description for what I bought said 364 yards. The skeins I got were only 244 yards. I went back and looked at the image after my order came in, and the picture does show 244 yards, but I trusted the description when I ordered. I didn't mind paying 7.87 for 2 of the 364 yard skeins, but that is pretty high for 2 of the 244 yard ones."
It's very pretty but not very soft. It's a good bargain and it crocheted up nicely. It was just a little rough to work with.
I have used this yarn for years.  And have always had great results.
"When you get a great product for a great prize you just have to smile.
Will ordwe more of this yarn no question about it."
"The yarn was what I wanted, but contained much less yarn than the description stated. I did not have enough yarn to do the project I wanted to do, so had to change patterns. I was very disappointed. If I would have known this I could have ordered more, I hope this will get corrected. This is the first think I have ordered that did not meet my expectations. Thank you."
I am making an afghan for a  Christmas gift and looked at the local stores for this shade of yarn to no avail.  I should have looked on Amazon.com first and would have saved a lot of time and gas.  I now know to look on Amazon for whatever I am looking for because I can always find it and usually save money as a prime member. I cannot thank Amazon enough.
The yarn is exactly what I was looking for & the green tones are a nice blend. It's will look good as a scarf.
"it doesn't matter what color, you can rely on this brand.  I have been making afghans, sweaters, both knitted and crocheted.  They turn into works of art.  Something you would be proud to hand down to the next generation."
"I have used a LOT of RED HEART yarn over the years but never have I used anything this stiff and unyielding. I bought this because I thought it was pretty. I knew I wanted to use it, but wasn't quite sure what I wanted to make. I ended up using it to crochet 5 squares of a 25 square blanket. This was the most difficult yarn I've ever worked with. On the bright side, my blanket is beautiful..."
"I am making an afghan with this yarn in 3 different colors for my husband. I had originally bought them in a store, but when I started running low on the colors I couldn't find them anywhere! So glad that I found them on here. But the only reason I bought them is because I needed them. If you just want this yarn, try looking in stores first for the colors you like. You will pay twice as much on here! Just be aware. Other than that, no complains! They were the same as the ones I bought at the store, they were individually wrapped in plastic, and I received them super quick! (I'll be putting this exact review on the other yarns. They are from different sellers, but they were all $6 each and packaged together.)"
Perfect match to finnish a baby blanket. Only place I could find the right color. Using Amazon has saved the day for me. Thanks
I could not find this yarn anywhere in my home town so I looked to amazon and there it was now I can finish my project for the fair just in time! Thanks
"I bought it to use in an afghan, but decided not to use it when I found it to be so much thinner in gauge than the other colors, also made by Red Heart.  I love the color and will probably use it to make a baby blanket but , I was disappointed it would not work for this project."
"This is great yarn! Came in time,nice and soft and a good price, i will need to order more to finish my project!"
"Super Saver yarn is always a little scratchy and this is no different, but I needed the hot red to finish a project and thank heavens I was able to find it on Amazon prime!"
The only thing about this yarn that I didn't like was it's not as soft as I would have preferred. I'm making a scarf with it and I was surprised at the coarseness of it. But it's very pretty yarn and very durable. I've used Red Heart brand for years and like it very much.
"Could not find this color in stores in my area and needed to finish a project.  Found on line at the right price, and it matched perfectly."
I will be ordering more of this color. I used it to make a baby blanket. Goes well with many colors.
I finished an afghan with it. I use Red Heart Super Saver Yarn for most of my projects that take yarn.
"<div id=""video-block-R21A2SLF20EL4S"" class=""a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block""></div><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/A1FD1PkzgiS.mp4"" class=""video-url""><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/81zul3ak5kS.png"" class=""video-slate-img-url"">&nbsp;This review is regarding Pink Camo yarn and not this seller or the price.

I bought this yarn because the colors caught my eye. The Red Heart Super Saver yarns start out stiff and a bit rough. As you work it the strands become softer. After a wash or two it will be much better.

As you can see by my video, the result is quite cute. I paired Pink Camo with a rosie pink to make this baby blanket. Nice product."
"I did not see the amount when I purchased it.  So I assumed it was the big pack of yarn.  No it was not and when you pay for shipping, it makes it very expensive.  I could have bought four small skeins at JoAnn Fabrics for the price."
I needed to finish a lap blanket I started and end up with enough to lengthen it to a twin size great for a dorm room
Was able to order and receive enough yarn to complete a graduation gift. Didn't have to go looking all over town it came right to my front door.
The gift card was well appreciated because the person I gave it to uses Amazon often.  I really  love the sheets of plastic canvas and the  yarn because I do alot of plastic canvas projects
it was the exact color and flecking as the yarn I was using and I needed more of the same.  Each skein was individually wrapped and clean.
"This yarn is exactly exactly the same color as in the picture, and is decent quality yarn. I've already begun using it with my new knitting needles, and it's knitting up nicely."
great general purpose yarn. Good to make stuff for kids cause it washes like iron. Use fabric softener. Brought it at Walmart for 2.77 us dollars!
"I use Red Heart yarn to make blankets for Project Linus.  http://projectlinus.org/  We work out Of Westminster senior Center, Westminster, MD."
I am so happy with this yarn.  The color is right and I wish I ordered one more.  It is perfect for my project.  I appreciate the easy payment through Paypal and the sellers quick response.  Thank you.
Being in the middle of a project and running out of a yarn color.....finding it was exactly what was needed to complete my project.
I make baby blankets and I ran out of yarn.  I couldn't find it locally and was very pleased to find it online. It arrived promptly and the color was a perfect match for my project!
I have been knitting for a long time and have always liked Red Heart yarn. My favorite source for yarn went out of business and I was delighted to find Red Heart on Amazon. Thank you.
"I like the weight of this yarn, it works up perfectly and wears well.  The best part is the way the colors stay true.  I used to be a snob about acrylic fibers but I got over that and Red Heart yarn is very reliable, if you buy a skein today and then buy one next year, it will be absolutely the same."
It was just the right color to finish my afghan. I will be placing it in the County Fair in July. Thanks for having it available. I didn't know that I could get yarn on Amazon but I found out different.
Amazon claims this measures 364 yards in length. When I got the yarn it said right on the package 244 yards. If I didn't need the yarn to complete a project I would return it. It is completely overpriced for what you get.
"I had a baby afghan I was working on and ran out of yarn, I only had 1 row and the trim to do, I couldn't find the same yarn anywhere around where I live, so I went to Amazon.com and found exactly what I needed in just a matter of minutes.  It was the perfect match to the yarn I was using and worked great."
I had this sent to my daughter in Ohio because she was half way thru a scarf and ran out. Couldn't find it anywhere but go it here.
Don't know how you rate this.  It's yarn.  I use this brand when I can because of the quality and the price.
"It wasn't the color I was looking for at the time.
But it is such a pretty color I will use it for making something else.
Fast Shipping!!"
IT  WORKS  OUT  GREAT  FOR  ME.  I  DO  A  LOT  OF  GRANNY  SQUARS  WITH  THIS.  DO  NOT  RUN  OUT  TO  FAST.
"This yarn is an exact match to one I purchased years ago, so I am very happy with it. Good quality."
Red Heart is a great quality product. My wife ran short on a project she was working on. Got perfect color match so she could finish her project.
I have used this yarn for several years and find it excellent quality for value. It is always readily available.
"The price for this product was much more than I would have paid in the store, but I needed it and could not find in any stores.  The color was slightly different although they were both light gray.  I will definitely make sure that I have enough of the necessary color before I start another project."
"The picture is totaly differant than what I received, will have to use it due have project to complete now. Love Red Heart products but the picture does not correspond with the actual product."
This yarn is exactly what I needed to finish an afghan that I had run out of yarn on and was unable to find it in any of our local stores...saved my day.  It was received in perfect condition and in a timely order.  Thanks....
"I don't know what I was thinking when I purchased this yarn. No, wait, I am crocheting a large flowery afghan, so I decided to save money by ordering a cheaper yarn. I knew it wasn't going to feel as nice as other yarns I've worked with, but I was being experimental in this project. However, I have discovered that in order to stay motivated in working on a project, I need a yarn I enjoy working with, too. You live and you learn, right?"
"First, Amazon should make the seller(s) of this yarn CORRECT the DESCRIPTION.  The solid colors are 364 yards and the multi-colors are 244 yards.  The reason the yarn is so expensive from this seller is because you are actually paying for the ""free"" shipping.  I just ordered this Super Saver Yarn from Joann Fabrics for $2.09 per 364 yard skein and actually received TRUE FREE shipping.  The yarn was on sale this week, but usually sells for $2.99 a skein, but Joann's does not always offer the free shipping.  I ALWAYS shop around before purchasing anything on the net. Just as in brick and mortar stores, YOU HAVE TO SHOP AROUND for the best deals on the net.  The yarn is nice, thick and the colors are great, but I would NOT recommend it for any baby items."
"I love red heart yarns but see others have sometimes said it was too rough but I just throw the skein or piece I worked on with 1-2 fabric softener sheets on warn in the dryer for less than 10 minuets and it comes out supple and soft. I believe when the yarn is rough it is that is has sat around longer in a hot warehouse as yarns I used myself and then stored in my hot garage as they sometimes felt a little rough also even though when I used it prior it was more supple and softer and I don't mind the extra step.
It is the heat factor as it seems to DRY it bit. It is really no problem and I don't mind using the fabric softener sheets which are very inexpensive to get yarn to work better. I have discovered this over three years ago and my work comes out great and smells good too! I highly recommend it for the price, quality, choice of colors and the speedy delivery."
Making a great  blanket for my grantdaughter.  She loves the color and the soft feel of the yarn...can't wait to finish it and give it to her
"see comment below, making a blanket for my daughter and these are one of her colors, solf, great product, thanks"
Making a baby blanket and ran out of yarn. Could not find the color I needed in the store. This was just what I needed.
"item as described fast service would buy again
priced right
packed properly
useful clean and ready to go
happy crocheting already"
I bought this for a friend she said the color was absolutely brillent and she loved it. It is true to the picture.
"I just started crocheting again and having certain colors on hand helps, this was one of them, I use only Red Heart yarn it is the very best."
Did you know Red Heart Super Saver is made in the USA?  Good sturdy yarn that washes and dries really nicely.  A terrific staple for your Yarn Pantry.
I couldn't find this particular yarn locally and was very glad to find it on line.  It helped to complete a project.
"Finally I have enough yarn to finish the blanket, panic set in when I found I had not enough to finish the project, arrived quickly in good order, thanks!"
The final product was very scratchy.  The yarn had several tie-on knots.  Two of them were only a few yards apart.
grateful i could find this yarn to continue with my project it came overnite it seemed beautiful and happy i have options to order again
"I purchased this yarn to make a scarf for my daughter, and help her learn to crochet.  Nice weight for beginners and is nice and soft for a scarf."
"I purchased this on line because it advertised the skein was 364 yards of yarn, not 244 yards. Had I known it was only 244 yards I could have purchased this at my local yarn shop for $2.99 each. Instead I paid over $6.00 each. Falsely advertised the skein was bigger than it actually is."
Was needed for a project to be completed unable to find locally. Red heart is very good quality yarn and last forever with proper care.
"I have it an okay rating. It's good yarn but a bit on the pricey side for the size. I', making a blanket & almost done the yarn now & will need lots more. It's machine washable & study though."
Color is a Bright Pumpkin Orange NOT golden yellow as shown. The color recieved is a nice orange for pumpkins and pumpkin hats so I did not return.
Came promptly and packed neatly..just what I expected and colors in the ad matched the actual color of the yarn...That's extrmemely important to me.
"I've just been using Red Heart Super Saver Camo - Pink Camo for Crochet Afghan Squares to make a picnic blanket and I am in love with the colors that mould into each other as I work up my squares. The combination of colors are really attractive. The texture is tough and sturdy so it would be ideal for making items that are used away from the skin like blankets, afghan squares, mats, wine bottle holders, purses, handbags, etc. For the price, I am enjoying what I got and can't wait to finish all of my squares with this yarn and have myself a picnic on my new afghan! Overall, I would purchase this yarn again."
Exactly what I wanted and needed.  I want working a project and needed this yarn to finish it.  Love it.
Loved that this was the second one in line to ship fast! :) Thanks guys Keep up the good work!
The only reason I didn't give this a 5 start rating is because it was not the same color as the one skein I had left over from another project.  I was just hoping it would match.  I will still make my project.  Good price.
Came in record time and was exactly what I needed so happy I found it here it was out of stock in stores
"Ok but I wish it was more soft but I like it  , the color was. Nice every body like it"
"Ok but I wish it was more soft but I like it  , the color was. Nice every body like it"
"Ok but I wish it was more soft but I like it  , the color was. Nice every body like it"
"Ok but I wish it was more soft but I like it  , the color was. Nice every body like it"
I use Red Heart a lot and the Super Saver skeins are always the best deal. I use a lot of white because I make a lot of crocheted amigurumi.
great yarn just what I expected and needed  I was able to finish the project I was working on in time
"I purchased this yarn to complete an afghan I had started a couple of years ago.  The requested colors of the afghan were Purple, Gold, and Hot Red. I needed more Red Heart Hot Red to finish the project. Though it has been about 2 years since I worked on the afghan, this order of yarn matched  perfectly. The throw turned out well, and the colors are definitely HOT!!- thanks to the HOT RED  Red Heart Super Saver Economy Yarn."
With these 3 skiens of yarn I'll be able to make a special shawl.  If it turns out the way I hope it will because of your company! 6 stars!
"Fast shipping, and good quality of yarn.  the color matched another skein I bought elsewhere.  Feels a little rough while working it, but softens quite a bit after washing."
"This is a great yarn and my father loves it
I love this yarn.
I would recommend to everybody who loves to do rugs ."
"Great,bright color. Strong and very durable yarn. Nice quality for blankets,hats,scarves or any kind of craft you have in mind. Red Heart is a good brand all in all."
"Just as ordered, I'm always happy with red heart yarn. The color matches perfectly with the yarn I already have."
"The color on this yarn was spectacular and worked up very nicely..many
compliments.  I will say I was disappointed with the feel of the
yarn...much too rough for a baby blanket.  I have used this yarn
in the past which is why I bought it and it was much softer."
"Amazon.com and Red Heart - can there be anything wrong? Timing was fast, thank you Amazon.  Product was exactly what I needed, thank you Red Heart.  Buy from the best, and you get the best."
I will use the product to finish an item I had been working on.  This product is apparently no longer manufactured  & cannot be found in local stores.
This was the perfect color for me to be able to complete my project. I use Red Heart Yarn a lot
"It's what I needed. Couldn't find this product in any of the stores, so the higher prices were okay since this color couldn't be found around here."
I only rated this 2 stars for the price. I just bought the same yarn. Same weight and length at Walmart for 2.77. That's half of the price they have it on here.
"This yarn has hot pink tones through maroon tones. It is darker than what is pictured, in general. The picture shows some pale pink areas, but none of the yarn has any pale tones. And the picture depicts more dusty rose tones, and the actual colors are mostly very deep or vibrant, with no dusty rose shades at all in it. There is more maroon than pink. I would say that it is misnamed, and would be closer to red tones, rather than pink tones. It's not a bad combination, it's just not what I expected, given the picture and the name."
"<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Red-Heart-Super-Saver-Yarn-Aruba-Sea/dp/B00281QFCG/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Red Heart Super Saver Yarn-Aruba Sea</a>Redheart Super Saver Yarn is a great yarn for many projects because they have no lot numbers. They can be found at various stores for $2.99 per skein where I live. All sellers on Amazon are ripping you off. Contact your stores to order colors you want or go to redheart online to order (though more expensive, it is still cheaper than any Amazon dealer).

As much as I love buying through Amazon and love this yarn I am disgusted by the excessive markups of this product."
"Red Heart Super Saver Yarn is a pretty great bargain. Michael's sells it for about $2.99 (I doubt it's much different at other large brand craft stores) and as you can clearly see, you get a lot for a little and there are a good deal of colors to choose from. The yarn itself is 100% acrylic - part of the reason it's so inexpensive. To some, this can be a serious drawback. Many people dislike the somewhat scratchy feel of it, and I can't blame them. It's not the softest yarn in the bunch, but who can be surprised with such a nice price? I would not recommend this yarn to use for sweaters or other clothing items. Unless you're making it for yourself and don't mind the somewhat scratchiness. (Note: a single wash can help ease the scratchiness.) Another thing to note is many people are ""yarn sensitive"" and acrylic can bother the skin. In which case, I'd look for cotton and other natural fiber yarns. But on the flip side, Red Heart Super Saver is perfect for stuffed animals, dolls, and amigurumi of that sort. It's durable, especially when you figure that you won't be throwing your amigurumi in the wash that often. I find it easy to work with, especially because it's a tight yarn and stuffed toys generally benefit from Red Heart's tightness. Unless you're making a stuffed toy for a baby to snuggle with, it's great for children's toys. And, who can forget the price! A few other drawbacks, though minor, I noted are that I tend to find a couple superficial tangles in the skeins that annoy but do not ruin the whole thing. Also, I occasionally pick up a skein that just doesn't work the way I'd like it to. For example, I bought a skein of the skin colored one and found that it just didn't work like the other skins of RHSS did. I guess there are lemons in every product, but still a bit annoying.

Overall...

PROS:
- Excellent price
- Large color palette, including some unique multicolored options
- Widespread availability
- Good for making stuffed toys/amigurumi
- Easy to work with for many
- Lot of yarn included
- Durable sans the washing machine

CONS:
- Scratchy (though one wash can help soften it up)
- Acrylic (only a con for some)
- Splices a little easier than other yarns (I repeat, you get what you pay for!!)
- Wears after a couple washes
- Occasional little tangles in the skein
- Some skeins are lemons

Overall, I recommend this yarn for someone who would like to use it for toys, not garments. Blankets and large afghans, I think it would work for that too as long as it wasn't designed to be soft or sensitive on the skin."
"The price on this yarn is great, but it is not great quality by any means.  It's very scratchy.  Also, the color is more bubble-gum pink soft petal pink like it is in the picture.  But, you can't beat the price.  It's a good yarn to practice knitting on."
"This is a great variable color yarn that ships quickly.  I've bought it from this merchant more than once, usually clearing the inventory.  Love it! :)"
Made 2 quilts for a friend with this yarn.  It is very nice and washing it is good.. comes out very nicely.
I was shocked when I got this yarn. I was looking for bright colors and that is just what I got!
The yarn was great color and fun to work with. It made some very nice dish cloths. It was a good buy.
"This yarn is great yarn. I use it all the time. I seen it on line thinking this would be great for me not to have to go to the big box store. But I purchased this yarn for 7.61 thinking this was the 14oz. Big scans when I received it, it was only 6 oz. U can buy  this at the store for only 2.59. I also purchased several colors one was the camo color said it was 10oz. In the description price 5.00 for it and when I got it, it was only 3 oz. Just a little guy. Never seen that size before. Im not sure if they pulled them wrong or what.  So I guess back to the box stores. Thanks anyways"
Right color but not good to use when making stocking caps as product does not give. It also takes quite a bit more as this yarn is very thin!!!!!
"This color is very popular here in the US and they run out of this alot I had made a sweater with this color and everyone wants one , I wish I could get it cheaper though. but overall great"
"I needed this light sage color to finish an afghan and could no longer find it at any of my local stores.  I had to finish the project by a certain date so went to Amazon.com and there it was.  Good price and reasonable shipping charge.  If I could have found it locally, of course, I wouldn't have had to pay for shipping at all, but when you absolutely have to have something, it's nice to be able to find it.  It arrived well before the date estimated by the vendor too."
I needed this because was making a blanket and stores decided to discontinue selling the color. was fast and matched exactly what i was using before so was able to finish blanket
"Red Heart Super Saver yarn is a good quality, inexpensive yarn. It is a bit scratchy, however, and can irritate your skin while you knit or crochet with it. The pull skeins always give me trouble, too. They rarely work like they are supposed to and they become a tangled mess towards the end. But, in the end, you get a nice-looking project that holds its shape through multiple washings.

Paddy Green is the perfect shade for all of your St. Patrick's Day craft projects!"
"Red Heart Super Saver yarn is a good value. It's cheap, durable and washes well. The downsides are that it's scratchy and can irritate your skin when you knit or crochet with it. The pull skeins often don't work or become very tangled towards the end.

I've used this particular color (Turqua) in a few projects and love its bright hue."
"I wouldn't use this for clothing, but if you make toys (amigurumi especially), this stuff is great!  Amigurumi is meant to be worked tight, using a C hook and WW yarn will do that for you.  It gives you a nice stiff toy that hides stuffing well.  A little goes a long way as well because you are using a smaller than recommended hook.  As I said, it's not perfect for every project, but for toys, it's the best!"
"This yarn isn't as nice looking at the picture, but it's good enough for the price.  I am familiar with the brand so I knew what to expect.  On the other hand, it's a nice color and it's easy to wash and care for."
"Red Heart Super Saver Yarn in Candy Print knitted up to be the cutest toddler's hat ever. I crocheted on some contrasting trim, and the result was awesome.

This yarn might seem just a trifle stiff when you first finish your project, but I guarantee that one quick wash with some fabric softener will make it absolutely luscious.

I am ultra-satisfied with this yarn and would use it again for another project!"
"I'm knitting with the zebra-colored Red Heart yarn now. It looks great so far. The grays and blacks and whites are zigzag-ing as I knit; at times they blend in with each other on the scarf I'm making, and other times they are solid and don't.

My favorite thing about Red Heart yarns is that you get a lot of yarn considering how much you paid for it, as opposed to yarn from any other company. Other brands like Lion Brand and Patons are just about the same quality, but more expensive per yard. Walmart and craft stores like Michael's and JoAnn Fabrics probably has the best prices. With Red Heart yarns, you can plan to make a big project without paying $30 or something just on yarn.

On the other hand, it IS acrylic yarn, and from what I've been told, the items you knit or crochet wear out a little over time. Acrylic is synthetic and cheaply made, so after a few years, I think little fuzzy balls spring up from the work. If you want to make something that'll still look excellent in 10 years, get wool yarn. But if you want some inexpensive yarn that you can put in the washing machine without a problem, get Red Heart super savers. The choice is yours..."
"I really like it... It's light, soft and the actual colours correspond to the computer image... The yarn is extra big in a very economical price.."
"I buy Red Heart Super Saver yarn because I can get a lot for a little, but it's honestly not my favorite yarn.  It's rough, although it softens up a bit in the wash.  I prefer yarn that is soft to the touch right out of the skein.  I also don't think it wears well.  After a few washes, it begins to look a little ragged.

Super Saver does have some redeeming qualities.  It is cheap, and easier for a beginner to work with than some of the specialty yarns that sometimes require us to work by feel.  The colors are consistent from skein to skein.  When they say no dye lot, they mean it.  I have never had trouble mixing old and new yarns.  The colors always match.

PROS:
+ inexpensive
+ no dye lot
+ easy for beginners to work with

CONS:
- feels rough but will soften up a little in the wash
- doesn't wear well over time

I personally wouldn't choose this yarn to make a gift.  I sometimes buy it for whatever reason and always regret it, because then I'll have a stash I need to use up.  They're okay for adult blankets or stuffed animals.

____________________

UPDATE:  Try as I might to get away from it, I still use a lot of Super Saver and the pile grows.  I make the most of it by combining the colors.  I'm horrible at that, so I use the colors on other patterns and make my own pattern with those colors.  Try mixing this grey heather with burgundy, aran and black.  In the right combination, the burgundy will pop from the background, softened by the aran and grey."
"I am sure that this is the yarn you need for this color.  I picked it & am not unhappy about it.

I have been able to use this yarn in crochet, knitting, home applications & outdoor ones.  It is a very versatile yan

I would recommend it with a heart beat."
it is a great brand of yarn and i am pleased to have it available to me on my favorite site.
Very pleased with this purchase!!
Very very great yarn .. I will order more
Love this yarn. Love Red Heart.
"Loved it, fun colors. My husband calls it dragon fire lol. I hope my lil nephew will like it."
matched
Love this yarn but have since found a lot cheaper at Walmart so buy it there now
Nice color for pussycat hats
The yarn was fine. Realized it cost more. However many colors not available locally.
I love this color of pink
Good product
"I purchased the color Jade. Its exactly the color I was expecting. It's like a deeper emerald or a rich brighter hunter green. Not many pretty colors were available in the green shade. Happy to see new shades in deeper greens.
 It looks really nice used with fresh mint and pale rose, looks vintage."
"Love this color, yet hard to find in stores... Even at $5.61, I ordered 5 as I use this color a great deal. Was sad to see that the price has went up twice since I ordered it."
This Baby Pink yarn is terrible! As I have been using it there are thin strands that are barely held together. There are strands that are totally frayed and I had to improvise as I was crocheting! Very disappointed. I have other skeins in many colors and not one of them is like the that.
"I am a crocheter,  go thru tons of yarn.  Red heart super saver is one I use a large amount of.  Beautiful colors and a nice reliable yarn.  Well continue to buy and recommend to others."
I gave a 1Star bc the striped pattern that was created was nice. With that said this yarn split while crocheting making it horrible to work with.  I also saw  this identical name brand and colors in a fav store for half the price.  Not buying this yarn again
"I wish the yarn pull was easier though they gave ""instructions"",it still didn't come out the way purposed. Yet this is still one of the standard yarn that I depend on-excellent brand."
I will buy this again.  Great yarn.
Good Quality As Always.
I love this yarn and will buy it again.
"Hot Red is a bright red without too much orange.  On its own the color is a bit garish but not unbecoming.  To supplement other colors it becomes much prettier.  I also bought Cherry and Flamingo, a darker red and a mauve-ish red.

Other colors I bought are Pool, Denim, Gold, Hunter Green, Guava, Lavender, and Oatmeal.  They all pretty much resemble the photo.  The quality and gauge are pretty consistent among these colors.

Super Saver is not the best yarn to make finer knit garment and accessories because it is not silky soft (Red Heart Soft and With Love are better suited).  However, to practice and to make blankets these skeins are great.  I like them better than the similar yarn from Caron."
I love these yarns I just wish they are a little softer though
Made a beautiful neck scarf !
The texture
I love this yarn.  It's extremely soft and I love the feel to it. The colors are even more exciting! This definitely  makes a awesome scarf. I recommend this yarn.
"I love the neon stripes, it is so cool. I just love the colors. I started my own business online designing a few cool products with this neon stripes and other neon and bright color yarns. I'm disabled and need to earn some extra income. This is perfect for my business that I named NEON KNITS. ;-)"
Very interesting color! I took a chance buying it online and was worried it would be more brown than dark reddish.  I needed a dark Burgundy color for a Virginia Tech throw for my step dad.  This color worked *perfectly*!!!  It was super easy to work with. I highly recommend this yarn!
"Red Heart Yarn is a reliable, mid-price yarn that is useful for many knit and crochet projects.  The special feature of this yarn is that it is red, white and blue variegated.  But, be warned, you need to know a bit about ""color pooling"" in order to produce a pleasing color pattern.  Or, you can just go ahead and get an abstract pattern of red, white and blue."
I like that I was able to get all the same dye lot.
It is quality  yarn and in the color I ordered. what's to say
This was perfect. Glows under black light. Was perfect for making a glowing lazer beam maze.  Hope they keep making this one for a long time! I'll probably order again!
Soft good quality!
Exactly what was needed to finish a project!
"Red Heart is always great yarn.  This is my go to yarn for aghans & cardigans.  It was a little darker than the same color yarn used for a current project, picked out of a box of yarn but it works for me!  Don't know how many years I had the prior yarn & the yarn people will tell you to make sure you pick enough for your project.  Oh well, it still works!  Very happy & very grateful that Amazon sells this yarn - live in the boonies so no shopping choices!"
This is a beautiful color. The gray is more like a silver. I loved it.
Great price with it on sale and goes well with a variegated Ive run out of
Made a beautiful rug for my living room.
Beautiful color!
"Beautiful yarn, lovely colors. The softer acrylic."
Super dark brown.  Wish it was a little lighter.
Pretty color yellow but super rough.
Love it.
Lovely reddish brown.  Perfect for the craft I had in mind.  Red Heart gives me good value and the colors are vivid.
"I bought this yarn for my 90 year. old mom who wanted to make an afghan for me.  I think the colors are really pretty.  There's mostly yellow, two shades of green, purple, blue and fuchsia.  My mom loves to crochet even though she only remembers how to do double crochet.

My mom loved working with this self striping yarn.  She said it was fun.  It's relatively soft although I think a knitted afghan would be softer.

I will post a picture as soon as I know this review has gone live.

I will treasure this afghan forever!"
This was for some that needed it.
"made Hats and Scarves, loved the feel!"
Was very pleased. Color was perfect match and I finished my afghan.
It is very fine. Not as described. It seems more like a thick string than yarn.
Knit this together with a contrasting space dyed yarn. Looks nice and is a good weight.
as expected
as expected
"For my daughter, needed color for a knitting project."
fine
Color matched my project and I'm satisfied with that
Nice yarn. Good value
Opened package to find yarn had been cut in several places
"Great quality Red Heart Super Saver yarn as usual. I bought 10 skeins of different colors. I took off 1 star for the price. My local craft store sells this size Red Heart skein for $4.99 each, but doesn't have 112 colors!! Great color selection, free shipping, just a bit pricey."
Great purchase! Good quality! Would buy again!
"This was given as a gift, recipient was pleased.  Thanks!"
Nice quality yarn. Nice to work with.
So soft and I love the color!
just  what I  needed
"its yarn, was what I expected."
Pretty
Love it
thanks
"This is beautiful yarn at a really horrible price.  For $7+ I thought I was getting three skeins and it even said that in the description (or so I thought).  Alas, no.  So the yarn is nice, the price is not.  Don't be fooled."
love this color
"I gave this yarn 5 stars. 1.) For ease of access. Not only on Amazon but also found at Walmart, Target, Michaels, Joanns, and Hobby Lobby. So, if you run out the day before having to gift the item your crafting you don't have to wait if shipping. 2.) Price. This is not expensive yarn. 3.) Quality. It lasts! Colors do not bleed. Does not fade. It is easy to care for. Quite soft once washed. 4.) Variety of colors! 5.) Free patterns! They are quality patterns that work up nicely."
Great colors for boy or girl. Just wish I could have ordered more than 4 skeins - it was a lightening deal.
Amazing yarn
This yarn was perfect to crochet on the tops of my kitchen towels.
I got the color I wanted and needed.  Nothing was wrong with it
"I get this for my 86 year old Mom.  She is a knitting queen.  Red Heart is the only yarn she will use.  Says its easy to use, and does not knot up like others. Nice and soft when her blanket throws are finished."
Pretty pink color
The cost of this Zebra color is ridiculous.  REALLY......3 times the normal cost.  Just a ripoff.
Wife extremely happy good price
This color is discontinued I do believe the price is higher that in the stores but for granny who has dementia but has not forgot this color and who is still crocheting it is worth me buying for her just to be happy. As long as she can still crocheting I feel like we are giving Alzheimer a good fight. So I would say it is worth the extra few dollars .
"I used this yarn to make hats and scarves during the holidays.  I gifted them to friends and received rave reviews.  Or course, I made a set for myself and was very happy with the quality of the yarn.  Highly recommend."
Very good quality.  Vibrant colors. Use red heart only!!!
I use this color to make afghans for my grand children and can't find local
I love red heart yarn! its so cheap to buy on here and gives me a break from going to the stores to buy it
"Im happy with my order, received it very fast to get started on my project!"
"Been using Red Heart for fifty years. Different colors have different textures: black, coffee, Navy, cherry red are thicker than orchid, pinks, yellows, etc.  Also, the color sequence for Americana is different now. The length of each color.is ten times longer than before. To get the old red/white/blue shorter sequence you have to use the more expensive ""Team Spirit"". But Red Heart is still my favorite."
Quick delivery. Rolls were brand new.
I mailed it back. The yarn itself was fine. BUT it was way too bright to be considered Baby Pink.
I knitted 2 sweaters with this yarn and loved it.  Thank you.
"This color (Hot red) is more orange than I expected.  Also this color is thicker and dryer than Cherry Red.  I don't know how it can be drier, but that is the word that comes into mind when I am struggling with it. I am not able to work with thick yarns.
  That is the frustrating thing about Red Heart Yarns - each color is a different thickness even though they all say # 4 worsted wt.  Makes it hard to choose colors for a project cause you have to know which ones are which size."
"The yardage,is very deceiving. This is extremely expensive for the amount of yarn in the skein. I was expecting 364 yards many others who ordered it, but the actual skein is 236 yards. I will never order yarn from Amazon again."
i thought super savers were bigger. these were pretty small considering the price. plus shipping.
"I love this color and this is a great kin of yarn, love it for the texture and softness and Amazon is where I prefer to get it because it is not being sold in stores anymore. Recommend."
great
"Exactly the color I was looking for!  I absolutely love working with Red Heart Super Saver yarn and was unable to find this color at my local craft stores. It always crochets up nicely in whatever item I am making!&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/RED-HEART-Super-Saver-Yarn-Hunter-Green/dp/B000Y00DDK/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">RED HEART Super Saver Yarn, Hunter Green</a>"
It serves my purpose.
Love Red Heart yarn
Exactly as advertised
Its a bright orange but perfect for my project.
"This yarn is probably fine for kids' craft projects and maybe some lessons in the most basic of knitting or crochet stitches, but it was a poor choice for crocheting a hat. It's not soft at all, and it's so very inelastic. Even having made my gauge swatch, I ended up with a hat that was too big simply because the ribbing didn't hug in like it was supposed to. It stayed stiff and extended. I made the exact same pattern with an alpaca yarn and it came out beautifully, but the hat from this yarn I'll chalk up to a learning experience."
Needed more yarn as I ran out and it was the perfect color to continue my project. I couldn't find it in stores so I was happy to find it online.
Soft and worked perfect for my project.
This yarn made a beautiful hat and scarf. You won't be unhappy with this product. I have bought several skeins and they have all been very nice!
nice yarn
always happy with red heart
Not pleased I order three balls yarn for 15 I needed one more and had pay 8. Some bs
Nice yarn used for loom hat and crochet decorations for xmas tree
lots of parts of the yarn bunched up
Love the color!
Red heart is my favorite yarn to use. Very durable and soft.
Patriotic yarn was quite rough.
"Huge amount for a great price. Its a little rough but for a beginner like me to practice with its great. Plus, I wouldn't mind a throw using it. I just wouldn't use it in a sweater."
"I bought this to make holiday pompoms. I love it. The color takes a while to switch which allowed for chunks of solid color. It is standard super saver texture, maybe even softer then I remember it being. The size or yardage is also standard. I love it and will probably buy another for my stash!"
I thought that this was the larger size skein because the description said ECONOMY but it turned out being the regular size skein (I didn't know the size by ounces at the time). Just so everyone will know... I would of never paid over $7.00 for what I could of got for $3.00 at Walmart. My bad!
Loved it
"Great color, not easy to find in my area.  Fast shipping, good price."
Great yarn.
best yarn
Perfect for crocheting a baby blanket and plush for my nephew!
Id use this yarn asap.
"Beautiful and a great deal, plan to use it to make a Lost Souls shawl (skulls) free pattern on ravelry."
This was a perfect gift for my grandma although I thought it was just black and white it also has a blue grey in it if you look closely
"Pros:. The price is great, and there seems to be a lot of yarn.  Bright color

Cons:. It's not soft at all and is thinner than many other yarns.  It's down right scratchy."
"Generally, Red Heart is dependable and consistent, but this skein had a bunch of knots in it. That made it difficult to work with because I had to stop and untangle them. The yarn itself is still good, though."
"Great price, super soft yarn. Love it!"
Thank you!
Nice yarn and good color.
I liked the product but have discoverd it was wsyyyyy overpriced!!!
It was exactly what I wanted. It came quickly than expected. Thanks for the order.
"This yarn should not be called ""glow"" anything.  It is misleading.  I would not have purchased it had I known it does not glow."
"First yarn I bought at my local in-person shop. I bought it there for the price (which, quite a bit cheaper from Walmart) but the color was lovely and the material was strong and well made, so far no knots or frays (I haven't gone through the whole skein yet) and this particular color is one of my favorites. I recently bought the same brand's 'coffee' color yarn, and it seems the same quality. great bang for your buck if you're looking to crochet or knit for a decent price"
Bright colors in this yarn are perfect for making projects for children. I used it to make socks for my niece. I'm sure she will love them.
No complaints.
"Wife made a baby blanket for the Great-Great grandbaby and some other gifts for Christmas. She's very happy with Red Heart.

I on the other hand think this is an awful color!! LOL"
Really pretty yarn. Just as described. Very nice.
good
This yarn was way to small for the money
This is a wonderful blue color. I wish it was available in With Love but this good.
It is impossible to find this in stores! Its a great yarn to make Christmas things out off! Its not hard to work with and even a beginner like me can make something!
"I started an afghan last year, started other projects and forgot about it. I just re-started the project only to find out I ran out of this yarn-I am using 3 colors. I went to Michaels and JoAnn's but could not find the color. I tried to use another variegated green but it did not blend well with the other colors. I decided to try AMAZON and I was pleasantly surprised to find the yarn, however I was not sure if it was the correct color-after enlarging the image it seemed to have the colors I needed; even though the price was higher than what it sells elsewhere I went ahead and ordered 2 skeins. I was SO happy when I opened the box and saw that it matched perfectly. It was well worth paying extra because now I can finish my afghan. Thank you Amazon, I always say if you cant find it on Amazon it doesn't exist anywhere else. :)"
"Super Saver yarn is a good bargain: this batch was kinda knotty, and as always splitty, but for big projects for which drape isn't an issue (like the tree skirt I needed it for - 10 skeins of RH SS solids) its fine."
I'm working on an afghan for my nephew and it is turning out great!  The yarn is good quality.  Definitely will buy again
"Great yarn.  I have been using it to make lap robes for disabled vets.
I also use it for hats, scarfs, blankets for kids beds and great
for afghans -- cozy ones to keep in the tv or living room to keep
warm these cold nights while watching tv."
I loved it!!
Reliable Red Heart.
Great yarn
The Desert yarn made a beautiful knitted hat!
"Great yarn, with great color"
Good thread
I ordered because it stated it was light grey. It's more silver and does not match a light grey I was already working with.
As advertised
Great
"Good quality yarn for a variety of uses in arts & crafts, knitting & crochet."
Good quality yarn for a variety of uses.
Met my expectations
good quality
Fabulous yarn. Easy to crochet with!
"Great color, will be buying more.  Came well packaged and on time."
"the skein was a lot smaller than I expected, one won't be enough for my project."
great for cheaper yarn of medium weight.
Red Heart is always my go to when I am knitting afghans.
love red heart - got item quickly - right color!
great colors
Thanks
Love working with this variegated yarn either single or double strand for a colorful look. Would definitely purchase again.
Great buy for projects :)
Easy to use. Soft to the touch.
I got this to finish a very colorful afghan.  It worked very well.
It was terrible.  It consisted of very rough yarn that was not in one piece skeins - in three or four foot pieces periodically throughout.  Very disappointed.  Have used super saver for years and never bought such inferior yarn.  Will think twice before buying again.
Just the color I needed. Worked perfectly.
"Rhss , always great quality"
Satisfied
This yarn is horrible! Color is beautiful and the price is good but I found several small knots and it's extremely fuzzy! I have others by the same brand that are fine but this one is awful
"I have bought this yarn previously (Aran) and was satisfied.  I recently bought two skein and found them totally flawed.  Consistanly varied as to the width, the twist and one skein was knotted twice.  I will never again purchase Red Heart 4 ply again.  Where was the quality control?
On to another brand.

Milli"
Great roll
good yarn
Great and arrived early
Very nice yarn to work with.
Love this yarn. Hooe to be getting more soon.
Beautiful
Love the colors
Very expensive small skein of yarn.
Great!
Thank you!!!! SO tired of driving around to X amount of stores searching for this colour!
"Description said 364 yard., What I received is 235 yards this is not what I paid for"
Love this yarn
Love this  color.  I  am  currently  making  hair  headbands  on  my  round  loom.
"My daughter does a lot of projects and has recently been doing a lot of crocheting and macrame. We are a half hour from the nearest yarn store and I don't want to drive that far to get a single skein of yarn when she runs out of a color! So she tried Red Heart on Amazon and is very happy with it. It's soft, and the price is unbelievable for such a large skein. I order from Amazon often so it's no problem that it's an add-on item. We'll be buying more Red Heart yarn."
Just what I needed to finish a project
beautiful.
Exactly what I needed to finish a project.
I love the wild and crazy colors.  It was exactly as I expected.  The only problem was that the yarn split easily.  But I would buy it again.
It is not like the color pictured.  I was disappointed.  If you're not looking for a perfect color match it's okay.
Way over priced for one small skein of yarn. I thought it was the jumbo with a charge of over 7 dollars a skein
i like it soft yarn
Thank you so much. The color is gorgeous!
"Perfect for my crafting needs. Strong yarn and bright, saturated color."
very soft yarn
Easy to work with
i wish to it was a larger  roll
Nice
Perfect
Red Heart Yarn is always a good value. I use this to make eyes and details for some of my work. I soften and dry the yarn before working with it and Red Heart softens up very nicely!
I am making a quilt and this is one of the colors I wanted to use.
Arrived in timely fashion and color was what I had expected
Quick safe shipping. Perfect dye match. My project is finished. Thank you.
"Great yarn for beginners and experienced knitters alike. The vivid colors add a pop to any project, and the yarn is relatively soft, making it great for scarves and other cool-weather wear. I knit a scarf in stockinette stitch with this, and I would say the color led to an interesting pattern of stripes in it."
"Just  be warned.  This ""Oatmeal"" is really a light steel gray. It's no Oatmeal I've ever seen."
"A favorite brand of yarn in a wonderful color.  I am making a shawl for a woman who loves purple.  It is almost finished, just in time for fall, and I think that she will love the shawl and its color."
Great quality. Worth the price
I used this vibrant color in a blanket for my friend from Mexico.  She loves bright colors.  So this made her very happy
The color for what I needed is exact!
"i was disappointed as both skeins of yarn had some yarn unraveled, and all knotted."
"I make lots of afghans and a lot of them are seasonal and make great gifts, so Fall colored yarn is prefect for my afghan goals!!"
"perfect,  I always use Red Heart"
:)
yarn is nice and soft. The colors are vibrant.
"I use this for making amiguriami projects.  I've used Simply Soft for the soft feel but the Red Heart holds the shape much better due to the yarn being a bit stiffer.

This is typically an inexpensive yarn and many designers prefer using it when making stuffed toys.

I would recommend this product.."
Bought it for my mother when she ran out of this color and called me to demand I find this super specific exact color.  She knitted a scarf out of it so it must have been alright.  Disclaimer: I know nothing about knitting.
"This striping yarn is a joy to work with! I am using the crocodile stitch pattern with it and the results are STUNNING!&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/RED-HEART-Super-Saver-Yarn-Neon-Stripes/dp/B01FV60S0E/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">RED HEART Super Saver Yarn, Neon Stripes</a>"
Just what I needed
It matched my project perfectly.
Bought this for Mim who crochets afghans. Now we can get the shade she wants in large quantity.
Nice colors.
"Love working with Red heart, and I use this all the time."
perfect - couldn't find that color at the store
Just what I needed.
LOVED THE YARN
"It matched our color we were looking for exactly and we are now able to complete our afgan.
Many thanks for your help!
Peggy Churchill"
Exactly what I needed to finish my project.
In love with the yarn. I have bought this 3 or 4 times. Great for rainbow art projects. One project is in the picture.
Very happy with the color.  Love working with Red Heart  yarn. Been using this brand since I started  crocheting.
"For a value yarn it is very soft and strong. Good stretch and works up well. The colors are vibrant and I haven't had any trouble with colorfastness or bleeding. All in all, a very good yarn for the frugal knitter."
stripes to far apart could not use it
satisfied
"A bit course, but gets the job done! I kean, not bad for the price."
Very pretty color. No knots in skein
"Very nice yarn.  easy to use, keeps it's shape and color doesn't fade"
Exactly what I was looking for.
Good quality. Color is same as pictured. Great brand.
Came as expected. Trusted brand. Arrived super fast. Completely satisfied.
Nice quality.  Incredible price.  Delivered on time.  Already got my sweater pattern picked out.  Thnx Amazon.
Nice yarn for my projects.
Always loved Coats Red Heart yarn for my projects.
"Quick shipment, great deal. Thank you."
"Horrible yarn. Inconsistent from skein to skein; some will be relatively soft and okay to work with, and the next will be much thicker and rougher, which will cause gauge to be inconsistent. The rougher texture will also be uncomfortable to work with. There is good reason this yarn is cheaper than others. Go for a better yarn and you will enjoy working your project much more, and the end result will be far superior."
yarn is yarn
I ordered 10 skeins of this yarn and every skein has two to three places where they had tied it together.  I cannot use it for certain projects I wanted to because of that.
It was the color that I needed.
Good products
"This is a great yarn! However, I must note that the black yarn tends to have a different ""spongy"" texture compared to the other super saver economy yarn colors. This change in texture may affect your gauge to a degree. I'm' not sure why, but certain colors of this yarn are like that and have that strange texture."
Great!
Very economical yarn for knitting pussy hats. It's a good value.
Great value for the money & colors really terrific!
good
Perfect. Discontinued color my mother in law needed for a project. So thankful to find it for her.
"Amazon, as usual, was great and replaced the damaged yarn I received.  The last four Red Heart yarn skeins I have purchased have had issues.  One went from three strand down to two then finally down to only one strand that was tied to the remaining yarn.  The damaged part was at about 3/4s of the way in so when I got to it I had to unravel the rest of the skein to finish my project.  The shocking pink in this order had a huge tangle deep inside due to a part that looked like it had been over-wound.  It was tied off to the rest of the skein like the other.  In fact, I have found two more that had tie offs in the middle of the skeins.
I still like the yarn because it is very easy to work with and generally a great bargain but the mistakes in the manufacturing process are beginning to make it not so much of a bargain when I have to take so much time messing with the yarn instead of enjoying crocheting."
"BUYER BEWARE. Right in the middle of this skein was a knot with frayed ends. As in, they two two length of yarn and tied them together. So, halfway through a piece that was to be a gift, I have a knot."
Perfect.  Just what I needed to finish my project.
"I'm making a ripple afghan out of this yarn.
Way too much black.
Hmmm, everyone else that sees the blanket likes it tho."
Exactly what my grandma wanted and the perfect color.
This will make a very pretty scarf!
I do not know if this yarn glows under a black light I wasn't concerned with that when I purchased it.
Love this yarn. I buy from Hobby Lobby. Have all the brands and then some.
Awesome colors for Christmas stockings.
Great product.
"I only use Red Heart yarn. It's easy to get, easy to work with and washes up beautifully!"
Great quality!
"I am a huge fan or red heart yarns.  They never fray, lightweight and easily washed.  Probably the best quality yarn.  This color is also very nice!"
"I am a huge fan or red heart yarns.  They never fray, lightweight and easily washed.  Probably the best quality yarn.  This color is also very nice!"
"This was bought for a project I'm doing for my granddaughter for Christmas this year. The color is bright and happy for a 2-year-old. From past experience with Red Heart yarns, it washes well and wears well. The yarn is good for knitting, crochet, and plastic canvas. I bought this in an economical package of two. The price is reasonable for a fine product."
This yarn is quality and comes in a large size. Red Heart packaged two of these in a plastic bag for economy. This is the third time I've purchased Red Heart Super Saver yarn in an economy package and love the savings.
It was exactly what I was looking for.
"i have not used this yarn yet,  but the color is great!"
"Needed this color to finish a Big project and it was unavailable in nearby stores.
Great yarn to work with, strong, doesn't split, or pill. This is a great yarn to work with and affordable."
"I changed the pattern I was going to make when I bought some of this yarn locally, and needed several more skeins. I got exactly what I needed!"
As shown
Perfect
"great value, great color"
Not as soft as others I've bought in the past.
"It was fine, well-packaged.  Thanks to my error, I had to order it 2x because I needed 2 skeins, not one. But that was not Amazon's fault."
"Nice quality, would use again."
"This may not be the softest yarn, but it's not a bad texture and is a lot of value for the money."
I had a skein but needed a second one. This is an exact match and I was happy to find it.
Over priced for product
"Overpriced for the size, this product can be found at Wal-Mart for half the price, when I read economy size for 8 bucks would have been a good price if it was in fact economy size which it is not"
Good yarn.
"This yarn is very good quality, and was packeged well. The colors are soft and muted. However, I have made at least one hundred stitches and still have not gotten to the purple. It is mostly green. There are large sections of the same color, making the color variations awkward. It looks like I used several different skeins of solid color, instead of verigated."
love love love this color
Way too expensive. When I saw supersaver I thought it would be a larger skein. Can buy that in the stores here for half the price.
Love the color !!!  best purchase.  I made a blanket came out great
"Why is it when I purchased this product on April 20th I received 3 skeins and when I repurchased on the 26th, for the same price, I only received 1 skein?"
don't like this movie I don't speak  germen.
this is my moms rug I'm making her
I called red heart and complained about the inferior quality of this yarn.  Red heart apologized and I am waiting for a new supply of it to come to market
"I love Red Heart yarns, I always use them. I got two of the white ones because they are not the jumbo size, and they weren't that much per skein. The material is good and affordable, I can usually make one project with the skein. Also, there's usually a pattern project on the inside of the label. Great for knitting or crocheting. I buy them at Walmart, but got them at Amazon for a bit less. I use the white yarns to make big eyes for animal motifs for hats and headbands and stuff."
"Looks darker than it was but will use for another project, love the brand of yarn"
"This yarn is a bit rough and thin, but I suppose that's what you get for the price!"
item as described
Great value.
"The product is good. There are some tangles sometimes in the middle. Keep in mind that Walmart sells this item for $1.88, so unless you are opposed to Walmart, it is often far cheaper to get this item there. I have seen it two or three times the cost, even as an add-on item."
Knew what I was ordering and received it as promised
"I love the yarn and colors but don't know why I was charged $11.27 when it is listed at $7.87 Prime. I thought it was a larger roll, Small roll not worth either price!"
Love this color
Great price and good quality!
This yarn is amazing!! It's a good amount of soft yarn for a low price. Love it!
Exactly what I needed
"I just plain love yarn and buy this brand most often. Never have problems within the roll, and the picture seems to be true to color."
perfect for making yarn wigs for cancer kids
Thank you so much....just what I needed.
"The yarn did its purpose. However, I was a bit upset that there were several ""chunks"" in each roll where it bunched up and became a wad... as though it unraveled."
Beautiful  c o l or and super soft
"Arrived quickly, exactly what I need. 4 nephews who love hunting & fishing, are all getting their own camo blanket for Christmas this year! Expect me to purchase again. Can't find this yarn in my local store, so I was SO happy to get this!"
Good color
good value
Needed additional black to finish a project and this blended in very well.
It came! I love it! 
Pretty color. Shipped promptly
I love this yarn! Really fun to work with.
"Nice light yarn for making hats, scarves and slippers. The kids I gave them to loved them."
"I'm not a fan of this brand of yarn, I won't buy it again, but that is just my personal preference. It snags and unravels a lot more that the yarn I am used to."
Quality product.  Love the price
Great product. Thank you.
Great for making those WOMEN'S MARCH hats!!
Delivery took a few days but it was worth it!
Was as expected
like it
"Super product, price and fast shipping.  Thanks."
"I love this yarn for amigurumi. It's stiff enough that it doesn't stretch or split when using small needles and tight stitches as you do for amigurumi crochet, and cheap enough (especially when it goes on sale at the craft stores, which it often does) that I can stock up on whatever colors catch my eye to tuck away for future projects. I just wish they'd come out with a good ""flesh"" shade for making toys!"
"Pleased with order, was delivered in a timely manner"
I'm not a big fan of Red Heart. It just doesn't hold up well with wearable garments
These are bigger than I expected(which is a good thing)The color a is brown(coffee)
"Its a good quality yarn. I bought the red color and its a beautiful red. I am new to the crochet world,learning and experimenting. I made a hat and bootie with this yarn to gift and it turned out great. Will purchase more."
"It was difficult to find this color yarn when hats were being knitted across the country for the Women's March on Washington and all the marches/town halls, etc. to follow.  I was thrilled to find just what I needed.  FYI - two hats can be knitted from one skein."
"Using this yarn to make some yoga socks for my mom for her birthday! She loves the color and has already tried the finished one on and likes the feel of the yarn! The mix of black grey and white is done nicely and is a perfect go to if you're not sure on what color to use on a project! Red Heart has been my family's go to for yarns for as long as i can remember! my Granny was an excellent crocheter and a big fan of Red Heart! Even though I went the other way and learned to knit, I'm glad to say I happily keep this tradition a live! :) I have some other yarns I use too but Red Heart is definitely a top favorite!"
lovely yarn...used it for a beginners crochet class...the different colors kinda helped me...crochet is hard...maybe I am more of knitter
Good yarn for the price.
Just graet I love how the color change wile I knitt with it
"Great quality, same yarn you would get from Michaels just cheaper price"
Same yarn you would buy from Michaels but cheaper.
great seervice
"Good yarn, good price"
Love it
Love it!!!
Perfect for the project made two pink hats with ears.
Great price fast delivery.  Love red heart yarn
"The RED Heart Super Saver Economy Yarn, Aran was exactly what I wanted.  It came at exactly the time that I needed it.  Nothing you did could have been any better. Love it."
Almost done with this cute hat. :) I used all red heart 4ply yarn. Love this type of yarn.
thanks
thanks
Nice size skien...nice bright color. Can't go wrong with Red Heart super saver yarn. Reccomended!  Thanks
Great yarn!  Supports the Red Cross too!
Have to order more love it
Smaller skein than I thought I'd get but nice scarf-weight.
Love this color. It stands out and is great to work with
Good price prompt delivery
"I was disappointed with the colors in this yarn. They are a very dulled out version of the pinks/reds in Red Heart's Candy colorway.
I had hoped for clear, possibly also bright pinks, not the blah versions it is. Who'd've thought shades of pink could be boring?
I still gave three stars because the quality of the yarn itself, and the spacing of the color changes, is high up there with all of Red Hearts' acryllic yarn that I've ever used."
"love the color, will work for new pattern"
awesome color no matter what is matched to it ... and very soft ... fun to work with ..
This particular skein of yarn was SO thin compared to others of the same exact brand.
Red Heart is always great yarn. Good value for the money.
"I picked this color due to description ""Measures 364-yards length"" yet only 236. I cannot do the project I needed it for with this yardage."
excellent
Just what the doctor ordered!  Good price and the right product.
Love th quality of this yarn!  Easy to use in projects.
Perfect match to my other skein of yarn
The color was exactly what I needed.
"An American standard of yarns !  This is the yarn that my grandmother first taught me to crochet with when I was four years old.  It still holds a dear place in my heart.  Great colors and holds up wonderfully even after years and years of washing and drying.  I have an afghan I made when I was eight years old.  It is a little bit wonky, since I was only eight years old.  The whole afghan isn't Red Heart but the larger majority of it is, and you can tell which yarn is the Red Heart yarn.  It has held up after all these years."
like
All things good or I would not be a returning customer.
Love this!
Love the way this yarn looks. It's awesome.
Just what expected
Too rough.  Need softer tarn.
Beautiful colors...just what I was looking for !
I loved this yarn for some reason it was so soft Red heart usually not this soft and the price was great I needed a lot to make my Granddaughter a afghan and it came out great I will buy more
True to color and softer than normal super saver!
Best price for such yarn.
Right price
I am making an afghan for myself with other colors. I remember in high school when I used to make the granny square and will use this as the last row to offset the other brighter colors along with cream to make it cheerful & bright. Red Heart makes a nice yarn. Thanks!
Good quality yarn.
"Strong, easy to work with. Nice large skein"
Good
"I am knitting my brother a scarf for the winter and had run out of yarn. I found the exact same yarn from Red Heart here on Amazon. Now I have enough to finish his scarf and to make one for our daughter as well! Beautiful colors in the blended yarn that range from cream to a dark tan, making it a perfect scarf that will go with any color they may choose to wear."
Thank you
"Red heart yarn was a bargain,used to make slippers,turned out great. Brand that speaks for its self,I order red heart on a regular basis,won't disappoint."
My sister made the hat for me so I can't speak to how this yarn was to work with but the hat was just what I wanted.
Good deal.
Making a slouch hat with the yarn. Love the colors.
Great yarn and great price!
very pretty.  good delivery service.
"This yarn is soft and I found it easy to work with. I love the flecks of color. To me, it really makes the items I'm making look more luxurious."
love the color
The color is NOT shocking pink - it's more of a boring mauvey-rose pink.  If I had known the true color I wouldn't have ordered this yarn :(
Great yarn!
"An absolute must for the Women's March.  The yarn is just the right color and price point to be able to make several hats.  I think I got about 2.5 from one skein, so I ended up making one hat striped.  The yarn is, as usual, a bit rough to work with as it is acrylic but for a major event where you are donating to charity and have no idea who is going to get it, you definitely want to use acrylic instead of wool because people can be allergic to wool.  Other people don't realize that you have to hand wash some wools or they don't go in the dryer or they're going to felt.  So this is a good choice when you don't know the recipient and you don't know what kind of care your work is going to receive.  The yarn is also easy care and this particular shade isn't quite as ""shocking"" as some of their other colorways!  I think ""Pretty n' pink"" is the most neon of their pinks.  Overall, it's a staple workhorse yarn."
Perfect Thanks!!!
Some sellers limit numbers of skeins. Nice to be able to get quality yarn in the larger quantity needed to make an afghan. And the price is great.
This is usely a good yarn for price. I pitched 3. The first one was really nice when I started on my blanket. Half way through it was not twisted as well as at the beginning but still it was fine. The other two was separating and catching on the crochet hook. I was making a baby blanket but because of the separating of the yarn I decided to make it a smaller blanket for my grandaughters dolls. I would not buy this again because of the time you lose when it splits on the hook and the stitches are not always smooth.
I crochet a bunch so when I find this yarn at a good price...It's mine!!!
I ordered this to make a snowflake afghan. This color was specified in the pattern but not available in any local stores. The yarn was softer than I expected and worked up really well. I will use again. I just wish that the yarns weren't mostly Add On items.
Used this (and several other colors) to make a blanket for my grandma for her birthday. She loved it! I wanted the colors to be kind of beachy (b/c she loves the beach) and I think I kind of accomplished that with this yarn.
"No knots or breaking...but it is black, white AND GRAY...not just black and white."
"Nice yarn, but thin in places. Not good working with this by itself."
Love the colors. Can't wait to make knitted hats out of it.
Very satisfied
Gorgeous colors!
"very pretty color, came in good shape"
Nice and came in good shape.
Great!
"Great yarn, but if you are looking for a mellow fall color - this isn't it. It's neon orange.  I am keeping it because I have yarn issues."
I have bought this yarn several times because of the lovely bright colors and the ease of knitting and crocheting with this yarn. There are so many different things to use it for.
Love !! These awesome colors together!
"I ordered this yarn because I wanted to start learning to crochet.  I cannot compare it to any other kind, but using it while watching beginner tutorials, I don't like that it seems to unwind and a strand of the line catches often.  Maybe there is something better to use for a crochet learner.  Maybe this works better if you are familiar with the material and technique while using."
As advertised
great pattern!
nice
Price is well worth it.
as agreed
"Love, love, love the colors. I am working on a king size blanket using this (42 rolls). Too bad they are no longer making it...once gone its gone. Buy in bulk of your planning on making something big."
I have made a lot of afghans in my many  years of crocheting but always used Red Heart wool and I thought I was getting wool this time. The  texture of this yarn was very loose stitches and split a lot.. I need to make another one after this and hope I can go back to wool.
"Only 364 yds, for the price($7 +} I was expecting the 744 yd skein. I don't know if this is an error or not."
"Beautiful marled red colors, very muted and natural"
I definitely love this yarn. Unfortunately I started a project a d couldn't find it anywhere to complete the project. So I ordered a few here. They are exactly the same. Love this color combination. I can't wait to have the time to finish up my project. This yarn isn't stiff like most RHSS yarns. That's why I like it.
Great as an accent or main color for just about any project. Soft and easy to work with.
Good quality
perfect
"I was so happy to find this partictular color blend on Amazon. It is the only place I was able to find it. I needed two skeins to finish an afghan started several years ago. I like Red Heart yarns for their ease of use, warmth, and the Painted Desert color blend is beautiful!"
love Red Heart yarn......This will help complete the baby blanket I am making for my newborn granddaughter.  She will have it forever and it will be full of love in every stitch.
"A bit scratchy, but otherwise good quality."
Pretty colors
Very soft
Excellent! fast shipping! Awesome prices!
Excellent! fast shipping! Awesome prices!
I thought it would be a real ugly color but it was nice.
when you work with it- the pattern ends up looking like a Christmas camouflage- very cute!
Love this Christmas color blend made an afghan
This comes up when searching for glow in the dark but doesn't glow at all
Used it to make cat beds that I donate to a local animal shelter.
Used it to make cat beds that I donate to a local animal shelter.
I like RedHeart yarn
This yarn is a gorgeous color! I am a Georgia fan and this red is perfect.
"The reviews seem to be for several different yarns.  I ordered the Red Heart Super Saver Economy Yarn in Shocking Pink.  7oz/198g  364yds/333m  They recommend a 5mm H-8 hook

It is a bright vibrant hot pink, just what I wanted.  I found it pleasantly soft  for an acrylic yarn of this weight."
"Typical Red Heart economy yarn. Not the best, but no one ever complains when they are snuggling up to a warm afghan made of this stuff. :-)"
I was very happy with the quality of the yarn and the speed with which I recieved my order
"Nice quality, bright colors. Am making a lap afgahan and is soft with a nice drape."
"Nice quality, bright colors"
Red Heart is always a good product
Amazon sellers can be awfully convenient when a certain yarn color is needed!  Thank you!
This is my go to yarn for most projects!
Red heart yarn is always fantastic <3
daughter was making an afghan and this is jut what she needed.
just what we wanted
"I like this brand. I bought the red, white and blue to make coasters with after the new year."
prompt & as described
"Eh.  It's yarn.  I somehow thought it glowed in the dark.  It's just this neon green.  Since it is 100% acrylic, there's no give and very little fuzz."
Love it
Love it
All 20 skeins were of the same dye lot number. I am most happy with my order.
As expected.
"This is your regular acrylic yarn. Warning, It is REALLY REALLY BRIGHT! But pretty!"
You can always depend on Red Heart yarn to be what you expect it to be.
The yarn came without any protection.  It has several dirty spots on the yarn.  Very disappointed!
"Came quickly, and is as expected."
I needed brown to tie a coffee themed quilt. Good quality threads for pulling through the fabric and batting pieces. Great price.
Blanket came out eautiful wrap and under tree
Worked good
I was little bit disappointed because it was not exactly as pictured and reds and oranges and Browns had barely see any blue and there I wish it was more as pictured
Perfect
Arrived early and I already used it to make a hat and scarf for one happy teen girl! She gets asked where she got them and the yarn too! I will definitely be buying more soon. I have a few requesting the pink camo also! Very pleased with this order! Thanks
TO use for my quilting
Worked great for our project.
This shade was a completely different size yarn than the other red heart super saver colors I bought. Much thicker and coarser. Ruined my project.
Just as expected.  Arrived quickly.
Great
"I'm always happy with Red Heart because I'm most familiar with your yarn! I can't always find the colors I want locally, so I have to order at times."
This made the cutest ltl hat for my 6mo old friend. He'll probably not care but mom & dad will love it!! Was easy to work with & n no tangling problems. Good yarn! Thx!
Good buy
Love Red Heart!!!
We bought this to make fun dream catchers. I can't comment on how good it is for quilting or crocheting since I don't do either of these. I can say the the yarn seemed nice and soft. It's durable and it is true to the color. It made a very pretty dream catcher and after several months the dream catcher still looks nice.
Pretty yarn
Same as you find in the store but at an add-on price.  Recommended.
Good yarn. Good price. Always check amazon first...for eveything...
all the yarns that I received are precious. I love them.
The quality of Red Heart yarn is the best!
glad you had the color to finish my project
Makes a great afagan
PERFECT!!!!
I have never had any problems with yarn purchase from here. Picture is a V - Stitch Scarf
Really love the hats made from this color.
Nice dye lot
good
love the yarn but I thought the price was alot and shipping. I was in a bind and needed this yarn to finish a project that I was working on.
My daughter is crocheting a blanket out of this for her son.  She has a ways to go yet but it is going to be absolutely beautiful.  Wonderful blend of colors
Yarn was exactly what I wanted. They finally lowered the price. This item was super hard to find anywhere. It showed up in here and I had to wait to get a good price! Totes worth the free shipping. Finished in time for Christmas!
"Normally RHSS yarn is stiff and scratchy, but this one was surprisingly soft."
Very good price.
this is a great quailty yarn! its medium weighted and catches well on my crochet hook. its nice and soft and the colors are just as pretty in person as they are in the picture. i was very pleased with the purchase and the price. Shipping took a little longer than i like but thats expected when Prime isn't available
I will never buy this again. It continually unraveled and falls apart. You get what you pay for.
love this color
Love this yarn!
Red Heart is the best knitting worsted available
Love it
"Speedy delivery, exactly as advertised.  I ordered five skeins of this yarn for joining blocks on an afghan I was making.  It was a perfect color for my needs.  The only problem was that I found a slub in one of the skeins  not a real problem, but I could not give the product a five-star rating. Otherwise, everything was fine. The appearance of that one little imperfection is probably a very rare occurrence. I am usually very happy with Red Heart yarns."
I love this Yarn!  It is beautiful and works up so pretty.  I made hats for my grandkids and they loved them. I'm buying it again.
ok
Nice
Nice to work with
Yarn was exactly the right color.
great value. good quality nice to work with.
Perfect
Can't beat Red Heart
"bought a lot of this brand in different colors, as a gift for my niece.  She loved them, colors awesome came quick, would buy again!"
I love me some super saver yarn!
Very satisfied
Over priced
"Works well, used it to make spider webs in the house."
Nice yarn
Was what I needed
"This item was just what I wanted as well as expected. Nice full skeins, color vivid will make a lovely crochet piece."
Love this yarn and got a great price...thank you!
I bought this for my sister-in-law. It is a beautiful color.
Good strength and vibrant color worth the money
Looked great in my Afghan!
Good yarn good price beautiful color!
excellent
As expected.
"Also, it coordinates well with Red Heart's ""Frosty"" yarn."
just what I needed
Just what you'd expect
Very scratchy to actually make anything for babies out of. Also looked more like neon pink than baby pink.
"Yarn splits easily~  Once knitted, the yarn seems to be fine, but it is sometimes hard to work with."
"Th quality of the yaarn is exactly what you'd expect, however the color was not true to the picture. I expected the Baby Pink to be a normal soft pastel pink, but it is actually a bit bright and bordering on neon. The photo is a bit exaggerated, but you can see the slight orange undertones in it, which I did not want. It's good enough for what I had in mind, though."
Use to crochet baby blankets for charity
" Red Heart yarn!!! Getting ready to be a Mamaw for then1st time & making my soon to be Grandson, Jaxson Coal, a Camo blanket from this soft Red Heart Yarn."
Great for the money!
I love Red Heart for my Afghans!!  Nice Color!
"Great quality as expected. I didn't notice any weird fraying or knots halfway through. The color was just as expected (I had bought some previously from JoAnn's and needed a refill.) Used it to make a tree skirt (see picture). It's a nice old-fashioned Christmas red. Obviously, it IS economy yard - a bit bulky and rough - but unless you're making something that needs to be more sleek, this suits very well. Plus, the color options and price make this a great option as well."
"This yarn was perfect for what I needed, and with Amazon Prime, I received free shipping, and the total was cheaper than Joann's."
Pretty color change but a little rough.
"Great. Buy
Thank you
Dalila"
THIS IS NOT SUPER SAVER ECONOMY YARN LIKE IT SAYS!!! It is the smaller size! Now I have to order the same amt to have enough!
I am very happy with yarn especially the size. worth the money.
been searching for that color for months.
"I use this for odds and ends and small craft projects. Not the softest yarn, but for the price it gets the job done. If you're looking to make baby items or clothing, go with the Super Soft line rather than the economy. But for smaller jobs and crafts, this works great, especially for the price."
this yarn was at a good price
"wonderful color, fun to work with other colors"
"This is the worst yarn I have ever used.  I have used many different colors of red heart yarn, they make great hats, slippers etc.  however this color was so stiff.  The hand warmers I made are rough, going to try washing and drying with a softener to see if they can be used.  I have no idea why this one color or dye lot is so bad.  I can't say don't buy this brand as I use a lot of it every year, just wish there was a way to return it to red heart or at least an explanation."
Love love love. So soft and easy to work with!
Redheart makes the best bang for your buck yarns.
"fast delivery, great price, product as described"
"When I see SUPER Saver I think it is the large skein of yarn - this is not.  It is only 5 oz.  So don't be fooled.  I like the color and the yarn, just disappointed in the size."
This yarn is SUPER scratchy & likes to unravel itself when trying to crochet it.
great
Pretty.
It glows under a blacklight which is why I bought it. So I'm a happy customer :)
breat buy
This is softer then the regular red heart yarn. I got it for a mermaid blanket project. It is a perfect fit for the several shades of blue that compliment the project.
Good quality
"My spouse purchased this to finish a blanket she started 15 years ago! The colors are still exactly the same, it's nice to see consistency with a company like this. Shipping was extremely quick and easy."
Love this yarn; great stitch definition and motorway.
Great
Everyone knows about Super Saver.  If you need a large quantity of yarn this is the way to go but it is rough.  I used shampoo & hair conditioner to soften my project after I was done.
"always a good buy,  have run into small stetches of yarn that I have had to cut out  because of unraveling,  but that has only been a few times.."
It's a bit loose but overall sturdy.  I used mine and it moved around quite a bit. I'm satisfied for the price.
Pic is slightly cooler toned than the item really is. It's more of a fluoresccent green.
Was nice to have the rest of the yarn I needed to finish my project. Worked out great.
"The color I needed for my afghan, which I couldn't find in any local stores."
"I paid $9+ for 364 yards of yarn!!!  TOTAL RIPOFF!!  These were supposed to be DOUBLE SIZED skeins!!!  I pay $2.50 for 364 yards at local stores!!!  I want a return label unless I get 2 more skeins, one of each color!!!"
Must more candy apple red.
"Its not the softest yarn, in my opinion. However, it does work up really nicely, and I love the range of colors."
Love Red Heart Yarn
"This was not the color I wanted for the project I was making. But, it was perfect for a couple of hunting hats. Love yarn. Can't get enough."
daughter cannot get enogh yarn
Good price on this yarn.
easy to work with
Somewhat stiff and scratchy
"Great yarn, arrived in a timely manner."
"I bought this to crochet a baby blanket for a boy. The colors are bright and bold, making for a unique blanket everyone will notice. Working with it is a pleasure, no tangles or knots, slides so easily I ordered an extra skein because I so love the ease of it and decided to make the blanket bigger, that's how great it is. A joy to work with!"
Great yarn for blankets
I love the colors in this skein. I'm going to be testing it to see if it works with argyle color pooling. I was disappointed that there was no label on the item...
The color is the one I wanted and the quality is very good.
It doesn't fray easily when cut which is something I really like about it.  I bought this item for cosplay (not knitting or crocheting) so I do not use it for its intended purposes but still like it.  There is a good amount so I won't be running out anytime soon.  My cat also enjoys using the yarn as a toy.
TENDS TO SPLIT A BIT.
Happy wife happy life
Nice color
nice.
It's yarn!
Pretty yarn for a great price.
Great price and I can at least find all the colors I'm looking for
Very nice yarn
Very pleased
"It's Red Heart Super Saver, it's ok yarn."
Just what I needed to finish my project!
"This yarn is pieced together. When you try to ball it it unravels, knots and the color is inconsistent. Especially the orange colored ones. Red dye is dropped throughout. It actually looks like someone bled on it. Comparing it to other yarns it isn't soft either. I prefer Vannas choice or Bernat. Do yourself a favor and spend a bit more on quality."
The best thing about this was they were able to provide the quantity I needed for a big project and almost all of it was the same dye lot and the ones that were not were still really really close.
Great yarn at a great price.
Very good made afgans now. Entered into state fair
very good thank you
The color is really nice against many other colors of yarn.
They broke within a couple months. Waste of money. Would have bought metal ones from the start.
would like this color and claret made into tearm colors
as ad
Ok
Very nice inexpensive yarn.
Very nice inexpensive yarn.
It's a fine yarn.
"super scratchy. the most so of any in the super saver line I've tried so far. Couldn't stand to crochet with it as it was so just finished soaking it in water, vinegar and hair conditioner to soften. Waiting for it to dry now and hoping it worked. The color is much darker than it appears in the photo as well. It's not going to work for the project I intended it for so I'll find something else to do with it.
I really wish that Red Heart would offer the same quality throughout this line. It's such a great price but you never know what you're going to get from one color to the next. Same are awesome (white), others are soft and pretty but split badly (Icelandic) and then there's the sandpaper rough ones like this lavender color. The thickness and thinness of the strands are all over the place too. They're all supposed to be a category 4 but it's not really much of a guide when one color seems twice as thick as another. I guess I just don't understand the fiber production process. Shouldn't it all be the same exact yarn just dyed different colors?"
Beautiful rich color.
Totally love this yarn
Excellent
"I am an avid crocheter and I use this yarn for almost all of my projects! It works up well, and is firm enough to work with well but softens up easily once the project is completed."
"I've always been happy with Red Heart Super Saver solids. I like the wool texture, great price and easy care. This color Light Gray was more like the Red Heart ombres I've been disappointed with lately because they were thinner and stringier, and felt much more synthetic. This gray is also a lifeless color and had knots and some very thin sections. It will do for the project, but I will not buy this color again."
"Really pretty colors (amethyst, royal, grape fizz). Nice for a granny square afghan."
"This yarn was the perfect Blue. I was in search for the right colors and this one is a nice bright blue. The yarn is worsted weight 4. It's really easy to use. The only problem with acrylic yarns is after a couple hours they do bother my hands, I have sensitive skin so I often have to take breaks. The yarn is 7 oz which was more than enough yarn for the project I use it for. I do tight stitches and I have enough yarn to do 2 more projects with it. I've used other yarn brands and Red Heart yarns have always met my expectations every time."
Very unhappy with this yarn.  Very scratchy and a lot of knots.
Perfect colors
"I love Red Heart yarn, I needed to match a color to a project I had already started, I didn't know the name of the yarn I had already started using since it was in my yarn box with no label, this was a perfect match, got my project finished submitted it in my local county fair and won 2nd place! Red heart yarn is great quality and it is soft yarn!"
The yarn was as expected.  Service was great.
Perfect  and the roll is bigger than expected
I LOVE this color!!!
"Excellent deal! Brand new yarn, individually wrapped. Items as described."
Great product and for a good cause
"This yarn is completely satisfactory for the $2.88 price. I made seventy-two and a half solid granny squares with one skein of medium thyme. (364 yards) For colors that are more expensive here, Wal-Mart carries this brand at the $2.88 price point, and I think Jo-Ann Fabrics carries it as well, so check there."
"I get this yarn all the time for my yarn braids. It's soft, the colors are vivid, and the super saver packs are an awesome value. The yarn also holds up well to weekly washing, which is important whether you're using it for clothes or hair!"
Great yarn. Soft. Made a great blanket.
Arrived as new product as expected.
"Redheart is a good all purpose yarn. Washes well.
No dye lot.
Comes in many colors."
just as expected
Color is a little light but it's ok!
great
great quality and price
great quality and price
Just what I needed!
"My mistake, when I saw glow, I thought it was glow in the dark yarn"
"Lovely colors blend nicely, strong yarn with no fraying."
"Just as expected, & it was the same price as the store except I didn't have to go to the store, so win win!"
This helped me top finish the  afghan I was making plus have some left over for another afghan.
A good black yarn.
great!
easy to work with
This bright pink is a lot more dominant than it looks in the picture or when you get it. The colors also change a lot more often than other yarns I've gotten.
"This is a very ""COOL"" green color.  It's almost neon but not as bright.  It matches a lot of other colors in the multi-colored skeins too."
"I love the color. I am very into Pumpkin autumn-y but cheerful and bright so this met that criteria. I'm thinking I should actually down rate the product though. I'm crocheting a blanket and every time I twist this yarn around my hook the yarn ""untwists"". I don't know how else to describe it. None of the other yarns are doing this untwisting, the other skeins are the same just different colors.

How does this yarn feel? Some people say it feels scratchy; I don't think it feels scratchy. It's not baby blanket soft, but it's just fine as a wrap or sleeping under. I pause my washer during the fabric softener cycle and let the blanket just soak in the softener for awhile. Maybe that's why my blankets don't seem scratchy to me?!"
"Not as soft as some of the others, but easy to work with."
Beautiful
Durable yarn
Love it 
"I absolutely love this yarn! I am in the middle of making a blanket using the Peruvian print color, and i love the way the yarn works up. And so, haven't had any problems with it either! I will continue to use red heart yarns!!!!"
"I bought this yarn for a different color variety for me. I don't care for the browns but this brown with the green is not bad. Made a hat with it,"
"soft, thick, nice!"
good
Just what I expected.
It was fantastic! :0)
"Good value for sure. Bought this for various projects and crafts and has been serving me well. Doesn't fray too much when cut. Relatively soft (not coarse but not plush and velvety either). Seemed accurately represented and happy with my purchase. I probably could have found it for a little less at certain stores - but whatever the extra cost, was worth the time saved to me to purchase online."
My favorite yarn.
I love the bright  yellow.  We are Steeler fans so it was perfect for the scarves I have made for my family and me.
"Not much stretch to it, but it's easy to work with."
"The quality and color are wonderful. I gave this product three stars because it claims ""super saver"" as the size, yet there are only 236 yards of yarn. After doing the math, I would have to buy three to have an average skein marked ""super saver""."
Was a gift
Was a gift
As expected
I love the color of this yarn.  Makes a gorgeous blanket.
Really big skein.  Will buy again.
Satisfied
Good Big Skeins ! ! !  As for Glow-in-the-Dark you definitely need a black light !!!!
"So easy to work with and the color selection is HUGE !!
I will always look them up for my projects !!
(The pricing is awesome too !!)"
My knitter was happy to get this
Love Read Heart.  Great yarn for all projects.  Color is very vivid and even.
Item is exactly as pictured. Shipping was fast. decent price for this size yarn spool. Used for crafting works perfectly.
It gets softer with use
"Red Heart has an awful rep. I'm a very avid knitter and I know the right thing to do it knit with those lovely hand spun, small batch dyed luxury yarns (which I do often). But when you're looking to knit something that will be hard worn, you want to last forever, and you won't be pissed I'd your husband throws it in the washer and dryer - then Red Heart is where it's at. To soften it up a bit I just soak it in a TON (like, a whole bottle) of dollar store hair conditioner and give it a good wash. Don't be a yarn snob."
standard RHSS
Surprisingly all are from same stock (code)...nice. Thank you ...delivered on time
"This is a beautiful color. It works up well with the peacock, and macaw red heart yarns for the mermaid blanket. Let's hope the two blankets I am working on will be completed for Christmas gifts."
"I have ordered this yarn to make a mermaid blanket for my grand daughter. It works up nicely, and the combination of color compliments the other colors well."
came very quickly and was everything I expected. I love Red heart yarn.
great price and fast delivery!
great price and fast delivery!
Fast delivery.  Beautiful.
"All good, & it was early."
nice transaction no problems
The white was pure it wasn't sitting on a shelf. Going to buy more yarn
"This is a very high quality and strong, beautiful yarn, but I just wish more came with each skein."
"Description states the skein is 364yds, the ones shipped to me were only 236yds. As I ordered these for a specific project, the yardage was factored in to how many I bought, had to go back and purchase more so I can complete my project."
I love this yarn . My needle glides easily which makes me happy because I can work faster.
I crocheted a very beautiful afghan and it goes well with a lavender sheet set that was purchased at amazon. The color blends in very well.
ok
"Very Soft Yarn, Can't Beat The Price. Always Keep One Of These On Hand."
This was perfect for making pom poms for Xmas decorating.
Loads of yarn and fast shipping.
Thankful to find affordable super saver yarn in a true teal color. Halfway done with the blanket and it is beautiful!
"While I love this yarn, and have used it in many different projects... why on earth would I pay almost 7.00 for the same size and color that is available in my local Walmart, AC Moore and other craft stores for less than 3.00. For the same exact thing! I would give the yarn 4 to 5 stars, but because of the price, it only gets 3 stars."
Red Heart is always a value for the price.  This will end up being a crocodile stitch mermaid tail blanket for my granddaughter.
Nice
"Just under the Walmart size of the same kind of yarn!  But, fine to work with!"
"Let me start with this is a yarn my mom used to make baby blankets.  She had started a blanket before she passed and I finished it for her newest grandchild.  If I didn't find it on Amazon, I'm not sure what I would have used.  I don't know the correct terminology but the yarn could be wound tighter."
"great weight,and affordable"
"This was exactly what I was looking for. It is great quality yarn. Strong and durable, but still soft. I made my son an afghan with this yarn. This is my favorite brand."
Good for cheap yarn. My go to brand for dolls and such.
great for my project.
Great yarn at an amazing price. I have always used Red Heart yarn but have paid a much higher price online or in craft stores like Michaels or JoAnn's. Highly recommend this yarn.
Great yarn at a great price. Much cheaper than I have purchased anywhere else.
I used the yarn to make a couple of tops and everyone love the color and how soft the yarn was.
exactly what I wanted. thank you
"I just received this yarn yesterday and while I like it for knitting pillow covers. The colors are dark and it has a nice hand to it while knitting. I haven't had a problem with finding the center pull or knots so far and it doesn't split. The reason I can't give this 5 stars is because my skein has only 236 yards, while this is not a big deal for me it could have been if I was working on a larger project."
Awesome product as always.
Average
I couldn't find this color anywhere and was very skeptical about buying it online since the colors are not always what they appear to be.  This is exactly the color I needed.  Exactly how it looked online.  I'm very happy with it and have since purchased 3 more.
"Good feel, no kinks and soft."
Purchase a good deal of Red Heart Yarn for charitable projects.  It never fails me and the new color combos are gorgeous!
Thanks
"Red heart has been my go-to brand for amigurumi for years now! Their wide variety of colors makes for great plushies! However, if you plan to use this for articles of clothing, I would suggest steaming with a towel over your work or washing with fabric softener."
It is not as thick as the black or red yarn.
nice color
"I had started to crochet my daughter a throw blanket and ran out again. This is my second time ordering this yarn. I love the color and the throw blanket turned out great. I also used solid yellow, blue and green yarns with this Banana Berry Yarn. Great bargain yarn and lots of colors."
Great yarn and price
The product appeared to have been used.  The Red Heart label was completely torn from the yarn.  The yarn appeared to have been unwrapped from the center (not the pull out end) and to have been cut -- as the end of the yarn was frayed.
I love this red heart yarn.it is very soft
Perfect Color
"Wonderful color, beautiful project, sturdy, affordable"
great feel. holds new shape in crochet. want more. thanks!
ok
Great price and all ways love red heart yarn!
Great colors
nice big yarn!
These colors are so adorable together. I made leg warmers for my little ballerina friend. One skein made a set of leg warmers for a middle schooler. The yarn didn't knot when it came out and was easy to work with. I will buy super savers any time over any other yarn.
Nice yarn.
Another pretty yarn. Am making scarves out of the yearns I have bought.
I love these super saver size yarns! They do just that! Save you money!! The skeins are big and you an get quite a bit from just one! When you need several colors... this is the way go! The yarn is the same great quality. No inferior product. Just better pricing! I will definitely go this way again!!
I loved the color even more when I saw it. That's rare! Thanks! Worked out perfect for my project! I am a fan of yours! Will look for more colors in the future.
I loved working with this yarn and created several baby star blankets using white and bonbon or white and wildflower. One think though is that the texture of the solid color seems slightly thicker and dense than the multicolors.
"my wife loved this yarn, knitted afaghans for the grandchildren"
always liked Red Heart products
This is a very fun color combo... perfect for stuffed animals and/or blankets.
"Fast shipping, packing was clean and appropriate, and the product was new, clean, fresh smelling."
Perfect in every way!
Product arrived on time and the right color.
Excellent
"Although I don't tend to use acrylic yarn, when I do so, this is economical and as expected with quality, color and ease of use."
Great price. Worked out great for project.
Perfect.
"Very small skeins, smaller than I expected  for the price but this was the only place I could find some more of the color I needed so I kept them. Wished the description had listed ounces since that's what I am used to working with."
Matched perfectly to some 8 or old yarn I had.
really pretty
great colors
love the color combinations
great colors
"I ordered this yard for a future project which I haven't started yet.  The pattern recommended this particular color and brand so I found it on Amazon.  I must say that I've used Red Heart 'Soft"" yarn before and have always been pleased with the result so I'm giving this a five star as I did with the yarn that I did use on my other projects. I would recommend it to other crocheters and knitters."
Great
"As a long-time user of Lion Brand yarns, what's left to say?  I'm always pleased with the yarn I buy (both locally & online) and always have excellent results in the outcome."
love it
Got to make winter cap for granddaughters.
Just what I needed to finish the blanket I was working on!
Loved it exactly what was required
Just what I needed to make a toy for my Granddaughter
Beautiful blue hue and super soft!
Worked well
"Red Heart is a great all around yarn. It's good for projects and is sturdy. It is however scratchy and not the best material. I love using it for things that need to last awhile, or take a beating. It's also very affordable which means that I can use it without worrying about investing too much into something."
"Received , and it's ok"
good price
Great true colors. Quality of yarn is as expected. Good product.
"A fabulous rich, thick, soft hand to this. No troubles with yarn splitting. Great for scarves, baby items, etc."
Great quality and perfect packaging.
needed to finish an afghan my girlfriend was making for my daughter
I'm not a fan at all of this yarn. The tiny fibers are itchy and come out way too easily.
Beautiful!
Great blanket yarn
made a beautiful shawl
great product
I love Red Heart yarn. This green was the perfect shade and my blanket is turning out wonderfully with it included!
"made a beautiful afghan for my son, unfortunately he killed himself before I could give it to him for Christmas"
"Very pretty colors. Vivid pinks, purples, and the contrasting black is a terrific blend of hues.  I can't wait to start producing hats.  They are going to look amazing with this blend."
Fast shipping and a quality product.
Good price.  Good product
"Soft yarn , beautiful color and even though it's acrylic, it felt nice in my weaving project. I've already purchased more because I like the weight of it too."
"Soft yarn , beautiful color and even though it's acrylic, it felt nice in my weaving project. I've already purchased more because I like the weight of it too."
"Cheap and ugly, but I should have known that when I bought it."
Great!
Couldn't find this color at a local fabric shop anymore. Ordered it and was exactly what I needed.
Great yarn for Christmas projects. Will order again.
Excellent!
Great
I knitted two scarfs and they came out awesome. I gave them as gifts and each person really loved the scarf I made for them. I love the colors they are perfect.
Love this color!  So bright!  I used it to make a crocheted baby dragon that came out awesome!  Red Heart Yarn is great yarn at a great price...
"Love this, it's a large skein of worsted weight yarn. I will buy this type of yarn again."
Love red heart yarn and how it stands up with washing and the colors this yarn comes in. Many other companies have thinner yarn but not red heart. It's soft and durable. I love the super saver sizes as well for my projects.
just the right color
Have you ever used red heart super saver yarn before? It hasn't changed. It's still a giant roll. It's still yarn.
Bright color - can crochet many items with the amount of yarn supplied
Love the colors and perfect for baby afghans
Perfect.
Perfect.
Perfect.
good color
"I have bought this before, this is the only place I seem to be able to get it when I need this particular type, thank you."
needed this
"This is the perfect shade of pink, exactly what I was looking for. I have used this brand many many times so the texture is what I was expecting. I'm making a bedspread for my full size bed. Upon finishing I will update my review for amount used to finish up. I purchased 12 skeins, hopefully it's enough. I can always purchase more if not."
Great product. have used red heart for many years.
Good product.
As expected
nice but not as soft as the others I've bought
Made a scarf for a customer and she loves it!!
Great to work with
Love this yarn!
"It's exactly as described and advertised., Thank you for this pretty yellow yarn."
Exactly what I orderdr.
as described
"thanks to Amazon I got the right color I needed to finish my wedding gift.
  Thanks,"
just what she wanted
Excellent
These colors are to die for!
Beautiful mix of color! Great for an afghan.
Made 2 nice hats from this very soft thank you gor letting me shop eith you
Nice and soft made a nice hat thank you
Love red heart yarn
Very vibrant color and soft material. I noticed certain colors are softer than others
Love the way the variations look on finished product.
"Beginner crochet person here. Knew nothing at all about yarn when I bought this - chose it because I didn't know there were any differences and the colors are gorgeous and the price is right. However, it is very difficult to work with. The threads come apart constantly. Not easy to use with smaller hooks. Not soft at all, gives my index finger some sort of yarn burn, like a rug burn. Used it for practice but then had to toss it."
Amazing
"For the price this yarn isn't so bad! It is not the softest yarn you will by but, again the price is right and you can make it work.  I soaked my crocheted blanket with some cheap condition and it softened it up!  Totally worth it."
I love it!
Came on time with a quick and fast delivery. This pink camo yarn is good for anybody who likes pink camo because my mother-in-law loved it.
Work great for purpose bought for
"I LOVE this shad of blue, and now I know where I can get it!  Please tell Red Heart to NEVER discontinue Delft Blue."
This yarn was the worst yarn I ever bought! It  kept separating and also cost twice as much at amazon then it does in a store. I ordered it because the store was out of it and I had a project I was working on. I thought for the price it was a bigger ball of yarn. [O
A little darker than I anticipated but worked well with my project.
"Loved the yarn, it is what it wa said to be. Making it into a beautiful baby afghan."
"Really soft and easy to work with, plus even if i mess up it doesn't come unraveled!"
Perfect match to some old yarn I'd had for years.
Made a beautiful scarf and ear warmer
Nice color used to make hats
Great thanks
Excellent!
"Exactly what I needed! Started a project with ""what I had"" and ran out... :( No local store carried the color I needed, so ordered it here. Exact match to what I already had and super fast shipping! Thanks"
I love getting my yarn from Amazon!
"Great colors, great texture. For a scarf (which is what I am making) I need to use two strands, but those two skeins will make a full scarf (With some extra). Very excited"
"Great colors, great texture. For a scarf (which is what I am making) I need to use two strands, but those two skeins will make a full scarf (with extra). Very excited"
"Great colors, great texture. For a scarf (which is what I am making) I need to use two strands, but those two skeins will make a full scarf (with extra). Very excited"
Love the purples. Its great yarn and I'm partial to red heart but love it
Love the yarn and the service was amazing.
"One of my favorite heather grey yarns, this one! A bit scratchy when working it up, but after a washing with some conditioner it softens up dramatically and becomes as soft as yarn twice or three times its price. The color goes fantastically with accent colors: I love using it with variegated and/or self-striping yarns; it makes colors ""pop"" while providing a lovely grey background.

I've gone through at least ten skeins in the past year and always pick up several skeins when I find it on sale; this has definitely become one of my ""go-to"" yarns. Highly recommended!"
Excellent...
very good
very good
"I love multi coloured yarns and I had to buy this once I saw it! I have many skeins of Red Heart super saver but this one feels different in texture, which feels and looks kinda cotton to me. Not warm texture like typical acrylic yarns. Also easily splits."
"Just  the color I was looking for, but couldn't find in any stores."
I like Red Heart. Decent price and the yarn doesn't give me too much hassle.
"great! my mother loves these. she is a crochet nut, afgans galore!"
Always crochet with this brand yarn love it
Over priced!
"My son loves camo and got excited when he saw his yarn. I gave it 4 stars because it is very expensive, you can get it for half the price in a fabric store. Plus it is a small bundle.it is acrylic so it's not very soft but I knew that when I ordered it. If you can get red heart for less than $3 like some other colors than it is worth the price. The colors are great!"
Always love Red Heart yarn.  Some people claim it to be scratchy but I find it to be wonderful to work with and the more you wash it the softer it gets.  It's also always affordable.
bright colorful yarn.  Love it
A little thick but perfect
"Fast delivery. Great quality yarn. Love the color, picture is accurate to color"
"It's inexpensive but a little rough to the touch. Color is consistent from skein to skein. Does the job, but nothing special."
"Perfect match, came just when I needed it to be here!"
"Been using Red Heart Super Saver for a long time. I needed a skein of this color to finish a project and no store in the area had it. Amazon to the rescue. Red Heart seems to have solved some of the issues they had a few years ago when their manufacturer ceased business and they had to switch makers. Some of the darker colors were rather stiff, and stayed that way until a good first washing. This skein seemed fine."
Loved the colors. Always love Red Heart yarn.
Wife was very happy with product. She tries to use Red Heart products when possible for its quality and choice of colors.
Great red color! Strong yarn. This yarn will most likely allow me to use it for multiple crafts/projects. I am currently using the yarn to make pom poms and they came out great! The color is vibrant and the yarn is very durable.
"Well there are pros and cons to this yarn and consodering them all I decided to give it 3 stars- middle of the road. The pros are the price and the color choices. I think it was a nice cheep price for a nice big ball of yarn. The thickness is nice, I usually use an H crochet hook or similar size. It works well with knitting too. My hooks and needles could work it well, it was easy to pick up and stitch with. I also love that this yarn is available in so many different colors. I made a few items and was happy with how they looked. Nice and thick and kept its shape. I hand washed it and had good results as well- no shrinkage. It was able to be hand washed in the sink and laid flat to dry.
Now for the cons: I really have only one complaint, however that complaint can be a deal breaker for me if I'm considering repurchasing. After I worked hard on a scarf and excitedly finished it and put it around my neck... I realized it was scratchy!! So although the piece looks like I wanted it to, the fact that it's scratchy means that I won't be able to wear it or give it as a gift! Since this is the whole reason why I do crafts I'm going to have to say I will not purchase this brand again unless the piece I'm making isn't for an item of clothing that touched the neck or face (like a scarf). It takes me a lot of time and energy to knit and crotchet so I'll make sure next time BEFORE I START THE PROJECT that I take the ball of yarn and hold it up to my face and see if it's scratchy first. I actually should have done that anyway so it's my fault for not making sure. So if your looking to craft (non scarf crafts) this is the yarn for you! I will find different yarn for my scarves- unfortunately it will have to be a more expensive ball of yarn I'm sure, which is why I tried this one first, to save money. But not every corner is worth cutting, especially if you put a lot of work in, because it's a waste of time in the end if you can't even use the product you made."
"This yarn makes a good loom knit scarf, but the colors were a tiny bit different than expected. Other than that, it's good."
Good!
Got as a gift for my mother at a grate price for the holidays. I noticed they raised the price good this I got when it was low price.
I usually very happy to buy my yarn here but this specific item came to me yesterday and the colors were faded and off...
"Love this yarn!  Very convenient to order the exact colors I need from Amazon, however Amazon does not match dye lots all the time.  When you order directly from Red Heart, they always match dye lots for you."
Super
Very nice coloring! Looks great for hats and scarves.
"nice to the touch, and is great to work with"
"The color is the shade of teal I needed, but it is not wool, but acrylic.
My project is felted and acrylic will not work.  There was no receipt
in the package for me to return it.  I continue to save it in the wrapper
if I do receive a recept."
Good looking yarn.  Gave as present.
"Kinda disappointed in this yarn.  I've been crocheting for about 30 years and this is the first Red Heart that I've had separate like this.  I am not sure if it's the colors or what, but I am finding it kind of aggravating making the afghan I'm working on now with it.  The colors are pretty and muted (just what I wanted) but the yarn is not up to Red Heart quality to me."
I don't have any problems with Red Heart yarn.  I like it more then others.
"The yarn has a great color and texture, ideal for most projects. The price is amazing for such a large yardage."
nice
nice
I ordered 5 sh. received 3 only
"I love using Red Heart yarn, so easy to work with."
"Beautiful purple yarn, it will make a really nice blanket.  I love using Red Heart yarn."
"As usual, no complaints about the quality of the yarn and the color was represented perfectly by the picture when ordered. I will definitely order yarn again through Amazon!"
"Not so much of a complaint about the yarn texture, but the color advertised: the color depicted in the photos are much lighter than what the actual product looked like. However, it wasn't too much of a bother, so I didn't see a need to call for a return/replacement."
I expected a pastel green - it was not pastel.
Ok
"I love Red Heart Super Saver Yarns! The variety of colours and affordable price. So I own (or have used) many colours of them and noticed some are soft and some feel bulky even though they are all labeled same length and weight. This Coffee colour would fall into ""bulky"" for me.
I crochet so only about it.  This one is great for sturdy items such as basket, but I wouldn't use it for scarves, hat, which I want softness."
"Candy is a fun color, and I'm guessing my pink-loving grandniece will like it as much as I do.  I always have good results with Red Heart, and it wears well, and washes well."
"Walmart sells this yarn for less than 4.00 a skein, 236yards. Save your money and go to Walmart. The quality of the yarn is average but the color is very nice. Easy to crochet with and to make nice blankets or beanies. Highly recommend this product but not this seller at the curre t 8.00 per skein."
The color of these yarns are nice and bright but they are a little scratchy for my taste.  Maybe if you were making something not meant to be worn but I wouldn't use for a scarf or hat.
Interesting colors.  Fun to work into a project.  Soft yarn.
Just as described
Exactly what was wanted.
"Love the way colors work, but yarn keeps separting. Am used to a much better product from Red Heart. Never had an issue before."
"I have bought this product before, but only from the store. Very versatile."
It was great
"This is a bit softer than Red Heart has been in the past, not as soft as I'd like, but it is an improvement. I used it to make a girly version the Creeper from Minecraft."
The yarn was very beautiful.  Will make a wonderful gift for someone
ok
"This yarn is GREAT.  I received fast delivery, well packaged, and priced.  The yarn is excellent to use on all my crafts."
All time favorite
"Loved it that it are bagged/wrapped individual. Color matched perfectly to my pending crochet project to finish, i was not able to find this color in stores, for some reason. So i am very happy with the products."
"This is a nice soft acrylic that works up fast on large needles.  I too was mistaken in thinking that it glowed in the dark, it doesn't.  So it only gets a 4 star rating due to the ambiguous labeling.  I would recommend this for baby clothes, hats, etc or a layette set for those wanting to skip the pink vs. blue color choice."
Beautiful yarn at a great price. Nice to work with!
Always satisfied
Made three afghans and working on one more. Love the red.
Great deal!
Red heart yarn is red heart yarn....what can I say
"Great price and color.  I know the Red Heart brand to have a long history and great reputation.  Using for loom knitting, works well."
Good yarn
I love this yarn.  It is superior quality and just what I wanted.
As advertised
Got two different dye lots.
Thank you.
"Said royal blue but was really dark blue, not royal blue color, so beware! I have seen red heart's royal blue that were more true to color in craft stores or what not than here"
great
Great white yarn can be used for various projects.
Great yarn!
"Came I just the right sized package & on tint, plus was just as described by seller."
I couldn't find the quantity I needed at any store. Then found this as an add-on to another order. I couldn't believe the price!
It appears to be like any other red heart yarn. I have not used it yet.
This yarn was perfect for some charity knitting I was doing.
perfect
"Perfect condition upon arrival, color true to what's pictured."
Beautiful color and super soft! I made a scarf with this yarn as a gift and my sister loved it
One skein is very ratty-looking.  I'm not even confident it's a full skein.  It appears to have been opened and rewound.
Just what I thought it would be.
"While my favorite yarn is actually Lion Brand, I actually liked working with this yarn, too. I picked it up for a specific project, and I wasn't disappointed. :) I would definitely use it again. :)"
Great price for yarn
Great color and price.
"Product is as advertised, delivered in timely fashion"
Love this yarn. Perfect color for making Yoshi!
"Given as a gift, they LOVED it. Lovely, deep wine red color. Good price when on sale."
I purchased a large quantity of this yarn to make loom knitted caps for the local VA home and hospital.  Price was right and the vendor was very efficient.
Very good as expected and the delivery time was amazing
"Love this combination of colors! Works up nicely as well. Had a project in mind, but the colors weren't showcased enough. Testing stitches to see which will look best and show off these awesome combo of colors!"
consistently spun and evenly dyed.
"I'm not a fan of this brand. They're scratchy. It's excellent if you want to make decorative items or anything that won't touch your skin, but not for blankets, scarves, gloves, etc."
shipped quick and was what I expected
Great product as always
I love red heart yarn. I used this color specificly to make a baby blanket for a co-worker. Red heart is definitely the best money saving yarn on the market.
"Made a speckled pink and black hat, thanks :)"
"Sooperdooper !
Simply steupendous. How marvelous the package delivered so soon!!
Great!!"
Very nice Worth the price
Nice large skein of the color I needed to coordinate with a variegated yarn I was working with.  Thanks!
Bought for a friend who said it worked well. The blanket she made with it is beautiful. Note- the yellow isn't as florescent as the photo looks- it's a nice bright yellow.
"Worked really well. Great colors, too."
The only problem I had with this was the amount of tied ends that I foun in it.
"While this isn't my favorite yarn, it's a very good one. Inexpensive(although I have seen some sellers on here trying to get $9 for one skein- it's around $3-$4 at local stores) yarn that's good for a variety of projects. It does fray easier than some, but not too bad. Personally, the feel of it is a bit itchy. It doesn't bother others, just a personal thing. I do use it for small lapghan type blankets but not for the larger ones that'll be touching my skin."
Bought for my daughter who is just learning to crochet.  Colors are very cute and vibrant.
excellent
excellent
nice size
pretty color
great price for the yarn. I can make at least one baby blanket out of this yarn.
Beautiful
I love this product!
"Red Heart yarn.  Tried and true product I have used for years. This product is easy to use, turns out a nice afghan, machine washes and dries."
"Lots of thin spots, frays easily.  Not the quality I expect from Red Heart."
Just as expected. Red Heart yarn is what I use for all my standard crochet projects and the color was spot on. Not sure why I would stand in the aisle of the craft store when I can get the same yarn delivered.
Great yarn!!!
Good Quality Yarn at a very good price.
"Perfect, not top of the line, but what I needed"
Excellent
"Weird pattern. Turns into black and white stripes in the middle for no reason and throws off the whole color scheme, but I guess it's OK."
I use red heart yarn for almost every project I do . and the camo yarn is very very pretty and its softer and easier to work with than most others. The hat I made came out amazingly. I would definitely order this again!
Nice
Just what we needed!
"This is a really pretty combination of colors and a good sturdy yarn.  I find it very easy to work with whether doing crochet, knitting with needles or loom knitting.  Great price for a basic quality."
Good quality yarn. versatile for many projects. I love the bright variegated colors.
good quality yarn for varied projects.
perfect
"Definitely ""economy"" yarn!  Very rough and scratchy to touch. Great if you are crocheting patterns like baskets where you need the extra stiffness to hold a shape. Terrible for items you would wear."
Excellent!
"Love the quantity. Used the yarn for yarn braids and I ended up using the whole pack for medium-sized, armpit-length braids. This is my second time purchasing, and will definitely do so again and again. :)"
"This Cafe Latte is my favorite color brown. It almost has a grayish, pink color to it. Red heart has never let me down in terms of quality yarns with bright lovely pigments. Definitely fun to work with."
working on the afghan now.
red heart is always great yarn
"I love the combination of colors in the Aran Fleck! I have used it for knitting hats, mittens and am currently knitting a poncho (as requested by one of my older granddaughters). The Fleck coloring looks good by itself and when mixed with other colors as well. I have 12 grandchildren that keep me busy, especially at this time of year! I enjoy making them something with my own hands----one year I crocheted/knitted 20 large afghans for family Christmas gifts.
I have found that as I work with the yarn it gets softer. When washing, I set my washer to delicate and if I use the dryer set it to AIR DRY. Nothing I have made yet has shrunk or twisted out of shape...."
This is one of 10 that I purchased for my mother-in-law. She is an avid crocheter.  She likes this brand because of its durability and how well it washes.
"This yarn is a great color, but the quality isn't great. It's a little thick and course which makes it hard to work with. I didn't expect much better for the price."
Great for classroom arts and crafts.
"The classic Red Heart SS Yarn. It's not cashmere yarn, but it works wonderfully for blankets and hats."
It was not quite what I was looking for
Just what I needed to finish project!
beautiful
"This yarn is very affordable and washes great! They have improved the softness also. This used to be very scratchy and stiff, it's now much softer and nicer. After a single wash it's almost as soft as baby yarn. I use this yarn for afghans mostly but it also makes nice hats and scarfs. There are lots of colors so it's easy to make multi colored projects look just how you want them to and there's no risk of color run or fading. I do throw 1/2 cup of vinegar in all of my wash to make the clothes softer, that trick works great on this yarn also."
always a good base color
Just what I ordered.  True to color.
Deals and untouched sold
Love it so easy to handle. And received in good manners. Thank you
Fine yarn
I've always used Red Heart.
Always great yarn!  I've trusted Red Heart yarn for over 40 years.
Great slippers turned out good
Great.
The yarn was a little loose but it still got the job done
Ont ral soft
Great product for the money will buy it again
"I made a beautiful blanket for my cousin with this yarn, She is a country bumpkin and loves pink camo. This was washable and held up after. She loved it and was impressed with the quality of the yarn. After wash it was a lot softer."
"Dependable, nice yarn."
Good ol yarn.
love it
love it
love it and great price
"Not as good a quality as some of the other Red Heart yarn, I have bought."
"I bought this specifically for making pom poms and it works wonderfully for this purpose. My sister gave me a a set of three pom poms for juggling practice, she's a teacher and also uses them for different games and activities with her young students. I thought they were so fun and cute! Once she told me they're super easy to make I had to try making my own. This yarn is soft and easy to work with, I highly recommend it. Great if you're looking for a fun, simple and easy craft project. I'll definitely be back for more colors!"
received my order and was very pleased
"Red Heart yarn is a good value but it isn't as soft as some other brands such as&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Vanna-s-Choice-Yarn/dp/B003D7IOHS/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Vanna's Choice Yarn</a>.  I still like this yarn but found it a bit scratchy after working with the softer Vanna's Choice on other projects. One thing I have noticed with Red Heart yarn is that the darker more saturated the color, the stiffer the yarn is.  However, it does soften after being washed.  The color is rich, deep, and consistent throughout the skein.  I used 3 skeins in the small burgundy lap blanket I made and 5 skeins of lavender in the bunny shawl and there was no difference in color from one to the next.  You can't tell where one ended and I picked up the next.  Working with this yarn was nice as it didn't split and its thickness did not vary.  As it is acrylic it machine washes and dries (over and over again) like a dream."
delivered and as expected
Arrived in excellent condition
Excellent yarn at a very good price!
Very Vibrant colors! Good quality
Soft enough for things like scarves and whatnot but I wouldn't use for something like a baby blanket. I mostly use this yarn to make yarn wreaths and scarves. I also let my little daughter use it for making crafts. Price is about the same as my local craft store.
What can you say about red heart yarn. It's yarn and if it's yarn I love it. The only thing I didn't love was that it wasn't exactly the color I thought I was getting. But I can still use it.
Good Product!
"This is a very nice yarn to work with and the color is great - good match for other blues I had.  However, it is a bit pricey!"
good this product has been used this to make something for some one
Lovely yarn to work with
Ok
nice
It's good to know that I can get the red heart yarn for a reasonable price on line.
"Yarn is good quality, but from the photo I thought the platoon is white, grey, and black. Instead the coloring was in the beige and brown family."
Exactly what i ordered. Very pleased.
"Color is beautiful, in my opinion. It arrived quickly and was well protected during its travels..."
Nice white color.  Works well mending my puppies' sweaters.
"Good quality, not any different than what you would buy in the store"
love it. great service
I could not find this yarn color in stores... So thank you Im very pleased....
The color is vibrant and the yarn is durable.
Was very pleased with the quailty and the timely delivery
Nice color
Great
"Great value, and lovely color.  It is a little scratchy though, but to be expected at this weight of yarn"
Great product!
"The colors are really great be it odd, I am making an infinity scarf and it is perfect"
Love this color!  Was looking for it in the stores and couldn't find. Should have know to check Amazon first. Needed for my nieces birthday gift. The infinity scarf I made with this yarn came out great! She loved it!!
meow meow meow.
Great!
"made a gorgeous baby blanket,, with blues, yellows, granny squares & corner designs, all pulled together with this yarn to create a fantastic, one of a kind gift."
High grade quality
love it
Great yarn to use for blankets.
This yarn is perfect for yarn dreds!
Love the yarn- I do not inderstand the price difference. This order price $7.27 and in September the identically same item and item number was $2.88. Why?
great color and iy was bigger than i thought it would be
Awesome deal
"Red Heart is a popular brand for a reason. Whenever I need yarn for a new project I turn to Red Heart. Rich colors that never fade, great price. The yarn might be a little rough at first but I find that once the finished project has been washed and dried it's much softer."
This is bright and sunny.  I used it with the tie-died fleece sold on amazon.  It's a good match.
This stuff is lots of fun.  I used it with the tie-died fleece Amazon sells.  It's a good match.
I just received my yarn yesterday. Thank you.
"Yarn was great, and even same dye lot!!!"
maded up real pretty
gift for friend so she could finish crocheting a blanket
was a gift friend loved it
This yarn is a rich color and works up really well
The color of this yarn is perfect for my needs
Bought for my sis and she loved it!
Yarn
Great product
"Received quickly. Being one on a budget, I use Red Heart yarn a LOT. I'm very happy with this order! I order 7 skeins of this color. Each one was packaged in plastic. While that may not be environmentally friendly, I'm happy about that. So far, the 2 I have opened are so super soft!"
"Bought this to decorate for my sons street art dance hoping for more glow. However there was not a lot of  glowing coming off this yarn. Did look neat latticed across the ceiling but white would have done the job just as well. Two stars for being a great product, strong, well packaged just not much 'glow'."
I cannot use this yarn. It started to shred as soon as I tried to cast off.
"Great yarn. Soft and vibrant. Only wish the Red Heart yarn wasn't mostly an ""add-on"" product."
"Love the color green, and the different shades of green are great."
Wonderful.
Has a terrible feel
"This Yarn was true to the picture.  I Love the Colors in it..  I haven't used it yet, but had to get it.."
Did the job!
girlfriend love the yawn
Price was fantastic compared to yarn stores. Finished a wonderful afghan for my grandson. Plan on ordering a lot more. Need to make six more for the other grandkids! Do you have wrist supports!!
"Nice blend of colors. I am using for gift wrapping/making pom poms and not for knitting so I don't have any knowledge of needle sizes, etc.  It works well for what I want and was very reasonably priced for the length of yarn 236 yds."
It was a perfect transaction and I would buy again......Thank You !
okay....
This color is hard to find too!
"The color is rich and very fall-y.  I balled the skein, not ONE catch.  Very nice and compliments afghan perfectly!!"
"Wonderful Yarn!  Perfect, Five Stars... I will be purchasing from you again! Thank You"
Perfect for what I wanted it for.
Quality product and timely shipping. Mom has used hundreds of skeins to knit and crochet.  She says red heart yarn is the best.  She has used it for over fifty years. Buy with confidence.
Great yarn and easy to use.
Great yarn
"Vibrant color, nice quality yarn.  My daughter is making a multi-color blanket, and she's very happy with this yarn.  I just love how bright it is."
Product came as expected.
Making a camo blanket for my granddaughter for Christmas
Beautiful color
Exact match
always works well for me when knitting or crocheting.
great yarn
Wonderful yarn. Easy to use. Beautiful
I love red heart yarn !! the color was exactly what I needed for my project.
Excellent Product and shipped fast.
This yarn is soft and muted shades of green.  It will work perfectly with my current projects.
"This is a great yarn soft and muted shades of blue.  It wasn't quite what I expected color wise since it was more of a heather shade than I expected. Nevertheless it will work well with the projects I am working on, just in another way."
Excellent
"I use red heart all the time to make just about anything. I have never had anyone that recurved a baby blanket made out of red heart complain about the feel. I will sometimes soak my finished product in fabric softener overnight then wash and dry before selling the items. This will soften up the item real nice.
To soften overnight with fabric softener use one cap full of softener to one bucket of water, mix well, dunk the item in and out of the bucket turning as you go to make sure it is fully coated. If you happen to get up in the middle of the night do another sinking rotation. The next day just wash and dry as normal."
Best yarn out there.
excellent quality!!!
I liked this brand
pretty
This is a great yarn it's soft and easy to work with and affordable.
Love it
more varigated colors are great
Great for crocheting shawls
"This is pretty nice yarn, for the price.  The colors are nice. I'm using it for a blanket for my grandson."
"What can I say about yarn?  Mostly it is a personal preference and I use several brands and weights depending on my project.  Red Heart Super Saver is a little stiff to work with, but great end results!  Very durable, easy care yarn!  Super for items that get a lot of use like afghans!"
Thank you
"Super Saver is good for slippers, throws, pillow covers and the like. It softens up pretty well when laundered in warm water with a little detergent, quite a bit of fabric softener and dried on low heat. I would advise not to launder with any items, especially anything that may produce lint as fabric made of this yarn will ""pill"" badly."
"easy to work with, works up well."
The resulting afghan is beautiful.
I love Red Heart Yarn.  This is a nice soft blue color that I used to make my son some things with.
basic economy yarn
I like it
"While it may seem slightly rough to the touch it does get better with time. My favorite way to soften it is to wash with a good fabric softener then dry with dryer sheets. It's very durable for heavily used or frequently washed items. I had a blanket given to me made from my grandmother, using this yarn, and even though it's very old it still looks amazing. I really love how the colors are always consistent because the do not have dye lots!"
nice
bought it for my mom.  Hard to give yarn a bad review right?
I am a red heart loyalist! I particularly love RHSS as it is a good dependable yarn particularly when it comes to finished products that may be put through some paces.
The yarn will be enjoyed.  Getting everything to me on time was great thanks no probkem
These pictures do not give the true brightness and almost neon color the deserve. It is a very pretty yarn and works well for crocheting. I will say that I bought mine from Wal-Mart for $2.88 for a skein. I am happy with this yarn and am excited to make the hat and give as a gift.
"The color is ""glow green"" but it doesn't glow in the dark!"
Great price in bulk
matched what I already had
Same great quality
I like it!
Great product.
"I love this light weight yarn and versitle color, , mixing this with shades of gold or blue, making sweaters for World Vision."
"Excellent price, very colorful and bright and just what I needed. A good bang for the buck. Item received as advertised. The color exceeded expectations because when I saw it in actuality, I couldn't believe how vivid the color schemes were. Excellent product."
thanks
Great Color and easy to crochet with. Customers love it wish my washcloth collections
Excellent tem and service
Great!! Made a beautiful sweater for my dog!! Works up well!!
This yarn is really economic and big but this yarn isn't soft it is really hard.
wrong color
Nice yarn after it's washed. Great for hats and scarves. Camo is always scratchy until you wash it for some reason.
Not glow in the dark
"Always dependable & prompt on pkg/shp, super excellent quality of yarn. Highly recommended seller."
Thinner than other RHSS yarns I have used in the past but the colorway worked up beautifully.
My mother was in need of another skein of this brand and color of yarn to finish an afghan that she had started but miscalculated amount needed. She couldn't find it anywhere but Amazon came through with the product!
great
good price and came in reasonable time
Exelant product
Pretty color. Wonderful quality
This was perfect for a faux 'laser light course' I needed for a function.
It worked for my project. Not the softest but not the roughest. I wouldn't use it for a baby blanket or anything you'd want to be soft and cuddly.
just so pretty !
texture not as nice as solid colors
very nice yarn
great quality and beautiful color!
nice
Love Red Heart yarn
This yarn was crap. Frays super easy. I let my daughter use it for practicing her stitches as it was useless to me.
excellent quality
Made afghan for a friend---worked up just fine
"I ordered orange, but received coral."
This was just what I was looking for.  It worked in the item I was knitting and I was able to use it to repair a patio chair.
Great buy
"The yarn arrived on,time and the cost we're true to the pictures. I can't  wait to start my new project"
"great yarn good for any project. Red Heart is one of my ""go to"" brands."
Matched what I already had here to complete a project!
"decided to do some stash busting this week, made a few hammocks and a house for my rats, since they don't seem to like chewing on acrilyc yarn ( last non redhart hammock they had lasted 3 hours before they shredded it) so far every color except shocking pink has been perfect and up to red heart standards, shocking pink how ever is very loose, it likes to split at the slightest provocation

i made some simple stripey Crochet hammocks
- 1 in Spring Green, Real Teal, lined with Amethyst
- 2 in Shocking Pink, Pumpkin, lined with cherry red
- 1 in Blue Suede, Country Blue, and i don't know, not entirely done with it, maybe Coffee or something?

and the house was Spring green, Real Teal, Amethyst

the rest of this review is just a list of some projects i am working on with this yarn

 i have a Knit rat nest that's been taking up my 4mm knitting needles for ever but i love it ( pumpkin, bright yellow, spring green, and some rando homespun yarn with all those colors in it

 i'm crocheting  a circular base out of Caffe Latte for a cat bed, going to knit up the sides with some Tea Leaf, bend them down on themselves, sew them up, stuff them, to make a soft ridge around it

and i'm crocheting a blanket for my dog, log cabin-ish style with every color i have"
We are using this yarn for a charity project. I was so happy that each skein was wrapped in plastic.  Thank you.  It was easier to distribute to the people who are working on this project.
The colors are great but the weave is not the best it is very loose and hard to work with.
Going to make winter hats out of this.
"I love the look of this yarn and it's easy to work with, though a little rough. However, 3 of the 6 I bought were horribly tangled and took me hours to un-knot."
I was thinking it was glow in the dark yarn. Very good quality though.
My daughter loves this color and I love this color as well as red heart products.
I love it!  It's beautiful.
Soft and easy to use yarn. color is rich.
"This is a great color scheme.  I might not have called this ""Camo"", but perhaps ""Neopolitan"".  The colors are brown, white and pink, just like the ice cream.  The brown is not harsh, and the pink is not loud."
good yarn!
It was the color I needed to finish an afghan. Fast delivery.
Just what I wanted.
As described. Excellent color!  Fast shipping!
"MY 93 YEAR  OLD SISTER WAS VISITING ME FROM TAHLEQUAH, OKLA-- HER HOBBY IS MAKING LAP BLANKETS FOR PEOPLE IN THE NURSING HOMES-- I HAD  PURCHASED A QUANITY OF YARN AT MY CHURCH RUMMAGE SALE WHICH INCLUDED  THE ABOVE COLORS-- NOT ENOUGH TO FINISH THE TWO  BLANKETS SHE HAD STARTED--  I TOLD HER I  WOULD LOOK ON AMAZON PRIME FOR THIS YARN AND SURE ENOUGH I FOUND IT FOR HER--  IN TWO DAYS  THE PACKAGE WAS SITTING ON MY FRONT PORCH-- WE BOTH LOVE THE RED HEART YARN-- IT IS THE BEST-- I HAD TO GIVE UP  CROCHETING DUE TO MACULAR DEGENERATION  BUT MY SISTER  HAS THAT CROCHET HOOK IN HER HANDS EACH DAY. YES, WE ARE GREATLY SATISFIED  ABOUT THE YARN AND ALSO AMAZON."
"I love it, received just what I wanted.  I highly recommend the Red Heart yarn!!"
"Great for crocheting and knitting! Found a couple knots in it, though."
Love this yarn.  It has all six rainbow colors in the right order and makes the neatest border on the baby blankets I make.  I hope they never stop making it!
I really love this yarn. The color is great.
I received this yarn yesterday and I'm  delighted with the color!! It's much brighter than I expected it to be.
"Nice blend of pinks and purples.  The yarn tends to fray a bit at the end which I wasn't thrilled about but as long as you leave a longer tail when you cast on shouldn't be a problem.  Using this for a toddler blanket, like that its one the softer side and machine washable.  The price point was good and it arrived quickly and in a sealed bag so that it didn't snag on the other items in the order."
Great to work with
"Item: Red Heart E300.4313 Super Saver Economy Yarn, Aran Fleck
I used this yarn to crochet an infinity scarf, and to be honest it barely made one loop. The yarn also kept getting tangled for some reason and some of it came apart. The little specks on the yarn that gave it the oatmeal texture easily fell out. I was really careful with the yarn and the scarf turned out alright. I won't purchase this yarn from this user again because I saw it for cheaper at Michaels."
This is a beautiful blended yarn and worked out wonderfully for my arts and crafts. Just as described. I would purchased more in the future.
very beautiful colors!
"Beautiful I crochet ornaments for Christmas, The snow flakes will be dazzling"
I love red heart yarn
Ordered for my mom and had it sent there.  She seemed happy.
"tks, ro"
Love this color.
"Love this color, great yarn."
I bought it for my sister to put yarn braids and it come out lovely. It was very soft and bigger than expected. I loved it!
"I really like this vareigated yarn called Woodsy! I'm making a ripple afghan for my nephew. I've added a few rows of Red Heart Buff yarn to compliment it. If you think the yarn is rough feeling, all you have to do is wash it with some fabric softener, and dry it in the dryer to break down the acrylic fibers. It then turns out very soft! He will be pleased with it."
A bit more orange than coral but I love ALL yarn.
I love Red Heart yarn!!
Love red heart!
"great yarn, great color, great price and prompt delivery"
"good yarn, good color and good price with prompt delivery"
Works up well. Very even.
There is no dye lot so you can order as you need it. I like crocheting blankets and order 15 at a time. The color is neutral and fits any decor.
I bought this as an add on purchase so the price was pretty good. The color was a perfect match to my other yarn.
"excellent, thank you!!!"
I LOVE Redheart yarn. It is so wonderful to order large quantities for a fair price!
Love Redheart yarn.
Good quality yarn. Washes well also.
Color too bright. Much brighter than advertised. Makes a good companion to to the advertised pumpkin color yarn. That is if you like screaming colors.
"I love this yarn , the color combo make the pink pop.  I plan on buying more in the future:)"
Excellent value. Pleasing texture.
love it
Red Heart yarn is the only yarn I use
Making an afghan and needed one more ball of this color.
"Gorgeous color!! This is a soft blue shade. I crocheted overalls for my Minions & it looks like their little denim overalls. The yarn is very soft & easy to work with. None of my local stores carry it for some reason & the price on Amazon is the same, so it's a good buy."
I am happy with the yarn and the price.
The sellers price is nearly double the suggested retail price. I believed this was a Super Size skein but it was only a regular 7 oz skein. I wouldn't pay this price again for cheap acrylic yarn.
Good value.
"While  I like the colour of this yarn, it is not 364yds long  as indicatedbut rather 236yds!  I had to change my planned crochet project because I didn't have enough yarn. This is not fair to the  buyer"
Awesome Seahawks green color
Always a good quality yarn.
Yarn came with some fraying but it wan't too difficult to conceal in the project I was working on. Fun color but I doubt I'll purchase it again.
soft and easy to work with. I was able to make several smaller pieces out of this skine.
"great yarn, however not 364 yards as in description (I bought the camo)  but is 236 yards."
Fun color. It's a little brighter than the photo but not a big deal. I appreciated that it came wrapped in plastic so it wouldn't get dirty.
"nice product, exactly as described"
"A customer of mine ordered some custom made items with these colors.  Normally, I wouldn't have chosen this yarn but it is so pretty!"
Springy and light.  Just a pretty color combination.
My new favorite variegated yarn!  I have made many different crochet things with it.
Great yarn
Real great yarn. I'm putting a royal blue yarn with it and making scarves.
I love red heart yarn.
red heart yarn is good quality easy to use yarn.
great yarn lovely color
Great deal arrived on time
Love the color. The quality of red heart is always good.
 Beautiful
"Good utility yarn for blankets and afghans, and anything that will be machine washed and dried a lot. This was a good match for the older skeins of RH baby prints I had that still used dye lots. Works up at the specified gauge, and while not the silkiest to knit with, it is reputed to soften up nicely when washed and dried."
Just what I needed to finish an afghan so happy that it was still avable.
Ok product.
Beautiful bright yellow color. This yarn works up wonderfully and blocks nicely when washed.
"I have been using Red Heart wool for years and years.  I make blankets for Project Linus, and beanies and scarves for those who really need it and sometimes gifts for my friends.  Its easy to work with, awesome choice of colors so that I can get creative and it washes really well.  Love it"
the cookbook is sensational.  The solar light for our flagpole is beautiful at night.  The yarn made a very colorful purse and have requests to make more.  Very pleased with everything I purchsed.
"The yarn is as expected.  However I was unsure why the gray yarn (which is the same as all the other super saver yarns) cost
about $3.00 more per skein than any of the other colors.."
nice color good for knitting a neutral colored throw
Spring green : warning...the actual colour is a lot duller than it looks on the screen
"Nice yarn for needlepoint and other crafts.  Not soft enough for scarves, hats, etc."
Great product
fine item
"I love this yarn. The color is great, truly better than I had expected. I would have loved to give it a 5 star review, but one of the skeins has been cut in multiple places. Now I just have to figure out how to piece it all together."
Great yarn
I used it to crochet part of a blanket and a hat and they turned out great!  Easy to use and produces a nice looking product.  Will definitely buy again.
I used it to crochet hats and scarves and they turned out great!  It's pretty soft in texture.  Will definitely buy again.
I have not started my project with this yarn yet. The colors are as shown. I've used red heart yarn for many years.
Just what I needed
Great yarn for making blankets.
Good quality
Good economic yarn for crocheted baby items.
A good all-purpose weight for both home and wearable projects.  Handles nicely and provides warmth without extreme weight.  LOVE the colorway.
"Lovely 'hand' to the yarn, works up well without splitting and snagging.  Versatile for use on afghans, pillows, and home projects as well as wearables.  Nice weight, too.  The colors make a lovely neutral ground for blue-lovers."
Loved the color of this yarn
nice
Always dependable.
This color was needed to finish crocheting an afghan in my nephew's college colors for a high school graduation present for him..  I love Red Heart yarn and have used it for many years for 99% of my projects.  I will order again if needed.
"I am just learning to crochet and selected this yarn because it had great reviews, the skein was large and the price was low. The color is as vibrant and wonderful as the picture would lead you to believe, and the skein really is huge given the low price. I figured this would be a great yarn to learn and practice on. However, I think this product is for those who have a lot more experience working with yarn than I do. The yarn kept splitting apart. Very often my hook would go through the yarn itself, instead of through the stitch, causing catches and knots in my work. I found this very frustrating and it slowed me down a lot. Finally I gave up and passed this yarn on to a friend who is a lot more experienced than I am. The yarn is beautiful, but a nightmare for beginners like me. (Plus, it's on the scratchy side; it squeaked pretty loudly against the needles.) I recommend Lion's Brand yarns instead. They are somewhat pricier (and the skeins are usually much smaller), but I found that yarn to be much easier to work with.

P.s. - If you go to a specialty site dedicated to yarn crafts, like Love Knitting, Red Heart is pretty low down on the list of ""most loved"" worsted weight yarns. Not a good sign."
ABSOLUTELY GREAT
"Great yarn for large projects! this is not the kind of yard you want to use for soft projects (like a baby blanket or a cozy sweater)  but i think it's suitable for large bedspreads/blankets like the one i made using this yard (see picture). I found it very easy to  work with and i'm not exactly what you would call an expert in crocheting. The bedspread shown is the most intricate project i've done so far, took 2 months to complete.

TIP: if you think the yarn is too rough or scratchy after you have finished your project, soak it in cold water, fabric softener and cheap hair conditioner (any brand will do)  and it will be a bit softer after rinsing it! i did this with my bedspread."
"This yarn was beautiful in color but the quality was horrible....so bad I'm thinking of writing to red heart.  It separated into separate strands almost through the entire skein, and I used 9 skeins out of the 10 I bought.  I would not buy this again...which is too bad because the color was really pretty!"
Beautidul color!
Always happy with projects made using  Red Heart yarn. It is so easy to work with and looks great.
"Haven't had a chance to use it yet, but I have used Red Heart before and it has always done well for me.  This particular skein had a beautiful tone to the color.  It looked great in the picture on the web, but looked even better when I saw it.  This was my first time ordering yarn.  I was a bit nervous about not being there to feel it and actually see the color.  This particular was crucial to my pattern. It needed to accent other colors in the piece.  I was worried it would be too dull or too bright, but it is gorgeous, feels good to the touch, and accents my other colors perfectly."
I just bought this as colored string.  It works fine for that purpose.
"Thin, not soft"
"Not very soft.  This product is used to make scarves and hats for the homeless.  I had to soak the final project in fabric softener to make it wearable.  Also, strands are very thin, had to use two strands for the project, but that is OK with me."
"lovely color. had made a knitting needle case. currently making a ten-stitch- sweater
one minus star for it knots easily."
love it.....was perfect for my project....
Terrific! 
Great deal and free shipping on 35.00.
Super fast shipping perfect Clean product
Lovely color.  You can't go wrong with this yarn.
"A little thin than worsted weight, the pattern of the yarn makes great patterns once is knitted. Good quliaty yarn and soft for my baby to use the finished product."
Really like this yarn.
I love super saver yarns^_^
Love
"My customers really like the hats I make from this yarn. But beware, Red Heart Super Saver yarn is quite rough to the touch so it is not for babies or those with sensitive skin. It is however the best price for the most yarn on the market"
"My customers really like the hats I make from this yarn. Beware, Red Heart Super Saver yarn is quite rough so it is not for babies or those with sensitive skin. But it is the most yarn for the least price on the market."
Very happy
"The heavier textured yarn I talked about above. I love it. Takes the abuse a beginner like me can give it, using it over and over again."
"Good stuff. First time to use this yarn Beginning crocheter. Thin texture, but good. Finding out the hard way that it may be a challenge to use with heavier textures. Since I am a beginner, it may just take practice..."
"Red Heart Super Saver is great for amigurumi (toys) and afghans. Personally I prefer wool for wearable items, but I have used RHSS to make things for people that were allergic to wool on occasion. RHSS is my go-to yarn for acrylic. Amazon sells it at the same price as my local stores; so, considering gas, it saves me money to buy it using prime shipping.  Amazon also has a much better color selection.

Some things to keep in mind:

Yarn that is made at different times, will be slightly different colors. That's just the nature of yarn. To avoid having a visible place where you joined a new skein, you can alternate skeins when you join a new one - do a few rows with the first skein, then a few rows with the second, for awhile.

All monitors are different, so there's no way to show you a 100% accurate picture of the colors of yarn. Amazon's colors are quite accurate on my screen, though.

This is a worsted weight yarn, but it's on the thicker side of worsted weight, more like aran weight. This is what makes it great for amigurumi, in my opinion, since those need to be dense. But if you're making something that needs to be a specific size, check your gauge first. Some colors of RHSS are thinner than others, so again, check your gauge.

If it's splitting a lot, you may be pulling the yarn in the wrong direction. RHSS is wound to be pulled from the center. On the label, it has an ""A"" and a ""B"" with arrows. On the side labeled ""A"", make sure the outside strand of the yarn is out of the skein. Sometimes it's worked its way out before the yarn gets to you, but you may have to pull it out. On the side labeled ""B"", you need to find the other end of the yarn that's in the center of the skein. Pull that out, and knit/crochet from that side. If you did that and it's still splitting a lot, it's possible the label came off somewhere along the way and was put back on upside-down - try putting the center strand back in the middle, and pulling it out through the other end.

The multi colored skeins are smaller (in amount of yarn) than the solid colored skeins.

RHSS is a bit course/stiff at first, but it softens up nicely after a wash.

If you keep these things in mind, you'll have a great experience with Red Heart Super Saver!"
No problems
Great colot
"I am using this to make a Tunisian style throw.  The colors are really fabulous.  I know the quality of the yarn isn't the greatest as I have used this yarn for another blanket which pills a lot with washing.  Other than showing wear from washing though, the yarn is very warm and easy to work with.  Considering the price, it is still a good buy and like I said, the colors are really great!"
Just what I wanted
This has to be one of my favorite color combinations I've worked with this year.  As I was making the scarf I knew that I had to give it to my good friend as the colors were her colors.  The first words out of her mouth were just that.  You know me so well these are my colors.
"It's good quality I guess, but it wasn't soft enough for my taste. Also if you plan on using this for a brushed yarn project, I recommend Red Heart Soft Baby stuff instead."
Fast and easy. Thanks
Loved this product & will definitely order again
Excellent  color
Red Heart yarn is very affordable and works very well for making afghans and throws!
I have crocheted many Afghans using this brand of yarn. It is my favorite brand. Afghans look great after they have been washed year after year and yarn is easy to work with. Good price.
Great yarn for my C2C
A little stiff but still good.
"After using different expensive and inexpensive yarns, this brand seems to be the best. It is not so rough, yet very durable and they make every color you can think of. I think this has become my new go to yarn. This is especially great for first time crocheters and knitters. The color is so nice!"
"Growing up in the 80's, I learned to crochet with Red Heart yarn. We didn't have access to all the luxury yarns available today. As an adult, once I picked up knitting and crocheting again, I dismissed acrylic yarns as somehow inferior to all those expensive luxury yarns. (I wasn't quite a yarn snob, but I didn't like the feel of acrylic while working with it.) But I've since used Red Heart to make several afghans and throws, and I have to say I've totally changed my mind. I now recognize it for the value it really is: it's inexpensive, widely available, and virtually indestructible. (I still have and use an afghan my mom made me with RHSS about thirty years ago.) I also think the yarn has a lot of body and a decent twist. And by far, its best characteristic has to be its easy washability. I love that I can toss this in a washer and dryer and not fret about it. In a house with pets and/or children, that's an absolute must for me. I've thrown exclusivity out the window in favor of function and practicality. I like knowing that when I gift a handmade blanket to a loved one that it's going to hold up and not accidentally be felted or destroyed in some way!

My favorite way to buy this yarn is to use 40% off coupons at Michaels. Because there are no dye lots, I just run in whenever I need a new skein. I love not having to worry about stocking up on all of my supplies at the beginning of the project or worrying I'll run out of yarn. And with the coupons, an already inexpensive blanket ends up being dirt cheap. Being on a tight budget, this makes me really happy; it means I get to make more projects than I would be able to make otherwise.

Currently I'm using hunter green and aran for the double-knit throw I'm making my husband for Christmas. I'm only a few rows in, but the afghan is looking beautiful so far! The hunter green is rich and deeply saturated, and the colors look beautiful together. Some of the SS colors can be somewhat drab, but some of them really pop. The pic above doesn't do the color justice; I find that the photos on the RH website more accurately reflect the true colors of the yarn. Edit: I have since finished the afghan and uploaded a photo of it. Sorry the lighting isn't that great, but the stitch definition still shows through nicely.

As for working with it: okay, so it's not cuddly soft like 100% merino, but I've noticed in the last few years that RHSS has become softer. Some colors feel softer than others. After a washing (or a few), the yarn does soften and even ""fluffs"" up a little bit. The only drawback I've noticed is on particularly humid days in the summer or before a thunderstorm, the yarn gets really squeaky on my needles or hook, and I have a hard time working with it. But other than that, it really doesn't deserve the bad reputation that it has among the knitters of today."
"I used this to make squares for a mine creeper blanket.  I liked the multi-tone effect.  Much easier than making many different blocks with many different colors.  It works up fairly nice but is slightly thinner than the super saver black, which is why it only gets four stars."
"as described, always worth every penny!  LOVE RH"
it had black ashes on my white yarn no  one wants dirty yarn
Love this yarn!  I have not used it yet but I will be very soon.  I can't wait.  The color changes very fast so it is going to work fabulous for my crochet.
"the project for which this item was purchased was put off until this weekend. I have just discovered that it has a really strange texture as though it was exposed to really high heat. the project it is being used for is not negatively affected, and it is still a bummer to discover that this yarn is crispy and strangely textured. It would not have worked for a project that put the  yarn near face or skin. :( Hopefully these two skeins are the only two like them. I am unable to go to this item to check because it is sold out."
Great Price for a GREAT product!!!
The yarn was ok but the color was more beige than off white as pictured.  I ended up ordering a different color.  my spouse doesn't wear brown so he wouldn't wear the sweater I was making him.
Awesome price!  Thank you Amazon!
I have used this band of yarn for several years and it has always worked out very well.  I will continue to order from Amazon.
"Love this yarn! It
Red heart is the yarn I crochet with the most!"
Perfect for the project my sister was trying to complete.  Quick turnaround.
Just what I needed to complete an afghan.
As expected and on time
"Nice yarn, great for blankets. Beautiful color."
Great colors!
This wool might work well for crochet but for knitting the wool comes off as threads.
Just as pictured
Just as expected. Easy to work with. Color true.
Nice
"Love this yarn and color, perfect for a little boy baby blanket."
Beautiful
"Very economical, it is warm, without the feel of wool."
good yarn thank you
I have been looking everywhere for this color. Shipping was very fast. I am very grateful and satisfied!
"So, it's been a while since I picked up a crochet hook and did anything.  On a recent weekend out of town, I ended up at Michael's and thought how great it would be to start again .. it's only been 25 years, what could go wrong?  Well, it turns out that three skeins of yarn do not an afghan make (how that afghan is looking right now based on my memory of crochet lessons 25 years ago is a different and slightly embarrassing story).  Fortunately, I found the same yarn on Amazon and at a lower price.

The yarn itself isn't for making sweaters, hats, baby clothes, or anything else where you want that pillow soft feel.  But for a blanket to add to your bed for warmth it's just fine.  The colors flow into each other better than I'd expected and it's pretty.  It's exactly what I needed for my first project.  My next project I may feel confident enough to upgrade the yarn a bit .. but that's way, way down the road right now."
GREAT  COLORING
Great yarn
The perfect amount of yarn and the green is vibrant and true to what's pictures.
Does not scratch like some Red Heart Yarns. Perfect color for a shawl made for a man.
Love the color
Love this color
I can't even fabricate a less than desirable review. EXCELLENT ratings in all categories!
Great color.
Will be good for the blanket I am going to make !!
Got so many different dye lots that it will have to go into different items.
It will be nice in a blanket or scarves with the rich color blends & dye lots all matching.
"Colors are great. The big problem is the marrakesh color is advertised at 364 yards but is actually 236 yards according to the skein sleeve. False advertising? I do know that  no 2 skeins of red heart are the same length no matter how they are marked. But 128 yards falsely advertised is ridiculous. I bought 4 skeins so I got shorted 512 yards or about 2 1/2 skeins. Received 20 more skeins today, 4/20. All were advertised as 364 yards per skein but in actuality were 236 yards. In other words I was fraudulently shorted over 2500 yards more with this order. The total shortage for all ordets received so far is just over 3000 yards."
"Great quality, true to colour stated. I'm new at crocheting and I do think it will be great for beginners and those more advanced at crochet. Shipped really fast as well! Will definitely buy this brand again. Also, much cheaper than in-store prices!"
Red Heart is an excellent brand ... have always used it.
"it was perfect, have been looking for that particular color for a while"
"This is a very bright neon color of green.  The picture doesn't quite show how neon it is but if you are looking for a bright green, this is about the brightest one that I have seen.  It is a great yarn to use to make a hat for a little one if you are heading somewhere where you want to see your child at a glance.  Anything made from this color is sure to catch your attention.

Red Heart yarn is a worsted weight (4) which makes it easy to do a lot of different projects with it. It is not nearly as soft as Red Heart Soft Yarn but when I want a really durable yarn (like toys for children, Christmas stockings, etc.), I reach for this style of yarn. I've used it for years and the quality is high for the dollars paid."
"Red Heart yarn, always the best!  Beautiful vibrant colors!  Can't wait to start making my afghan!  Perfect for knitting or to crochet!"
The color is much nicer than it appears in picture.mworks up beautifully.
really colorful.  fun yarn!!
"As a brand new knitter, I love this yarn. It's soft, thick, easy to see. Maybe it's because I'm new, but I think it's the yarn itself that's causing this one issue I have. When I go to make the stitch, I'll accidentally poke my needle through the yarn but only a little. Enough to make the stitch too tight if I don't fix it. I think it's because of all the things I love: soft, big, fluffy yarn. Either way, the color is beautiful (I got the coral color), vibrant, and the only problem is easy enough to fix and might be my fault anyway. Would definitely purchase again."
Love this yarn too.  I use it for the middle and end of my throws and blankets now
splits hard to use on my knitting loom
beautiful colors
"great yarn, fast delievery,"
Love this yarn.
"Nice.  The only problem I have with these wools is that the different colors of this brand have different textures.  Also, this color is a screaming safety orange, not the nice golden orange pictured."
great price
good
"Pro's:
The best things about Red Heart Super Saver Yarn are that it's do dye lot status, it's pricing is reasonable, it's sold in a million locations and it's quality gives it a strength that leaves you worry free when you sell items made with it or give items away as gifts.

Having the status of No Dye Lot, really saves me when I'm making projects.  Just today, I ran out of a color and went to check my stash and happened to have a ball I'd purchased a few month ago.  No Dye Lot meant that I didn't have to think twice about if the color would match my current project!

As a stay at home mom, price is always something I take into consideration when making crocheted items with any brand of yarn.  With a $2.00-$3.00 price range in most retail stores, I do look for skeins when they are on sale, but even if I have to pay top dollar I know I'm not wasting the extra money on something that I won't like.  Yes, I do like to splurge a little on yarn, but most times I'm making blankets and hats and scarves that will get a lot of wear and tear and I don't have to charge a million dollars for each item if I've only paid a few dollars for my materials.

The availability of Red Heart Yarns is amazing.  From my experience, if I walk into a store that sells yarn then they have Red Heart Super Saver Yarn.  It makes my life so much easier!  I can't say that I have a 100% grade for finding the colors I need since they are so popular with crafters, but usually it only takes two stops for me to find what I need!

Why do I really use Red Heart Yarn?  Simply put, the quailty of the yarn is amazing.  I've only been crocheting since 2009, but there are items that I made when I first started crocheting that are still in excellent condition.  My favorite is my daughter's afghan.  She's had it since birth and has gotten numerous ""things"" on it, but they have washed out easily without destroying the yarn in the process.

Con's:
I can only find one Con to say about Red Heart Super Saver Yarn:  Some of the skeins seem to be ""scratcthy"" and some seem to be ""smooth"".  I'm not sure if I've just missed the memo as to which are softer than others, but there is definitely a difference between some colors and others.  The good thing though to fix this is that most regular fabric softeners can soften the yarn, but if fabric softeners aren't used, you can definitely tell the difference.

Final Thoughts:
All in all I give Red Heart Super Saver Yarn an A+++.  If someone is a new crocheter or knitter I would highly advise trying this yarn because of the Pro's I've brought up...and if you're a more experienced artist, do pass up a chance to use a great yarn!"
"The yarn is nice and tight, but rather scratchy, even compared to the other super saver acrylic yarn I bought. Also significantly duller than the purple in the picture. Not bad, but I probably won't buy this color again."
Loved it! I made a hat for my daughter and the yarn was perfect.
Got two different dye lots.
Great Thanks
I love this yarn! I've made three clutch hand bags and five scarves.
Great price and beautiful color
great yarn for crafts.
"The yarn quality is as expected,however, the color was so far off from my previously purchased lavender yarn that it is unusable for my project.  Will have to save it for a future project."
Nice yarn.  Not quite the color posted but I like the color I got a lot better.  A lot of particles come out of the yarn while I am working with it.
Perfect condition
"excellent Red Heart yarn & prices, delivery surpassed all expectations!!!"
Great solid color. I bought this to use with plastic canvas so I could craft a TARDIS. I think it is the perfect color for it. Good quality yarn. I always use Red Heart yarn in my crafts.
Color was as expected. Arrived on time
iTS OK
A little to thin but it's ok
"I consider this a ""craft yarn"";
not the best for next-to-the-skin garments.
Its a good economical yarn for beginners.
Toys, rugs or couch throws.
RHSS yarns can vary in size even though they are labeled
with the same specifications.
Example: if you are knitting/crocheting a variety of color squares for
a scrap afghan, you may find that one color will knit/crochet
considerably smaller or larger than another color. Then your squares will
not join well because they are different sizes.
The yarn is acrylic (pretty much plastic)
It is not going to soften up with washing or using fabric softener.
The stitches may relax, but the fiber itself is not capable
of becoming softer with laundry aides.
It will pill (fuzz on the surface) quickly with use and from
laundering.
There is a nice variety of colors, its readily available in most
stores with a craft dept. and it is a good size yarn for working up fast.
It will work in a mid-gauge or 9mm bulky knitting machine."
Good quality beginner yarn.  I use it for testing stitches and filler for additional colors on scarves.
"I'm fairly new to crocheting.  I ordered the banana berry color to make my niece a blanket.  As a lot of others have said, it is sort of a rough textured yarn and slightly more bulky than your typical medium weight yarn,  It does stitch up nice though and having bought this multi colored yarn it makes it much easier to see the stitches as you're working.  The colors are super cute. When I finish with the blanket,  I will wash it up and add some fabric softener.  I'm sure it will be super soft after that."
Came individually wrapped per skein.
Shipped super fast. Was great
I love the color of this yarn!
Great service and product!
"I love, love, LOVE this bright orange color! I have checked at a couple craft stores in town but could not find anything even close to this brilliant, bright orange. The yarn is soft but not super-soft like yarn that is used for baby blankets. I have not had a chance to work with it yet since I am waiting on more yarn to begin a project but I have worked with Red Heart brand yarn before and have always been pleased with it. Also, I got my package fast so I appreciate the quick shipping :) I would def buy from this company again in the future."
great
"Huge roll, wasn't paying attention and did not realize this was the big big roll. Love the shade as well."
what can I say about yarn?  it is nice and I like the color
love the quality of the product
It did not meet my expectations.  I was expecting a light shade of coral.  It was nice and soft though.
"Received my yarn today & was very pleased that the dye lot matched some I already had! I am a long time user of Red Heart yarns and threads so I can't come up with much more praise except to say that its a good product to work with when using synthetics and although it may have some knots connecting the skein, I don't find as many as some other brands."
"Purchased as a gift for a teen learning to crochet and was a beautiful, vibrant color and softer than it used to be."
It is very rough feeling yarn...too bulky.
love it
awesome
awesome
Such a great price and the quality is definitely up to Red Heart standards..... loved the speedy delivery A+ to the vendor !! Thanks
will purchase again.
THIS YARN IS SUPER AND I LOVE THE COLOR.
Great yarn.
This is worst yarn I've ever bought. Instead of the strands being together it's like working with four separate thin strands. This happened with two different colors. I'll never buy this yarn from Amazon again!  I'd give it zero stars if i could!!
it's  turning out fine
"I really love this Yarn, the texture is soft and it lays very well!!"
Not as advertised.  Not the 364 yards as advertised.  Really 236 yards.
"If you a knitter, you can never go wrong using Red Heart yarn! They have been around for many years & I have never had any problems when I have used their products."
Great colors - love the yard
"Hi, I just bought the zebra coloured yarn.  Can someone please tell me if the skein is made up of sections where the black looks very faded and the white sections look like the black bled unto it.  When I bought it I was under the impression that it was just black and white alternating sections.  Did I get faulty skeins?  I have bought this type of yarn before in different colours and I am always pleased."
I lost count of the number of skeins of Red Heart yarn I have bought and used through the years. It is a wonderful product and I have been very lucky with this yarn and the quality. What is dis heartening is the discontinuation of  colors especially in the variegated colors. I make a fleece blanket out of two pieces of fleece and after creating holes in the fleece do a crocheted pattern around the fleece with a variegated yarn and a solid color yarn to compliment the fleece pattern. I have made hundreds of these blankets and both the fleece and the yarn can be washed and dried and remain in good shape. The vast majority of the time I have  relied on coats and Clark red heart yarn but am now finding with dis appointment  the colors are disappearing. There are other brands to chose from and reluctantly I am being forced to buy from these other companies. Be sure when doing a project to buy enough of those colors needed. I would have gladly given a 5 star review if the product was still available as it once was.  :-(
"Great yarn, soft, easy to work with.  Quick delivery."
Making a great blanket that I saw on Pinterest.  Could not find this anywhere.  Quick delivery and the yarn is very soft.
Perfect!
Everything I expected......this yarn is beautiful I have people waiting in line for it
Perfect and fast shipping - thanks!
"Very durable and more gray than in the pictures. It was the right color and the one we wanted, but the lighting for the photo is pretty bad and doesn't portray its true hue."
Fast shipping and great product!
Nice bright yellow.
Comes in as described.
bought at a great price
"This shade of Jade is a beautiful greenish blue. I am using it in an afghan of crocheted shells in colors of water from light to dark.  It is really beautiful.  Super Saver is not the softest of the Red Heart yarns but it is extremely durable and washes very well I like it for projects such as afghans or amigurumi or stuffed toys for my grandchildren where I want a sturdy yarn.

I like to buy Super Saver at my local big craft store when they run specials or have coupons but often they don't have all the colors I want.  When that happens, the internet and Amazon are great for getting the yarn to my door without any waste of time or money on gas."
Great color & product. Love this brand
Saved my project
Have no issues with this item.
Absolutely perfect! Couldn't find this anywhere in Fairbanks!
happy with this yarn
good yarn god price
"Normally a skeen has enough yarn to make what I need, this only did half."
I ought this yarn because of the beautiful color but it was way overpriced. at JoAnn Fabric and Michaels it is $2.99 and I paid $4.99
Love the color
will buy again
excelent
Exactly what I wanted! Perfect!
"I have been using this brand for years now and it is still as excellent as ever, very durable smooth and does not break easily, plus it looks beautiful when you make things with it. My favorite things are the wide variety of colors textures and quality it is easy to work with doesn't fray or snap off like some yarns that aren't made well do. This is an afghan I am working on using this yarn"
"Ah, Red Heart yarn. Perfect for penny-pinchers to practice purls...not so much for making anything you intend to wear, unless you wash your project or luck out and get a soft color. Knitting with this stuff isn't awful by any means, it doesn't split or fray very easily and even if it does you have a lot of it!
...At least you do some of the time. The gold that I ordered was 364, but the fleck I got with it wasn't. Only solids come in this amount with flecks at 260 yds and multis at about 230 yds.
Red Heart's colors also pose a bit of an issue when buying this yarn. Earlier I mentioned lucking out and buying a soft color. Well, some colors definitely are softer than others. Light colors like Gold, Aran, and Buff can be worn right off the needle. Darker colors like Coffee, Charcoal and Black really need a wash and conditioner soak before being worn, or else you'll feel like you're wearing steel wool.

Good for first time projects, good for wallets, itchy for skin"
I got this yarn to make an afghan for a friend who lost everything in a house fire. I've used Red Heart for many years and it was exactly what I expected it to be. Shipped very quickly. Highly recommended.
"I'm just learning to crochet, so I don't want to practice on expensive yarn.  This yarn is a little scratchy, I don't know if it will soften up in the wash, all I've managed to make is cat toys and I don't imagine I'll be washing any of those.

Also, the threads seems to separate into three strands instead of staying together while you're using, I don't know if this is normal or not, but it is kind of annoying.  I did find one large knot or tangle in the center of the skein, I couldn't untangle it and being inexperienced I wasn't sure how to work around it.

Since, I really don't know how to crochet, and I'm just learning the stitches, I think the yarn is fine, but once I graduate to actually completing a project, I'll look for something of better quality."
"You know what you are getting when you get Red Heart yarn. The quality never changes and it fairly good for how cheap it is. Bought this to make a santa stocking, and he looks great!"
"good product, good selection"
Very nice yarn.
"I use this yarn a lot since I 'self taught' myself to crochet. Red Heart does really well for the wobbly looking things I make. I am doing a little better though. I have used this yarn and made some pretty decent caps and pot holders. The yarn products that I have made wash well and make it through the dryer. That made me happy. The afghan I am attempting with Red Heart is going well. The colors are nice and the yarn feels good on my fingers as I diligently crochet. By the way, crocheting keeps you from eating while you watch television, too. I recommend Red Heart especially for beginners like me because it does well and it does not hurt your budget terribly. It is a very good product."
Red Heart yarn is always good.
its a pretty yarn but not what I ordered. I ordered purple tones and got the candy color.
Perfect for my project.
This yarn is advertised as having 364 yards per skein.  It only has 236 yards.  I can buy it cheaper at somewhere else.
"Red Heart yarn is the only yarn I've ever used.  I'm sure some are softer, but Red Heart is easy to find with multiple colors.  I love this color--Real Teal--and had to order an extra from Amazon since Walmart had only three and don't seem to be restocking.  Overall, it can't be beat!"
"Too tough! Cannot wear on body, only for carpet."
Favorite yarn
good quality.
soft
Item as described.  Shipping took 2 days longer than amazon promised.
good yarn
"The yarn is inexpensive and that's good for beginners. My biggest complaint is the yarn knots easily. I try to roll the yarn in a ball before I start using it, yet it still knots and after an hour yes sometimes even longer...I end up cutting the yarn and end up with pieces. I find it does not matter if it pulls out the end or start on the outside, it will knot and both ends are on the outside of the skein. If anyone can make suggestions how to avoid the cluster of yarn please post how to end up with a nice roll of yarn. After I roll the yarn into a ball I place and use it out of a ziplock bag to keep it from tangling in my yarn bag and it helps to allow it to unwind while I crochet."
beautiful color. nice yarn.
My favorite brand of yarn. Currently knitting an amazing scarf. I love the non-solid color.
Exactly what I needed
"No problem with price or quality, but no 2 skeins are the same dye lot.  There is a definite shading difference.  I can use it up on smaller projects, so I lost nothing on the deal.  The product, however, was delivered by the Post Office.  The carton was left out in the rain all day because the carrier put it outside my screen room instead of my wide open carport.  When I complained to the post office, I mentioned that there was a large note outside to not leave deliveries on that side of the house.  Sometimes I wish Amazon wouldn't use them.  The yarn dried out okay, but I am worried that the odor from the wet cardboard will not fade.  Obviously not a product flaw."
"Nothing special, but for the price does a good job."
"I love Red Heart yarn for my crocheting projects. Yarn is good quality and color is consistent. I ordered this yarn from Amazon, as an add on item and got free shipping, which made it affordable to send as a gift."
it's only 236 yds and the other's are 364 yds. OK! I'll look for the 364 yds next time. Still a great price. Dark Orchud is a beautiful color. I had to wear a mask to crochet the first skein. It's so linty. Where is all this lint coming from?
Perfect!
great yarn
great quality and fantastic color
No Problems
"Absolutely beautiful rich color.  Wish I had bought more.  I live in Costa Rica and it's difficult to get yarn shipped here affordably.  A friend brought me a suitcase full of yarn and this is one of my favorite colors.  One thing I do have to say concerning the Super Saver Economy Yarn in general, I was surprised and slightly disappointed that there was a noticeable variation in the thickness of the yarn, not within the same color, but between different colors.  I had an afghan pattern that called for two shades of green and two shades of purple.  The purples were a thick yarn almost bordering on chunky.  The greens were much thinner, almost like a baby yarn.  I'm making the pattern anyway, since I can't run down to the store and find something I like better but the different between the yarns is noticeable.  And maybe it was my error expecting consistency across all Super Saver yarns but that is what I expected."
"Great buy, exactly what I wanted."
It's yarn and it's cheap! My mom likes it a lot. Worth the money!
The yarn is thick enough and soft to make sweater plus reasonable price.  Love it
Already used this up making hats and women I know keep asking for one so there you go.
"With Red Heart yarn, I always feel like I know ahead of time what I am getting.  And once again this proved to be true.  Maybe not the fanciest yarn but it works for so many things and I'm most pleased with it.  This one helped me finish off a sweater.  Thank you"
It wasn't the same quality and the other super saver yarn I had been using for my afghan. It worked out but seems more fragile then the rest I was using.
It made a beautiful infinity scarf and fingerless gloves.
Excellent service and the product was delivered to my door. Very happy customer.
good for basic projects
"Love this yarn. I have used it for  30 plus years now. It is always consistent and I have never had and issue with lot colors not being the same. I don't ever remember someone say this.  It is super easy to use. Washes and drys (on Low till slightly damp) Beautifully. I have never had to use delicate laundry soap with this. However I don't buy laundry soap with bleaches or additives. *Ie oxi, colorfast or other things). I do was it on gentle cycle. I would not dry clothing or toys as they might change shapes. But blankets scarves and afghans wash away."
Love the Red heart yarn
These colors are so adorable together. I made leg warmers for my little ballerina friend. One skein made a set of leg warmers for a middle schooler. The yarn didn't knot when it came out and was easy to work with. I will buy super savers any time over any other yarn.
Lots of fun--great colors
This is a very pretty variegated version of the Red Heart Super Saver yarn.  It creates little spots of color rather than long runs of color change.  I find it really nice for making hats and scarves.  I generally prefer longer runs of color or solid colors that I can decide when and where to change colors.  The super saver yarn is durable but not the softest of yarns available from Red Heart.
Very happy to find this at such a great price.
Quality of yarn is great - easy to work with and color is bright.
"good quality, better than what you can get from Walmart"
Several of the skeins had red thread running through it.  I'm returning them for replacement.
"This wasn't as soft as I was looking for and I was disappointed at that, but I use this to make flowers to go on the hats that I loom for my family and friends kids and newborn babies."
"I mistakenly thought this listing was for the Jumbo Super Saver skein. Otherwise I would not have purchased. I like this yarn, it's very basic and works in crocheted afghans very well! However this price is more than double what I would pay for the same size skein at a local craft store. Please please do not buy this yarn here. Michael's or Jo-Ann has it for far cheaper. I highly recommend this yarn for big projects that need to be durable (like blankets) I just can't recommend Amazon as the place to purchase it from."
"Very pretty colors, but this yarn seems to come apart very easily."
"I really like this yarn for projects where I want durability.  If I want softness, I spring for a little extra and go for Red Heart Soft Yarn.  The super saver yarn is great for projects for children, Christmas stockings, amigurumi, crocheted rugs, etc.  There is so much color choice and the price is great (especially if you look locally and find it on sale at craft stores.)  I like that there isn't a dye lot issue and once you've used this yarn, you will know exactly the quality you will be getting in the future.  I've crochet with this for more years than I care to remember and it is one yarn that I can always find where other types go in and out of style and get discontinued."
"Love the color, however, the yarn gets stringier as you use it until it is very hard to use due to extreme stinginess. The yarn threads do not hold together, after project is finished I will not purchase again. Very disappointed in Red Heart Quality. Have used Red Heart for decades, maybe I got a bad one????"
"Yarn has a beautiful color and it is soft, however it is pretty thin, compared to other Red Heart yarns.  In some areas has some knots that needed to be cut out."
can on time this yarn is very soft.
Very good yarn makes a great hat.
Always use Red Heart yarn for my projects.  Another pretty variegated color too.
"I'm making afghans for family members with this variegated color and the stores no longer were carrying it, so I went on Amazon and found it.  It is a nice blend of colors and, so far, everyone has raved over the colors in their afghan.  One was a wedding present."
That's all that really matters.
Really liked this yarn it made a very nice scarf for my granddaughter.
Bought as a gift for my wife.
great product
Love this yarn!
Great
Super huge fan of Red Heart yarn especially when it comes to making afghans.
turned it into a snake scarf. it turned into a diamond back snake! :) a little bit hard and itchy but hey thats what you get for buying a cheap yarn.
Item received quickly and was exactly what I expected.
k
"Just a warning about this yarn .. it's not as variegated as I expected.  You move from a fairly long section of red to a short section of white to a long section of green.  There are not long sections of color gradation.  Just red, then a tiny bit of white, then green.  I was disappointed."
worked perfect to make a scarf for my brother in law who is an outdoorsman.
Beautiful soft yarn in a great color combo!  Pattern works up so nice. never disappointed in Red Heart yarn.
Yarn!!!
"I've long been a Red Heart fan.  I love the fact that more than half their products are made in the United States (my home economy).  I find that Red Heart has a consistent product, whether it was purchased in the 1950s or today.  I have some ancient Super Saver, and it has held up well.  I love the color on this, and I love the fact that it holds true to the quality expected from Red Heart"
I have used Red Heart Yarn for 20 yrs or more. I don't crochet with anything else.
"Had started a project 2 yrs ago, put it up - forgot about it, took it out to finish it, and found I need one  more skein of Petal Pink...
what are the chances I could find the same lot # after 2 yrs............Amazon had it...fantastic."
"This yarn is perfect for knitting hats, scarves, or anything to wear to support the Seattle Seahawks"
"Perfect color, I knit a LOT...and love the Super Saver size, and Red Heart Yarn.  Thank you.. Grammie Gail"
Great yarn.  I was in a hurry to buy this I guess as Walmart had it for the same price or less within a week or two but I didn't want to take a chance on not having enough to finish the afghan for my grandson in progress. As it was...didn't need it.
"I ordered five skeins of this yarn. Three in burgundy, two in buff. Buff was seriously ten times softer a than burgundy, but usually garments made out of this yarn should get a 10-20 minute soak in fabric softener,  rinsed,  then blocked. It's  half the price of other yarns, and the colors are pretty consistent.  But it is definetly easy to work with soft yarn with wooden needles, which are way more quiet than awful aluminum clanking.  For 1 cent a yard, I can deal"
Made a beautiful hat and mlittens.
Almost used all of the yarn
"Great yarn, great price and great service."
"Again, I purchased this yarn to match some yarn I had previously purchased at a local store.  I was so excited to see that Amazon had it, and that this brand didn't have lot numbers.  It was a perfect match and I finished the project I was working on,"
just what I needed
Very soft and lovely for both crochet and knitting.. glides well... a little it tanner than an oatmeal.
The yarn is tired in several places.  Not sure why but it's almost like it was cut in pieces and knotted back
Love the colors and softness of yarn.
"Great yarn, and cheaper than buying in the store."
I loved this color. made a sweater for my puppy and she loves it
I am very happy with the texture and color of the yarn and look forward to adding it to the afghan I am currently knitting for my husband!
Love Red Heart yarns
nice Yarn
I use Red Heart all the time.  It's a great yarn.
"The yarn sort of starts to separate as you use it, but still holds together quite well with normal use. I th I k my projects should last long enough. This is definitely the perfect craft yarn, maybe not so much for garments."
"Excellent yarn as usual from Red Heart!  Used it to complete a ""Raiders"" afghan for my son!"
Missing a label on one but over all looks perfect. Can't wait to use it
"It's yarn, what more can be said."
Received before delivery date.  Like it.
great pkg/shpr.
Beautiful colors but very thin. It's more like a size 2 baby yarn without the softness than a size 4 worsted weight. Also it cost too much. You can save almost $5 per skein by buying the same brand at Wal-Mart ($2.88 each).
"i was not too happy to get half way through the skein and find that that yarn was severed and knotted back together. but it a wonderful yarn to work with. the colors are soft and vivid, and it has been kitted into a beautiful vest. i have received many compliments on the color choice. if you or someone you know is a fan of purple. this Purple Tones red heart yarn is a must buy."
Cool colors
Cool color
good.
"In the past, I've bought this yarn from Walmart and really liked it. However, it hasn't been available for a while, so I thought I'd just order it online. The packaging looks the same, but the quality of the yarn is not good. It's thinner than usual, and it's difficult to work with because it snags easily."
"It is just what it says ECONOMY yarn, cheap but poor quality in my opinion."
nice color - quality was good.
good quality yarn! will use again
"Great inexpensive craft yarn.  Good color, nice texture!"
"It's good beginner yarn.  Inexpensive and easy to work with.

It's not super thick, so it's a little slow for big projects, but the colors are nice and it is soft to the touch."
"Coral yarn
It was just what I was looking for. Thank you"
Worked out wonderfully.....
Always dependable yarn!  Great color options
I love these and its cheaper on here than in the store!
I love these and its cheaper on here than in the store!
"nice size, good color"
this is nice yarn and the color is pretty
"This is a great yarn to work with.  The only problem is there is only 5 oz of yarn and I feel that is not a ""super Saver"" size.  I had to order more yarn to finish my afghan."
Gorgeous color!
Thanks!
I would like this wool to be a tad softer.  The color is great.
"I use this for creating dolls that are washable and won't lose their shape over time. However, I wouldn't wear anything made with this yarn, purely for aesthetic reasons. For a wearable garment, I would go with something involving natural fiber; not something acrylic like this yarn. Color shown is very close to actual!"
Thank you!
"The yarn was as expected - same as you would get in any craft store, more convenient to have it delivered but harder to gauge color"
I love redheat yarn. Never any dye lots and it washes up great
I love this yarn and I will be shopping with this store again. Thank you
Lovely to work with & beautiful colours.
"When my Mom couldn't find this yarn anywhere in Albuquerque, guess where I turned?  To Amazon and found the very same color.  I was able to ship it directly to her.  Once again, great job!"
Excellent
Gooooood
Thank you very much!  Arrived in time and the color is beautiful!
very nice shades of color. Exactly what was promised. Thanks.
This was a great yarn. The color is right on!
"I just received the 4 skeins yesterday, 12-6-14 & they are awesome colors to work with & can not wait til I start a blanket with them.  So glad I ordered & I really enjoy Red Heart yarns !!"
Quick delivery and item just as described
Excellent product great color shade fast shipping
Perfect color for the project I was working on and ran out of yarn. Was able to finish project in time with this
worked well for the craft project we did.
Super
Great price. Quick delivery!
Love the color
Love the color !
It is exactly what I needed to finish my blanket!!!
LOVE GOLD YARN
"Fast shipping! Not the highest quality yarn, but nice enough. I made a really cute afghan with this camo. Turned out great!"
"I was looking for yarn for an afghan, and this yarn is working out wonderfully.  It's not to ""fuzzy"" so the stitches are easy to see and I know it will wash well.  The variegated colors are making up beautifully!  Good all purpose, washable, pretty yarn!"
this was everything I expected
"excellent quality, still using the yarn"
this yarn is such a lovely color. Very easy to work with.
What I expected
Just the right shade for my eagles blanket I am making?
"Beautiful color, Great Price!"
Perfect for school colors
"Red Heart is my default yarn for crochet projects.  I highly recommend it.  What I cannot recommend is the price.  I bought a skein of Super Saver Economy Yarn, Grey Heather in early October of this year, from this page on Amazon, from Supermart, I believe.  It was under $3.00 then ($2.79, if I recall correctly).  Imagine my disappointment when I tried to order more less than a month later and the price had jumped to $7.03!  Just a few days ago, Joanne's was having a sale on the same yarn for $2.49.

As of this morning, Supermart's price had dropped to $6.58. Good.  When it drops back to under $3.00, I'll order again.

I understand the seller's right to set the price for the product.  I also understand my right (and budget responsibility) to take my custom elsewhere."
"I'm a beginning knitter and I bought this yarn because its pretty. Upon getting it and working with it, I am very impressed by the beautiful colors. It ranges from the softest lavender to a deep jewel purple and it just really pretty. Its also easy to work with. However, the plies (is that the right word? strands?) easily separate and I'm constantly finding sections of the yarn untwisted and as many individual threads instead. Still, it seems nice enough for the cost, and like I said, the colors are gorgeous!"
perfect
Perfect Halloween orange
Very nice .........
"Very nice yarn. I was not expecting that the skeins would be so big! Yarn is a little scratchy, but I have read some tutorials for softening the finished product to the point that it could mimic some of the more expensive yarns.  I purchased ranch red (or burgundy), orchid, white, cornmeal, coffee, wildflower, and light blue. I have already started a scarf with the light blue, and I would say that the skein could make two scarves, depending on the stitch, with quite a lot of yarn left over. Not to mention, it came on time. Overall, I am very pleased with this purchase."
"I love Red Heart super saver yarn. I purchased this item in Grey Heather, Mistle toe and Artist and they are all wonderful. They are soft and perfect for almost any classic project you may have. I have been crocheting tons of hats for all my relatives as the weather is getting colder and this particular yarn is great for such projects."
perfect color. I was not sure about order on linet and not see color. Was oerfect match for John Deere Greene
I loved the yarn and I finished my curtains and they look great. Thank you so much.
always like the winding dows not not
"I could not find this color yarn anywhere around me! Saw that it was in stock on amazon, ordered two skeins, and it was delivered quickly. The color is exactly like the dark purple in the picture and the yarn is just what I needed."
"I realize that ordering yarn online means there may be some color variation from what I see on the screen. I also realize a yarn called ""pumpkin"" should be on the orange side. This yarn appeared to have more of a yellow tint online and it is nothing short of neon orange! I ordered this along with another color that showed up as a very green color, nothing like what I expected, and now I have neon orange and green for a project I was really looking forward to..."
I did not get it yet however I am sure I will enjoy
THANK YOU
Color as described
I use this brand often..........
"Very Cool Color, nice and solid for a heavy-duty afghan that will last years.  JUST BE CAREFUL when you order: some skeins have different yardages from others, up to 100  yds difference between one color and another.  Had to order more, having assumed all of the Super Saver skeins of this weight listed on the online page form were identical in size.  Not so."
"Excellent color, hard to find. Glad it was Red Heart, an excellent yarn to work with."
perfect
pretty
"I love this yarn, but the information on the product is misleading, it says that is has more yardage than it really does, This one has 244 yards, according to the label on the skein. I just ordered 2 because the information in the description says it has 300 something yards."
"I love this yarn, but the information on the product is misleading, it says that is has more yardage than it really does, This one has 244 yards, according to the label on the skein. I just ordered 2 because the information in the description says it has 300 something yards."
"I love Red Heart yarn. The color wasn't quite what I needed,as its hard to match a color over the net. This yarn will definitely not go to waste, as I have a little neighbor who will be getting a lovely hat and scarf from this yarn!"
this is as good as ever and i have been using yarn for crocheting for almost 50 years...i miss some of the old colors but the new choices are awesome
not as soft as hoped for. looks great knitted up
Great Product!
Awesomeness
"Received the product quickly using my Amazon Prime account.  The yarn is as shown and described on the site - color is the same as well - nicer in person.  If you happen to get this yarn as an add-on for a couple bucks then its a good buy.  Thought the price point was fair at the time of purchase - but think using 30 - 40% coupons in Michael's you'll get a better deal.  In all, it is a good product, exactly as described and great for many craft projects!"
"This yard is awesome. It's not the softest yarn out there, but it's soft enough for an afghan to me (especially after a few washes) and the color holds up extremely well over time. Another big bonus is this yarn is the easiest to work with that I've found. Some brands are so difficult to hold onto, usually because of how soft they are, or it's the biggest pain to find the right end to work with/get the yarn to come out easily while working with it. No complaints at all from me about Red Heart Super Savor!

The red burgundy mixed with Medium Thyme was the perfect Christmas colors for this year's afghan."
just what I wanted
"I am right at the end of a project and needed one more skein.... I am so thankful I found it on Amazon, none of the store within 200 miles of my home had any left of this color."
Was what I expected.
"love it thanks! just the right coloring and so fast to be here. bridal shower is march 12,2017. thanks again!"
Satisfied
"I love Red Heart yarn...that`s the only brand yarn I use,and received it quickly....thankyou...Mona Wills"
I will be ordering more products in the future.
Fabulous!  Thank you!
Was perfect Thanks
"When it arrived, it was yarn, and it was indeed blue. It was everything I had hoped for, as what I had hoped for was blue yarn. If your hopes and dreams are limited to skeins of blue yarn, this might just be the product for you."
Does anyone know how many ounces is in this skein?  Pattern go by how many oz of yarn you need.  Is this a 5 oz skein or 7 oz skein?
Worked up nicelyl.
Color is much nicer than the picture shows.
GREAT!!
"Great yarn, works great, BUT in the photo it only shows brown, white, and pink.. just be aware that the light brown in the photo is actually light GREEN in person. I don't have a problem with it, but that is something that still would've been nice to know."
very nice yarn...came in excellent condition and promptly...i love the color of the yarn...no problem with anything...
"The yarn arrived very quickly. It's color complements the afghan I am working on. It's very easy to work with, no tangling, etc."
very good
Beautiful color scheme!
"this is a very cool yarn
as you knit it really does make a camo pattern"
everything about this purchase was great.
Great price always love red heart
great
A+
Great buy.
Love the colour
color is much lighter than it appears online and when order arrived the one skein was frayed and unusable
great
"This is really one of my absolute favorite yarns to work with. Aside from the flecks balling together, this yarn works up really easily and I love the color. The seller is brilliant as well. I received this yarn in only a couple days. Now I just have to finish that blanket I've been putting off."
nice color
I prefer red heart yarn to many of the others I have tried. It ties well and works well.
The color is perfect and was sent perfectly packaged . I work with yarn so I hope to make more purchases soon.
"As always, it perfectly matched the skein of yarn I had bought a year ago.  Hats off to Red Heart for always making yarn that matches faithfully."
"The wife got this and likes it. Same quality that she would get at the store, but a lot lower price!"
Beautiful color
"Nice yarn, I did have to double it up for a scarf (135cm) and there's still a good amount left. Very cheap and shipped fast."
excellent
It is wonderful to be able to order yarn over the internet and have it delivered to my home.  Red Heart Super Saver is one of my favorite choices for making the blankets I donate to the Linus Project.
Very happy with how fast it got here. So I could finish my project.
good yarn.  My mother needed it to finish a project
Just what I was looking for
"Product arrived very quickly, was as described and great price A++++"
Nice rich color.
"Red Heart yarn is the best yarn as far as I am concerned. I love making baby blankets out of Red Heart, and they have so many colors choices. Finding Aran yarn just had me fall in love all over again. It is a soft yarn, and I think a neutral shade for either boy or girl baby, in place of pink or blue."
Very satisfied!
Love this yarn.....
"It appears to be fine, I haven't used it yet, it's a very pretty color.
I'm sure it will be fine. Good package, arrived on time"
I liked it.
As always...great Red Heart yarn.
Thank you exactly what I needed
"Red Heart Super Saver is the brand I reach for most.  When crocheting or knitting with it, it isn't very soft but it softens up after you wash it.  I have been using this yarn for many years."
Pretty
"Good price, Amazon. Its a great all purpose econcomy yarn"
Thank you!
love it
great
"excellent. i have never  had a problem with orders. arrival time,quality just great."
"softer then i remember.  I think it was red heart team colors that scared me off the whole super savers line, but this doesn't feel sqeaky."
"Very soft and easy to work with, not to mention the rich color.  This is my go-to yarn for baby blankets!"
Perfect - and good competitive price!
"I give the yarn 5 stars although I had 2 problems with my order.
(1) The description says it is 364 yds but the label says 244 yds DIDN'T ORDER ENOUGH FOR MY PROJECT.
(2) The lot numbers were the same on all but 3 skeins were a different lot number.
I'm glad this is a variegated yarn or the color could have been off since I received yarn with 2 different lot numbers.
The yarn is great, easy to work with and very soft. Very pretty colors - like autumn leaves."
Great! Easy to work with and really resembles camouflage as it works up.
USE THIS YARN ALL THE TIME WITH GREAT SUCCESS..
"The yarn is great to work with, nice weight to it. I ran out of yarn and was able to complete an afghan that I started. Needed 13 skeins, only had 7 and I must say, the no dye lot worked for me!"
Local place didn't carry this yarn.  I had started a blanket and freaked out thinking I couldn't finish it
"Just as good as all Red Heart yarns. I love the bright color. My nephew wants a lime green afghan, this green is it."
Good yarn that is cheaper or the same price as getting it in the store.  Wife is happy!
"I found out that this yarn is way over-priced when I finally took a trip into town (an hour away) and saw it for sale at Michaels for $3.19 instead of the $7.97 price this seller is asking.
The yarn itself is dull and coarse and rough on the hands.  I decided not to use this yarn I was overcharged for and get better stuff at Hobby Lobby."
It's yarn! What more can I say?
Great product packed and shipped well
"Color is a little darker, more vivid, like it better.  Nice yarn, good price!"
"I'm still new to yarn crafts, but I like using this. It's cheap and not soft at all, but I bought it to make amigurumi and it's great for that! I just wish some of these random colors weren't overpriced here."
"Fantastic yarn! I bought it off here because I was working with this color and ran out. The store that I got it from no longer had it. When this yarn got to my house, I was shocked at how soft it was! The skein I got from the store was very course. Loved this new yarn!"
I was looking for an Orange yarn. There not hard to find but to get the right one was important and this one is Orange but not bright just Right!!!  Thank You!
"Bought this color for a man's afghan I am working on. It is all Windsor Blue and making quite
a classic look with the design I chose."
The yarn is a wonderful country color that blends well with the yarns I'm using in my afghan project. I've made 2 afghans using this yarn and plan to make a third. I'm a fan of red heart yarns. I don't think I've ever been disappointed with their yarns.
This yarn is so soft! I love the color and it's perfect for the afghan I'm loom knitting. I would definitely recommend this yarn.
"It was inconvenient that it had to be an add-on item, but it looks amazing and was worth spending all the extra money"
not enough can be said about the quality and extremely large selection of colors from red heart yarns. the quality is fantastic. both combined make my crafts fun to make and beautiful to look at and comfy to ear. thank you.
not enough can be said about the quality and extremely large selection of colors from red heart yarns. the quality is fantastic. both combined make my crafts fun to make and beautiful to look at and comfy to ear. thank you.
not enough can be said about the quality and extremely large selection of colors from red heart yarns. the quality is fantastic. both combined make my crafts fun to make and beautiful to look at and comfy to ear. thank you.
"I have used this yarn for several blankets, and it makes for a beautiful project. The finished product looks very expensive and people LOVE it!"
"Store ran out of this color, OH NO! No problem, Amazon has it in another store. Log into Amazon, search, found it, order and got it! My wife now happily finished her knitting with no mis-matched colors!"
"Good, reliable RedHeart yarn.  In process of knitting myself a vest.  I love this color print.  You can choose a color to wear and this yarn will harmonize well with it."
"I would definitely order this yarn again.  I've purchased other yarns only to find the skein pieced somewhere in the middle.
No problems here."
Its for my granddaughter. I like the colors it will go with any color you put with it. Its somewhat soft. Not scratchy.
Picture at the time of order did not match the color sent. But I did notice they did fix the issue :)
This yarn is so soft to work with. And such a pretty color. I am presently making an afghan with this color and 2 others.
"I bought this yarn for my Grandson.  I appreciate the quick service and product, but instead he wanted the Red!  Thanks, I used this yarn in doll clothes for my Granddaughters.  Thank!"
"Red Heart yarn is one of those reliable products that you can count on for good quality at a reasonable price.  That means you can make little gifts or big ones to share with friends and family without breaking the budget.  This shaded yarn is just great for Christmas items, and St. Patrick's Day.  The nice thing about shaded yarn is you get an interesting look without having to deal with changing yarns or tucking in ends.  It is fun to watch the colors develop.  So, whip up a bunch of shamrocks, or a pretty holiday throw that you won't have to put away after the holidays are past.  I have been using Red Heart products for decades and have found them to be not only reliable, but available in just about any color I can think of."
This is a good quality yarn. I am happy with the price also. It sure is nice to have it delivered to the door.
The yarn was the color shown and exactly as expected.  The purchase was cheaper than Hobby Lobby would have been.  The yarn is somewhat bulky and medium-soft.  Not for socks or baby clothes (duh) but will do nicely for my afghan.
"This yarn came in exactly as I had hoped the color would be.  It's simply gorgeous, and the right shade of coral."
"I love hip colors & this yarn is not your regular old-lady knitting yarn.  Very Fast shipping & item was described accurately.  Thank you for offering ""cool"" yarn for craft addicts like me."
It is exactly what I needed.  I had trouble finding the shade and it matches the yarn I bought years ago perfectly.
I love the gold color. I made an afghan with a purple color and it came out beautiful. I would recommend this yarn to anyone that knits or crochets.
"This yarn comes in a large bundle for an extremely cheap price. It is lush and perfect for any knitting projects, and the color is eyecatching. I would highly recommend this bright and beautiful yarn for anyone who has a passion for knitting without spending excess money."
I so love to crochet!! ... and what is better than crocheting? Getting the yarn for a really good price!!!  My only wish is that the texture of the yarn would not be so rough!! and SO many knots in the skein! :( ... but other than that.... I LOVE IT!
"You can't beat red heart super saver for value.  it is not the softest of yarns,  but Ian find some colors are softer than
others.  I do a lot of knitting and crocheting for charity and I find that if I make a conscious effort to crochet looser than usual, there is no problem.  This color - amethyst - is especially beautiful.  Everyone loves it."
gorgeous color and quite soft.  i have not used it yet but just looking at it i can tell it will make something nice.  the fades are nice and gradual and go from a light lavender to a deep purple.
"I love this yarn.  It is beautiful and easy to crochet, as I am using it for my first afghan along with some light and dark purple super saver yarn."
"Very good disruption of the yarn it is pretty and it works up real good. It is a super saver so it is a large skein.
Have used it all up and wish I had bought more than one at the time."
"Great service, nice to find unusual colors on line."
The yarn seemed more of a vibrant color in the photo. But my main issue  with this yarn is that it was such a poor quality.  It was difficult holding the tension when I was crocheting because the yarn was so flimsy. I'm reteaching myself to crochet after having putting down my crochet needles over 10 years ago.  This yarn started to fray even before I had to pull it apart to redo a couple of rows. In my humble opinion this yarn was not worth the over six dollars I paid for it. I certainly would not use it to crochet gifts for family and friends.
It was the correct color; it was received quickly; and it is the same good quality yard that I have come to expect from Red Heart.
Always good quality yayn.
"I was looking for just the right color to make something with a Denver, Rockies theme and this was just what I needed!"
"Good quality yarn.  I bought this yarn to make a scarf and mittens for my step daughter.  With both projects, they did work out so that the pattern did reflect camouflage garments."
It was perfect and matched my work and was perfect and sending was a day early. Glad I was able to match  it. You were a life saver
"I ordered a few different yarns from red heart, since i loved using them before. Sadly this time when i used them, the package was stolen off my porch and they refused to give me a refund or to resend me the yarn I ordered. Very disappointing."
This is really good yarn. I like the brand because they have a lot of different colors to choose from.
"Well, I needed yarn. No particular color, just needed yarn. This is yarn...exactly what I needed. I couldn't really ask for anything more..."
"Red Heart yarns have been around as long as I can remember.  While not quite as soft as some of the ""fancy"" yarns, they always work up well and hold up to use. In fact, I particularly favor this brand for making bags, mittens, etc as they hold up well.  I like to keep these big skeins on hand in assorted colors, so I can make up a scarf, bag, or other quick project whenever the mood strikes me."
"I was attracted to this yarn by the soft, shaded colors.  It makes a very attractive garment.  It really gives the finished product a lovely, special look.  I used it to make a shawl, and I am very pleased with the results.  I have already ordered some additional skeins to have on hand."
"Wonderful to have purchased this item on sale. It was a great buy.  Thank you!

I would definitely buy more."
Red Heart has a good quality yarn. I love this bright christmas yarn for my holiday projects. The price was good also.
It is easy to work with and the colors are very nice and actually true to the picture.  I use a lot of Red Heart yarns and have always been satisfied with it.  Great for afghans and very reasonably priced.
Item as expected. It was impossible to find this color locally. I was glad that it was available through internet.
I can drive to Chipley and buy same yard but shopping with Amazon is so much easier and the price is always better would recommend to anyone who hates to get dressed and go shopping... on line is the way to go
"variegated  purple  made  a  lovely  winter scarf
nice  soft  material  and  not  ichy  yeah
would  buy again--and  recommend to  friends"
"nice  color--nice  and  soft--made a winter neck scarf out  of  it  and  its real  nice
there is  no better yarn  than  red  heart"
"I've been using Red Heart yarn for years and it's always been nice and soft and easy to work with.  However when I chose this variegated combination to use in my current project I noticed it's very scratchy and rough feeling and also hard to work with.  It doesn't slide off the crochet hook easily.  I love the colors they make in this combination yarn but there is something about the fabric content that makes it scratchy so I won't be using it again.  I compared the content to the plain colors and it's the same so they must be doing something in the color process that makes it rough.  Come on Red Heart I know you can do better, your yarn has always been so great to work with and such a bargain to buy.  Don't mess it up now!  I'll stick with the solids."
Good quality yarn and matched the color I had purchase years ago when I first started this project.  You can't go wrong with a Red Heart yarn.
Great product.  The color was a perfect match to my project I had been working on.  Shopping was great also
This is not a super saver yarn. Super saver is a lot BIGGER size at the price I paid It should have been a pounder size. I'm going to return this order. It is way over priced.
"I purchased 4 skeins of this yarn for my 4th grade students to use in making a Mother's Day gift.  (Crochet-covered Coat Hangers)  I selected this variegated yarn because  and I know my students will LOVE the beautiful colors.  Also, the yarn has a marvelous texture and doesn't fray or untwist readily, as some yarns do; it will be easy for small, inexperienced hands to use.  Finally, the price is right, and I had no problem spending my own money for this special school project.  My kids' moms deserve it!"
Red Heart yarn has never let me down. I rated it 5 stars because that's what it deserves. I will always buy Red Heart yarn!
Red Heart is always good quality everyday yarn and this batch was no exception. I made my co-workers some nice hats!
"It almost feels like it has a glue-y coating.  not sticky, but sort of stiff.  I don't know if it will change after it's washed, or not."
I misestimated how much of this I needed to finish my project and none of the stores were willing to order more. I was so happy to be able to get more without paying double the price in a store and then paying another $30 in shipping. I have a prime account.
I was very happy with colors in this varigated yarn. I made it into a hoodie for a little girl and she is a happy camper.
"This is very camouflage looking, which I like a lot. Maybe a little more so than the actual camouflage colored yarn. I like making afghans and pillows with it for me and other people so I use this color a lot. And it holds up ok if I have to undo and redo something. And it just gets a little fuzzy in the wash so far. Wish it was cheaper."
"The yarn was just what I needed.
Thank you for promptly sending the yarn.
The books were all fine except for the condition of The Daily Bible.  All of the books we have ordered have been in really good condition except for the one mentioned above.  It was disappointing, but we kept it anyway.
Jeanie Swartz"
I used this to make my 1st pair of socks - tube socks - and everyone loved the way the color looked in them.
"If this item had been available, it would have only been priced at $2.44 per skein. I needed the yarn to
Complete a project that I was working on, or I wouldn't have ordered it at the price that it was sold. I checked stores
In a 25 mile radius before I ordered online."
"This yarn is very coarse. It was not nice to work with. The colors are play, but I hated crocheting with this."
Yay! I Just got this today! Right on time! Thank you! cannot wait to knit some slippers for my husband! Great Company!!! A+++++++++
I love how these colors blend together.  I knitted a shawl and it's very soft & lovely.  Very easy yarn to work with.
When I received this I had to look at it three or four times because it isn't really a coral color but more like a burnt orange color. So be warned before purchasing.
Guess need to know the ounces on yard as I paid 7 for this and can get it at Walmart for 2.69 Not ever going to get yarn online again
Working with this yarn on plastic canvas is not recommended as it broke apart to easily and shredded apart to easy
"Was making a throw blanket for one of my daughter's friends.  The zebra was perfect!  She is into black so the black, white, and grey gave it a change nice look."
"Since when did Amazon become the yarn police? I was only allowed to buy four skeins when it says there are 19 available. Now as a long-term Prime member not only do I have to spend 25 $ , I am limited to how many I can buy. It's like saying you can only buy two cups of flour when you need four. While I am at it...Amazon use to always have the best prices but not anym ore. I doubt I will renew my Prime Membership"
"The yardage of the skein was smaller than I expected. It is not ""Bright"" yellow. It is just plain old yellow. In the picture it looks florescent yellow. Do not go by the picture! You can also but the same exact yarn at the store for $2.99. Not a happy customer. I will never buy yarn on here again! The problem is not with the seller. They have been great and refunded me for my purchase even though they did everything correct. The problem lies with the picture and description provided by Amazon. Thank you Stuff4Scapbooking! You have turned my frown upside down! Still not happy with the picture resolution provided by Amazon!"
I did not like this yarn.  It was a very scratchy yarn and the colors were much duller than the picture (think army green instead of grass/tree green).
"I was disappointed in my purchase.  The yarn was priced to imply that it was 14 oz skeins, but was really only 7 oz.  Also, the yarn has many knots in it, making it unusable at times."
Loved this mix of colors.  Very colorful but not bright.  It makes a nice cowl.  Red Heart yarn is a standby product.
This was just what I needed to finish my project!  I even have some left over for another one!  Thanks!
I love Red Heart Yarn!  If I start a project and run out of a color I can always get more of the exact same.
"I have been looking for this variated color for a long time, because I had a skein of it when I was young.  I really thought that the color had been retired.  The yard worked just great for a head-band.  Just like I remembered!"
Great yarn for multiple projects.  Item as described.  Color is a muted green but blends well with other colors.  Excellent price.
The yarn was exactly as described.  I was very happy with it.  I would definitely order more if I needed to.
"I could not find this color at my local Walmart, which is not surprising, but I got this and made the infinity scarf and it looks awesome!"
I bought several yarns to make presents this year and am going to make some with plastic canvas! Items were well worth the wait.
I love the color of this yarn. It is so easy and pleasant to work with. I make winter hats with this. I also liked the huge selection of colors to choose from. Thank you so much and I hope you had a Happy New Year.
But it's not as soft as I thought it would be.  Made a nice at and a scarf for little boys.
Had A Hard Time Finding This Color Since A Store Deified To Close In My Area. So Glad I Found It On This Site. Making A Queen Size Blanket For Me And My Baby.
"My mother made me a scarf with this yarn. I am very happy with it. Soft, pretty color, nice quality."
It really took a long time to get here. Found what we needed at a local store to complete the project.
"Works very well for the project we wanted it for. A little more fuzz then I would like, but I can put up with that for the price."
This color must not be produced any longer.  I needed two rows to finish my afghan.  Thanks for having it and for prompt shipping
"I have used Red Heart yarn for many years and no matter what the color never have I been disappointed,  Mexicana always get great comments when I am working with it."
"I use Red Heart Yarn a lot. It's affordable and fairly soft, and has a great selection of colors. The shipping was fast too."
Wrong item description! It is stated that it is 364 yards and when received it the yarn is 244 yard. This is overpriced for the yardage. WalMart has 244 yards for $2.50
I have used Red Heart yarn for many years.  My only regret is that some of the older patterns call for colors that are not available.  Am pleased with how it works up in my patterns.
Knits up unexpectedly beautiful!  The skein doesn't do it justice.  Little bit of a rough feel that all super saver yarns have.
I found this yarn on sale at Amazon for less than what I would of paid for it at Walmart. Very beautiful color and it will make a nice afghan. Very convenient to have delivered to the door. I bought it with another purchase so I received free shipping. Great bargain!
Turned out nice blankets and made several of them crocheted. It was worth the money and came at a decent time.
This is another to good to believe. they give you  a great price on the product but pad the shipping cost pretty badly. and trying to get a proper refund is a laugh so buyers beware. I haven't been able to place a claim because the system is not working on this one.
I Love this yarn.  I make potholders mostly and this yarn seems heavier than others. I highly recommend this product.
"I triple checked the numbers before I ordered, and they didn't match what I had.  I made due, but was unhappy."
"The shipping was super quick and its a great price. My only complaint is that I ordered the yarn in the color Buff and they sent me Buff Fleck. It it pretty much the same it just has small ""flecks"" of darker browns and blacks throughout. It looked fine in my project so I was ok with it."
The painted desert yarn  is very thin and texture is rough i have used red heart many years and haven't had this problem
When I purchased these two skeins of yarn I was under the impression that the price stated was for the 14 oz size per skein not the 7 oz for the same price.  I was excited that there would be no fee for shipping and handling but upon receiving the product I was disappointed to get something that I could go to Wal-mart for a pay only $2.77/skein.
I haven't started on my shawl yet but I know it will turn out great and will go with several different colors.
awesome! absolutely love it! best purchase i have made. price was great for my budget. already recommended to my family and friends.
"A friend of mine is having a little boy so I crocheted her a ripple baby afghan using Monet, and a shade of mint green, light blue, and lavendar.

Red Heart has always been a favorite yarn for many years, but can be a bit scratchy and abrasive due to its all acrylic content.  It is a good alternative for those allergic to wool.  It is machine washable and dryable, and holds its shape well.  It's a more inexpensive yarn than most, so it is a good yarn for beginning knitters and crocheters to start with if they want to build a stash on a budget.  I ordered this particular skein online because it was cheaper than Walmart.com's price, and the local craft stores were out of this particular color combination."
I got my yarn. It was exactly what I ordered. Now I can finish the project that I had started.
the yarn was the perfect match for the black yarn I had already. They made Saints hat beautifully. it was just what I needed.
This yarn is very nice to work with. The color goes great with  navy blue.  It makes beautiful hats and scarfs for my grandsons.
I could hardly wait for my order to arrive and arrive it did on time as usual! Due to the cold snap we've have been experiencing this past week (cold by Hawaii's standards anyway)  I've been busy with my needlework and am glad to report that I am warm and fuzzy and as snug as a bug in a rug. I highly recommend this product to anyone who knits and crochets. Maholo and Aloha.
I can't believe this is even made. It is the most unpleasant feeling yarn I've ever felt. A total waste.
"If you've used this brand, you know exactly what you will be getting - same, consistent yarn every time.  I bought this same brand and color a few years ago from somewhere else and had a little bit left over.  Purchased this skein and added it to what I already had - can't tell where one ends and the new begins.  Made a cute, small blankie for my toddler nephew.  Purchased a similar skein (Calliope color) for my niece who is expected in a couple of months.  Love the consistency with this yarn - no surprises mid-project."
I love red heart yarn.  It is affordable and most of the skiens are pretty soft.  This is an exception.
"The color is darker than pictured but of course you cant go wrong with the quality of Red Heart. I wouldn't order yarn again from here, I just go to Herrschners and buy there now."
I have always used Red Heart for years in afghans as it lasts for years. Its a nice medium blue.
"DEFINATELY RED.  I LIKE THE VIBRANT COLOR.  IF YO LIKE THE COLOR RED, YOU WILL LOVE THIS YARN.  IT IS A LITTLE ROUGH BUT IT IS ACRKYLIC WHICH EXPLAINS WHY."
"I bought this for an ""octopus"" project with our students.  We have boys, as well as girls, so I chose this for the boys.  It worked very nicely and the price was unbeatable.
It is the exact colors that it shows in the picture."
"The colors are amazing. I got the camouflage yarn. The colors were very nice when knitted and it was easy to work with. There were some knots in my yarn skein though. My only major issue is that its not as soft as other colors in the super saver color palette. Its very rough and hurts my neck when I where it. Very itchy and scratchy on my skin. I'm trying to use a loose stitch now to see if that helps. I'd recommend this yarn though. Great buy for the price!

Update: loose stitches...like extremely loose made it softer!! Very happy."
I received the yarn and it's perfect. It came quickly and it was priced reasonably. I will try your company again. Thanks again and Merry Christmas and Happy New Year
I yard was so soft and easy to work with I will defiantly buy it again.  The price was very good as well.
"As this yarn name implies it is a NEON green, hence GLOW WORM, and not a light or pastel green by any means. It's really hard to get a neon color in a yarn but this comes pretty close. I also purchased this color with another Red Heart neon color in pink. I like Red Heart yarn because they always come up with interesting color combinations and is easy to work with. I purchased a cheaper brand of yarn at Michael's once and it wasn't worth it - it was thin and it frayed a lot."
"With my Prime shipping account I got free 2-day shipping on this yarn and at $2.79 sale price making the price very comparable to Wal-Mart. I was able to get enough skeins to finish my project all at one time in the same dye lot. I do wish there wasn't a 4-skein limit on yarn though, and also that I could order yarn without having to buy it as an add-on item. I loved that each skein of yarn is individually packaged in a sealed heavy plastic bag. I've never seen such good care taken of a yarn product by anyone. Thanks Amazon! Though a bit rough, this yarn holds up well for afghans and softens up a bit after washing. Solid colors have no dye lot, and I really haven't noticed a color difference in different dye lots in the multi-color lines. Using the camo, I've crocheted dog sweaters, afghans, and men's winter scarves."
Good yarn.  Arrived on time and color great.  Just what I needed.  Larger skein very useful.  Makes fewer ends to hide.
"It's beautiful yarn, but it's kind of stiff. I don't know how it washes because I make scarfs out of them and give them as gifts. I would purchase it again, from another store. It's too expensive on here. It arrived on time and was packed right."
Easy to knit with (no tearing of the strands) and the color makes great striping. It's not that soft but not noticeably scratchy. I made fingerless mittens for a friend who rides a bike in the winter and he loves them.
"If you want a soft green color do not buy this! This is a bright green color, not at all like the picture shows!"
This is a very vibrant and consistent type of yarn. It's perfect for bright scarves or amigurumis (toys). It is a bit expensive on Amazon though (I would suggest buying it from Walmart or Hobby Lobby!). Overall a great yarn for beginners and experts alike!
The pumpkin color is more tangerine then what is shown in the preview.  Would be nice if they had a more true to color picture.
I love Red Heart yarn.  I love the price on this and the color is exactly what I wanted and as shown.
I am going to love crocheting with this bright soft color! It was just the way it showed on Amazon.com. I love it and like to do bright things during the fall and winter months.
This was hard to find locally so I was super happy to find it online! Great for helping me finish my project :)
just what i wanted. am able to completey project. and i will continue tobuy from amozon items i enjoy. and items i collect
"I chose this rating because I am very happy with my order and it was exactly what I wanted.
I liked everything about it and would recommend all of my crocheter friends to the web site."
"this white, combined with shades of blue, made for an interesting project for a friend...I ordered it for her (she doesn't own a computer) ...""the item turned out perfectly"""
"I'm probably spoiled because I use acrylic yarn, the soft yarn from Red Heart and another company.  I did not enjoy working with this, but if you want worsted weight cotton, it is the yarn for you."
I made a afghan with this yarn and love the way it turned out.  It will be a Christmas present for one of my grandchildren.
"I needed more of this yarn to finish an afghan and could not find it in stores.  It was priced too high, but is good quality yarn."
"The yarn did indeed meet and surpass my requirements. I have been crocheting an extra-long bedspread for my nephew, who just started college at Wooster Polytechnical Institute in Boston, MA, and the colors are burgundy and gray. Fortunately, the shades of these colors did not have to be exact, so I have been able to ""play"" with them...just a little. I already had a darker gray and some burgundy, so this was a perfect fit. I should be done in several weeks, and will send it to him ASAP...

Thank you very much for the help!

Barbara"
"The yarn itself is great, and exactly what I use (I use about 20 skeins of Mexicana a year for lanyards), but the description for what I bought said 364 yards. The skeins I got were only 244 yards. I went back and looked at the image after my order came in, and the picture does show 244 yards, but I trusted the description when I ordered. I didn't mind paying 7.87 for 2 of the 364 yard skeins, but that is pretty high for 2 of the 244 yard ones."
It's very pretty but not very soft. It's a good bargain and it crocheted up nicely. It was just a little rough to work with.
I have used this yarn for years.  And have always had great results.
"When you get a great product for a great prize you just have to smile.
Will ordwe more of this yarn no question about it."
"The yarn was what I wanted, but contained much less yarn than the description stated. I did not have enough yarn to do the project I wanted to do, so had to change patterns. I was very disappointed. If I would have known this I could have ordered more, I hope this will get corrected. This is the first think I have ordered that did not meet my expectations. Thank you."
I am making an afghan for a  Christmas gift and looked at the local stores for this shade of yarn to no avail.  I should have looked on Amazon.com first and would have saved a lot of time and gas.  I now know to look on Amazon for whatever I am looking for because I can always find it and usually save money as a prime member. I cannot thank Amazon enough.
The yarn is exactly what I was looking for & the green tones are a nice blend. It's will look good as a scarf.
"it doesn't matter what color, you can rely on this brand.  I have been making afghans, sweaters, both knitted and crocheted.  They turn into works of art.  Something you would be proud to hand down to the next generation."
"I have used a LOT of RED HEART yarn over the years but never have I used anything this stiff and unyielding. I bought this because I thought it was pretty. I knew I wanted to use it, but wasn't quite sure what I wanted to make. I ended up using it to crochet 5 squares of a 25 square blanket. This was the most difficult yarn I've ever worked with. On the bright side, my blanket is beautiful..."
"I am making an afghan with this yarn in 3 different colors for my husband. I had originally bought them in a store, but when I started running low on the colors I couldn't find them anywhere! So glad that I found them on here. But the only reason I bought them is because I needed them. If you just want this yarn, try looking in stores first for the colors you like. You will pay twice as much on here! Just be aware. Other than that, no complains! They were the same as the ones I bought at the store, they were individually wrapped in plastic, and I received them super quick! (I'll be putting this exact review on the other yarns. They are from different sellers, but they were all $6 each and packaged together.)"
Perfect match to finnish a baby blanket. Only place I could find the right color. Using Amazon has saved the day for me. Thanks
I could not find this yarn anywhere in my home town so I looked to amazon and there it was now I can finish my project for the fair just in time! Thanks
"I bought it to use in an afghan, but decided not to use it when I found it to be so much thinner in gauge than the other colors, also made by Red Heart.  I love the color and will probably use it to make a baby blanket but , I was disappointed it would not work for this project."
"This is great yarn! Came in time,nice and soft and a good price, i will need to order more to finish my project!"
"Super Saver yarn is always a little scratchy and this is no different, but I needed the hot red to finish a project and thank heavens I was able to find it on Amazon prime!"
The only thing about this yarn that I didn't like was it's not as soft as I would have preferred. I'm making a scarf with it and I was surprised at the coarseness of it. But it's very pretty yarn and very durable. I've used Red Heart brand for years and like it very much.
"Could not find this color in stores in my area and needed to finish a project.  Found on line at the right price, and it matched perfectly."
I will be ordering more of this color. I used it to make a baby blanket. Goes well with many colors.
I finished an afghan with it. I use Red Heart Super Saver Yarn for most of my projects that take yarn.
"<div id=""video-block-R21A2SLF20EL4S"" class=""a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block""></div><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/A1FD1PkzgiS.mp4"" class=""video-url""><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/81zul3ak5kS.png"" class=""video-slate-img-url"">&nbsp;This review is regarding Pink Camo yarn and not this seller or the price.

I bought this yarn because the colors caught my eye. The Red Heart Super Saver yarns start out stiff and a bit rough. As you work it the strands become softer. After a wash or two it will be much better.

As you can see by my video, the result is quite cute. I paired Pink Camo with a rosie pink to make this baby blanket. Nice product."
"I did not see the amount when I purchased it.  So I assumed it was the big pack of yarn.  No it was not and when you pay for shipping, it makes it very expensive.  I could have bought four small skeins at JoAnn Fabrics for the price."
I needed to finish a lap blanket I started and end up with enough to lengthen it to a twin size great for a dorm room
Was able to order and receive enough yarn to complete a graduation gift. Didn't have to go looking all over town it came right to my front door.
The gift card was well appreciated because the person I gave it to uses Amazon often.  I really  love the sheets of plastic canvas and the  yarn because I do alot of plastic canvas projects
it was the exact color and flecking as the yarn I was using and I needed more of the same.  Each skein was individually wrapped and clean.
"This yarn is exactly exactly the same color as in the picture, and is decent quality yarn. I've already begun using it with my new knitting needles, and it's knitting up nicely."
great general purpose yarn. Good to make stuff for kids cause it washes like iron. Use fabric softener. Brought it at Walmart for 2.77 us dollars!
"I use Red Heart yarn to make blankets for Project Linus.  http://projectlinus.org/  We work out Of Westminster senior Center, Westminster, MD."
I am so happy with this yarn.  The color is right and I wish I ordered one more.  It is perfect for my project.  I appreciate the easy payment through Paypal and the sellers quick response.  Thank you.
Being in the middle of a project and running out of a yarn color.....finding it was exactly what was needed to complete my project.
I make baby blankets and I ran out of yarn.  I couldn't find it locally and was very pleased to find it online. It arrived promptly and the color was a perfect match for my project!
I have been knitting for a long time and have always liked Red Heart yarn. My favorite source for yarn went out of business and I was delighted to find Red Heart on Amazon. Thank you.
"I like the weight of this yarn, it works up perfectly and wears well.  The best part is the way the colors stay true.  I used to be a snob about acrylic fibers but I got over that and Red Heart yarn is very reliable, if you buy a skein today and then buy one next year, it will be absolutely the same."
It was just the right color to finish my afghan. I will be placing it in the County Fair in July. Thanks for having it available. I didn't know that I could get yarn on Amazon but I found out different.
Amazon claims this measures 364 yards in length. When I got the yarn it said right on the package 244 yards. If I didn't need the yarn to complete a project I would return it. It is completely overpriced for what you get.
"I had a baby afghan I was working on and ran out of yarn, I only had 1 row and the trim to do, I couldn't find the same yarn anywhere around where I live, so I went to Amazon.com and found exactly what I needed in just a matter of minutes.  It was the perfect match to the yarn I was using and worked great."
I had this sent to my daughter in Ohio because she was half way thru a scarf and ran out. Couldn't find it anywhere but go it here.
Don't know how you rate this.  It's yarn.  I use this brand when I can because of the quality and the price.
"It wasn't the color I was looking for at the time.
But it is such a pretty color I will use it for making something else.
Fast Shipping!!"
IT  WORKS  OUT  GREAT  FOR  ME.  I  DO  A  LOT  OF  GRANNY  SQUARS  WITH  THIS.  DO  NOT  RUN  OUT  TO  FAST.
"This yarn is an exact match to one I purchased years ago, so I am very happy with it. Good quality."
Red Heart is a great quality product. My wife ran short on a project she was working on. Got perfect color match so she could finish her project.
I have used this yarn for several years and find it excellent quality for value. It is always readily available.
"The price for this product was much more than I would have paid in the store, but I needed it and could not find in any stores.  The color was slightly different although they were both light gray.  I will definitely make sure that I have enough of the necessary color before I start another project."
"The picture is totaly differant than what I received, will have to use it due have project to complete now. Love Red Heart products but the picture does not correspond with the actual product."
This yarn is exactly what I needed to finish an afghan that I had run out of yarn on and was unable to find it in any of our local stores...saved my day.  It was received in perfect condition and in a timely order.  Thanks....
"I don't know what I was thinking when I purchased this yarn. No, wait, I am crocheting a large flowery afghan, so I decided to save money by ordering a cheaper yarn. I knew it wasn't going to feel as nice as other yarns I've worked with, but I was being experimental in this project. However, I have discovered that in order to stay motivated in working on a project, I need a yarn I enjoy working with, too. You live and you learn, right?"
"First, Amazon should make the seller(s) of this yarn CORRECT the DESCRIPTION.  The solid colors are 364 yards and the multi-colors are 244 yards.  The reason the yarn is so expensive from this seller is because you are actually paying for the ""free"" shipping.  I just ordered this Super Saver Yarn from Joann Fabrics for $2.09 per 364 yard skein and actually received TRUE FREE shipping.  The yarn was on sale this week, but usually sells for $2.99 a skein, but Joann's does not always offer the free shipping.  I ALWAYS shop around before purchasing anything on the net. Just as in brick and mortar stores, YOU HAVE TO SHOP AROUND for the best deals on the net.  The yarn is nice, thick and the colors are great, but I would NOT recommend it for any baby items."
"I love red heart yarns but see others have sometimes said it was too rough but I just throw the skein or piece I worked on with 1-2 fabric softener sheets on warn in the dryer for less than 10 minuets and it comes out supple and soft. I believe when the yarn is rough it is that is has sat around longer in a hot warehouse as yarns I used myself and then stored in my hot garage as they sometimes felt a little rough also even though when I used it prior it was more supple and softer and I don't mind the extra step.
It is the heat factor as it seems to DRY it bit. It is really no problem and I don't mind using the fabric softener sheets which are very inexpensive to get yarn to work better. I have discovered this over three years ago and my work comes out great and smells good too! I highly recommend it for the price, quality, choice of colors and the speedy delivery."
Making a great  blanket for my grantdaughter.  She loves the color and the soft feel of the yarn...can't wait to finish it and give it to her
"see comment below, making a blanket for my daughter and these are one of her colors, solf, great product, thanks"
Making a baby blanket and ran out of yarn. Could not find the color I needed in the store. This was just what I needed.
"item as described fast service would buy again
priced right
packed properly
useful clean and ready to go
happy crocheting already"
I bought this for a friend she said the color was absolutely brillent and she loved it. It is true to the picture.
"I just started crocheting again and having certain colors on hand helps, this was one of them, I use only Red Heart yarn it is the very best."
Did you know Red Heart Super Saver is made in the USA?  Good sturdy yarn that washes and dries really nicely.  A terrific staple for your Yarn Pantry.
I couldn't find this particular yarn locally and was very glad to find it on line.  It helped to complete a project.
"Finally I have enough yarn to finish the blanket, panic set in when I found I had not enough to finish the project, arrived quickly in good order, thanks!"
The final product was very scratchy.  The yarn had several tie-on knots.  Two of them were only a few yards apart.
grateful i could find this yarn to continue with my project it came overnite it seemed beautiful and happy i have options to order again
"I purchased this yarn to make a scarf for my daughter, and help her learn to crochet.  Nice weight for beginners and is nice and soft for a scarf."
"I purchased this on line because it advertised the skein was 364 yards of yarn, not 244 yards. Had I known it was only 244 yards I could have purchased this at my local yarn shop for $2.99 each. Instead I paid over $6.00 each. Falsely advertised the skein was bigger than it actually is."
Was needed for a project to be completed unable to find locally. Red heart is very good quality yarn and last forever with proper care.
"I have it an okay rating. It's good yarn but a bit on the pricey side for the size. I', making a blanket & almost done the yarn now & will need lots more. It's machine washable & study though."
Color is a Bright Pumpkin Orange NOT golden yellow as shown. The color recieved is a nice orange for pumpkins and pumpkin hats so I did not return.
Came promptly and packed neatly..just what I expected and colors in the ad matched the actual color of the yarn...That's extrmemely important to me.
"I've just been using Red Heart Super Saver Camo - Pink Camo for Crochet Afghan Squares to make a picnic blanket and I am in love with the colors that mould into each other as I work up my squares. The combination of colors are really attractive. The texture is tough and sturdy so it would be ideal for making items that are used away from the skin like blankets, afghan squares, mats, wine bottle holders, purses, handbags, etc. For the price, I am enjoying what I got and can't wait to finish all of my squares with this yarn and have myself a picnic on my new afghan! Overall, I would purchase this yarn again."
Exactly what I wanted and needed.  I want working a project and needed this yarn to finish it.  Love it.
Loved that this was the second one in line to ship fast! :) Thanks guys Keep up the good work!
The only reason I didn't give this a 5 start rating is because it was not the same color as the one skein I had left over from another project.  I was just hoping it would match.  I will still make my project.  Good price.
Came in record time and was exactly what I needed so happy I found it here it was out of stock in stores
"Ok but I wish it was more soft but I like it  , the color was. Nice every body like it"
"Ok but I wish it was more soft but I like it  , the color was. Nice every body like it"
"Ok but I wish it was more soft but I like it  , the color was. Nice every body like it"
"Ok but I wish it was more soft but I like it  , the color was. Nice every body like it"
I use Red Heart a lot and the Super Saver skeins are always the best deal. I use a lot of white because I make a lot of crocheted amigurumi.
great yarn just what I expected and needed  I was able to finish the project I was working on in time
"I purchased this yarn to complete an afghan I had started a couple of years ago.  The requested colors of the afghan were Purple, Gold, and Hot Red. I needed more Red Heart Hot Red to finish the project. Though it has been about 2 years since I worked on the afghan, this order of yarn matched  perfectly. The throw turned out well, and the colors are definitely HOT!!- thanks to the HOT RED  Red Heart Super Saver Economy Yarn."
With these 3 skiens of yarn I'll be able to make a special shawl.  If it turns out the way I hope it will because of your company! 6 stars!
"Fast shipping, and good quality of yarn.  the color matched another skein I bought elsewhere.  Feels a little rough while working it, but softens quite a bit after washing."
"This is a great yarn and my father loves it
I love this yarn.
I would recommend to everybody who loves to do rugs ."
"Great,bright color. Strong and very durable yarn. Nice quality for blankets,hats,scarves or any kind of craft you have in mind. Red Heart is a good brand all in all."
"Just as ordered, I'm always happy with red heart yarn. The color matches perfectly with the yarn I already have."
"The color on this yarn was spectacular and worked up very nicely..many
compliments.  I will say I was disappointed with the feel of the
yarn...much too rough for a baby blanket.  I have used this yarn
in the past which is why I bought it and it was much softer."
"Amazon.com and Red Heart - can there be anything wrong? Timing was fast, thank you Amazon.  Product was exactly what I needed, thank you Red Heart.  Buy from the best, and you get the best."
I will use the product to finish an item I had been working on.  This product is apparently no longer manufactured  & cannot be found in local stores.
This was the perfect color for me to be able to complete my project. I use Red Heart Yarn a lot
"It's what I needed. Couldn't find this product in any of the stores, so the higher prices were okay since this color couldn't be found around here."
I only rated this 2 stars for the price. I just bought the same yarn. Same weight and length at Walmart for 2.77. That's half of the price they have it on here.
"This yarn has hot pink tones through maroon tones. It is darker than what is pictured, in general. The picture shows some pale pink areas, but none of the yarn has any pale tones. And the picture depicts more dusty rose tones, and the actual colors are mostly very deep or vibrant, with no dusty rose shades at all in it. There is more maroon than pink. I would say that it is misnamed, and would be closer to red tones, rather than pink tones. It's not a bad combination, it's just not what I expected, given the picture and the name."
"<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Red-Heart-Super-Saver-Yarn-Aruba-Sea/dp/B00281QFCG/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Red Heart Super Saver Yarn-Aruba Sea</a>Redheart Super Saver Yarn is a great yarn for many projects because they have no lot numbers. They can be found at various stores for $2.99 per skein where I live. All sellers on Amazon are ripping you off. Contact your stores to order colors you want or go to redheart online to order (though more expensive, it is still cheaper than any Amazon dealer).

As much as I love buying through Amazon and love this yarn I am disgusted by the excessive markups of this product."
"Red Heart Super Saver Yarn is a pretty great bargain. Michael's sells it for about $2.99 (I doubt it's much different at other large brand craft stores) and as you can clearly see, you get a lot for a little and there are a good deal of colors to choose from. The yarn itself is 100% acrylic - part of the reason it's so inexpensive. To some, this can be a serious drawback. Many people dislike the somewhat scratchy feel of it, and I can't blame them. It's not the softest yarn in the bunch, but who can be surprised with such a nice price? I would not recommend this yarn to use for sweaters or other clothing items. Unless you're making it for yourself and don't mind the somewhat scratchiness. (Note: a single wash can help ease the scratchiness.) Another thing to note is many people are ""yarn sensitive"" and acrylic can bother the skin. In which case, I'd look for cotton and other natural fiber yarns. But on the flip side, Red Heart Super Saver is perfect for stuffed animals, dolls, and amigurumi of that sort. It's durable, especially when you figure that you won't be throwing your amigurumi in the wash that often. I find it easy to work with, especially because it's a tight yarn and stuffed toys generally benefit from Red Heart's tightness. Unless you're making a stuffed toy for a baby to snuggle with, it's great for children's toys. And, who can forget the price! A few other drawbacks, though minor, I noted are that I tend to find a couple superficial tangles in the skeins that annoy but do not ruin the whole thing. Also, I occasionally pick up a skein that just doesn't work the way I'd like it to. For example, I bought a skein of the skin colored one and found that it just didn't work like the other skins of RHSS did. I guess there are lemons in every product, but still a bit annoying.

Overall...

PROS:
- Excellent price
- Large color palette, including some unique multicolored options
- Widespread availability
- Good for making stuffed toys/amigurumi
- Easy to work with for many
- Lot of yarn included
- Durable sans the washing machine

CONS:
- Scratchy (though one wash can help soften it up)
- Acrylic (only a con for some)
- Splices a little easier than other yarns (I repeat, you get what you pay for!!)
- Wears after a couple washes
- Occasional little tangles in the skein
- Some skeins are lemons

Overall, I recommend this yarn for someone who would like to use it for toys, not garments. Blankets and large afghans, I think it would work for that too as long as it wasn't designed to be soft or sensitive on the skin."
"The price on this yarn is great, but it is not great quality by any means.  It's very scratchy.  Also, the color is more bubble-gum pink soft petal pink like it is in the picture.  But, you can't beat the price.  It's a good yarn to practice knitting on."
"This is a great variable color yarn that ships quickly.  I've bought it from this merchant more than once, usually clearing the inventory.  Love it! :)"
Made 2 quilts for a friend with this yarn.  It is very nice and washing it is good.. comes out very nicely.
I was shocked when I got this yarn. I was looking for bright colors and that is just what I got!
The yarn was great color and fun to work with. It made some very nice dish cloths. It was a good buy.
"This yarn is great yarn. I use it all the time. I seen it on line thinking this would be great for me not to have to go to the big box store. But I purchased this yarn for 7.61 thinking this was the 14oz. Big scans when I received it, it was only 6 oz. U can buy  this at the store for only 2.59. I also purchased several colors one was the camo color said it was 10oz. In the description price 5.00 for it and when I got it, it was only 3 oz. Just a little guy. Never seen that size before. Im not sure if they pulled them wrong or what.  So I guess back to the box stores. Thanks anyways"
Right color but not good to use when making stocking caps as product does not give. It also takes quite a bit more as this yarn is very thin!!!!!
"This color is very popular here in the US and they run out of this alot I had made a sweater with this color and everyone wants one , I wish I could get it cheaper though. but overall great"
"I needed this light sage color to finish an afghan and could no longer find it at any of my local stores.  I had to finish the project by a certain date so went to Amazon.com and there it was.  Good price and reasonable shipping charge.  If I could have found it locally, of course, I wouldn't have had to pay for shipping at all, but when you absolutely have to have something, it's nice to be able to find it.  It arrived well before the date estimated by the vendor too."
I needed this because was making a blanket and stores decided to discontinue selling the color. was fast and matched exactly what i was using before so was able to finish blanket
"Red Heart Super Saver yarn is a good quality, inexpensive yarn. It is a bit scratchy, however, and can irritate your skin while you knit or crochet with it. The pull skeins always give me trouble, too. They rarely work like they are supposed to and they become a tangled mess towards the end. But, in the end, you get a nice-looking project that holds its shape through multiple washings.

Paddy Green is the perfect shade for all of your St. Patrick's Day craft projects!"
"Red Heart Super Saver yarn is a good value. It's cheap, durable and washes well. The downsides are that it's scratchy and can irritate your skin when you knit or crochet with it. The pull skeins often don't work or become very tangled towards the end.

I've used this particular color (Turqua) in a few projects and love its bright hue."
"I wouldn't use this for clothing, but if you make toys (amigurumi especially), this stuff is great!  Amigurumi is meant to be worked tight, using a C hook and WW yarn will do that for you.  It gives you a nice stiff toy that hides stuffing well.  A little goes a long way as well because you are using a smaller than recommended hook.  As I said, it's not perfect for every project, but for toys, it's the best!"
"This yarn isn't as nice looking at the picture, but it's good enough for the price.  I am familiar with the brand so I knew what to expect.  On the other hand, it's a nice color and it's easy to wash and care for."
"Red Heart Super Saver Yarn in Candy Print knitted up to be the cutest toddler's hat ever. I crocheted on some contrasting trim, and the result was awesome.

This yarn might seem just a trifle stiff when you first finish your project, but I guarantee that one quick wash with some fabric softener will make it absolutely luscious.

I am ultra-satisfied with this yarn and would use it again for another project!"
"I'm knitting with the zebra-colored Red Heart yarn now. It looks great so far. The grays and blacks and whites are zigzag-ing as I knit; at times they blend in with each other on the scarf I'm making, and other times they are solid and don't.

My favorite thing about Red Heart yarns is that you get a lot of yarn considering how much you paid for it, as opposed to yarn from any other company. Other brands like Lion Brand and Patons are just about the same quality, but more expensive per yard. Walmart and craft stores like Michael's and JoAnn Fabrics probably has the best prices. With Red Heart yarns, you can plan to make a big project without paying $30 or something just on yarn.

On the other hand, it IS acrylic yarn, and from what I've been told, the items you knit or crochet wear out a little over time. Acrylic is synthetic and cheaply made, so after a few years, I think little fuzzy balls spring up from the work. If you want to make something that'll still look excellent in 10 years, get wool yarn. But if you want some inexpensive yarn that you can put in the washing machine without a problem, get Red Heart super savers. The choice is yours..."
"I really like it... It's light, soft and the actual colours correspond to the computer image... The yarn is extra big in a very economical price.."
"I buy Red Heart Super Saver yarn because I can get a lot for a little, but it's honestly not my favorite yarn.  It's rough, although it softens up a bit in the wash.  I prefer yarn that is soft to the touch right out of the skein.  I also don't think it wears well.  After a few washes, it begins to look a little ragged.

Super Saver does have some redeeming qualities.  It is cheap, and easier for a beginner to work with than some of the specialty yarns that sometimes require us to work by feel.  The colors are consistent from skein to skein.  When they say no dye lot, they mean it.  I have never had trouble mixing old and new yarns.  The colors always match.

PROS:
+ inexpensive
+ no dye lot
+ easy for beginners to work with

CONS:
- feels rough but will soften up a little in the wash
- doesn't wear well over time

I personally wouldn't choose this yarn to make a gift.  I sometimes buy it for whatever reason and always regret it, because then I'll have a stash I need to use up.  They're okay for adult blankets or stuffed animals.

____________________

UPDATE:  Try as I might to get away from it, I still use a lot of Super Saver and the pile grows.  I make the most of it by combining the colors.  I'm horrible at that, so I use the colors on other patterns and make my own pattern with those colors.  Try mixing this grey heather with burgundy, aran and black.  In the right combination, the burgundy will pop from the background, softened by the aran and grey."
"I am sure that this is the yarn you need for this color.  I picked it & am not unhappy about it.

I have been able to use this yarn in crochet, knitting, home applications & outdoor ones.  It is a very versatile yan

I would recommend it with a heart beat."
it is a great brand of yarn and i am pleased to have it available to me on my favorite site.
Not sure why but mine has a huge knot in it where the yarn was cut and tied back together. Not cool for a product that is ment to be one package of yarn. Not good if you are making a large project where you need the whole yarn length. Or even smaller project as it would be hard to predict when you would get to this knot.  Very inconvenient.
My daughter really liked the scarf and hat I made with this yarn. So soft and pretty.
work very good with my pattern
Yes this yarn was excatly what I needed to crochet an apron. I will be using this same yarn when I start working on my husband blanket
I love this brand of yarn for projects with the kids. It's durable and a large quantity. We used this yellow for the ends of bookmarks. It really made them pop and the kids had fun cutting the yarn.
"This is OVERPRICED for a regular size skein. Don't do like I did and pay 3x the normal price for a regular size skein. I live overseas at the moment and can't buy my usual yarns here so I have to order online. By the pricing I thought it was the biggest skein bc this is what I paid for the huge one last time I got it. I give it 2 stars bc I like the yarn for projects that need to hold a certain shape bc this is a rough, stiff yarn.."
Good price for a large skein of yarn. Interesting color.
Wonderful.  I need more.
"I couldn't find Red Heart Super Saver Yarn in Antique anywhere except on Amazon.  I needed one skein.  I'd been looking for Antique at stores & online for a couple of months & could only find it on Amazon.  It cost $9.51 from this seller w/ an Amazon discount of $.36.  So, I paid $9.15 for one skein.  I had been looking so long that I decided to bite the bullet & purchase it.  I pulled an end from the center of the skein so I could wind the yarn into a ball.  After only about 1 1/2 ft, the yarn tugged.  Oh Oh!!  I reached into the middle of the skein & found a knot w/ the other loose end knotted all up in it.  The yarn was twisted & knotted around itself throughout the entire skein.  It took me almost 4 hours to unknot it, cut out the knots where loose ends had been sloppily joined, & wrap it into a ball. I had to weave the small ball of yarn I had started through, into, around, & over constantly.  I have NEVER seen such a mess.  There were 5 sloppily tied knots where the yarn had broken & the ends retied.  I've purchased other Red Heart Yarns that occasionally have 1 or even 2 small knots in it where the ends had been retied.  I don't appreciate it because I feel yarn should be wound in one continuous skein w/o joined ends in the yarn.  To me, if the yarn has to be tied together due to broken ends, it should be sold as seconds.  I don't think they have machines that retie the broken ends.  I could be wrong; but, it seems unlikely.  That means that someone had to see how many breaks there were in this skein.  The yarn should have been discarded as too defective.  I have NEVER had to fix more than 2 knots in a skein until I got this one.  I usually buy yarn ahead. So I'm not apt to unravel the skein from the center & wind it back into a ball for a while.  But, I really wanted to see what this yarn looked like knitted.  FYI:  The colors in Antique knit up beautifully.  I did think that this yarn was burgundy/teal/white/soft grey/soft black.  The part I though was grey is actual a soft taupe.  The part I thought was black is a really deep, almost black, chocolate.  I found this yarn in a store about a week later for $2.59 a skein.  Yeah, I paid over $9.00 & don't appreciate being gouged.  Since I had already unknotted the skein, dealt w/ the loose ends that had been sloppily tied, & knitted the gloves; I couldn't return the skein.  Had I found the yarn at the craft store before I had made the gloves, I would have put the knotted mess in a bag & returned it.  But, you know how it is when you really want to make something w/ a specific yarn.  Still, I can't believe that someone would charge $9.51 for a skein that was an obvious second (defective).  This was my first purchase from The BT Group.  I see many positive reviews & purchased this based on those glowing reviews.  I thought this yarn had been discontinued & really wanted it.  So, I was willing to pay more.  I did not expect such poor quality control.  I'm not sure I'd trust this seller again.  Honestly, this was not acceptable.  I could have taken the wrapper from the defective yarn, placed it on one of the new skeins I'd bought for so much less, & returned it to Amazon for a refund.  But, I am an honest person & just couldn't do that.  All I can do is warn others that when you purchase from this seller, you may be spending money on defective merchandise."
Red heart super saver yarn is a great deal! My go to yarn.
