My son and daughter love it. It has a lot of colors for them to choose and make great pictures.
"This was purchased as a christmas gift and it made it here on time , i was very impressed with this product the shipping was very fast and will be buying from again"
"This oil pastel set is great. You get 50 pastels in the set. The description said set of 12 (boxes) which is incorrect (and seems too good to be true anyway for $6.99). I only got 1 set but for the price is still a great value. My almost 6 years old enjoyed this media very much and doesn't want to go back to her crayons. It is softer.. the colors are more vibrant and much more fun to use. It is little messy (easily smudged) but she will learn not to touch her drawings sooner or later.

I am ordering more.."
"nice price for quality oil pastels, they were shipped in a timely manner, and made a wonderful christmas gift...I highly recommend purchasing from this buyer, and the merchandise was very good too!"
"I was very disappointed when I received these in the mail. When I opened the box, the pastels were all in a mess! They had fallen out of the case and spilled all over the box. They had scratched each other so if I were to use a blue pastel; yellow, red, and other colors were mixed in. It says it comes in a carrying case, but that is not true. It's just a paper box. There is no handle or anything."
Lots of lovely colors. Great for a beginning artist. Great price allows me to practice and learn how to use pastels. I love how they blend and the easy lay down of colors.
Perfect for trying out a new medium!
I like them so far as my first oil pastel set. Wish they were more of a fine point for more of smaller detail work but Im not complaining for the price. Have fun and be creative.
These oil pastels are very pigmented and very waxy. It is not that good for layering especially if you are heavy handed. But the colors are very vibrant!
"These were inexpensive, but have worked very well and are so fun to use! There is a great variety of colors that are able to mix very well together. I absolutely love the texture they are able to bring. They do break if you put too much pressure on the sides, but you can still use the broken tips. The tray is excellent and helps with even keeping the broken tips together. Would definitely recommend."
very nice blending and creamy pretty good variety of colors and they are smooth
"I know this is good oil pastel, I have many for my art students. But I purchased this set as a gift. And when I opened the box it looked like it has been badly handled. Pastels were all bunched together to one side. I had to put them back in order but All colors were mixed together and looked messy. It was not in a condition to be gifted. I felt so embarrassed to give it as a gift, but had no time to purchase a new one.."
Great set to have especially for a beginning pastel artist. Happy I purchased these.
perfect
Nice
I teach free veterans classes.  Prices is great so I can let the veterans take them home if they want.  Here's a sample (practice) from a class.  It did well.
Just what I needed. A box of lots of wonderful colors. Quick delivery.
Our daughter loves these too. She loves art.
very good price very high quality
Nice quantity and color palette.  Boxed nicely.
"Just learning how to use these, they have a beautiful range of colors!"
I bought these for my 8 year old and she loved them. These are good for little kids that are just learning how to use pastels for the price. They are not high quality but they perfect for the price.
"Im an artist and I wasn't expecting to love these so much given the price for the range of colors and quality. I love these sticks because they are so soft, the colors are vibrant and they blend very well."
"Very pigmented and nice blending. Great quality for their low price, but its just a little small :)"
"These are great oil pastels for the price.  They have a good color selection and they are rich and creamy.  The sticks are very small, but you can still get a lot of drawings from one box.  Also, oil pastels look better on darker paper."
These work well for my kids' art projects. And they last a decent amount of time.
"Huge hit! Bought this as a gift for a Reddit Gifts exchange, the 400th one. My recipient was saying how if she had 400 of anything, that oil pastels would be perfect. Even though this was just outside of my price range ($20) I knew it'd be perfect. The recipient was so happy and said ""never did I actually expect to receive over 400 pastels""! I'm floored that I was able to send her something she loves that much that completely matched the theme of the exchange.
I know this review is more fluff than tough - but the reviews of others helped me decide to purchase it. Highly recommend even if it's just shy out of your budget!"
Lots of good colors but some didn't blend well
YAYYY!!!!!!
Good quality and color variety!
"Good price, nice product"
Great quality!
Work well. Blend easily. Very high quality.
Not worth the money at all.  Lumpy!  They force me to give a star.
Great for young artist! Gift!
Seem nice daughter has used them.  Nice packing.
These are great!! I usually use oil paints but I wanted to try a new medium that requires less clean up. In about two hours I completed a nice sea scape. These are very pigmented and blendable! Would recommend and I'll probably need the larger set now! :)
"Small oil pastels, size like the regular small crayons. I was expecting oil pastels to be bigger size and easier to hold and paint."
It has a decent selection of colors and the quality is good. To
"Nice set for a nice price. Oil pastels are similar to crayons, and can be heat set in fabric for permanence.
Check out You Tube for techniques to use"
"I bought these to replace an old set of oil pastels that wouldn't blend/smudge anymore. Great set of colors and they glide on paper easily. Someone mentioned the smell of gasoline and I have to agree. There is an odor to them resembling the smell of gasoline that doesn't go away.

The smell doesn't bother me much because it's faded somewhat. It hasn't gone away completely, but I can tolerate it. I'm just glad they're able to blend better than my old ones. Overall, a decent purchase for helping me to draw and in turn relieving some stress in the process."
Got these for my baby girl for her Easter basket I just know she's going to love them.
"We got the set of 50 colors which was an amazing value.  It's not professional artist quality, but for the price, you shouldn't expect it to be.  This is a great set for children, amateur artists, or anyone else who wants a whole lot of pastels for not much money.  They are very suitable for messing around and learning the medium.  The quality is above what the price might indicate, even if these aren't the best available.

The price was so good I could afford a set for each of my children, so they don't fight over them while working; and that is a value in and of itself."
"They have a great assortment of colors, just wish they were a little more oily for blendability."
Perfect for my artsy 3 & 6 year olds! The price was a great plus! A lot less messier than paints and my kids enjoy blending colors with their fingers or sometimes baby oil on a brush.
"Nice set of pastels, great color selections that apply smoothly and blend well. I am happy with my purchase, thank you!"
I'm sorry to be one of the few naysayers about these pastels but they're really not much better than crayons and they smell like Pennzoil. I guess next time I'll have to buy more expensive ones.
Fast shipping...great product! Awesome customer service! Thanks!!
Nice pastels for a 9 year child. And she loves them.
Love these oil pastels. great buy
great love the texture
Great oil pastels!
"Great selection of colors. They don't blend as well as I would like, but they do blend well. My only problem is that upon opening is the overwhelming smell of a mechanic's shop, probably the smell of the oil in the pastels all wrapped in plastic for who knows how long. Let them air, and their pretty great to take out or use at home."
AMAZING quality! can't wait to use it all and will definitely repurchase it
"The quality is fine for the price, but even on paper it's not as smooth as I normally like my pastels. It's a bit dry and comes off as bumpy, but they are an awesome kit for starters!"
Love them!  Works well
"I have used pentel pastels for years, with or without oil paints, depending on subject matter, lighting, all the things we evaluate to produce meaningful work. Pentel can be subtle or raw, whatever you need to punch up a piece from banal to exciting. It is a personal experience, but the tools are essential."
Gift
"I couldn't believe how good these oil pastels are for the price. Sure, they're not as soft, pigmented, or crumb-free as the artist-grade brands, but they feel closer to the real thing than any of the other scholastic-grade brands I've tried, like Crayola or Cray-Pas Junior. Like, nobody as far as I know has ever been turned on to oil pastels by children's Cray-Pas, but if you draw with these you will ""get the idea"" of oil pastels.

The color selection is also nice and nuanced, and they're forward-thinking enough to provide two white sticks.

Unfortunately, my set has a strong gasoline-ish smell. The box says it conforms to ASTM safety standards, but it doesn't particularly tout itself as being non-toxic like other children's art mediums do. That with the funny smell makes me hesitate to recommend these for small children. Which is a shame, because I think these are a much better, more expressive introduction to making art than the standard frustrating kids' art tools.

The first picture is of my standard warmup/test: a colored sphere. The second is a color study for an ocean shore landscape. Both are on toned paper. I actually prefer a less-toothy substrate because then I find it easier to blend by smudging."
"I gave this as a gift to my very talented niece and when she opened the package she screamed.  I had no clue it was on her Christmas list but I sure was the Auntie of the year!  She wanted this really badly.  She had tears in her eyes and said, ""and it's even a great brand"".  I guess that says it all."
"THESE ARE THE ONLY OIL PASTELS I'VE EVER USED, SO I CAN'T COMPARE THEM TO ANY OF THE MORE EXPENSIVE BRANDS, BUT I AM SUPER PLEASED WITH THEM! VIBRANT, SMOOTH COLOR THAT BLENDS GREAT! I WOULD DEFINITELY BUY AGAIN FOR PERSONAL USE, OR TO GIVE AS A GIFT."
JUST AS EXPECTED
Inexpensive set I bought for school kids to use.  They have had a ball drawing and painting over.  Nice product.
"Works very well, my 11 year old made some beautiful art work with these."
I bought these are small basket fillers for Easter. My nephews and daughter that loves to draw will be excited with these great quality  sticks!
Good Product
"The pastels are great. Good quality and students are enjoying them. On a side note I ordered 8 boxes and they all came individually wrapped in its own box, annoying and a waste of paper."
Nice oil pastels and very good selection of colors to choose from would definitely recommend
Very nice
Hard as a rock and release a lot of debre.
I gave this as a gift to a artistic 15-year-old girl.  She is in love with it!
Great item I recommend buying these.
"Bought these for my son, who has really gotten into art. He adores them, great quality and color selection. Will likely buy this set for my niece as well."
Really nice for the artist in your life.
"I love these oil pastels, they work wonderfully."
My daughter loves hese
Good product. Great pigmentation good colors
I ordered this as a christmas gift for my cousin who is big on art. she loves the set and has had no complaints.
"I went through these fast. I had to get them for a class and during the glass I went through about half of a one stick on some of them. Great color, and vibrant."
"Not sure exactly what happened, but there is no way I can use these.  The smell is outrageous!  It's been sitting in the garage airing out for two weeks.  There is a very prominent GASOLINE smell.  I'm not talking what you would expect from an oil pastel, this is full on Exxon 89 octane.  Very bad.  It's a shame too because they are in such great condition.  It's not the packaging because I've taken them out, and I have other Pentel oil pastels (smaller set) and it does not smell at all.

Not sure who's at fault whether it's the shipper, seller, packager, or manufacturer."
Beautiful colors and work so well!!!!
"Great color selection, good buy."
"Great Product, will buy again from seller!!!"
I bought these for my daughter who is 16. She has been using them a lot and said they work really good. For the price you cant beat them.
"Excellent pastels for a great price. I use these in my classroom and the kids are very excited about how many colors they get to choose from. A bit tricky for little fingers to peel back the paper on the pastels without ripping off whole wrapper, but still excellent. Do not hesitate. Pentel brand is the best."
this box of pastel will last a long time.  we were amazed at how 432 pieces look.  my daughter will have a blast using them.
Just what I need for art class at a good price.
Great price and value for quality .Amazing array of colors blends smoothly gives a nice finish easy to blend and work with.
These oil pastels by Pentel are beautiful. I love them. They smell kind of loud. I don't know if this is common for oil pastels as I am new to this medium. They came on time in perfect condition. None were broken.
"I got these after my other pastels were lost in an accident. I could not afford much but really missed mine so I decided to get these as they were reasonably priced.
The colors are very vibrant and they go on very smoothly. I also find that they blend well and there is a nice selection of colors. They also have a really good texture. The site said they are fade resistant which I will have to wait and see as I just got mine but so far I am loving them."
"Got this for my friend as a gift and she loves it! I've seen her artwork using the pastels and they work great, it has a big range of vibrant colors that look great on paper"
Got for my kids.  Nice quality.  I really don't have anything to compare it to though so these may be 3 or 5 star quality.
Lovely set!
I received this item but one was missing
"I got these as a gift for my daughter and she loves them.  The colors are vibrant, they are easy to blend with a finger or even art blending sticks."
"This set of oil pastels is a set of an amazing 50 oil pastels! I wanted a new art medium to experiment with, besides acrylic paint and other types of things like colored pencils and markers, so I decided to purchase these. Here is a list of some pros and cons that apply to these-

Pros-  A good medium, comes with a lot of oil pastels, easy to blend with any blending material you have, easy to use

Cons- (yes this goes for most oil pastels) they are kinda messy, and yes they don't smell the best.

So overall, I think these are good oil pastels mostly if you are experimenting with oil pastels for the first time, like I did. If you are more experienced in art and using oil pastels, you might want to consider getting higher quality oil pastels. But yes, these are good if you are just starting out. Also, this makes a great gift to any artist who likes using different mediums, or just wants to try out oil pastels. I hope this was of help to you!"
"art(sy) fart(sy) stuff. good for an afternoon of who did it fun
jack"
great price.
"I have not had these long, but so far I know I do like them to color with, not so much for drawing for they come with no point, they have a cylindrical end, once I have colored with them enough to form a point maybe they can be used to draw ok, but I do not want to sharpen them to a point and waste a lot of coloring, the cost for them is very good, in fact I bought two packs, overall a great buy in my opinion, however keep in mind these are different from colored pencils"
I took a chance on this because I had no idea how to fix a beautiful oil painting I bought that someone sold me damaged. I thought it was ruined as there was a spot where the paint was missing. Plus I am not an artist so I did not know if I could fix it. However I took a chance bought these because of all the different colors and was able to match it enough where you can hardly tell. Very happy with this item. I know that is not their usual purpose but they definitely worked for it
"Nice assortment of colors, convenient packaging."
"Super good quality, amazing for the price! These are better than the ones we use in art class. Super creamy and pigmented. Theres a wide variety of colors and I really love how they give you 2 white pastels since I use white a ton!"
"My kids love these. They work great, but are a bit stinky."
Nice gift for my husband. However it came with 49 pieces not 50. Inside the packaging u can see that one was missing
Great product
Perfect for beginners exactly what I ordered
"Works well for drawing classes. Not the best qualtity for blending, but they got the job done."
"I bought the oil pastels (50 colors). It has a nice variety of shades, even those you can use as light & dark ""skin tones."" These were for a beginner and she was happy to receive them. They were a great price. They are easy to use, but do not blend super well. Overall, a great buy."
Nice colors!
""""".`*.*HIGHLY RECOMMEND*.*'."""""
My daughter was thrilled to get this set! There's an array of colors she is ready to use! The only thing she suggested was a color chart but other than that a Great buy!
good for the young artists
Lots of colors! Fast delivery! Just as expected
Came fast! Love the colors.
very good product for my daughter to start
Everything come perfect. Nice colors and price! Loved
its a great economy pastel set but this one came with one missing.
very pleased
"This is a nice starter set of oil pastels that are great for budding artists, anyone wanting to experiment with oil pastels or school students.  For the price you get a really nice array of colors to experiment with. A few colors aren't as vivid as others in the set.
I don't recommend these for adult coloring, especially on double sided pages because there is the potential of the oil bleeding through your paper.
Overall it's a great set and worth the price."
"Nice colors,definitely worth buying"
"The class loves oil pastels, these are great quality and a great price! If you can afford it, buy it you won't be disappointed.."
came so quick and is sooo fun and easy to use!
"I love these. I'm a beginner, but they're so much better than the cheap set I got at my local craft store. Vibrant colors and smooth blending."
"I'm trying to get back into doing arts and crafts and have set up a mini studio in my apartment. I was thrilled to be able to find some Pentel Oil Pastels at an affordable price. Some oil pastels I've purchased in the past have dried up over time and became hard to work with; whereas, I have some Pentel Oil Pastels I purchased thirty years ago which are as smooth now as they were when I purchased them."
"We bought this as part of a Toys for Tots gift for an older child. It went with the DK How to Draw book and the MiTeintes Pastel Pad, hopefully will provide some enjoyment for an older child who likes to draw."
I really like these. I'm using them mainly for encaustic work as I incise pieces but they perform very nicely for that. I admittedly don't have a lot of experience with oil pastels (this is my second set) but these are smoother and spread easier than others I've used. A few pieces have broken as I've used them but I think that's par for the course.
"great product, came as expected and described"
This was a great gift!
As expected for pastels in this price range
Kids love coloring with these as an alternative to crayons.
Excellent product
"The colors are great, and on a budget I was excited to receive all those colors for the price. The reason for two stars is the smell!!! Extreme chemical smell!!! I am not one to be affected by unpleasant odors, as I am a man, and not the most effeminate man in terms of hygiene, however, laying in bed with the windows closed was a dizzying experience in the most unpleasant way. I threw these away within two days because of the odor."
quick shipping good product
My daughter loves these.
"My daughter loves them, they are soft and draw on different surfaces"
They are really oil crayons and should be marketed as such
These oil pastels are a great value and I am impressed with how well they work. The colors are very pigmented and they feel nice. Would recommend these.
I was surprised how thin these were.im used to thicker ones.
My artist daughter loves these! Great product!
Love it
They work perfectly. Smooth and fun to draw with.
Really nice oil pastels.  great deal
Very good merchandise and sellers
I loved the colors and texture. My daughter loves to color using these bright colors
I had no idea how great oil pastels could be to increase the beauty of my artwork until I tried these. They blend very well and are even useable on large drawn coloring pages for adults. I even look at them to put in backgrounds of some of my coloring because I keep my better pages in a scrapbook. They have a good variety of colors too. I will buy these again because I use them a lot.
"Kids are loving them, great quality and price."
I ordered the 50 count and I only got the 16 count.  Not happy.
"The Pentel Oil Pastels are a box of bold, blending, beauties. In our weekly art class, we are thrilled to pull out the sturdy box of vibrant colors. The package of fifty has a great assortment of colors. For example, there are five shades of yellow, and nine varieties of blue, however, there are only two whites.  We, the homeschool co-op, imitate pictures of Vincent van Gogh's famous artwork with these well-blending pastels, which work wonderfully in many different styles of art. Although we recommend these, there are a few drawbacks. The wrappers slide off easily which increases breakage.  Although they are not perfect, we still give Pentel Oil Pastels a five-star rating because the price is reasonable, the colors are vivid, and they're generally easy to clean-up. The age we recommend is eight and up."
"I remember those from when I was a child.
They're the same excellent quality. A bit messy though."
thanks
The bad smell disgusts me when open box.
Fast delivery! Great product for beginning art students.
"Love them, they really are good and do not crumble as other brands"
Worked really nice! Blended very well. A great oil pastel for the price!
Picture perfect
I like it
These are great and for a great price!
"This was my first time to use the oil pastels. Why  I love the variety of colors, they're not the easiest to blend. Be prepared to use some pressure on your qtip to get them to spread. They might work differently on different paper"
Creamy and very blendable. Good pigmentation as well.
good
First ones I have ever used. Daughter requested these after using them in art class. We made a poster together. Can be messy but very fun to use. Would love to learn how to blend colors. Could create some great art with these!
Good oil pastel
"Love these pastels! They blend wonderfully, and are a huge hit with my kiddo. They get a bit messy, but feel like great quality. Highly recommended!"
Great colors! Delivery was quick and colors looks vibrant and nice. They color well and glide on paper.
These are great for art. They are easy and fun to use.
nice selection of colors
"when i tried to blend the colors, they clumped up which was really annoying."
Ordered for my son who loves to draw and he loves them! Takes them everywhere asking with his sketch book. Great assortment of colors for a great price!
They are very smooth and vibrant. Only downside I can see is that they are a bit on the small side. Otherwise I really like the product.
Not impressed.
"I am not an art-supply expert, but these oil pastels are so waxy that I cannot get a result that looks better than a child's coloring book! I really wanted to like them, with all the colors in the package, but noooo.  I also purchased Portfolio oil pastels, and they are so much better."
"good price, good product"
The sleeves in this thing are super thin and rip very easily. Some of our pages ripped just putting pictures in. There's to way you can turn thru the whole thing without a page ripping out.
Exactly as described! Thanks
These are good oil pastels but thank you for giving me 49 instead of 50 pastels
"These Oil Pastels are incredible. I have every single size Set, the smaller more compact sets for traveling. I have two of the 50 Color Sets for usage at home. Very easy to use, great for traveling, because they are very portable and don't mind being shuffled around. Just don't drop them, the oil pastels can crack. Highly pigmented, strong colors, the perfect set for field work and at home. Can be used on several different types of surfaces, like pastel paper, sketchbook paper,( I prefer sketchbook paper), Acrylic paper, Canvas Board. They can be a little messy on your hands, but it comes off easily with a paper towel or just wash your hands with soap and water. One way to insure that the oil pastels don't move around too much in the box is to lay a sheet of paper towel on top of the pastels underneath the clear sheet that holds them in place. I also recommend putting a large rubber band around the box to insure the tray doesn't slide out. I have also tried putting the smaller sets in plastic bags to keep water off them when traveling.
I've been using them for almost a year, I'm very pleased with the artwork I've done with them."
Strong beautiful color.  Strong smell I didn't like.  Great results
Love them.
Great
Got these for my 5 year old.  Makes beautiful vibrant artwork
Beautiful colors. Love them.
I was thinking the sticks would have been a little bigger.
Great product!!
Perfect for your classroom when you have to buy your own stuff!
"These are my favorite oil pastels, I learned to use pastels with this same brand. And had to order more. They do need warming up and can be rough at first, but once you get working with them they're beautiful and so fun to blend. Here a picture I did with only the pentel pastels. I got the 50 pack."
A great art material.  I've been playing with them for water color effect (using turpenoid in place of water) as well as for the oil painting use they were designed for.
Excelente
"Great value, I will repurchase if available again"
The colors are awesome and they're so buttery
Great product. . . excellent service!
Enjoyed the color variety and ease of blending. Would buy again.
They are so beautiful!
"Awesome crayons, very easy to apply to paper and anything else you please! Easy to blend and work with."
I am a k-3 art teacher. I teach 800 students per week. These were soft and easy to blend with little fingers. The children loved them! They were mostly used up after one project (800 pastel lions) I wish purple had been included. I would purchase these again!
I'm using these with my 3rd grade classroom. They love to use these compared to their crayons because of how vivid the colors turn out.
Worked great for classroom rubbing project.
I bought this for my 10 yr old daughter and she loves them. She even takes them to summer camp in her book bag with an ice pack in the adjacent pocket. They show up very well on black paper.
"Good student quality oil pastels, similar to faber castel or sakura junior artist oil pastels. These won't stand up to the quality of sennelier professional oil pastels. Four stars because they arrived slightly damaged."
great product!
"Nice pastels, smaller but really fine for quick drawings, shading studies.  Good color, easily applied.  Will order again.  Thx."
"I was hoping these would be more like artist-quality pastels, based on the other reviews, but they really aren't any better than other children's quality pastels.  There is a huge variety of color, but I think I'd prefer to have a smaller variety and better quality. I felt they laid on very sheer."
"I like how soft they are & they blend well.  What I don't like is that I shouldn't need a floodlight & reading glasses to see the color names, especially with the darker colors!  I would have given 5 stars, if not for the small, dark letters."
kids are love this so much . best quality.
So much fun to work with. Gives a very different look
our daughter enjoys these. Great colors and quality for the price.
I just didn't like the way the oil pastels looked. tried them once and put them in the grandkids basket of art supplies
"not easy to blend , i cant apply colors on top , break easily"
Great buy......carlos
Very good.
Excellent pastels especially for the price. They are very vivid and smooth to draw with. Very happy with them overall.
"I love these oil pastels, firm yet still soft with it's beautiful pigments.. Always top notch quality and the only type of oil pastels I use.. I've tried other oil pastels like Sakura, and it just doesn't make the cut for me.. And I say this as a visual arts major student :) Attached pictures are from my life drawing as well as just a free sketch.. Just so you can see how easy it is to blend layers over and how bright the colors are in the pastel."
"This is the first time I ever use pastels, and these were amazing!!!"
great
"Lovely bright colors with a lot of pop. These are not for kids only. Can be used for professional work. If you are used to drawing with regular crayons, you will be shocked to see the results the first time you use them.

Lastly - the price: Unbelievable price for such quality. Don't think too much. Just buy them!"
No
These oil pastels have a great selection of color and they blend very well! I am very pleased!
beautiful colors
"My 5 y/o niece picked out this set after expressing her need for oil pastels. She used them in school and ""they were the greatest thing...ever!"" When she finally received the set, she called to thank me because it was exactly what she wanted. This set also came with multiple pinks, which is necessary for a girl that is obsessed with the color. (Her mother thanked me because she'll now sit occupied and quiet for hours.)"
Worked great for an elementary school art day project!
"I'm just starting to learn how to use oil pastels and so far,  these are the best ones I've tried out!  Great for the price and fun to use."
"Just received this item. All pieces were in excellent condition. I did some test sketches
The oil pastels were creamy and covered well. They blended very well. I am surprised
at the quality."
"GREAT price!  I got these on Amazon for $29. These are thinner than traditional pastels.  Good for tight areas or smaller work.  They are creamy and blend well, but are not water soluble.  My high school students real like them!"
"Creamy, easy to use, bright colors."
"Love these, good quality for a  lass set without breaking the bank!"
Not so good quality
Great comers and having fun with them. Recommended!!
"Great pastels .. box is a bit untidy... Pain in the but to get the paper wrapping off.. My favorite thing about these PASTELS is that they melt in your hand while using them. LOVE THAT.. it opens new things when you have wax sticking to your fingers, colors bleeding into one another.  Wonderful pastel that I used 30 years ago in art school!  TIP -- you an exacto type blade to take off 1/3 of the paper before using.."
love it
A lot of paint markers
decent
The product was delivered on time and I was really excited about opening up my package but when I did I noticed that the colors had flecks of other color on them which is probably to be expected but still. And there were little peices of the pastels on the packaging. Not too disappointed though.
"This is my first time working with oil pastels.  I'm really loving these.
I think they are great for mixed media and any other paper people.  You will love the smooth creamy vibrant colors."
good
"I liked this, but as it was a gift for the Veteran's home, I learned too late that the size of this item was not the best for that purpose - recommend larger sizes, as they are easier for some folks to grasp.

Overall though, was very pleased with the quality and quantity for the cost."
Love pastels
These are a great price for the product. I am watching youtubes to see how to use the Oil Pastels. Very excited to learn something new. The only reason I gave it 4 starts is because I have to learn how to use before I can give it  perfect 5.
This was a great stocking stuffer.
More than I expected.
"The colors tend to create secondary and tertiary colors easily just by laying one color lightly on top of another, and I mean very lightly.  Oddly enough some of the colors are brilliant, but none of them can be blended by hand.  I think they're too good to be used in coloring books, but not good enough for anything more than loose sketches.  You get what you pay for."
Got these for my 1-3 graders! They love them and are great quality!
I bought this as a gift for my daughter.  She loves it.
"I've purchased this 432 count oil pastels. Not a surprise these oil pastels were creamy which helped blending colors together but the only issue I have was when I received this package, not all the oil pastels were there. I find this disappointing because eventually it will come down to a few oil pastels and I won't have the colors to accomplish my art creations. Overall great product but it wasn't what I paid for."
As promised....
These work good. They last a while and there is a good variety of colors. Great price at the time of purchase.
"Low quality, but you get what you pay for. They blend ok. I let my kids have them."
Great Variety
These are dried up and  awful thougjt they were  described  like  something  different  thier just cheap crayons
Fun for craft and coloring
9 year old loves got as Christmas gift
"beautiful colors, none were broken...granddaughter is drawing away"
Love these! Blend well and have lasted a long time! Highly Recommend
"I love it,they work well.my kids like it too.  thank you!!!!!!!!!!"
Love these! Pentel is a great brand and these do not disappoint!!
"Good amount of oil pastels for the price. Good size and good color. There is every color except PURPLE. So bizarre. And get this, the oil that was on the cover of the box was purple! REALLY disappointed by this. Lacking."
Purchased as a gift so haven't opened and used them yet.  The package arrived early and was as described with no broken pieces.  Opened flap and observed the pastels are vibrant colors.
oil pastel are my fav!
Love them and brighter pictures to decorate the den walls
"I ordered 4 of them as an add on item. I am happy with them. Haven't tried them out yet and 2 out of 4 had some kind of black smudge on the pastels themselves but, when you use them it'll go away."
Bad smell. Strong small like diesel. Not good for children to breathe.
Works well
"Art supplies for my daughter and no, they aren't just used for drawing, this set is gorgeous and she is extremely happy with the quality of the pastels will purchase again."
Very nice.
My 5 year old daughter is obsessed with coloring and crafty projects so I thought these would make an excellent addition to our craft station and I was right! She loves smudging the colors with her hands and creating things with them.
10 year old son was pleased with these.
I have been using Pentel oil pastels with my students for 20 years. Great value and product!
as expected
"I bought these oil pastels for myself and they worked perfectly, but the only thing was that you had to be really genttle with them or they will snap right off other than that i think they are a great product for a really great price in other stores they are 6 to 10 dollars so the prize is pretty good. So get them while you can!!"
Great for coloring book!
Super price giving it as a Christmas present
"Do not buy these. They are absolute junk! If you are wanting to introduce oil pastels to a new artist, they will hate them and not want to try this style of art. These were almost like crayons."
"Great colors, and 50 of them.  Gave 3 stars because, while they work ok, they're very, VERY thin ( in circumference). They're so thin that they're pretty delicate.  My students can't use them due to their size, but I like because of the large range of colors...I'm just careful with them and don't push down too hard.  Great price.  Now I know why."
"Considering the price, I wasn't expecting much from these oil pastels. They have a vibrant color and blend relatively well. Very good value."
what a great price for a great product
Product as described.  Thanks!
good deal
Arrived in perfect condition.
"These are my first set of oil pastels... I usually work with soft pastels. I like these, they're smooth to me. I plan to do a lot more with them"
Shipping is really fast! The products are perfect to the art class.
"Loved the texture and the way they glide into canvas. I can do without fancy expensive supplies so these were perfect! Bonus: they smell like my dad's shop, which made me very happy :) would recommend for variety of colors and quality"
Great quality
Great Book
I bought the wrong 16 count ( I should buy the 32 count ) but 16 is enough till now.
All perfect
Excellent deal for the amount of pastels that you receive.  Great quality.
Exactly what was advertised. Delivered on time.
fine
"I absolutely love these pastels. They work great on canvases and they are super affordable. not to mention, i wasn't expecting them for  2 weeks, and they were delivered in 2  days!!! will definitely purchase from this shop again."
"bright colors, fun to draw and pretend to be an artist with my 3 yo son.. we used our fingers to smear the oil pastels and made some beautiful art work together."
These are good for the price
have not tried it. It seems to work well.
This is for the artist in everyones family. Beautiful colors.
This is a lovely set.  I plan to give it as a gift.  It is a beautiful assortment of colors.
Excellent product. No Issues!
"I got these for our preteen daughter, she loves coloring the Mandula's. These are beautiful, I got the set of 25, the pastels colors are brilliant and easy for her to apply and blend.  She is enjoying trying color mixtures, shading, and tints.  The acid-free pastels are ideal for her to use on paper, and she is excited about the thought of using them with a board or canvas.  She had used chalk pastel previously and these are brighter.  She was having some difficulty learning to blend colors or how to layer a little, but she asked her sister in law (extraordinary artist and no I am not prejudiced) and she helped her then explained that it wouldn't be fun if its not a tiny bit challenging. I appreciate that they are ACMI Certified as our grandchildren could get into them if they could.  I always appreciate when I can purchase with confidence, Pentel has been manufacturing and selling art supplies for more than 60 years, which tells me these are made of top quality material, and that, Pentel products are warranted for life.  I recommend these oil pastels to anyone who enjoys drawing or coloring and am already planning to get her a larger set for Christmas."
Use almost everyday.
"On time, as advertised, good quality, reasonably priced."
Perfect and pretty and came before the expected time
I bought these for an art class that I was teaching in the summer. I was afraid that they were going to melt in the 100 degree weather outside but they lasted all summer. The students loved these because it had so many different colors. It was a hit for all the students.
These were priced so right!  I use these with kids at school for a treat and they love them! They say it feels like they are artists
Excellent set for the money.
"I am new to pastels, oil or otherwise, so I'm no expert on the subject but I really liked this set especially for the price. The consistency of the pastels is not very creamy but this can work in your favor if you are using these as an under painting or maybe you want a different effect for your art. I did not give these five stars because the coverage of the pastels was a little spotty. You can see little white spots of paper where the pastel did not cover fully. There were so many that is was difficult to smooth them all out. But I have used them since for a different painting and simply adjusted my style to counteract the issue (if you can even call it that). I am just starting out using this medium so I will probably try out different brands but as of now I would buy these again."
"Nice set of pastels,  easy to use."
perfect!
Beautiful pastels set.  Rich creamy colors.  Excellent price for such a nice set.
Excellent set for the price. Better than similar brands that have this degree of hardness. Wonderful color selection!! Great price!!
Fantastic deal as an add on item.  They all arrived in one piece and the colors are beautiful.  These are not the kind you use with water.  If looking for great shades and a great price to learn on then grab these. I gave them to my daughter for art class and she loves them. No crumbling and easy to blend.  Beautiful rich colors.
Good bargain. They came neatly and not melted or broken. My teen daughter is very pleased with them.
"Great color palate for anyone getting into pastels for the first time. They are exactly what I was looking for, and much more affordable than the kits you find at craft stores."
"Good color variation, great price."
"Good for beginners. Good price, lots.of.colors."
"Great colors. Great product, great price. No problems!"
"purchased these as a new medium for daughter to work with, she has been experimenting with them and says they fun to work with also. Will be ordering more in the future."
"Very bright and blend well.  Perfect on the right paper,  smooth"
"I purchased this 50 Color Oil Pastels Set by  Pentel  Arts for my daughter as she usually paints but decided to give this a try. I did not want to spend a fortune if this was just a phase so I bought them and they are very reasonably priced and of very high quality with a wide array of colors. I had used these myself in the past and also liked them. They are soft and don't crumble, but be gentle as they will break. Also they are great for blending and shading. They are acid free and great for use on paper,  canvas, or board. They stand up great to humidity and drawing are nice and long lasting.

These can be used for just about anything and are great for beginners and artists. This set would make a really great gift whether alone or in a basket of art supplies. The colors are nice and vivid and I would not hesitate to buy these again. I highly recommend!"
I had to purchase these for my kids school supplies but I tried them before I sent them to the school. The color was vivid and smooth. A must have for art projects.
"I teach at an elementary school and wanted to give students a variety of art mediums this year to work with. These oil pastels worked great! They were a nicer quality than I expected, having used other oil pastels with students before. These seemed up to the task and survived children using them, which should allow them to last for years of light use. There's also a nice range of colors to choose from."
Amazing! Love them!
very good value
"got this as an ""add-on"" item. what a great deal.  if your a relaxed painter or just like the arts this is a must.  it works well if you don't want to go though the stress of whipping out all your painting equipment and cleaning. you just can have fun with these oil pastels"
Purchased for a 9 year old she loves them! Thank you amazon!
My daughter is very artistic and just loves these!
"These are so nice I had to get three of them for my grandson's and myself. I love to draw and I favorite is the oil pastels and chalk. Two of my grandson't love to draw so I thought I would make them a basket of art supplies for Christmas. They are going to love these Pentel Arts oil pastels as much as I do. There is nothing better than to spend quality time with a child and teaching them. These oil pastels have very nice bright colors, easy to blend and easy to use."
Nice set. Colors are bright. Great for art projects. Great value. These were purchased as a discount.
"2nd set, we love these!"
"good quality, good price"
"Arrived perfect, great gift for artistic grand-daughter."
had before
Got these for a friend's birthday who really loves pastels. He said these are very good quality and has enjoyed working with them. Was great to see his face light up when he opened them.
I bought these colored pencils at a great price on Amazon. I am going to give them to my granddaughter who is steadily becoming a great artist. Thank you
"For this price I didn't expect such smooth, high quality pastels. They blend well and produce nice color gradient with layering. One of my best deals on an awesome item."
Great value for all the color choices and quality. I am able to use in my early childhood classroom to introduce the art medium and not feel guilty about the price. The vibrant colors create beautiful works of art!
"My daughter absolutely loves these oil pastels. She is a picky person when it comes to her art supplies so for her to be as happy about these as she is gives me all the more reason to give these five stars. She states that they are smooth and she is happy with the variety of the colors. At the price I paid for them, I'm ecstatic about them. One thing I've noticed as well is she can be kinda rough with her things, and she hasn't broken one yet either. I'm not an artist, but I feel that has to account for something. Great price, great product."
fun for kids
come on it's less than 3 bucks. It's nice for the price
These make beautiful colors. Great gift idea.
"I am so glad I found these Pantel  oil pastels, because they have been so much fun. You get a large assortment of 25 beautiful oil pastel colors. They are long lasting and don't fade. I love the way they glide against the paper so smoothly.  You can also blend the colors to get a whole new look of shades and tints. I loved experimenting and making all kinds of different projects.
  I liked that it gave me some down time to relax but I was still doing something creative. Anyone can use them, they are good for beginners and professionals.
Pentel has been manufacturing and selling art supplies for more than 60 years, which tells you these are made of top quality material. To add to that, Pentel products are warranted for life."
Luv these
Super cheap....great for stocking stuffers.
"These are the creme'de 'la creme when it comes to oil pastels- One of the best brands with a history of quality- years ago before computers the only specialized pens I used as a drafter were made by PENTEL and the quality still exist today-
this is a great box of oil pastels- there are 50 colors with many great shades of colors!
This price is unbeatable and I should order more now for great Christmas gifts for any young or experienced artist!
These blend very nicely for custom colors as well-
Great Starter pack for anyone who wants to try their talents!"
"These color smoothly but break rather easily...but they are oil pastels after all! We also like oil pastel crayons, which are a little sturdier for young hands. My children and I are not professional artists, we just want to experiment and have some fun, so these are fine for us. Overall I have been pleased and I would definitely buy these again."
"My art teacher in high school gave each of us (level 3 art students) a set of 50 when we did our pastel section. While I definitely found chalk pastels far easier to work with overall (the both blend easier and are easier to keep separate when putting one color over another), I loved the color that these produced. I even placed in an art show with my project. Now, I haven't been steadily practicing over the years so I'd say that what I made in high school was my best work to date, but now that I'm out of college and stable again I've been trying to practice with them every day because oil pastels are so vibrant. And much easier to work with than paint (less messy - though don't take that for not messy at all because oil pastels have their own kind of mess, it's just not as big as painting messes - and really all you need is your pastels and some paper as opposed to brushes and pallets and water and so on).

I'm uploading that project I mentioned, though I'm afraid I don't have very good lighting in my apartment for picture taking so the photo really doesn't do the colors justice."
"Ordered for arts and crafts at the library, the kids of NUTS for oil pastels. My artist roommate was also impressed by the quality and ease of use."
Awesome set
A month and a half in and this has stopped veing effective.  As i write this my phone is connected and losong power
Awesome product for the price. Blends really smooth.
"Beautiful colors and good variety, as well as a terrific price. Will definitely buy again."
"These are exactly what I expected. I am getting back into drawing and the arts again and I wanted to use oil pastels. I didn't want to make a huge investment in a professional set, but I did want a nice quality of oil pastel to experiment with and to redevelop my skills. So far these have provided me what I need. They are simple to color and sketch with without creating a huge mess. The blending is fair, I expect that with time and practice this will become easier for me. (I suspect my skill set needs to improve more before I could provide a proper analysis of this aspect). I am enjoying the color variety of these oil pastels. They are clear and vibrant as long as they don't get over worked.  I am looking forward to experimenting with these more!"
I have not used these much yet to decide if I like them all that much. The price was good and they came quickly.
Loving the colors plan to buy more in the future an hope to see more an more colors. I struggle with joint issues an haven't drawn or sketched etc in a long time an these made me feel like I was back in art classes.
"pentel arts oil pastels , 50 color set was purchased for my granddaughter. she is showing a real talent and interest in sketching and drawing. (also painting).  she is very happy I got her this oil pastels. all she had been working with was some school supplies. which she did a great job. her first project using the pastels is impressive..  the pentel arts oil pastels set is affordable and a great set."
"These are great for the price, but I seem to remember the last box of them going on smoother than they do now."
It was a small sampler pack. The pastels were smaller than expected.
"Vibrant and fun to use with the kids. They do give of a strong smell, reminiscent of asphalt, but as long as you aren't eating them or using them for long term work I find these pleasant and affordable."
"I purchased this item to add to my own personal at home art supplies. They seem to be of professional quality and are bright vivid colors. A set of 25 gives you plenty of selection and these are easy to use and clean up and they can be used on many types of paper. I am dying to try these on rice paper, but I bet they would do better on thicker more durable paper. I love the price even though it was an add on product. I got an exceptional deal!
Disclaimer: I purchased this product at full price just like everyone else."
My niece loves these and I got them at such a great deal!
"love the colors, great quality"
Great
I've wasted way more money on way worse stuff. Since they're so cheap they're fun to just mess around with but they also posess the capacity to churn out some pretty interesting work. Get into it.
"I just got these now, they are really cute, and work well but they are smaller then I expected I thought they were gonna be bigger but they work well I added pics to show how they look and are...."
Items was a Christmas gift was well appreciated....
"Just got it today, I'll update once I use them I'm very excited."
"These are professional quality oil pastels. They are nice and creamy and highly pigmented and handle beautifully. These are a staple in my art studio and have been around for years. The price on these is amazing. These sticks are on the smaller side but at these prices, picking up multiples of these is very affordable!"
Excellent price and color beautifully!  We are not artist just use for our homeschool art class.  Great price for a good solid product!! I would buy these again.
"This is my third set of these oil pastels.  I purchased a different brand from a retail store and then bought these just to have as a spare.  However, the ones I purchased in the retail store are now the spare.  My children love these!  The colors are very vibrant and vivid.  After my children used these, they did not want to use the other brand we had previously purchased.  These are very well priced compared to other brands and they have a convenient storage case.  I will continue to purchase this brand of oil pastels."
"This was my first attempt with oil pastels, and I love them. This set comes with 25 beautifully vivid and pigment-rich colors. They apply smoothly and blend nicely by hand or using a neutral oil. While pastels, in general, are messy, these washed off my hands with regular soap and water and minimal effort. This set is currently listed at $29 which seems comparable in price to other media such as watercolor markers or pencils, so seems like a reasonable value to me, however, I am honestly not familiar with the going rate for oil pastels and base my perceived value on media I purchase regularly. I enjoyed using these and make a fun addition to my collection.

I received this product at a discount for my honest and unbiased review, I am in no way obligated to provide only positive feedback."
"Great set, great price."
"Love this. I bought for my 5 years old son . He keeps saying "" Mom!! Look at these beautiful colors"" and keep drawing with these pastel. It's like Korean oil crayon."
high quality and pretty colors.
great product. nice colors
great
A nice set for the price.
excellent.
"I like the Pentel brand of oil pastels. It arrived on time, and it is great."
They color ok
I like to use these on my canvas drawings. These at a good variety of colors and I like to even blend them together. Good quality and will purchase again.
"I purchased these for my son who loves are. He is 11 and has been enjoying these since they arrived. I used these when I was younger and remembered loving the way the colors just smoothed over the paper. I loved smearing them with my fingers to get the effects I wanted.

He has been drawing with them the last week! The kit has 50 colors so he can draw what ever he can imagine. The possibilities are limitless! The pastels are creamy and smear nicely."
"These work great!  The colors are very vibrant.  We used them at a cub scout day camp with about 200 scouts there and they held up for the entire week of crafts.  The boys were happy with the rich colors, they were decorating brown paper towel tubes and the colors showed up great."
Great for the price.
Great quality. Priced right.
"Very nice oil pastel, super  smooth and creamy ! My toddlers and  teenagers love them.. Y really like the price :)
The only complaint is that  The color purple is not included  :/  my toddler try to make a  Rainbow  And we miss the last color of the rainbow"
vibrant colors!
"I have many brands of oil pastels, so I was completely surprised at the high quality and value price of these oil pastels. They have outstanding color intensity and are creamy but not too soft, and are easy to blend.

They create beautiful, vivid colors that are creamy smooth. The sticks are larger than most other brands; and, the price is unbeatable for this outstanding product.

These oil pastels are great for art teachers, too. Your students will love them. They are simply the best of the affordable brands that I have found anywhere so far. Highly recommend for your creative art work.

I received this product at a reduced price in exchange for my honest and unbiased review."
"I purchase oil pastels to use for sidewalk art. Other brands last longer and show up brighter without using the whole piece. There are a lot in this package with an awesome variety of colors. They are pretty small compared to the ones I prefer. However, If I were using these on paper or a canvas I'd like that they were smaller. The price is great so I'm going to give them 5 stars."
Good
Bought these for my mother and she loves them.
These were a gift for my kids.  They have been using Pentel Oil pastels in school for years but in the smaller sets.  They love having the color options that this 50 color set gives them.  Pentel is a quality product.  These oil pastels are easy to use and the colors are true.
"These pastel color set are great for the kids or anyone, they don't dry out like tube kind."
"Epic toddler birthday gift. Easy, cheap and always a huge hit. Toddlers love these because they are smooth and easy to use."
"My eight year old daughter fancies herself an artist, and she absolutely loves using oil pastels in art class. When she found out these were available in stores, she immediately began begging me to buy her some for her birthday. I chose this set because it was reasonably priced. The product is good quality, especially considering how afordable they are. The colors are bright and blendable. She has made some fabulous butterfly drawings with these pastels. I will definitely buy them again when she uses her set up!"
I love the assortment of colors in this set. I originally bought this set for my daughter but ended up kinda playing with them right along side her. They're nice and creamy and blend well. A very good value for the money too.
My 8 year old loves these. She uses them all the tine and is able to keep them very organized.
I bought this for my sister and she's been doing all kinds of art for me over and over
"Great Product, Great Price!!!"
"Second set I've gotten; this one a gift. I love these pastels, the colors are great and for the addon price of 3.98 yu just can't beat it."
The price was excellent.
Exactly as described!
"Great for a classroom set, but there is no purple. Mixing blue and red pastels together produces minimal, if any, real success. I would prefer to cut the gray, since that's pretty easy to make, and add purple. It is a good value, though."
"I love oil pastels but never had a set this large, so when I saw them on special price; they were a must buy. Unfortunately, Amazon packed them along w/a coloring book I ordered and a can of Catsure. The can punctured during transit and ruined both this and the coloring book. Thanks to Amazon's great policy; I was able to return the ruined items for replacements. As to this product; I've mostly used other brands and was excited to compare Pentel's to them. I'm happy to say that there colors are vibrant, go on smooth and don't leave a clump of crayon like some Asian brand's I've tried. So if not for the awful delivery experience (not Pentel's fault); I would have given the product a 5 star rating."
Great great set of pastels! Especially for the price!
I purchased these as a future Christmas gift after I found them on sale. So I have not used the product yet. But they look great and seems like a nice set. I will update after my son approves.
My art oriented 8 yr old feels these are great. I had to buy a second set for her - not too difficult considering that the product is on the inexpensive side.
"Well made as is most Pentel items, I liked the variety of color and the pastels were easy to use."
I bought this for my step-sister who is an elementary school art teacher. It was one of the Lightning Deals at Christmas. I got it for a very reasonable price and there is a TON of oil pastels inside of it. I am not sure why any normal person would possibly need that many of them but I know that it has come in really handy for her classroom since she has to buy some of the materials herself.
Great color choices for an artist. My daughter request these personality so that will tell you they are what someone drawing and coloring prefers. She enjoys both. For the price it's a great quality product.
So so
Bought this for my 8 year old grandson who loves crafts and he loves this item.
"These are great beginner pastels. They arrived on time and were in perfect condition. Nothing broken and the box was completely intact. The colors are vibrant but not as vibrant as they look on my screen. They are soft enough to blend together but again beginner quality. I would recommend them for young budding artists trying out new media or young kids. If you are an artist who is experienced in the media or similar media, this is probably not for you. These may also work well for some art Journaling type projects depending on your desired end result."
Its ok
Very cute and great value
love love love these. so excited to start doing pastels again.
"Got two of these. One for me and one for a birthday present for a friend's grand daughter. I have used these in the past and found them to be excellent oil pastels, so when  I saw the brand I was familiar with went for them. Not disappointed. Inexpensive compared to most of the others but very high quality, in my opinion."
Awesome Oil Pastels!! Normally I hate working with pastels but these make it fun :D
Good quality product
"We used these for my children to create their annual canvas. The effect is very interesting. I was impressed with how these held up, the vibrant colors they produced, and my children had such fun creating with them! I thought they would be used up quickly but we've created many more pieces and they are holding up!"
Great for beginners!  Love the quality and price. Thanks!
Amazing quality for the price.
I purchased these for my son who loves to draw. They are a great buy for any young artist who wants to experiment with oil pastels because they've outgrown crayons.
These are thin- better for 10 year old than younger child.
GREAT assortment. Good buy. I have really been experimenting and am happy with the quality.
"They can be a little, but overall i was satisfied with this and were beyond what i imagined for this price! Would recommend :)"
Great color selection and great price
they're great
"Very good product, durable, smooth writing, nice variety, reasonable price."
Great set for price (under 4 bucks) bought for my daughter who enjoys using oil pastels at school  however gave three stars b/c these have a very oily smell. They use the crayola brand at school which doesnt have that smell.
If you really want to product art I'd suggest a more expensive pair of pastels. Great for the price I guess but its on par with a crayon.
nice set for our nephew
"Probably one of the best values in all of art supplies. Very nice color. Slightly difficult to blend by hand, but a paper stub does the trick very well."
"I previously purchased these for myself quite awhile back, & recently re-ordered them for our little aspiring artist. They have worked well for us. While I am no professional artist I have tried several different brands of oil pastels over the years. I like these because they blend well & are a nice size in hand. This 50 count also offers a great variety of colors. And...they went nicely with her art themed gift bundle. =)"
"I grew up on using Pentel oil pastels so when I decided on wanting to purchasing pastels for my daughter, so I looked on Amazon and I found Pentels for less than $4. I don't ever remember pastels ever being that cheap... is this even legal??  I was ecstatic! After I bought it, waited 2 days and received it, I taught my daughter and her friend ""the rules of 3"" (which they told me their art teachers never taught them... I'm starting to think that I need to go teach art at their schools now....) . Needless to say, Pentel pastels are beloved by our family and friends. I've been using it since I was a tween, and I'm pretty sure my daughter and now my daughter's friend will be using it for a long time as well. Pretty happy with my purchase!"
great color selection.  smooth and flake free.  super price
"there are different levels of oil pastel.  These Pentels are perfect as a student grade pastel.  I use these with my students and supplement with the much higher quality and much more expensive Sennelier.  For most circumstances , these are a wonderful product and as a  professional artist, I keep them in my repretoire to use on my big projects as well as with my students."
The items were a gift and she loves them ;- )  thanks much very happy and will buy from again
Very nice oil Pastels with a good selection of values and hues
"These are a fun alternative to crayons. When my daughter was younger, she only liked markers because they were easier to draw and color with. She hardly ever touched crayons because of the application. When I got these I was excited because she began to love coloring. She used these so much that I had to buy another set shortly. Now that she is older these are still her favorite to color with although she uses crayons now without any complaints. These so have a thicker application that crayons and can smudge so you do have to be a little more careful with where you place the oil pastel but these are great. I even like to use them. Love the colors offered as well. I'd get these again in a heartbeat."
Pretty good. I haven't had the chance to use them much. But for the price you cant go wrong!
"Quick delivery. Good value 4 money, would buy again. Highly recommended"
good quality my daughter liked it
great product
"These are beautiful for the price! I was quite surprised at the quality considering how affordable they were. They are very vibrant colors, go on very easily, and blend or smudge exactly the way expect & want them to. I will definitely buy again!!"
Not terrible for the price but not greatgreat. A bit to waxy for my liking. I expected the pigments to glide onto the paper more smoothly. When used almost has the appearance of children's crayons. Although I was able to smooth it a bit with my fingers. Okay product would not purchase again.
Kinda cheap and crayon like.
"Nice inexpensive starter set! lots of rich colors, and ok workability - so happy with mine that I bought some for the kids in my extended family. Watching alot of YouTube oil pastel tutorial videos, & boy are we having fun now!"
great item for goody bags
Heavy chemical smell but I'm new to pastels so maybe they all have it? Don't blend very well. Will try mineral oil as suggested in another review. Colors are vibrant but probably won't use them much due to odor.
50 colors and cant beat the price!!!  GREAT BUY!!!
"Got these for my kids, 2 and 4 years. We love them. Plan to purchase another box once these are wrecked (won't be long now...) These are a little messier than crayons or colored pencils, but the colors are so vibrant, I felt like their creativity (especially the 4 year old) was sparked enough to be worth the extra clean up. So far no trouble getting marks off the table or clothing (I stain-treat everything...)"
It smells bad. I will not buy it again.
I have been using Pentel oil paste since I was in a kindergarten. It is like a blast from the past!
my child like it
Didn't charge my phone for more than an hour
so fun - high quality color
"Love this!!! bought this for my daughter, she having fun with it!"
I love these! They are really nice to use. The colors are very bright. Great selection in the colors.
"Buyer beware.  The photo for this item shows the thicker oil pastels.  I thought that was what I was ordering.  The pastels arrived, but they are about half the thickness of the other pastels.  Compare their photo to the photo of the actual product.  My daughter used a few of them already so unfortunately I cannot return the item."
These are very skinny and smell like chemicals.  Decent color and fairly smooth.
"okay quality. i didn't expect them to be perfect for the price, though. good quality for the price"
Great pastels. Def recommend them.
A great product for a great price. These pastels are pretty and easily blendable.
These pastels are great but the only problem i had was that they don't blend well with blenders you need to use the pastels to blend together and it made me waste them really quick but other than that it was a great buy for only about 7 dollars and also the colors didn't show up as dark as I would have liked but I could manage.
thx
Love them
"There were NOT 50 pcs. in the set I received, there were only 49. It even says 50 sticks on the box but only 49 colors, well there were just a total of 49 sticks period!

How well do they blend and the smoothness in which they apply? Well, for the cheap price, I will admit, they lay down nicely using a soft hand as they are indeed very waxy and soft. Blending is okay (suing a light hand), however, I got wonderful results if blended with vaseline or a very light layer of mineral or baby oil over the finished product!

If it were not for the missing piece when advertised as 50 I probably would have given them 4 stars, they definitely are not 5 star quality, but definitely a good buy for the price."
I bought two sets of these for my grandchildren but they were disappointed because when they opened them they noticed there were some colors missing from both sets . Otherwise it is a nice set .
Everything you could want and much more.
"My kids like it so much.. Just pay attention to your kids,  pastels can be broken easlilly and kids can eat it.."
The product arrived as advertised none of the oil pastels were broken and the box wasn't torn. I haven't used them yet but the quality seems nice for the price.
love it!!
Awesome!! Great Price!! Excellent Product!!
Very nice colors and high quality. Perfect for any aspiring artist.
love it!!!
This product is ACMI certified so I'm confident that it's 100% safe and effective. I really love its quality because it blends well with all colors and it produces good quality with your works. These pastels are really worth the price!
"received my package
thank you"
Not the best you can get but good for the price. Watch out if you use a lot of one color because you'll quickly run out with these.
"Unbelievable value. The colors are vibrant and the texture is soft and blendable. Excellent for beginner to intermediate artists. There is nothing in this price range, or even at six or eight times the price that compares."
Great Oil Pastels!! I'm a very happy customer!!
"I homeschool my 3rd grader and purchased this item for art lessons.  They are lovely.  The packaging, the quantity, the quality, and the price."
Wonderful addition to art supplies in my classroom. Kids love them.
https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0026SUCDE/ref=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_5
So fun!  Great vibrant colors.  I wish I could get them without the wrapper.
Not great pastels but I guess I shouldn't have expected much for  $5. I read the reviews and bought them based on the reviews but I'm writing my own review to say you get what you pay for. These feel very clay filled and do not blend very well at all.
great product
Turned out to be not so soft after all. But still able to use them.
My 9 year old child loved these. They are perfect for the beginner and the many colors for the price is exceptional.
Love them they were great
I always loved oil pastels as a kid so I purchased for my daughter. She loves them too. They are so vibrant and you get so many pretty colors. Enjoy!
"Wasn't sure if I would like these but they work well, blend well and were perfect for what I needed them for.  I would order again.  Very happy with these."
Its okay
"Nice quality, I am amateur ."
good.
Works great and at a great price. My 6 year old enjoys using them and if I am ever in the market for pastels again I will buy these.
These are very nice oil pastels.  There is a nice variety of colors.
very nice set
I bought these for my Daughter and she is loving them.
A good affordable pastel set. there are a good variety of colors and they are very blendable. These are non toxic too so kids can use them
arrived next day and exactly what i wanted.
Liked them. Thanks
great selection and flexibility
good for my son
These are great for beginners and intermediate. They are easy to use and have a great color spectrum to paint with.
My kids love them!
My 7 year old daughter loves these pastels. They are very smooth and blend well.  Makes beautiful art work.
I like the pastels except a lot softer than i thought they would be I do like how well they can blend
"beautiful set, exactly what I was wanting! Have not had chance to use, forgot to order pastel paper, but that will be here tomorrow! definitely recommend for the pastel artists out there!"
"I love the effects I was getting with them, so quickly realized that I needed more colors. This is a great set of basic oil pastels."
The oil pastels arrived on time and in good condition. They were well packaged and affordable. These are a gift for my daughter's 12th birthday. She is very pleased with them. This particular pack has a lot of various colors to it and she is enjoying them all.
Purchased to use in my first grade classroom.  The kids love the vibrant colors and they are much smoother to color with than crayons.  We are getting ready for art night and these oil pastels will take my students artwork to the next level.
"gift for an 8 year old, he really liked it."
Great - donated this to my  kid's school - the teacher loves them.
A great product. I will be repurchasing when the time comes.
"They are easy to use, the colors are amazing, and I cannot find anything wrong with them. I will buy some more when I finish this first set."
Love the color range and the price!
Great price and good quality
Worked great for my College Drawing class projects! ScarlettAlexandra on Instagram if you want to see more!
1
Vibrant color and easy to use. Exactly what I was expecting! Used to color the background of canvas projects I was doing with my children.
gift for granddaughter. nice.
Ease of use
great product and price
great value
Great and easy to use for an even more amazing price. Very very happy I purchased them. Hats off to the manufacturer.
Have a gasoline smell??
"Great value! This was by far the best deal we could find on oil pastels. The pastels are high quality, also."
I haven't tried these yet but I really do love that they come in a storage tray. They do look a lot smaller than what's in the picture though.
My son loves them.
Nice set
These oil pastel makes my life very  colorful and meaningful.
Excellent Deal!!! Great quality too!
"Nice color, smooth texture, my son uses these constantly.  They're a really nice quality for the price."
Daughter loved them.
"really good quality...didnt expect it at all....they are soft and are very easy to mix...
cons: a little smaller than expected.."
Great product and love the assortment of colors!! Draws and mixes well. Perfect for little and big people!
I bought this as a gift for a friend's very talented little girl and she was really happy with it. This product has an amazing price and it does the job. At least for beginner level artists this is more than enough for them to learn how to use Oil Pastels.
not mine
I bought these as a gift for my budding artist nephew.  He really enjoys making sketches with them.
Good basic set to start with
already working on some drawings love the ease of use.
"These were great for my daughter who loves to sketch without spending the money on the ""artist"" paints. These were great and have actually lasted quite a while. I have bought this for gifts as well."
I love these pastels. They come in different colors and are good quality.
Perfect for beginner painters
This is my 3rd set of these. Love the brand and quality for occasional art fun. We don't use these professionally but for fun art projects wight he kids it is perfect. They love the bright colors. The box is great for keeping things neat and tidy when storing away.
Nice for beginner
My girls are creating beauty all over the place!
"I can't remember how many their are of each color, but there are 28 kids in my son's class and their was enough of each color for them to all have one of each color. That is a major win in my book."
"THIS IS A GREAT PRODUCT, ORDERED TWO SETS, FOR MYSELF AND GRANDSON, BOTH BOXES WERE DAMANGED IN ORDER I RECEIVED TODAY, ALONG WITH ONE OTHER MAJOR ITEM."
"I got this because I recently wanted to try to draw with oil pastels and didn't want to spend too much money on anything without trying something out first.. I absolutely love this!! There are 50 gorgeous colors and they all write so nicely and is super smooth. This being only $5.98 is the best part. I really get to practice a lot with it and I was able to draw a lot of pretty pictures with it. The only thing I can say about it is that, the pastels are a little small, so it takes a little getting used to, but other than that this is amazing!!!"
My kids love using oil pastels so I decided to buy this so we don't have to worry about using them up anytime soon. We love them and use them regularly. They are perfect for kids artwork.
"I got these because of the great reviews but I was a bit underwhelmed. The color is vivid, but they are a but draggy and pilly. Not as smooth as I would,have liked. The price was really nice and they would probably be great for a beginner to start with."
"Just received these in the mail as well as the Strokes brand oil pastels and ripped out a piece of paper right away to try them.

First impression: packaging was well contained; some of the pastels were a bit messy but what do you expect from oil pastels and this price. The colors are so dreamy and vibrant. The texture was a lot more chalky than I expected. The Strokes brand went on the paper more smoothly and oily than this one but the Pentel did not have any shavings pop up on the paper after a few strokes. These pastels also took me a little longer than usual to smear out with my finger.

Overall awesome for the price oh my word! Excited to start working with them"
Arrived as expected. I like these colors tho I wish they were a bit softer. Overall pretty satisfied.
fast service .much appreciated
"Very great for a beginner set. I am 16 and this is my first time using oil pastels. I had to get used to them at first, but this is my first (unfinished) piece that I have created with this Pentel set. Very happy with the product. I must mention that I have had trouble blending with my fingers-- I've been just blending the pastels with each other and hardly using my finger."
my kids love it
"This is the second set I've purchased for my art obsessed 6 year old. She is very hard on them so they don't last super long. Moms beware that since these are soft, they will leave color wherever they fall. A small chunk got stuck to my daughters sock and we had a trail of purple throughout the house. Great packaging and great product."
great product and great price!
Fun time
exactly what I expected
They are amazing. The best quality ever. I wish I could give 10 stars ) 
Much smaller than I anticipated
Bright vibrant colours and easy to clean up.
Christmas present for my niece - she loved this and all her new art supplies.
perfect for the young artists.
"Excelent colors and sweet,  i love it"
"This set it's perfect, i've bough it formy sister, she's an art student in her first year, and loved it."
EXCELLENT
Perfect
Very dry and chalky. Doesn't adhere to paper very well.
"I bought this for my girlfriend since she was saying how she really wanted some, so when I asked her how she liked them after a few weeks, she replied with, ""I love them, they're great!"" From her report, they have a great colour range and work well. Not to mention they're a pretty good price. I looked around in a craft store, and this was a way better deal!"
"Amazing colors, and don't regret buying them :)"
Bought for my 7 year old and he loves these.  He started using them in his art class this year and the pictures come out so nice since you're able to really mix the colors with the oil crayons vs regular crayons.  Love this set and great deal for the price!!
My daughter really enjoys this set of pastels and if pleased with how well they work. I am impressed with the variety of colors in the set..
Good product !!
My daughter loves drawing with pastels. These were high quality and worked well. We also used them as hair chalk with great success.
"many colors, very nice. Thank you."
bought as a gift and my artist sister loved them!
"I enjoyed using these there are so many colors and they are smoother than I expected, they probably aren't true artist quality but for practice they work just fine in my opinion. Only complaint is that when I rubbed the colors to blend them out chunks of color rubbed off of my fingers and little bits that looked like eraser bits got onto me. So I have to be careful to watch where the bits go because they will stain easily. But since I've never used them before I have no idea if that is with every oil pastel or just the cheaper ones. Still not a big deal since they are such a good deal."
These are very good quality pastels.
These oil pastels came super fast I was a little worried that they would arrived broken or damaged but no! nothing like that happened they were perfectly fine all the colors are amazing I haven't use them on paper yet but I can tell they're going to be perfect there's great variety of each color and they look awesome!
"Great beginner set of oil pastels with very vivid colors. The colors blend easily (just make sure to layer on enough to get the material buttery) and they include two sticks of white, which I have found very helpful with all blending. What would have made this kit even better (though who can complain at this price point?) would be a colorless blending stick.

The one major downside is the selection of colors. I have the 50 piece set and while there are multiple shades of bright colors (for example, in the bright reds, there are red, crimson lake, scarlet, vermillion), the set lacks dark shades (e.g., there are no dark reds: mahogany, burgandy, etc.). As other reviewers have mentioned, this is helpful if you run out of one 3-inch stick, because there will be other ones that are so close in shade, but not so helpful that you simply don't have certain colors."
"These are gorgeous pastels but they are super small! I could not tell they were goung to be so small from the picture. They are about the size of an average crayon but I don't work with pastels often so this is good enough for me. If you use pastels often, i wouldnt recommend these unless you buy several of them!"
this was sent as a gift so have no idea.......it did arrive in great shape.
These are wonderful pastels! I love them and they are a great addition to my coloring addiction of late! Great quality and rich colors!
I have bought this item over and over. I have also given them away as presents. the colors are creamy and fully saturated and vibrant. I wish I had sets of pastels like this when I was growing up in Italy. No doubt they were available but at prohibitive prices.
"These crayons are perfect.

I got them thinking of my girl scout troop

we are always doing craft

this works much better than wax I don't have to push hard on them."
"Thes are great in the classroom.  I have noticed a difference in how the grip papers have been applied - these fall off really easy.  This poses a problem if you don't use wipes or have a hand wash station.  I am an obsessive wipe user in my classroom... so I don't care much about that, but if I didn't have a sink or access to wipes there would be a problem.  Colors are great and the kids love using them.  They blend well.  I haven't used solvents with them because I'm in elementary.  I will definitely buy these again!"
"very nice quality, color is very good, would buy again"
"Not as smooth as I hoped for, but works OK, still looking for that great oil pastel, so far Crayola oils are far better than the more expense ones I have tried for smoothness, blending and ease of use. Crayola just does not make enough colors."
Many chipped and broken pastels in the tray.
"bought this for my daughter, and she really loves using them."
"Christmas present for the boy. He'd never used pastels, so this is an affordable and comprehensive set to start him off."
I had looked for these as my son had a small package as a child. Pleased to find a large set. Like the coloring results but wish they had a pointed end.
A nice collection for the price
"For this price (under $7 for 50 pastels!), the quality is mind blowing. The colors are beautiful, very rich and oily, blending great. Try them, you won't regret it."
Excellent
very vibrant colors. my sister loves them
"Really nice oil pastels for the price. Bought them for my children to get them into softer oil pastels, they actually blend very nicely and while I am waiting for my professional set I have been using them and I am very happy that I got this set for my kids to start on oil pastels. The colors are very nice, will check and see if they have a bigger set."
"Quality of oil pastels is poor. In other words when you apply a pastel to paper or other surface it should easily transfer to the surface. Nope not is formula of oil pastel which is really hard to understand. So I using these pastels and when used up I will look at Winston or an in the store source
because this overseas source is not worth cost or the effort to return."
"Who doesn't want a great set of pastels? Pentel Arts Oil Pastels are definitely a classic must have for any young artist. I bought this set for my niece and was very tempted to keep the set for myself. The range of the 50 colors were very, very nice, and made me reminisce over childhood memories. It's a wonderful gift to give, or if you're looking to get started on pastels, work with this set. They're delightful!"
Purchased this pallet for my 7 year old. It was a requirement for school. Good low price.
"I just received these oil pastels today and only laid a few colors in a sketch pad to test them, and they were creamy and pigment-rich as advertised. Freshly applied, I could blend them a bit with my fingertip, but I favor using a damp turpentine soaked brush for blending this medium, on watercolor paper, Bristol or similar base system for this technique. They are good enough to impel me to order a couple more of these sets at this price. I am strictly amateur, and only play at fine art, but the brilliance of these colors, and their ease of use lead me to believe that they would work well for professionals as well."
Grandkids love them.  Purchased as a gift.
"So I have ordered these pastels twice, the first time they arrived on time and in amazing condition. They work great and are perfect for new artists and old alike. However the second time I ordered them (I ran out of the majority of colors so I figured I would treat myself to a new set) it appeared as though it had been opened and taped shut and all the pastels were crushed and almost useless. I requested a replacement so hopefully if this package arrives as expected and in good condition I can again have respect for this company."
Very happy
"Nice quality. Got these for kids who were interested in art after being shown these at school, but anyone could use them to make really nice art work."
Shipment arrived 2 days earlier than expected & the product looks great. My son haven't used it as yet but when he does I will come back and update you on the results. Thank you
"These are much thicker than we thought.  They would be good for a background, but now for the intricate pictures in many of the adult coloring books being sold today."
I am six years old and I love these pastels.  They blend together very well.  I love the pretty colors in the set. I like drawing with these pretty pastels. They are nicer than the ones that I use in my art class. I am so glad that I got these for Christmas. I think that these are very good pastels for a young artist.
Item (sketch pad) was more damaged than expected. Sorry I chose this item
Good product
Better than crayons for preschoolers. The vivid colors are more rewarding
"Compared to other oil pastels, this has superior quality."
"These oil pastels were more high-quality than I expected. They're really soft and have a variety of really nice, bright colors. My daughter loves using them for her art projects"
"Good quality, none of them were broken arrived two days ahead of schedule."
"I've been using and buying Pentel oil pastels since I was a child, all the way to projects in college. I love them, the are the right consistency and beautiful vibrancy for this medium and when you know what you are working with, you know how to create something you'll love. I got the 50 pack because I know that when you are working on a project, the pastels do tend to wear quick. For the price, this was a great deal and I would most definitely recommend these to all my creative friends."
"Great! Came on time, all pastels were there. Packaging was good, but a few of the pastels had slipped out of their places. Nothing broken, though. They're good quality, especially for the price. I'm sure my nephew will love them!"
These pastels have helped me expand my artistic endeavors. Great selection of colors!
"These will now be an art staple around our home. Rich, vibrant color."
very nice. great value product
Great starter set for my 7th grader!
"Mom was very happy to receive her oil pastels, its small enough to take to a picnic so she can do her art. With 50 colors at hand she can go out of town painting."
BEAUTIFUL.......
"all intact, vibrant colors!"
Smell strong but work great!
"After a lot of research, I decided to buy my son this pastel set. I am so glad I did. Amazing products and color variations. He and I both love this product. It has lasted us a very long time."
"I ordered these oil pastels after watching a video on YouTube teaching how to use oil pastels to beginners.  I have never used oil pastels before so I did not know what to expect. I do know that these worked nothing like the video showed.  I was looking for oil pastels that could be blended with my fingers, but these do not blend well.  I have tried Robin these on the paper softly, and even more hard, but they do not land when trying to smooth them out with my fingers.  The color on the page becomes a crumbly mess and leaves an  the oily chalky paint on your fingers.  I will have to figure out a different way to use these as I did order the 432 piece classroom set. I got these on a lightning deal for the price was very cheap. I am sure I will be able to use them in my art journaling in a different way than I had planned. Overall, for the price I paid for these  I am happy.  It would have been nice if they would have given more colors. In the 432 pieces I was only given 12 colors."
Daughter will love them
Great buy for the price.
Mon 8 year old son loved these--great price for product. Very happy.
Excelent
"These pastels are great for the price! They clump a little when you use them, but if you blend it they go away for the most part. There's a great array of colors."
These are more like crayons...
It's great thank you it  came in good condition
Bought these for my wife because her old pastel set was getting worn right out.  This kit hold double what her last pack held and she has a hard time fitting it into her artist's stand but she does really like this set apart from that.
Better price and good product.
"I am a beginner with the oil pastels and I must say, I like coloring with oil pastels! the blending is superb and the colors are nice and bright!! I would recommend these for anyone who loves to color!!"
Any child who loves art will enjoy these pastels!
"I ordered your product for patients here at our hospital.  I know any toys, games, books, art, etc. are very much appreciated by our patients and families.

Thank you"
ok
"I purchased this set as a gift for my seven year old niece. I thought the price was exceptional for the variety of colors which were included. However, when it arrived, I immediately noticed that it was made in Thailand. Nowhere on the box does it say it is 'non-toxic'. Another reviewer pointed out that on the back of the box there is a ACMI rating label, AP which stands for 'Approved Product'.  I had to use a magnifying glass to find the 'AP' label on the reverse side of the box.  I did not feel comfortable giving this set of oil pastels to a young child, so I donated it to my local church thrift shop.  Therefore, I cannot attest to the quality of the pastels.  However, if you are looking for a non-toxic set of pastels, I would suggest that you purchase another product."
My girl said real good
GIFT
"I'm trying to master every art style using this medium, so I can prepare myself to other difficult mediums such as oil painting and charcoal."
Hope they give good color-its a gift!
"First time using oil pastels, it didn't come out as awesome as everyone else s, probably because I used it on canvas, but overall it is very easy to use and blends with other colors beautifully. I recommend this product for first timers as myself."
My son loves it. Her teacher asked his for the art class as colours are very bold.
A great starter set for learning to use pastels! We love it!
Ah!! They're the same brand I used for my AP portfolio!
awesome
"Very nice set, good range of colors, high quality pigments. I very much enjoy using them."
"Xmas present so hoping to be a big hit! Quality looks good, colors vibrant!"
"Was tempted to give it 5 stars, but I really can't as I have nothing to compare it to. This is my first purchase of pastels and Pentel products have always been good. As a beginner, I am pleased with this set."
Just as described. Good quality
The best
Great price for the pastels.
Great pastels.
I did not like these that much for a major project. Maybe if you are learning pastels or need something cheaper...but they didn't work for what I was intending to draw that was meant for oil pastels...They didn't last me long. But its a good cheap starter set.
Excellent Beginning pastel set with good selection of colors.
Worth every penny
"The colors go on well, but I wanted oil pastels that could be smudged or blended. When you try to blend or smudge these with your fingers they turn chalky, some of the color on the page becomes crumbly, and the reside on your fingers is like wet chalk. Maybe this is typical of inexpensive oil pastels?? If all you want to do is color with them, you should be happy."
"My little sister had gotten into art a lot lately, and has been begging for oil pastels. I wouldn't recommend this for any professional artists, but as a 7 year old child, she was very content with this product! For the price, you definitely get what you paid for. Her art has improved, but these are still her go-to pastels!"
Fantastic.
Wow these are perfect for beginners. I never knew such a large amount of quality and cheap art supplies existed. Very fun.
"Great assortment of colors.  This is a gift, so cannot comment on quality yet."
"Cheap but good. You get a lot of bang for the buck with these. They are fun without going broke buying them. I like using them on Mi-Teintes paper. You need to apply the oil pastels in layers for a good look, usually layers of 2 or 3 colors. If you just put one layer it's going to look scratchy with the paper showing through. Look on youtube for techniques. I gave it 4 stars out of 5 because some of the colors aren't very opaque on dark paper, and this is a student grade oil pastel. I like using oil pastels because it's a simple, clean way to get to create colored art without making a mess like acrylic or oil paint. Plus it's challenging to make a satisfactory artwork with oil pastels. I like that challenge. I just get these out sometimes and mess with them for fun. But lately I'm starting to get a little more into oil pastels and I'm thinking about making complete oil pastel paintings. I wouldn't get a set of any oil pastels or pencils that has less than about 50 colors, because when you buy a set of about 24 colors or less, you just don't have enough colors to do what you want."
"I love the look of this set.  Can't open it because it is a Christmas gift.  Each piece is not very large.  I didn't like that, but the array of colors is so great and that I really like.  Since I can't open it I can comment on how well they go down on the page.  Sorry.  The price was right."
These are exactly as I expected they would be.
My kids love them.
Daughter loves the paint (14 year old) perfect for any art lover
"Cannot say I am an art expert or by any means a world class artist.  Use these for creating home made cards and other things for sending to relatives kids or just whatever other little art project may come up.  this is a nice set of Pastels, good colors and come in a nice case to keep them organized and in good shape.  Very happy with the purchase and they have been put to some good use so far"
No complaints
Wonderful Creativity Enhancers. Blend well.
"Excellent quality pastels as I expect from Pentel. Nice range of color. Wish there was more black and white, they always go fast!"
good price
"I do not recommend these. They are very poor quality, but that's not much of a surprise when they cost only $5. I bought them based on reviews saying they were good. However, they crumble and get everywhere ruining whatever you're attempting to make with them. Also, they are VERY tiny, smaller than a crayon."
great crayons  for art class at a good value.
Great price and vibrant colors. Really wonderful to use
I received my order yesterday but the pastels have a weird smell to them. Is it normal for the pastels to have a gasoline like smell to them?
I am new to the world of oil pastels and these are great for me as a newbie.  There is such a variety of colors that it makes learning this art a lot of fun.  Since some colors are close it's easy to blend them as I'm learning.
grandson is having a great time
"This is a gift so I haven't used it, however, the quality and size of this package for the price is phenomenal. Very pleased and would buy again."
"Love the vivid colors and darker shades too. Have been using them for art projects my mom is doing. She has dementia and loves the bright colors to draw abstract drawings. I love to use the colors in various shades with different shapes and designs in my drawings. Price is good. Finger tips do get dirty, but that's okay because the pastel colors wash off easily. Have to be careful to not press down too hard on paper because the oil pastels break easily. Recommend this product for all ages."
Awesome Got them for an amazing price
good
Awesome pastel set. Easy to use and has a great color variety. Love it
Blending and overlapping the colors was easy. The drawings turned out wonderful
"You get what you pay for. If you want professional quality, this isn't it. But if you're new to using it, it's not a bad starter set"
"Have not used it , but I believe I will like it"
my girls beg for the oil  pastels vs crayons. They are so rich in color.
Nice set
"I'm not sure how much better a more expensive set of oil pastels would be as these are the first I've used. I think these are a great choice. The colors are rich and varied. They are easy to blend with blending tools, fingers, and mineral spirits. For personal use I would highly recommend trying these out."
Kids love them . Works perfectly and price is good
"I like the pastels but they are what you pay for, they work for the moment."
"Any problems I might have are with the medium in general, not this brand. Smooth, creamy, easy to apply, good colors. Now I just need to learn how to use them! Would definitely purchase these again."
"As good as any other oil pastels I've used, but this one has a bit of an odd smell."
ok
"Soft and blend well. Neat case. Nice size for small hands, especially for kids."
Excellent for the elementary school classroom.  After drawing your picture if you use a little baby oil on a cotton swab to wipe over your picture the results will blow your students minds.
"Oil pastels are so enjoyable to use, and this set is extensive enough to allow for a lot of artistic work!"
Excellent product...items dt feel stale or worn...paint feels fresh
"Bought this at first to do a quick art project but when I tried it out, i was instantly in love with it! I love the full, vibrant colors and they're very blendable."
Ordered these for a friend who does an art class for the elementary school. Just what she needed. Nice set.
I must say that these blend very well when you use your finger. I mean once you got enough layers these blend like butter. Pretty good pastels for starters. Don't get intimidated because you probably used these back in school when you were a kid or teen. Once you learn techniques on how to layer and blend you will be surprised how well these work. I will definitely buy again.
These work great. Many colors to choose from.
"I bought them for my 8 year old daughter.  We have not opened them yet.  The packaging is nice, and the colors are pretty.  Can't wait to use them with her."
I've tried so many oil pastels and this is the only one I kept buying again and again.  It blends really well and so smooth to use.
I've never used oil pastels before.  Love the vibrant colors!
Very nice product
great assortment - my twins love these!
This set is great quality and value.
"For my wife, she loves it!!"
Arrived as expected.
i can't believe for only $6 you can get such good quality pastels .. great for beginners !
Great set of pastels especially for the price
"This is just what I was looking for.  It is a gift but will be perfect, I'm sure.  Very prompt in receiving it as scheduled."
"It was great
I am very happy with the service"
"This is a huge set, but well worth the excess. Just pack sandwich bags with 1 of each color and you'll have a bunch of pastel sets to hand out. This is a great deal."
Great array of colors and blends fairly smoothly
Good price but remind me more of crayons. Was not very blendable nor could you really color over colors to get better detail. But you can not beat the price.
"Ergh, these did not excited me.  The application was greasy and not easily blend-able."
"I got these from my mom for art classes at school.
-The colors are great
-There is a large variety of beautiful colors
-It comes neatly organized
However, these oil pastels were surprisingly TINY! 6 cm by less than 1 cm.
-Oil pastels are very much like crayons or chalk. They are NOT OIL PASTELS!
-not smooth, very rough
-results in awful blending
I was very disappointed to receive this. I expected better quality products from Pentel.
If you are looking forward to get an A or A+ on your art project, I recommend something else, perhaps Prismacolor. This kind of pastel will get you a B. If you are lucky, you may get a B+ or A-."
good!
Fast shipping and is exactly what it was described as
"People who are complaining obviously are not experienced with the medium or the tools a painter uses. This brand and set is ment for kids in the classroom, not hobbiests, not artists or serious use. Given that I think they are just fine and a great price. Dont buy as a gift, by for the kid or for play. These are not made to blend easily. Use a liquid thiner and brush, palete knife, or apply thinly with lots of layering on the proper paper, canvas or board. kids may need suprvision to avoid breakage or waste."
The variety of color is astounding! The quality is what I have to expect and appreciate from pentel.
"I love these little pastels! They have a plastic top that when covered, the pastels slide back into the cardboard sleeve.
I received mine in perfect condition with none broken.

There are 49 different colors, with 2 white ones included for a total of 50 sticks. At the base of each stick, written on the label, is the identifying number and name of the color. Helpful if you're almost to the end of a color and need a replacement.
I am no artist. I'm more of a ""stick people"" kinda drawer. But give me stencil or an outline, and I am pretty good with blending colors at an acceptable level :)
These pastels blend very smoothly. It's all about the amount of pressure you apply. Better 3 light strokes than 1 heavy. I've used them on standard printing paper and heavy cardstock and I had good results with both.

For my needs they are a perfect assortment at a perfect price."
Great product
"I'm giving it 3 stars. Love the variety of colors it came with but the quality isn't great. Specifically, they are not smooth at all. Just a step above crayons.
If you are just beginning and do not want to spend a lot of money, go for it.
But if you'd like to do something a little more intricate, you'll have to spend a little more."
"Too messy, and it left a lot of residue (crumbs)."
We love them very much. Perfect for the work that we are doing.
amazing for the price
"Extremely great price and quality. We use these for homeschool and were/have not been disappointed. Nicely packaged, and don't wear out or easily wasted too quickly."
Very good price and fast delivery
Good Pastels with affordable price. Soft and good color density.
A great set. Much loved.
Very nice set up. Working very well.
Very good product!
Very happy with my purchase! Weather here at this time of year is 99+degrees. My package arrived on time and in perfect condition! No melted pastels!! And the quality is great from Pentel Arts! Will definitely order again!!
A bit chalky and not as smooth but pretty legit for the price
Love the size of this pack!
"For the price they were good for what I ordered them for, which was my 8 year old grandson who loves art and is trying new and different mediums. But not professional quality but any means."
Good
great for beginners and great price. Delivery was excellent and on time/early!
"I have always wanted to try oil pastels when I got the chance to review them I jumped on it.  To me, they felt like crayons I was surprised by the beautiful colors that were there.  It was easy to apply them to the canvas that I chose.  I blended colors together and made different tints.  I had a lot of fun using these.  But alas, the artist is not in me and I would starve trying to live on my drawings.

I was given a discount for this product for my honest unbiased review.  This is 100% my thoughts."
Great for tiny artists.
my daughter came home from school and was so excited that they had gotten to use oil pastels at school. She was so excited that I actually decided to look for a set for her and I to use here at home! This it was great had a wide array of colors to choose from which she loved and I love the fact that fact the box was easily closable in the trunk didn't fall out when it was accidentally tipped upside down. We had purchased a small set of a different brand before in the top was just covered in plastic so they kept spilling all over the place and I was constantly trying to clean up messes! These are going great quality pastels and I would recommend them to anyone the best part was the price was amazing!
"These work pretty well. I'm 21 and I'm going to school as an art major, so I bought these to use to explore pastels and I'm very pleased. They blended pretty well once I got the hang of the medium. It has a pretty good selection of colors so I was never unable to find or at least mix the color I needed. I actually managed to make some artwork that I could be proud of with these."
Great product thank you.
Just right
Amazing great quality
"These oil pastels are GREAT for beginners. You get a wide variety of colors at such a cheap cost. My sister is just starting out on these to color up some black and white printed paper she has so that we don't have to go buy a color printer instead. They are easy to use and the colors look great. Of course, these are very short so I suspect I will have to buy another set soon as backup. Definitely don't put a lot of pressure on them as they look easily snappable, but they are great for big pictures and blend well from what I've seen. It's definitely a great set for people who can't afford the more high quality branded oil pastels and to experiment with in case you want to see if oil pastels are something you want to continue using."
"Haven't had a chance to try these out, but hoping to have good results..."
This is a nice big set with a huge color selection. Perfect for a young beginner.
"The pastels are quite good for beginning with. The best thing I like about this set is they have two white pastels, which is extremely important..I painted the attached picture with these product."
I loved them they paint perfectly
Love it!
I love these pastels.  The set offers a great variety of colors.  I use them in an art therapy class and the participants have been very pleased to have them as an option.
Bright and brilliant colors. I love the shades and the price was really good. They do have a funny smell but I have never had oil pastels before so I am assuming that is the norm.
"These oil pastels are good for beginners, but a little dry. I can see how oil sticks would be better having more oil in them by using these though, a good buy to find out if this medium is for you."
Great pastels!  Fun to experiment with!
Not at all what I expected.  They don't blend well at all and it isn't easy to layer one color on top of the other.  When the pastel is applied to the paper it forms little clumps of pigment which kind of resemble soft molding clay.  Very disappointing.
Worked great!
"Good products, but several were broken during shipping"
Good price good quality
"MY SON LOVES THESE!! Mostly because they are whats used by art hub for kids youtube art tutorials, of whom he is a huge fan!!! But also, they are just plain great artist quality coloring tools. Nice rich color, good blend-ability. If they're a bit bigger (They are only about the size of a half crayon and about the same circumference if not a bit thinner. even still, if they had a tapered drawing edge, like a crayon, I would give them 5 stars. They take a bit to get into a workable point for any sort of detail work - as each end is completely flat like the bottom of a crayon. Otherwise, they are brilliant. Literally and figuratively! Great product"
"Hello, very nice stuff.  Thank you."
Great value set and great quality. The colors go on so smooth and the payoff is amazing. You won't be disappointed. whether you r starting out or you are a pro and don't want to spend much then this set is for u. I highly recommend it.
Excellent!!!! Love love love!
Great quality at a terrific price !
"The color variety and quality of these can't be beat for the price. These are a great addition to our craft supplies, because I can use an ""adult"" item and my son can also color with these or his own crayons and they won't make a huge mess. The colors appear bright and clear on paper and go on smoothly."
"Excellent quality, really great for blending!"
Great quality
Excellent as always.  My little budding artist loves these.
Pasrels??????
My nephew likes it a lot.
We will have alot of projects. Coming up.
Nice
More like crayons
"Great price, lots of colors, it was just what I needed"
Bought as a gift. Its like it says. Decent product. Would buy again as long as price stays reasonable.
"Cheap and good quality, many colors, love it, great bang for the buck."
They get the job done.
"My daughter loves these pastels, good deal"
Great pastels for my 8 year old artist. And great price!!!
Great Pastels and a wide range of colors.
Purchased for an artist friend and she loved this oil pastel set.
"Pretty good pastels, lots of colors to choose from"
"loved them, great buy!"
"I do liked, nice colors."
"Very nice set, good for starter kit."
"you may think oh ill get this cheap, but don't buy there small in size and they run out quickly"
My daughter really loved this product. She is having a blast with her drawings while using the pastels.
top quality pastels
"Great set for the beginner, which I am.  Good mix of colors."
"This was a great set with several colors. I was surprised that they were as nice as they were because they were on the ""cheap"" side. They would be great for beginners or for even the most advanced artist."
good selection and vibrant color they are awesome
These are the best! Fast delivery too!
My girls love these
"I wasn't sure how well this oil pastels were going to work out, I thought they were going to be thicker, they ended up being a lot more powdery like soft or chalk pastels. Overall good for certain projects."
"I am primarily a pencil and charcoal artist but am trying to branch out a bit.  I tried painting but I feel a deeper artistic connection when I am able to use my hands more than tools. I have no experience with any other oil pastels to compare these to and I've never taken an art class in my adult life, but I really enjoyed Pentel Arts Oil Pastels. The colors blended beautifully and I was able to create something and get my hands messy. The mess was an easy clean up and washed off of clothing and skin easily. I am planning on ordering a second set to have on hand and for the price, I don't know that you can beat these."
"I got these for my seven year old niece, who's taking an art class. She just loves it and is thrilled with all the colors."
"For the price - yes, it's okay.  The colors are fine.  The pastels, however, are not soft - so if you want a sharp line - these do that very well.  They blend, but not well or easily.  Use a light touch if you want to obscure any edges.

The color palette is rather chaotic.  I'd be more impressed if the colors were on a spectrum and were compatible with one another.  These seem a grouping of colors in small sets placed in the tray.  So, they aren't necessarily well matched for any one project.  But for an odd color here or there and for that line you want defined, it should do the job."
Great class set. It comes with a nice variety of colors for students to begin with. It also provides them with an opportunity to learn how to blend colors to get other colors being that you have to create purple since it doesn't come as a color in the set.
I can't say enough good things about this item.  It was a great buy and a quality product.
Great color and great price
Smaller than I thought they would be. Crayola makes much larger ones but for the price no one else gives this many pastels for so cheap. Crayola gives 24. So for the value of hiw many colors you get despite their size this is an awesome deal. As for the quality they seem great. I will be buying more in the future for sure.
great colors and value.
I love these and I have expanded my range as an artist because of them...
Good product!
Great pastels for beginners.
wonderful classroom set
"I just LOVE this palette! So many very vibrant colours, and it was shipped and delivered before expected! Would highly recommend!"
"First, I will say that I am in no way a professional artist, just a hobbyist who enjoys different mediums.

I had been looking at some of the more professional type pastels, but couldn't justify the money. These got great reviews for a cheaper brand, so I figured they would do what I needed them to do. I was previously using a cheap brand from Kroger that seemed to be more waxy like a crayon and didn't blend well, so hence the need to upgrade.

Based on the reviews, I was disappointed when I tried these. While the color selection is very good, and they are more firm than I would have expected (so they will last a little longer), they really did not blend any better than the cheap ones I was already using. Here you will see my comparison and the different methods that I used to blend them.

Overall, you get what you pay for, and since I only spent $6, its not a big deal, but they are not as great as I would have thought."
"We just opened the box and several of these pastels were broken. Outside of broken merchandise,  this product is very nice."
My son love it !! Great item and good price
Great deal on great pastels. Love the variety of colors. I bought these for my kids and they love them. Easy to use and blend well.
"They feel nice, they are smaller than what I was expecting but you can't beat it for the price. They feel a little bit dryer than I thought they should be but they still work perfectly. Now the colors.... they are AMAZING, vivid and beautiful array of colors!!!"
These were much smaller than expected. About crayon size. They go on very smooth. Beautiful colors. I would purchase again and would recommend to others.
bought as a gift for an artist friend who had never tried pastels.. He loves working with them now and said they shipped to him fast. I want to buy a set for myself soon...
Great selection of colors! Me & mi daughters love this Oil pastels :D
These are excellent and top quality.
Purchased this for my child and she loves it. The price was great and these are all standard size pastels.  Great item!
"Well I finally tried these pastels.  When I try to blend colors together with my fingers, there's a lot of rubber like debris that forms.  It's the pastels just balling up under my finger.  It's very frustrating."
Its nice cause it so many for so little of the price..but there kinda small like smaller then your pinky and it came in all messed up but none broken. A good wipe and hopefully the colors aren't to mixed in each other.
"The pastels got shook up quite a bit in shipping, so the white plastic tray is all marked up. Nice pastels though"
I ordered these to use with an adult coloring book. I found they were too soft for my needs. I may have ordered the wrong thing. They may be more suited for someone actually using them to draw.
excellent
Very sweet set and a great price.
"These are great OIL pastels. I admit, I was looking for chalk pastels and didn't pay enough attention before ordering. But for what they are, they're good quality, with rich color saturation."
The set didn't have pinks and purples which are necessary for spring art projects
Nice set!
Used these to put into party favors for an art birthday party. The kids enjoyed them but beware-- they don't seem too washable!! I worked pretty hard to get it off of clothing.
Daughter requested as the best cost/quality value.  Delivered promptly and as advertised.
"I'm a beginner with oil pastels, so this was perfect for me. Very affordable and a great variety of colors."
THIS IS FOR A FRIEND
is very good...
"just took up drawing and using pastels so this kit is great. 50 beautiful, rich colors. easy to use, nice case, good colors. great for beginners"
Great price and quality!
Excellent. Delivery on time. Thanks
Awesome oil pastels. They blend great. Not good for coloring small spaces bc of the flat surface but not a big deal . Colors are very vivid and bright. Love love love them! Definitely buy these!!!!
Was as described.
It was a very good deal for the money. The colors were vibrant and they were a very good quality product. They work well on multimedia paper and regular paper.
Great oil pastels for beginner artist.  Blends easily.  Suitable for young elementary age child.  Second time purchasing this item.
Daughters are enjoying it.
"These pentel pastels are actually pretty good for there price.
I really like them, they work really well for my projects."
Perfect set for my 10 year old.
"Great variety, great colors, and even pretty good quality for a great price. Very pleased."
Great
Daughter loves these pastels. Work great on paper. nicely made product.
Offers multiple colors and great for Oil drawings
It is not what I had in mind ... but will use it ..
Bought this pack for my bestfriend for Christmas. She loves them and has drawn amazing pictures with them. Very good quality pastels.
BEAUTIFUL!! You can mix these on your gesso canvas with coconut oil and they are simply stunning!! 5+
Excellent product
LOVE it.
"My oil pastels arrived in a well packaged box with cushioning, no broken sticks. The colors are rich and blend well, exactly as I expected. There added two sticks of white. Great price, great service."
These are really great oil pastels. The colors are gorgeous. I would recommend them to anyone who wanted to try oil pastels.
fine
Perfect ty
colors are very pigmented just hard to blend but for the price excellent and shipping was fast
The indivdual oil pastel was smaller than I expected.
Great gift for the artists in the family.
"These have foul odors but the colors are nice to look at. A few sticks have rolled out from their slots, causing some displacement on an other-wise neat package. I personally prefer to use soft pastels because those are easier to blend colors. With time, I hope I can learn oil pastel technique, but for now they are really time-consuming to color with! I am not liking the tortillons that I have to use with these sticks."
I AM AN ARTIST WHO USES MULTIMEDIA-INCLUDING PASTELS.  THIS PRODUCT IS EXCELLENT!!
works great
Great kit for your budding artist. I like that there are lots of colors that the kids can blend together. Definitely not meant for a professional
"These oil pastels are very thin, but are quite pigmented. It's not too difficult to layer the color on top of each other, and has a nice selection of colors (I bought the 50 color set one)."
i love it
easy to work with and quite smooth.
Great quality.
Awesome buy!
Love oil pastels ! And love this brand I wish it came with 2 blacks though
"Great for classroom sets - ordered 8 sets for my 30 students, they love them!  Try using them in conjunction with watercolor."
Very good
cool
Very nice. Thanks.
"I love these ill probably end up
Getting them again it's really good for beginners. I just started with pastel oils and I love it more than water color pencils."
Splendid product
Nice starter set. Great selection of colors.
"Great value, and great quality. Fast shipping"
a
These were horrible!!! They are not pastels they are cheap crayons. Don't waste your money. Not even close to pastels and they don't even blend whatsoever. These are crap
My 10-year-old loves these and makes beautiful drawings.
"Good value - I got the 50 color set and very pleased with the color palette. The sticks are a bit waxy which results in some flaking. However, I recommend to use a smoothing stick and a little oil - I use olive, coconut or even sesame (which probably tints the outcome) but coconut or linseed oil work well - with careful blending to avoid smudging, one can make these last; and 50 colors allows for a wide range of options making these a good value."
good set for a kid or a mild hobbyist
Love!!  Plus excellent price!!!
pleased
"Smooth delicious creamy application, gorgeous color, and great price!"
Such a good deal these guys do u a solid most glorious
"Great product, great price and fast shipping"
Amaaazing :)))))) <3
love the color variety and the price. the work beautifully
very cool
Made a great gift
"This is worth the buy. I cant even begin to say how great this was considering that pastels are usually expensive and sometimes the results are not that great, however this was worth the buy. definitely coming back when these run out."
good product
Great quality oil pastels with lots of colors!
Great for my kids classroom.  Needed a bigger set and these worked perfectly.
I've created so many great pictures with these. High quality and great storage package
"Very nice, they have a"
"Got this for my niece, she enjoyed them very much."
these were perfect for my artist daughter
Exactly what I expected fine quality
No better product for the price. Great for beginner amateurs like myself.
"great price, great quality"
a lot of fun for my girls
Good package of colors for the money. Little cheap but solid overall.
"Great set, great price!"
The pastels are great. Just make sure to buy extra white pastels because you'll end up running short on white very quickly
Trying out new oil pastels for my new-found hobby. These are not bad at all for the price. I used a bright paper for the painting I did with these.
"I was giving this to my friend as a gift and he loved it! At first I was worried the pastels would break or chip, but they were safe and snug in their package. The box comes pre-wrapped in cellophane, and nothing was out of place. Shipping was fast, too!"
"This is an awesome collection of pastels!  Lots of colors for the price, and since I typically use them just for highlighting and embellishing other pictures, the smaller size of the crayons is perfect.  Great quality too."
"The pastels were not secured well inside the packaging/shrink wrap. When I opened the shipping package and removed the box of pastels, it was bulging from the pastels coming out of their respective slots and grouping together above the tray. Needless to say, the brand new, clean pastels I expected were not what I received. The pastels were rubbed together, and the colors were not clean. There was black, red, and other noticeable colors all over the white, and the rest of the colors were the same. They were all rubbed together and the colors were all mixed. I wasn't very happy with the product when I received it."
Bought this for my daughter.  She says it's perfect!
I got these for a friend. She loves drawing with pastels. She loves them and continues to ask for more.
Excellent
smooth
Brilliant colors which apply smoothly.
"I was amazed by this deal. This was cheaper than the pack of 48 I got at the art shop. I was concerned about quality, but was not disappointed with these. I wouldnt let my children use mine, but with such a great deal they have their own box now!"
A++++
Works as advertised.  Be sure to give ample time for the glue strips to adhere (one day).  I placed it in our bathroom so that my granddaughter can watch her movies while bathing.
Work great
the pastels break easily.
"My daughter adores this set of oil pastels. Pentel Arts pastels always have loads of pigment and a smooth, blendable feel."
"Good quality colors, great for the price ($6)"
Very happy with these!! Just what I was looking for!! =)
Great price and fast delivery love it.
The kids loved them - are learning and their teacher was impressed.
Lots of colors. Really just a crayon
"Blends okay, I am anxious to try it out on a new painting"
Daughter loves them!
Nice & cheap too
Great set for the price
Great price
I love it.
Simple oil pastels
The kids have loved this set.  As a non-prescribed usage my children have discovered they can be used to add hair highlights that wash out after a couple of showers.
Daughter loves them! shipped fast!
Wonderful set! Perfect gift for any young artist! Highly recommend!
Bought these for my 8 year old niece who is a budding artist.  She loves them!
Great gift for my nephew and would TOTALLY buy again. Great reaction when I wrapped the package so he'd rip into it just right.
Nice bold colors with smooth application.
Happy with purchase
"it's size is small , I expected...."
Great variety
Nice product.
"Very pleased, colors bright, blend well, crayons are sturdy......"
my kids and I love these!! best purchase for art enthusiast kids!
"Nice set, and blends great."
"I got these for my daughter who is a budding young artist.  She uses them often and loves them.  They are great quality for the price! None have broken,  and my daughter has been known to be a little hard on things.  They don't break easily and the colors are rich and beautiful.  Makes me wish I were a better artist so I could use them too!"
She loves them!
They were all over the box.. Must've moved during shipment
my grand daughter loved the colors but thinks they'll wear down quick
Its Worth the purchase! Gives you all 50 and comes in a good amount of time!
My son likes it.
Arrived as expected. A gift.
"I am a beginner and was told by friends who are better artists than me that Pentel Oil Pastels are a good quality set of pastels. I am glad I listened. I love the rich vibrant colors and makes me feel free to experiment freely as the cost is affordable. I also found out Pentel is a reputable company in Japan with global operations including the USA and Thailand.

I have the set with fifty pastels and for me this is plenty of colors to choose from. They are soft, so use with gentle strokes and it might break if you treat them hard. I attached a small pastel drawing I did with this set - yes I am just a beginner so it is not much but it shows you the colors of this pastel. Thanks for reading my review!"
I go these because I wanted a large color palette to add to some of my more expensive pastels. It's got a great cross section of colors for the price.
what I expected..
Has beautiful range of colors and promotes creative design in children.
Nice for beginner or as fill end
Fantastic price for a high quality set. I bought a second set after receiving the first.
HUGE set. Much bigger than expected!
exactly what i expect in oil pastels not pastels labeled and then are just crayons .. i will be buying these again when i use all these up .. i love how smooth they work with the pastel paper i bout and ease of use is just lovely ..
Great product !
Very good and useful for children. My goddaughter loves it.
Smooth and creamy! Blend so simply and the color pallet terrific! Pentel is a great Brand!
Love these! Very good for art!
"nice colors, w/ some odd odor though."
"These pastels aren't the best but neither am I as an artist. I got this set to help me learn the basics so that I won't waste more expensive material later on.

From using these while trying to learn from videos, I have noticed that this set of pastels has paper around each color unlike others I seen in other peoples' boxes. I took the paper off each one I used so that I could do a side sweeping motion and noticed when I switch back into holding it like a pencil, you will get it on your hands. That's fine pastels are messy,

They blend easy with your finger however there is a limit for blending, too much you will need to try and take off with your blending stump. I suspect you won't need to do this if you apply a fixative and plan for that attentional color.

My pastels arrived quickly and double plastic covered, so none of mine fell out or touched each other.

While they do use quickly, you have the option of ordering more for a cheaper price or trying a higher price brand if you wish. This set won't make you go broke and will truly blend."
a+
"Awesome!  My third graders LOVED using them for their art project.  Blended nicely.  All pastels arrived in the correct slot, no broken pastels.  Great deal for the money!  Wish they had chalk pastels like this I would buy them too!"
"I just got it and the colors are very nice! For 50 of them for only $6 is probably the best deal (for this quality) I have found. The day before I saw these, I went to a local art store (Jerry's Artarama) and oil pastels were too expensive. I am also a beginner so I wasn't going to spend $50 on only a 25 set. So I am super happy I found these :]]] Just look at some of the colors!"
nice pastels.
This is an excellent deal for new and old artists alike. I got these for my son for college projects.
"Good product, I like it."
"I'm new to oil pastels and saw this deal. Got the 50pc. set for $4.50 after the $1.00 coupon amazon provided. Haven't tried them out yet but they look good. Only thing that is a small problem, listing says 50 ""color set"". The one I received is a 50 pc set, 49 color."
"These are surprisingly good!!!!  I bought them as an add-on thinking they are only $6 so why not try them out.  I am so glad I did.  If you are looking to get started or just want some cheap oil pastels to practice with, try these.  Very smooth and soft.  I just bought two more boxes to have extras."
"Not what I expected, but I still have other media to try it on to see if it delivers as advertised."
Great for my classroom
very big variety  on colors
This are nice quality and fun to use as part of mixed media art
My grand-daughter loves them...
These were phenomenal!! I was able to mix some of these without getting everything smudged and dirty and the colors blended quite well. I will definitely be buying these again :)
great!
"very nice set of oil pastels, my granddaughters will love them"
good
Everything good.
Work perfect!
Christmas gift I know my daughter enjoys it
"I rarely use Oil Pastels, but these days juggling so many things together.. my magic hours with my art have dwindled to minutes! Oil pastels were the most convenient for my new schedule till Christmas.. and the quality of these pastels plus the number of shades make my minutes meditative and magical! I love them!!!"
Very hard to blend.  I plan to give these to my grandchildren to use with their crayons.
"Good quality, very worthy it, color is bright and easy to draw"
Its useful.
Excelent
Beautiful set of colors.
Sweet starter set for anyone from beginner to expert looking to dabble in oil pastels.
good.
"Love, love, love, love !!!, lots of fun !!!"
Good choice!
good price for good quality
My girls used these for hours yesterday and they have created beautiful masterpieces to hang throughout the house.  These pastels were a very good value and I forsee much use and creativity coming from them.
"I and the child like these pieces of chalk, they moderately bright, colors natural, drawings turn out perfectly."
ok
"I have used Pentel oil pastels many times, they are small, work with thinner  and have good color strength, my oldest oil pastel paintings are about 10 years old, and they have held up well. I use these all over the painting if I need the color, but I use Cray Pas and Sennlier to finish up. Truthfully I am as pleased with this brand as any other- I only wish they made a pack like this with twice as many colors, or specifically for: i.e. portraits, landscapes, whatever; like the soft pastel brands used to box colors. That would be 5 stars for sure. Below I posted a picture of a painting I did using this brand various other really cheap oil pastels and the Cray Pas and a few Sennlier. The painting is about tne years old started at a life drawing class and finished in my studio,"
"Came fast, no damages and the colors are cuter."
Cheap... but fitting of the price you paid.
Very cool and very nice price. I am a beginner with oil pastels but they are very easy to work with. I recommend.
"I love the Pentel oil pastels, they have great vivid color and if you are a lover of prisms colors you will love these for quality and price!"
I am not an artist but love to dabble.  These work well for me.
"These worked great for art class. I'm a teacher and I have several grades (K-8) and these are a decent quality. I did NOT like how quickly they got used up and how easily they broke as the students used them. They blend well, but they become very messy. Extra clean up time had to be given so some (if not most) students could wash their hands. For the price, they were worth it and have managed to last long enough."
Great set!
Great. many colors and easy to apply.
"Great set, amazing quality, would recommend."
I bought these for my daughter who is 7 years old and loves art. We use these a lot and really love them! They blend so smoothly and the colors are rich and vibrant. You can't beat 50 oil pastels for under $7! There is a wide variety of colors in the set and two whites. They are also easy to wash off your hands.
Really nice set for a very good price.
great product!
These are fine oil pastels for the price.
Good product for touch up on pastel paintings
My daughter loves these. Work great :)
Awesome :)
Don't buy these . They're like crayons
IT WAS A GREAT PRICE~
Everything is great! i love it!
daughter loves it
nice
don't use them as much as pencils and paint but I like them
"This is a very nice set of pastels and a very good value. I bought them for a client of mine who is elderly. We do memory and relaxation exercises together to help keep her brain healthy and she's found them to be very easy to use. There is a great array of colors, and nice packaging. I think they'd be easy to use for any age, young or old. Definitely a good value if you're looking for affordable pastels."
Good stuff.
"Melted them all and put them in my mouth. Looks great actually, haven't used it yet. I just like randomly buying stuff like this and then getting excited when it comes in the mail."
Bought as a gift for my 13 year old niece!
Bright and great to draw with. Got them for my 6yr old.
Great price!  Good product
The colors are great but when it came it was a mess. Pastels weren't where they needed to be. Some were even broken. But all in all im still happy
"Oil pastels excellent for blending unlike non-oil pastels. Whenever I'm a few dollar short of the minimum required for free shipping, I buy art supplies for my granddaughters. These are very, very nice, and very inexpensive."
"These pastels are good value for money. I bought these for my kids, and they enjoy using them. The colors are good and blend well."
Nice colors
The daughter likes to draw them. I will take still.
Did a wall mural on deployment with these and it was the first time I've worked with pastels.  Overall it came out great for my first time use and the mural was rich in depth and color.
Great assortment. Get a sharpener too.
Very nice
Awesome colors and quality.  Easy to work with.  Good choice!!!
Package came sealed but missing a yellow.
It came with 1 pastel missing!
Good product
Great product for an excellent price. I got this for  about $5.00. Arrived in good condition. Very happy with this purchase.
I have painted with them on canvas. they looks like very good.
"Wonderful oil pastels! I am a die-hard acrylic painter but wanted to try something different for a bit and since I've always enjoyed sketching, I bought this set.  They are exactly what you would want; they're easy to smudge and honestly, I don't know if I'm creating masterpieces, but I'm having a really good time with them."
Great value for beginners.
i need to look for more but i think not just pastels but acrlics
Gift receiver loved it
"These are not highest quality art materials, true.  However they are fun in a box and are an outstanding bargain.
I have a lot of very expensive soft and oil pastels which I love and use regularly.  Still, there is something about these ""carefree"" little sticks that allows me to draw and paint in a fearless, easy manner that is quite pleasant.  Especially on moderately priced paper that I would never use on a ""serious"" work.  Not for everyone, and not for a commissioned work with high expectations, but you really ought to try them. In fact do yourself a favor and buy more than one as you will probably run out of white and/or black quickly, (they are small sticks)."
"these are GREAT pigmented pastels for a beginner to a average artist, they blend well and were so cheap. LOVE them"
"Interesting, but I need more information on how to use these."
Great oil pastels!
"good price, fast shipping, like it"
The kids enjoyed these. Be sure to give your kids a baby wipe or damp rag to wipe their fingers off with.
"Great value, really nice vibrant colors. Worked great as a class set. Price cannot be beat!"
nice starter set. can't complain.
Good item
My kids (8 and 10) love these.  They are less expensive than other brands out there.
"Great oil pastels, will buy it again in the future."
Always happy when I find a great priced art gift for kids. They loved it!
Good
"These are a great addition to our homeschool art supplies. Great price, for quality pastels."
"Quality, Economical, Instant Shipping~!  AAA+++"
Good price
good
;-)
"Of all the presents I gave our granddaughter for her birthday THIS is the favorite.  She was awed by the assortment of colors!  Yup, at only 7 craypas is her favorite medium!"
This was a terrific buy. I used oil pastels for the first time with this set.
My 4 year old daughter looooves it
Great product.
"Awesome quality, beautiful colors! I want to buy more!!! I love korean made but this is even better. Love it!"
These have been great for our watercolor pastel pictures. My 7 and 10 year old love the variety of colors and learning how to use pastels in their art projects. Have lasted us very well since Christmas and it is now June. Very happy with this product.
"Great, reasonably priced oil pastel set. Offers plenty of colors. Quick delivery, no complaints at all. Would buy again. Yep."
"I brought three sets of these for elementary and middle school age kids. They all enjoyed it, especially with 50 colors. Excellent for beginners."
"I bought these and I thought they would be bigger, but they're tiny, I mean uncomfortably tiny and they didn't meet my expectations to say the least. Its a decent starter kit for beginners but I wouldn't recommend it for someone who is serious about art."
"We were recently introduced to oil pastels in art camp with my son. Had to come home and order these.i enjoying ""coloring"" with my toddler as much as he does. Great selection of colors at a very reasonable price."
"I bought these and gave them to my mother for her birthday, and she seems to like them very much."
these are awesome. i woudl highly recommend them.  i share them with my 12 year old daughter. the colors are vibrant and smooth.
"i got this to add it to my box of art supplies, never let me down and i never regretted the purchase"
"Love these oil pastels, they work great and they are very smooth and do not break at all. These are the best."
"The mechandise was very good , they are high quality for their inexpensive price,  brillant colors and more resistant to the effects of humidity"
I bought this set long time ago but never got to use it. I think it will work well and give beautiful colors to my pictures.
Sent as a gift to my 89 year old mother who will use them while recovering from an illness.  She loves them.
Nothing much to say except that you get a lot of product for a great price. Would definitely buy again (but won't have to any time soon due to how many come in the package :)
Great colours
"Save your $ or buy another brand.  This little box had lots of colors in very small sticks.  They go down on the paper smoothly but won't blend out with a water brush, finger, paper stump or wet wipe.  Was a waste of my $ and my time in making a swatch sheet because they won't blend out."
very nice for the price i love pastels and 50 of them come in handy for shading buy this product
"I've been comparing a number of brands of oil pastels, including the high-end Senneliers.  These are my favorites because they go on so evenly and because the colors are so bright and cheerful.  I'm ordering more sets because I'm going to be doing some color experiments and these are the pastels I'm going to use."
"After reading some of the other reviews, I was worried these wouldn't be any good. Some people said they were just crayons, weren't blendable, were just for kids, or were too small. I think those people must have been expecting chalk pastels, because these are exactly what I expect oil pastels to be. If you're a professional artist, I'm sure you'll want to get some fancier ones, but I just wanted them for fun. I got the 50-color set, and I'm really pleased with the quality and the range of colors, especially for the price. I'm really happy with them."
I was quite surprised when I got my box of oil pastels a few days after placing the order... Not one broken!  My students were as excited as I was when they saw them.
Bought this for an artsy person. The loved it alot and got a lot of use out of those pastels. They worked great.
I love these pastels. They are my favorite thing to paint with. I've had a lot of success working with these. They take forever to dry but it's worth it.
"I would buy again & again. Love all the colors, so many to choose from I love them all.. must buy"
"Worth the money.  They look very nice in use (I don't use them, my daughter does).  Worth the money I spent on them."
"If you want true, high quality pastels, don't buy these. I used better ones in middle school, maybe even elementary. They're basically crayons that smear. Very dry."
These were exactly what I wanted. They are just like any other oil pastels yet have many amazing colors that you do not see everyday. Thank you
there are a lot of color in the box to chose from and they fit good in my hands and there is a smooth finish when you apply them to the paper
"I cannot review these materials because they are of the kind that suit me for fairly usage for drawing.  There are better quality than these, but so are they too expensive for my use, therefor I value those supplied very highly. Thank you."
Bought these for a birthday party and it went fabulous. Kids from 1-16 years old used them and had a great time creating mini canvas paintings:)
They are as they descripted them. Yes we would recommend them to others and there cost was very good. Thanks
This is a great set of pastels for a beginner artist.  All the necessary colors are included in this set so a great variety of drawings could be made.
"If you are new to your classroom, or you are like me (an art teacher) and really need to get some bulk supplies while waiting for your supply order to come in, this is great. It does go fast, but it's still great to have around."
I work at an after school program for elementary school children. We needed oil pastels for some of our art projects. I was happy with the price of this 36 color set. I ordered 2 sets. They came quickly and are now being put to good use.
"this is a great set for beginners with oil painting,and children.it is way less messy than actual oil paint which can ruin clothing. these are pretty good quality too."
"These oil,pastels are fantastic! My kids love  to draw with them and the quality is fantastic as well  Would recommend highly"
"Great colors, great texture, really fun to work with and a great price all wrapped up into one. Loved it."
Great product. Love to draw with them. They were delivered fast and the product was exactly as described on the website. I would recommend it to anyone that likes drawing.
"I have only tried my pastels once and since the covering on the canvus was poor, I feel that I am using them wrong.  I'll look on the internet on how to use oil pastels and follow their directions before I judge them.  However, the price was very reasonable and they did arrive on time  E. Loluise Culler"
My daughter was so excited when she got theses. It's a great assortment of vibrant colors and works great on canvas.
I am just trying this media out.  The white is not opague.  This is all new to me.  I hope to get better.
"I bougth this and expressionist from sakura (more expensive than this), and this are so much better for far.

the quality of colors are amazing, so oily, soft and brigther. they have the perfect swatches.
But you need to know they have small size like student pastels, but for this price, who cares?"
"I gave these to my daughter for Christmas. She has enjoyed them very much. She loves art and does a lot of sketching. The oils help to give her art some color and depth. She is still experimenting, but the quality is good enough that she has not complaints, thus far. I like the brand myself and that is why purchased them for her. She is the true test though, because my use of them has always been with ceramics, which I like."
I did not read the print loads of pastels. Will last for a very long time as I did not realize this is a classroom set. Good quality.
Nice quality item. Bought for teen kid. She like it and price is great. great buy get it now .
"I love using pastels for my art, they make my art look way better and they have so many colors available"
I had a small pack of these that I can no longer find.  My replacements arrived in good condition and that made me happier than I was 5 minutes before I collected and opened the package.
works fantastic!!!! I've had then fit about 4 months and still work perfect love them and great for its cheap price
Great colors. I like this set a lot. Easy to use brilliant colors. Great size. They blend very very well
"Bought these for my daughter, they are easy to use, the colors are super vibrant, the price is great and they are great quality!"
Daughter loves it she always wanted a larger set then she already has! Great price and fast shipping how can you go wrong
"Excellent, very pretty and a super price, has good design and good presentation. just to get the photo and that said parameters on page

very good"
Nice set with lots of shades and rich pigments. The crayons are soft and vibrant and easy to use. Does leave a stain on hands and smudges easily :(
"I love to paint with oils and acrylics, sketch, create colored pencil drawings, so I figured I'd give oil pastels a try. Since I'm not experienced with oil pastels, I can't say whether this brand is better or worse than any other brand. I can say that these did not come out like I was hoping, and I tried several techniques. After watching videos of other artists using these, I just don't see how they get the impressive works of art because I felt hopeless with these. The colors were blotchy and didn't come out smoothly. If it's because I did something wrong, I'm sorry for the 2 star review but I just didn't like these..."
"These do blend, but not very well. They're cheap and I'd say worth it for a beginner's art project. Definitely not for professionals, but I used them for my teenage students and they had no complaints."
I was writing in The Creative Journal using these and they are so beautiful.  I couldn't ask for a better art utensil.
These oil pastels are great!  I didn't realize how much the whole family was going to enjoy using these to create art.
"Easy to use, good result. Pretty colors, doesn't disappoint. I would buy this set again. We also layer the colors and it looks good."
"I had a smaller set of pastels and love the effects I was getting with them, so quickly realized that I needed more colors.  I always need more colors, I'm a junkie <sigh>.

This is a great set of basic oil pastels.  I'm sure that they don't come close to comparing to Caran D'Ache Neocolor i sets, or Sennelier's (sp?), but don't count them out because of that.low price.  These give a nice effect for the money and are not just for kids."
These were given to my daughter for Christmas. She is a budding artist and was thrilled with the oil pastels. They were fairly priced and a good value. They do not make her hands all messy like some of the other brands that we have tried. We will likely purchase these again when she is ready for another set.
We ordered this as a Christmas present and it came very quickly. It's a nice size with lots of colors to choose from.
"Great color, fun to work with, so says my son (the artist).  I may post pictures later of his work with these pastels."
My daughter loves these! This was our second purchase of this product and I know that there will be several more in the future.
"These are very professional looking oil pastels, ready to be used and can't wait for my people to open them and use it!"
Every art school I work at uses this brand. The students love them. High quality oil pastels. Very fun medium to practice blending.
"I haven't done pastel work since middle school.  I usually do pencil or marker drawings just for fun and wanted a different look to a christmas present for a family member.  My drawing turned out wonderful.  Glad I bought 'em and I recommend these.  Decent price, too.."
"Very nice product I bought the wrong pastels for school. This is oil pastels I needed chalk pastels, but since my daughter is an artist I gave it to her and she loves it."
My girls' school has these for art class and they loved it so much they wanted it for a holiday present.  They make beautiful drawings and it is more special than using regular crayons.  Good quality and value.
"If you know how to use pastels, these will turn out to be professional quality. Best used on watercolor paper for texture and to keep the oils from smudging. Used these my AP year of art and got quite a few awards and went to nationals thanks to these!"
"These are EXCELLENT. I got them as a gift for my mother, who is an amateur artist and loves to use colored pencils, ink pens, and charcoals. She had never used pastels but I thought that she would like them, since she draws a lot of flowers and shades and smudges them, and I felt that pastels would kind of lend themselves to that.

This was an absolute bargain and I'm so pleased with this purchase. When my mom unwrapped this set, the first thing she did was say, ""Ohhh, this must have been so EXPENSIVE,"" in that way that moms use when they want to scold their kids for spending too much money on them even though they really like the gift.

I allayed her fears (seriously, these were a total steal and I'd have paid more for them than what they cost), and she immediately started using them to draw stargazer lilies. She loves them. This is a huge set - 50 pastels! - and there are so many different colors, and she spent all weekend playing around with them and just loved them.

I totally recommend these for any amateur artist in your family, big or small. Obviously, smaller children will need supervision, but these are a terrific bargain and great quality."
My 6-year-old son refused to use crayons anymore once he got exposed to the rich colors of the oil pastels.  He is so happy with the variety of color of this set.  The per pastel price is the most reasonable compares to the other counts.
"Very good oil pastels for the price, it does the job, with bright colors like some of the very expensive ones,"
my daughter loves this Pentel Arts Oil Pastels kit..  I would 100% purchase again.. we are very pleased with it..
"It's a great set, just as described! I would recommend this item. It's a bargain at this price. Nice deal."
Not what I expected.  There are better options on Amazon with better quality than these pastels.  There are better options for the price as well.  This was highly overpriced.  Cheap.
"These pastels are very well made and provide a wide array of colors. My daughter loved this product and has made many ""masterpieces"" using it."
Good quality for the price. Perfect for young students. Clean up with hand wipes. Nice color selection. Not professional but affordable and fun.
Everyone that tries them loves them. It has given us birthday and Christmas ideas for more children now. Neat to experiment with
This was purchased for the Art Masterpiece program newly formed in my son's school. Product worked just as advertised. Thank you so much!
If you are into art this set of pastels will keep you going for a long time.  My daughter is very pleased with this product.
My 10 year old daughter loves these! She has made beautiful pictures. The quality is very nice for a budding artist.
just like the quality i have been looking for. great product! fast delivery. these pastels blends well with oil. i was able to make nice paintings.
"for the money. These are OK pastels, there is a wide variety of colors, and I would say go for it if you're a beginner or looking to experiment with pastels.  They are rather small and hard to blend but overall the quality is OK."
Great color assortment. I'm not an artist and wanted these to use for a special project. They worked great. I'm very pleased with this.
"I myself had no use for this item.
I bought this product for someone else . She is a great artist. She loved them!"
Price is good but the color comes out not that smooth and the color is not oil enough I will prefer another brand rather than this brand
Works great for all of the homeschool projects I have in store for my kids. I would definitely recommend this.
Nothing against these colors but I was looking for soft pastels and I ordered these by mistake. It was hard for me to draw a figure cleanly since they are oil based.
"These were a bit smaller than I expected them to be, but that's no big deal. They blend well, and there is a very nice selection of colors. I'll definitely be purchasing another pack when these run out. Great deal for the price."
I bought these oil pastels for my 9 year old daughter. She loves art and told me she needed these to create a picture she wanted to draw.  So I went on Amazon and found this set. The quality and price is great.  My daughter created a beautiful masterpiece with this set. The colors are bright and creamy.  I am very please with the purchase.
This is one good buy. The set has a variety of vibrant colors. No two colors are the same. There are about 3 to 4 different shades for each basic color. Writes smooth. Compares well with many of the expensive sets.
"My granddaughter chose this product because she needed them for her school project.  She likes them because
there are a variety of colors that she can use when she draws.  She recommend this product to all her friends at
school, hoping they will purchase it.  By the way.  My granddaughter got a ""A+"" on her school project.  I am very
proud of her."
These art pastels aren't real pastels but they do work nicely and make good art  I do recconend these art pastels
"very nice set, love to work with these, pretty legit and nice set up. a lot of colors, and  a lot of one, just what i need"
"I used These in my High School Drawing and my Painting class last year, in drawing we used them to do an object drawing, I used them to draw a teddy bear and I had quite a bit of trouble getting a realistic fur texture, but that is my own fault. these are not meant for super detailed work but over all they performed well. In my painting class we used Baby Oil and a pint brush to help blend them, which I highly recommend as it improves their performance a tenfold. finally, if you order these, which if you want cheap pastels I highly recommend these, but get the 36 or 50 color set. we used the 16 set at school, and there wasn't a true purple. there was a slightly purple indigo and a light pink, but really no purple. you can mix a purple but it takes alot of time and baby oil, plus it eats your pastels. that's why I gave it a 3 instead of a 4."
Draws and blends so smoothly! Fantastic price for a quality set. My daughter has been using these and has been having so much fun with them.
I am just learning how to use oil pastels.  I am enjoying using them.  My husband is an artist which helps me a lot.
"These are by far the smallest pastels I've ever owned.
After 15 minutes of using the pastels 6 were broken in half.
Spend you money on a better product"
10 YR OLD NIECE LOVES IT! THE COLORS ARE GREAT AND EASY TO USE! PERFECT GIFT FOR ANY BEGINNER ARTIST!
"Beautiful colors and kids like to draw with them.
After kids play, easy to wash out or erase not giving me hard time on clean up.
Great price with 50 color set."
"Pentel is known for their writing and artists products.  The variety of colors and blending abilities gives you unlimited possibilities.

You cannot go wrong with this product or price."
I pay the same price as I used to pay at Hobby Lobby when they had them.  I like the free shipping when I buy in bulk.
I bought this set for my daughter who is drawing a monochromatic picture and needed more shade choices for her picture. This set of pastels is really nice for a beginner who wants to learn more about pastels and shades. I would definitely recommend buying this set.
"I rated this product 3 stars because the oil pastels are okay for a beginner who is just looking to experiment with oil pastels. I had a while without using oil pastels, but I've been lucky enough to hold a good one! lol Which means I know the difference between a good & a bad one! This product is in between or a little lower. I found that you need to layer them in order to get a smooth blend. Without layering, this product is just a grade or 2 higher than a crayola. With that said, I used up all the white trying to layer & had to purchase a box of 12 whites only! Since seeing how quick my whites were going, I decided to try another way to save some money, so I tried Vaseline with the pastels, just to see how they would blend! It ended up being a bit messy, but I was able to smooth it out with my finger, something that would be close to impossible with the oil pastel alone!
I would buy again just because they're so cheap! In my opinion, out of the cheap ones, I think this is the best one... So there you have it! My take on this product! :) Happy drawing!"
This was bought as a gift for my grand daughter. She really liked the paints and has enjoyed using the set.
"Wow, what a bargain - saw a smaller set somewhere else for double the price!  So many colors in this set and working with the oil pastels is so much fun!!"
"These are good for the beginner, and/or middle aged children (elementary-middle). However I wouldn't recommend them for someone more advanced. Nice selection of colors, and they do blend nicely. If your looking for a good beginner set this is it!"
"Always really great to work with. Definitely a great quality of pastels. I recommend them highly for anyone using them for their own art, or doing art with children."
"Amazing quality. blends easily with other colors. Beautiful colors. it does stain clothes and is hard to take out, worth it"
"Had an excellent experience with these oil pastels. My art work really flowed. I really enjoyed the ""feel"" of these oil pastels. They are easy to work with and the 50 color set that I purchased has an excellent selection of colors.  Easy to blend/change colors when needed. I look forward to using these for many projects to come!"
They were  much smaller than I thought they would be.  They looked larger in your pictures.  Maybe be more specific about the size of each pastel.
At our center the children and teens love when we use oil pastels for art projects. The ability to change the intensity of the color is by far their favorite. The container makes it easy to clean up after the art is done!
"Easy to use product good variety of colors excellent for blending. Can be used on paper or canvas using a shoe brush for
blending shadows."
"If you're interested in using oil pastels, this is nice set to start out with! Lots of colors to choose from, and you can blend them to make more colors. If you've only used hard pastels, be prepared to feel a difference when you try to blend them. Oil pastels don't blend as easily imo, but these Pentel Arts oil pastels are still very nice! Very affordable and they smell good, haha."
"Bought this for my kids so they can use for their school project. But then realized they might be too young to use oil pastels.
The choices of color is great but I think it best suits middle/high school students."
"This is the second time I've worked with Oil Pastels and the first time I did they blended easily. However, with these I felt like I was fighting for them to spread. However, I am using a water-color based paper so it could be the thickness that's keeping it from spreading as easy. However, other than that they are wonderful. The colors are nice, it shipped fast and the price is great for how many you get."
They came in great condition and I am loving using them! I would order more art supplies when I have the chance!
I wasn't sure about oil pastels. One of the ladies in my art class suggested this brand for beginners or people on a budget. I really liked the ease of working with these. I recommend highly
"Excellent product. My students are really enjoying them. Once they are opened, though, they must be stored and transported flat or all of the colours will mix. The box lid is not enough to keep everything in place...found out the hard way."
"If you are on a budget, Pentel Pastels are the best you can get for the price.  Rich color, blendable and vibrant.  Great for beginners to experts.  Safe for kids.  Get your finger into it and blend the colors for a rich payoff."
Used this as a reward to a student who excelled in art and designed my classroom door window insert.  Socail Studies teacher and design is related to history.
"Bought this for our daughter's birthday and SHE LOVE'S Them!!! Wide range of colors, for blending and shading! Now we just have to go buy more paper!"
I bought this for my son. He loves art and this really rocks his excitement. Very affordable and has 50 color selections.
Came faster than I expected and works well. No complaints here. Will be ordering this product again when ever i run out
"These are great!  The color so bold, just wish there was purple.  I should have  gotten them at the beginning of the school year.  They will last a while."
I actually gave it as a gift to a friend and they just love the Pastels oils and would order again.
"The young lady I purchased this for said she liked it very much and was very happy with the different colors and the
quality of the pastels.
I would order from this company agian as the shipping was right on time - and arrived in good shape."
These pastels are awesome. They color wonderfully. Are in a variety of colors and they stand out on the paper.
this is a perfect box of pastels. I bought them for a 9 year old who is taking art lessons and tey were perfect.
Completes my art supplies and expands my capabilities. Why are a certain number of words required? I don't understand this.
"Ordered these for a class project. The colors were great, my students loved them! Glad I made the purchase, it was just what I was looking for and a great price!"
"This set was a wonderful gift for my daughter. The colors pop out on paper, awesome set!  My daughter loved it!"
"exactly what I expected to be.
Great Color, My Kids Love to use them and make lovely drawing.
I recommended it"
"There are LOTS of colors. The picture makes the pastels look bigger, they aren't that big, but a good size for a good price!"
"lots of colors and lots of product for the price, Micheal's , eat your heart out!  our artist loved it"
"does the jobs it supposed to, they run down very quickly but they blend very well so i kept them"
Even the grand children are enjoying the pastels as well as the older generation drafting kids.  You should see the new artist in the family.
Pastels are nice and smooth and the colors are vivid.  Also a nice variety of hues.  A decent set for the price.
My daughter loves using these oil pastels. She likes the thickness of the pastel and the vibrancy of the colors.
"Probably these oil pastels are up to par when it comes to the type of medium they are. However I'm going to write a negative review simply because I was on the hunt for a different type of product when I ordered these. I had used Rembrandt pastels in my art class (top of the line premium pastels) and was looking for an inexpensive alternative medium which would blend in the same sort of manner. Oil pastels simply do not blend, and that is incredibly frustrating if you're trying to make smooth transitions in your art piece in order to create a real sense of physical depth.

After trying a couple of different options, including these oil pastels, I discovered the&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Alphacolor-pastels/dp/B0019IMXO8/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Alphacolor pastels</a>. The Alphacolor ones are a chalk pastel, which is easy to work with and which blends well, even though the color is quite light. This is good if you're trying to make a human face or a landscape scene look radiant, but they may be inappropriate for many uses."
"I ordered these on a whim, and boy I'm glad I did. I love the selection- there is a great choice of hues & the values are very saturated with pigment. The colors are so rich. I like to experiment with using colored pencil and pens with this media to get the sharp little details and change up the textures."
Great smooth colors at a good price.  My daughter loves them and will barely put them down to sleep!  Good buy.
"It came in good time, and good condition. I bought these originally for hair chalk and they were a bit smaller then I suspected. But the color's are bright and there is plenty and the price was nice, I have not used it on my hair yet, But will update when I do."
This was a gift for my granddaughter who is just starting out. It is excellent quaility and a good choice for her tool set.
Picked this up as a gift. Easy to use and perfect for that special art lover. Would definitely buy again.
I am just beginning to paint with oils.  These are wonderful beginners colors. When I get my basics in order I can add more colors.  Thank you.
"I bought this for my daughter for a Christmas present.  She loves oil pastels and this is a great deal, a lot of colors and multiples of each color.  She loves it!"
We all love it and we're having so much fun! It's a great deal too for the quality and quantity!
i like these. i haven't used pastels in yrs so i couldn't decide which grade to get. i probably should have gotten a higher quality but these will definitely do while i get back into my artsy mode.
"I'm pretty pleased with my purchase. It is a bit smaller than I thought it would be, but the variety almost makes up for that."
"I purchased these for my 12 year old daughter for Christmas 2012. She loved them, they were awesome colors and very vibrant. She started on canvas that day in the afternoon. The variety was very good for the price, about $8."
"These work great from children's drawing to college assignments! Buying my second set! Great, normal size of pastels, not smaller than others, great blending and the value is amazing."
I have never used oil pastels before.  I love the bright colors and the different textures that I can get by rubbing the colors into the paper or lightly coloring on top.  I sold two drawings using this product.
"I loved this set, it's perfectly sized and packaged for travel and the pastels are of a pretty good quality. Would definitely recommend this to art students on the go or for the hobbyist."
"I got these for my 8 year old daughter and I must say, I am very pleased with the quality of the product!  I am an artist, and would consider using them myself!"
"Gifted this to my daughter and she and I are pleased.
 Fifty colors for such a low price. She's a beginner with oil pastels so I don't feel like I wasted my money if she decides she is no longer interested.
Colors are vivid, vibrant and glide smoothly. They do not break when moderate pressure is applied. Definitely a great beginner set or a spare intermediate."
"I'm only going to give 4 stars because unlike what it says on the box these do not work with water. However they do work with vegetable oil,baby oil and my favorite linseed oil and a q tip. This review is for those artists who would like to use them in their journal a professional artist wouldn't buy them. I use sennelier and caran de ache for my professional work. If you want to use these in your journal I suggest heavy paper at least 140lb hot or cold press,q tips and one of the oils above you can also gesso your page if the paper is thin or needs more tooth. These do not blend with a stump or tortillo or a water or oil brush. You can scrape it with a pallete knife with fairly good results and the colors do blend together well once you apply the oil.

You can keep it dark and then blend out with the oil to a lighter hue. They are a good buy for the amount you get and the colors to choose from. I have enjoyed them so far and will buy another set when these run out. As I said be aware that these are for journaling and maybe ATC's and ACEO's rather then large works. I have purchased lots of cheaper products to use in my journaling so if you like the review check back after Christmas and I will be reviewing some more."
MY 8 YEAR OLD  REALLY LOVE TO DRAW AFTER HIS SCHOOL HOMEWORK ARE DONE. THIS PRODUCT REALLY MAKES HIM TO BE VERY CREATIVE  AND ARTISTIC.
"I use this pastel set in the classroom at least 2-4 times a month. The pastels never look used and don't break (so far). Not one has broke yet. They are nice pieces sized about 3 inches each and narrow which is easy for little hands to manipulate. There is plenty of colors to do most every project. The students have learned to blend the pastels so they can make new colors. I will get another set over and over when these run out (if they ever do). So far, I think they will last all year, if not two years. My crayons don't last 6 months!!"
Good product that was worth the mo.ey. Good quality andeaves great impression on the paper. My daughter loved tbis item.
"I rated this product 3 stars because the oil pastels are okay for a beginner who is just looking to experiment with oil pastels. I had a while without using oil pastels, but I've been lucky enough to hold a good one! lol Which means I know the difference between a good & a bad one! This product is in between or a little lower. I found that you need to layer them in order to get a smooth blend. Without layering, this product is just a grade or 2 higher than a crayola. With that said, I used up all the white trying to layer & had to purchase a box of 12 whites only! Since seeing how quick my whites were going, I decided to try another way to save some money, so I tried Vaseline with the pastels, just to see how they would blend! It ended up being a bit messy, but I was able to smooth it out with my finger, something that would be close to impossible with the oil pastel alone!
I would buy again just because they're so cheap! In my opinion, out of the cheap ones, I think this is the best one... So there you have it! My take on this product! :) Happy drawing!"
"I bought this for my daughter who is a school teacher.  Now, though they have many types of crafts, including fine drawing products, this is the one they all love best!!  It was well worth the cost!  Perfect in every way!!!!"
I purchased this as a Christmas gift for my daughter.  The price was great and she loved it.  Lots of color variety!
These oil pastels are very rich colors that are super easy to apply. They work great on my card projects!
"these oil Pastels do blend well and do not pill or smear , the colors are
quite close and are of higher quality than other brands, also there is good value .
Just ordered a set for self , and mom."
"Perfect pastels for beginners. I bought the 50 color set, and it is WONDERFUL. The color blends easily, and the color is very pigmented. The colors are bright and very bold, especially the red. They're also strong too. Accidentally, I stepped on the box and heard a ""CRACK"", but I looked and everything was okay.  On the bonus side, they don't cost that much. The only downside is that they're quite small, but I can stand that, considering I don't use pastels too often."
"This was my first time working with oil pastels. I liked the blending aspect of them, they blended wonderfully. However, it was my first time using this medium so practice makes perfect. Patience n time to master the skill as well."
"I opened the pack and the pastel sticks are really skinny like a pinky toe. The ad is false advertisement. I would be done with 50 pastels by my third picture. I would not consider myself an advance artist, but I have used pastels before and I am actually good with this medium but this brand is very cheap. The colors do not smooth out well, it looks very sketchy."
This is my first time to exercise oil pastels.  colors are very bright and soft.  Great product satisfied my interests.
"Bought these as a gift for my daughter for her birthday. She LOVES them. We had bought a set of limited colors at a local big box store, and her interest in oil pastels had me wanting to expand her color pallet. This set from Amazon was exactly what I wanted-a lot of colors without a huge price tag. While I'm sure a professional artist may want something more expensive, for my daughter the amateur aspiring artist who is experimenting these are great-I purchased two sets!"
"If u like to draw, this is a must have for all artist or non artist. The pastels blend together so nice and u can create differnt colors by blending them together. Drawing will be a nice experience for you if you using these oil pastels."
"The oil pastels are great, just finished all of the colors off. They worked for drawing stuff all over my bedroom wall"
"The set is a great value. If you enjoy art, but are maybe not a pro and don't need professional grade items then this is the set for you. We purchased it for our 15 year old daughter and she loves it. Would recommend."
"These oil pastels are no where near professional quality so don't expect to be using them in a professional setting.

But to be fair I purchased these pastels for recreational use only for my family to use for enjoyment.

The colors don't blend very well but you get a fair amount of varying colors and the price is fair."
I loved all the color choices you get in this box.  The only problem I had it is hard to use in tight spaces when first starting out with this product and it can easily blend into other colors when using a blending stick.  (It is a learning process.)
"They have good pigment colors and blend very good. Very radiants colors. They do smell oily, LOL. I'm a very satisfied. Will do get some more when I'm done with this set."
"I was excited to find some oil pastels for a fairly cheap price.
But they're a little cheaper than what I really wanted.
When I used them they kind of have a ""crayon"" look to them versus a pastel look to them, if you use the white colored pastel to blend than it helps it look a little better.
Good product for people who already know how to use pastels because they'll probably know how to make it look better,
or good product for beginners or little kids who don't really care as much."
I found this to be one of the best brands for pastels. I needed something studio quality without paying studio price.
"Got these for my 5 and 8 year old sons to use in their nature journals. Perfect for kids, not to pricey but a good quality for the price."
"I bought this for my 11 year old who draws all of the time. I wanted to give her something else to work with since she spends so much of her time doing ""Art"" and loves to look at things and just start drawing them. Crayons are great, water colors is/are good, but this gave her something else to learn about and try out. She's had a ball. She's enjoyed them and we all have enjoyed her ""projects""! Plus they last longer than crayons!"
"these oil pastels are vibrant! have been looking for an alternative to wax colors for my kid, and these are perfect. a little messier than wax colors, since they transfer a bit to clothing, but so much better on paper! my daughter absolutely loves them."
"I'm not an art professional, but I enjoy painting and drawing on my own.  For how inexpensive they are, I'm very happy with these pastels.  There's a great variety of colors, including 2 white pastel pieces.  They smudge quite well and are just as good as any pastels I've worked with.  I also appreciate the packaging, as its simple but pretty sturdy and each pastel has an individual place so they don't break."
"Excellent selection of color. The many options make it ideal. Overall, very effecient. Great price for such a vast assortment. I would definitely recommend this product as cost-friendly."
"I bought these for my daughter's boyfriend, an aspiring artist, for Christmas. They arrived perfectly intact, unlike many of the other reviews I read prior to purchasing. My gift recipient hasn't used pastels very often before, so this has greatly opened his creativity."
"I bought there kinds of oil pastel from Amazon to compare them. The other two were&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Sakura-Cray-Pas-Expressionist-Oil-Pastels-50-Pack/dp/B000KIDZ5O/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Sakura Cray-Pas Expressionist Oil Pastels, 50-Pack</a>&nbsp;and&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Loew-Cornell-Oil-Pastels-60-Pack/dp/B003W0HTIQ/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Loew-Cornell Oil Pastels, 60-Pack</a>. These have about half the stick volume of the Cray-Pas have a much better color selection than the Loew-Cornells. I would rank the second of the three sets."
"This made a good present, and the colors are nice. I liked how there were different shades of the same color, really helps. However, if you are planning on using these alot, i'd recommend buying another one, as they may run out quicker than one anticipates."
"I enjoy my sketchbook and pastel kit. I am using it quite often. The pastels work great and provide a broad range of colors. I have been drawing with pastels in both color, black and white, and various one color pictures."
"I was pretty pissed when I got these. When I read a review over 3 years ago, one person had a problem of the pastels spilling over and scratching each other. I thought ""Hey it's been 3 years, will they still make that mistake"" or maybe it was just bad luck. Nope. Problem is with the packaging itself. They WILL spill over when you recieve them and scratch themselves onto each other. This creates flakes and colors to be mixed together on them.

Pretty pissed about this.

Other than that, works what you expect for this price."
"I haven't used oil pastels in years, so I'm not sure about this, but my oil pastels have already decreased about 1 cm in length after coloring a whole sheet of paper (around 8x8 in) the same color. Maybe this is normal, maybe this is better. I can't say. But at this rate, one pastel will be gone after 15 or so artworks. Of course, this depends on how hard you press on the pastel and everything.

The color is absolutely amazing. It's bright and allows your artwork to achieve a brilliant effect. I drew a cartoon Orange Mushroom with shading included, and the final result is not bad at all! I am very pleased with the coloring of the pastels.

The pastels are also labeled with their color and their number. A list of the colors are also included on the back of the box."
I purchased these for my youngest son who had been asking for them since using them in class at school. He is elated. They are actually better than the ones at school and they inspire him to sit and create!
"This was going to be a present for my granddaughter but I loved it so much I got two...one for her, she was extremely happy over this set and one for me. The only problem is she can draw better than me. I have her drawings all over my fridge and now it is covered with her art drawings. She is 10 and an artist already."
"Great set at a great price for everyone that enjoys painting at any level. Good and inexpensive way to introduce kids to art, easy to use and perfect for littleones to hold (just like a crayon)."
My daughter loves this product and recommends it to her friends as well the way the oil pastels look when applied to the paper and is easy to work with she said. My daughter of 15 is a upcoming artist and this product helps her to use her imagination behind
Gave these to my granddaughter for Christmas.  She had recently used pastels in her art class and really wanted a set to use at home. She tells me the ones she uses in class were easier to smear and blend on her art pieces but otherwise she was quite content with this gift and especially loves the numerous colors it includes.
"Pentel is one of the best products on the market for oil pastels, they ae not overly greasy and produce a nice clean line.  The pictures you create will be bright and vivid.  They blend well creating more than the 25 colors enclosed.  This is not a pricy product and is well worth the cost. A must for any artist or artist in training."
These pastels are awesome! You can't get a better value. Very easy to work with. I will buy them again.
"Got these on sale for the kids. They never made it to school as they wanted to play with them immediately. The kids compared them to others we had from a while back (another brand) and they said that they loved the ""smoothness"" of the pastels with this brand. Nice product.  LOTS of colors!"
"Got these on sale for the kids.  They never made it to school as they wanted to play with them immediately.  The kids compared them to others we had from a while back (another brand) and they said that they loved the ""smoothness"" of the pastels with this brand.  Nice product."
"These oil pastels are really like a very nice crayon, smooth and richly colored. Try these rather than a box of crayons sometime. Your children will enjoy the treat."
"Perfect for kindergarten kids. Thats about it. Slushy, poor pigment and breaks easily. Not even for a high school artist."
"got these today they are tiny, but cute, and seem to work fine for my purpose of writing cards and letters with a zip, for the price seems fair, they are a little thicker than a pencil, nice selection of colors, haven't tried blending with them yet though they seem like regular quality oils to me, though been a while, great for adult and kids is my recommendation, an affordable intro into oils.  Still love soft pastels the best but can't afford another set yet."
"The Item was shipped fast. The oil pastels were in great condition, not scattered about in the container. I using this item as filler item for my daughter for Christmas. I bought this with a nice spiral notebook. I am looking forward to seeing her wonderful art work. This item was so inexpensive you cant go wrong."
Bought this set for my upper elementary classroom. Great quality and fabulous price! We've already done one project and have plans to do another soon!
I have never used pastels before.  I am used to oil and acrylic paint.  This is a different experience and has taken some trial and error to get the knack of.  They seem very good.  I was trying to blend them with my finger but seem to have used too much or too many colors and they got waxy.  I figured out using them with strong strokes blended colors for me doing abstracts anyway.
I bought this for my sister when it was on sale. I figured it'll be useful for her since she's in high school. She likes to blend colors and this is perfect for that.
"My 6 year old raved about the pastels at her school, so I had to buy her some. These were really cheap, but a great product. The packaging is sturdy and has already lasted my daughter's rough handling."
"I am a beginner at pastels and didn't want to invest a fortune until I was sure it would be something I would enjoy.

I do.  And I enjoy these pastels.  My teacher was happy with the quality of both the paper and the pastels I chose from Amazon and is considering buying both for the classes she teaches in public schools.

If I ever 'advance' to higher quality products, I will be sure to compare them.

I did upload my first picture in case of curiosity!"
"These are great my grandaughter is very talented at drawing,we hang some of her artwork in our home and get quite a few people wanting to know who did the pictures,shipping was fast and the quality of the pastels was well worth every penny.i look forward to seeing what she does next. GREAT"
"The price on these oil pastels is really good. This is a good set to start with as it has a lot of colors and for the price, you can spend a lot of time getting to know how to use them and how to blend them without worrying that you are practicing with something that is expensive. It's a great set for beginners!"
"I got it for my three-year old girl.
She loved it.
very soft and great for coloring, vivid colors,
but it is broken easily,
and the carpet got dirty.
Not good for young kids."
I cannot comment on the quality of this set I bought it for my soon to be 17 yr. old Granddaugher who is planning on going to art school she has a natural talent with painting as well as sketching started at a very young age the set does look like it is good quality but who am I to say since I don't know too much about things such as this I am sure she will enjoy them....
This product fully met my expectations and was as described.  Great selection of colors and great price for a 50 color pastel set!
"This is a quality assortment of oil pastels, neatly packaged and easy to handle. Would highly recommend to anyone regardless of your proficiency in art."
Great price for an item costing a lot more in an art store.  I am purchasing this for art students at my school and I am able to do it at this low cost.
"We were going to go on vacation a couple weekends back.  This item caught my eye and I bought it for my little sister.  She absolutely loves it and has made some spectacular pictures with it.  For the price you can't complain if you know somebody that would appreciate these, or if you have the desire yourself."
"I love this set. I am new to using oil pastels, and I am delighted with the simplicity of this substance. It does get tricky when learning to blend colors or how to layer a little, but it wouldn't be fun or worth the paper it's on if its not a tiny bit challenging. This is a great beginners kit for learning to have fun creating art without all the discouraging complications or difficult challenges other mediums present. This is just one step up from sidewalk chalk to me. I would like even more colors. However, this has a wide range of variety and great quality for a bargain."
These Oil Pastel Sticks are about 3 inches in length and come in about every immaginable color.  They sketch beatifully onto regular hard back sketch paper and allow for very nice control.  If you are a modern or impressionist style sketcher then you will appreciate what you can do with these.  They are fun and of a high quality for their inexpensive price.
"I bought this pastel, shipping arrived quickly.  I painted it came out very beautiful.  Pastels have good quality.  Cheaper and it's very easy to use. If I run out probably I will buy this product soon."
These oil pastels are great. They are smooth and blend very nicely. Delivery was on time and the box was in perfect condition.
You simply cannot beat the price on this great set of pastels.  Every color of the rainbow and MANY more are included!
Great for budding artist and those further experienced alike.  My tweenies love this.  They especially love the blending capabilities of the colors.
this is a great set if you want to do a nice project but it is also inexpensive enough to let the little ones use for art!
"The variety quality and price of these oil pastels would be very hard to beat. I am extremly pleased and so was my daughter, will be back for more!"
"I've actually only used these a couple times, but when I have used them they're fun.  A nice range of vivid, blendable colors.  Obviously the blunt ends aren't going to be great for fine details, but you can get some fun textured effects by pushing hard with some sweeping strokes.  You blow through them really fast that way, but at six bucks a set why not?  (Try not to overdo it, though; they're soft, break easy.  And maybe check at local stores to avoid shipping.  = ) )  These are also an affordable alternative for artists who like colored pencils but can't afford the steep prices.  All around if you want to relax with some fun color, this is a great way to go."
"I really like that there is a large variety of colors to chose from. Bought them for the kids, I'm pretty sure they're going to have lots of fun with them. When I received the order some of the paints were sticking out wich is normal during delivery, thankfully none of them got broken. Great purchase!"
Bought these for my 6 yr old grand daughter and she absolutely loved them. Became her coloring tool of choice.
"Unlike specified in the description, these pastels did NOT come with a carrying case, and a few sticks got chipped a little (during shipping, I presume -- the shipping box was way too large and smashed on one side as if stomped on by an elephant). The shipping (from Buy.com) was free though (and only took 2 days!), so I still consider these pastels to be a good value.
The variety of colors is great and I didn't notice any odors as mentioned in someone else's review."
"I placed three different orders on amazon over 4-5 days, and this was the last order. I still received this before anything else. Plus the shipping was free, even when the order amount was just $6.99. The quality and variation in colors seem very good too. There is not carrying case as advertised though. But I got what I wanted and received it quickly. A good buy."
Product arrived on time.  A great product for the price.  Can easily blend and smooth multiple colors together.  Very versatile.
"I love these oil pastels, they are not ""top of the line"" (ie professional line) but you can't beat the color array for the price.  I'm an artist as a hobby only and I've had a lot of fun with them, definately worth the purchase.  I love the texture of oil pastels."
"This is good product on this price, I got shipped on time. All colors are bright and effective, easily blended, I am using different kind of stuffs for last 25 years and its really awesome..."
My son and daughter love it. It has a lot of colors for them to choose and make great pictures.
"This was purchased as a christmas gift and it made it here on time , i was very impressed with this product the shipping was very fast and will be buying from again"
"This oil pastel set is great. You get 50 pastels in the set. The description said set of 12 (boxes) which is incorrect (and seems too good to be true anyway for $6.99). I only got 1 set but for the price is still a great value. My almost 6 years old enjoyed this media very much and doesn't want to go back to her crayons. It is softer.. the colors are more vibrant and much more fun to use. It is little messy (easily smudged) but she will learn not to touch her drawings sooner or later.

I am ordering more.."
"nice price for quality oil pastels, they were shipped in a timely manner, and made a wonderful christmas gift...I highly recommend purchasing from this buyer, and the merchandise was very good too!"
"I was very disappointed when I received these in the mail. When I opened the box, the pastels were all in a mess! They had fallen out of the case and spilled all over the box. They had scratched each other so if I were to use a blue pastel; yellow, red, and other colors were mixed in. It says it comes in a carrying case, but that is not true. It's just a paper box. There is no handle or anything."
Lots of lovely colors. Great for a beginning artist. Great price allows me to practice and learn how to use pastels. I love how they blend and the easy lay down of colors.
Perfect for trying out a new medium!
I like them so far as my first oil pastel set. Wish they were more of a fine point for more of smaller detail work but Im not complaining for the price. Have fun and be creative.
These oil pastels are very pigmented and very waxy. It is not that good for layering especially if you are heavy handed. But the colors are very vibrant!
"These were inexpensive, but have worked very well and are so fun to use! There is a great variety of colors that are able to mix very well together. I absolutely love the texture they are able to bring. They do break if you put too much pressure on the sides, but you can still use the broken tips. The tray is excellent and helps with even keeping the broken tips together. Would definitely recommend."
very nice blending and creamy pretty good variety of colors and they are smooth
"I know this is good oil pastel, I have many for my art students. But I purchased this set as a gift. And when I opened the box it looked like it has been badly handled. Pastels were all bunched together to one side. I had to put them back in order but All colors were mixed together and looked messy. It was not in a condition to be gifted. I felt so embarrassed to give it as a gift, but had no time to purchase a new one.."
Great set to have especially for a beginning pastel artist. Happy I purchased these.
perfect
Nice
I teach free veterans classes.  Prices is great so I can let the veterans take them home if they want.  Here's a sample (practice) from a class.  It did well.
Just what I needed. A box of lots of wonderful colors. Quick delivery.
Our daughter loves these too. She loves art.
very good price very high quality
Nice quantity and color palette.  Boxed nicely.
"Just learning how to use these, they have a beautiful range of colors!"
I bought these for my 8 year old and she loved them. These are good for little kids that are just learning how to use pastels for the price. They are not high quality but they perfect for the price.
"Im an artist and I wasn't expecting to love these so much given the price for the range of colors and quality. I love these sticks because they are so soft, the colors are vibrant and they blend very well."
"Very pigmented and nice blending. Great quality for their low price, but its just a little small :)"
"These are great oil pastels for the price.  They have a good color selection and they are rich and creamy.  The sticks are very small, but you can still get a lot of drawings from one box.  Also, oil pastels look better on darker paper."
These work well for my kids' art projects. And they last a decent amount of time.
"Huge hit! Bought this as a gift for a Reddit Gifts exchange, the 400th one. My recipient was saying how if she had 400 of anything, that oil pastels would be perfect. Even though this was just outside of my price range ($20) I knew it'd be perfect. The recipient was so happy and said ""never did I actually expect to receive over 400 pastels""! I'm floored that I was able to send her something she loves that much that completely matched the theme of the exchange.
I know this review is more fluff than tough - but the reviews of others helped me decide to purchase it. Highly recommend even if it's just shy out of your budget!"
Lots of good colors but some didn't blend well
YAYYY!!!!!!
Good quality and color variety!
"Good price, nice product"
Great quality!
Work well. Blend easily. Very high quality.
Not worth the money at all.  Lumpy!  They force me to give a star.
Great for young artist! Gift!
Seem nice daughter has used them.  Nice packing.
These are great!! I usually use oil paints but I wanted to try a new medium that requires less clean up. In about two hours I completed a nice sea scape. These are very pigmented and blendable! Would recommend and I'll probably need the larger set now! :)
"Small oil pastels, size like the regular small crayons. I was expecting oil pastels to be bigger size and easier to hold and paint."
It has a decent selection of colors and the quality is good. To
"Nice set for a nice price. Oil pastels are similar to crayons, and can be heat set in fabric for permanence.
Check out You Tube for techniques to use"
"I bought these to replace an old set of oil pastels that wouldn't blend/smudge anymore. Great set of colors and they glide on paper easily. Someone mentioned the smell of gasoline and I have to agree. There is an odor to them resembling the smell of gasoline that doesn't go away.

The smell doesn't bother me much because it's faded somewhat. It hasn't gone away completely, but I can tolerate it. I'm just glad they're able to blend better than my old ones. Overall, a decent purchase for helping me to draw and in turn relieving some stress in the process."
Got these for my baby girl for her Easter basket I just know she's going to love them.
"We got the set of 50 colors which was an amazing value.  It's not professional artist quality, but for the price, you shouldn't expect it to be.  This is a great set for children, amateur artists, or anyone else who wants a whole lot of pastels for not much money.  They are very suitable for messing around and learning the medium.  The quality is above what the price might indicate, even if these aren't the best available.

The price was so good I could afford a set for each of my children, so they don't fight over them while working; and that is a value in and of itself."
"They have a great assortment of colors, just wish they were a little more oily for blendability."
Perfect for my artsy 3 & 6 year olds! The price was a great plus! A lot less messier than paints and my kids enjoy blending colors with their fingers or sometimes baby oil on a brush.
"Nice set of pastels, great color selections that apply smoothly and blend well. I am happy with my purchase, thank you!"
I'm sorry to be one of the few naysayers about these pastels but they're really not much better than crayons and they smell like Pennzoil. I guess next time I'll have to buy more expensive ones.
Fast shipping...great product! Awesome customer service! Thanks!!
Nice pastels for a 9 year child. And she loves them.
Love these oil pastels. great buy
great love the texture
Great oil pastels!
"Great selection of colors. They don't blend as well as I would like, but they do blend well. My only problem is that upon opening is the overwhelming smell of a mechanic's shop, probably the smell of the oil in the pastels all wrapped in plastic for who knows how long. Let them air, and their pretty great to take out or use at home."
AMAZING quality! can't wait to use it all and will definitely repurchase it
"The quality is fine for the price, but even on paper it's not as smooth as I normally like my pastels. It's a bit dry and comes off as bumpy, but they are an awesome kit for starters!"
Love them!  Works well
"I have used pentel pastels for years, with or without oil paints, depending on subject matter, lighting, all the things we evaluate to produce meaningful work. Pentel can be subtle or raw, whatever you need to punch up a piece from banal to exciting. It is a personal experience, but the tools are essential."
Gift
"I couldn't believe how good these oil pastels are for the price. Sure, they're not as soft, pigmented, or crumb-free as the artist-grade brands, but they feel closer to the real thing than any of the other scholastic-grade brands I've tried, like Crayola or Cray-Pas Junior. Like, nobody as far as I know has ever been turned on to oil pastels by children's Cray-Pas, but if you draw with these you will ""get the idea"" of oil pastels.

The color selection is also nice and nuanced, and they're forward-thinking enough to provide two white sticks.

Unfortunately, my set has a strong gasoline-ish smell. The box says it conforms to ASTM safety standards, but it doesn't particularly tout itself as being non-toxic like other children's art mediums do. That with the funny smell makes me hesitate to recommend these for small children. Which is a shame, because I think these are a much better, more expressive introduction to making art than the standard frustrating kids' art tools.

The first picture is of my standard warmup/test: a colored sphere. The second is a color study for an ocean shore landscape. Both are on toned paper. I actually prefer a less-toothy substrate because then I find it easier to blend by smudging."
"I gave this as a gift to my very talented niece and when she opened the package she screamed.  I had no clue it was on her Christmas list but I sure was the Auntie of the year!  She wanted this really badly.  She had tears in her eyes and said, ""and it's even a great brand"".  I guess that says it all."
"THESE ARE THE ONLY OIL PASTELS I'VE EVER USED, SO I CAN'T COMPARE THEM TO ANY OF THE MORE EXPENSIVE BRANDS, BUT I AM SUPER PLEASED WITH THEM! VIBRANT, SMOOTH COLOR THAT BLENDS GREAT! I WOULD DEFINITELY BUY AGAIN FOR PERSONAL USE, OR TO GIVE AS A GIFT."
JUST AS EXPECTED
Inexpensive set I bought for school kids to use.  They have had a ball drawing and painting over.  Nice product.
"Works very well, my 11 year old made some beautiful art work with these."
I bought these are small basket fillers for Easter. My nephews and daughter that loves to draw will be excited with these great quality  sticks!
Good Product
"The pastels are great. Good quality and students are enjoying them. On a side note I ordered 8 boxes and they all came individually wrapped in its own box, annoying and a waste of paper."
Nice oil pastels and very good selection of colors to choose from would definitely recommend
Very nice
Hard as a rock and release a lot of debre.
I gave this as a gift to a artistic 15-year-old girl.  She is in love with it!
Great item I recommend buying these.
"Bought these for my son, who has really gotten into art. He adores them, great quality and color selection. Will likely buy this set for my niece as well."
Really nice for the artist in your life.
"I love these oil pastels, they work wonderfully."
My daughter loves hese
Good product. Great pigmentation good colors
I ordered this as a christmas gift for my cousin who is big on art. she loves the set and has had no complaints.
"I went through these fast. I had to get them for a class and during the glass I went through about half of a one stick on some of them. Great color, and vibrant."
"Not sure exactly what happened, but there is no way I can use these.  The smell is outrageous!  It's been sitting in the garage airing out for two weeks.  There is a very prominent GASOLINE smell.  I'm not talking what you would expect from an oil pastel, this is full on Exxon 89 octane.  Very bad.  It's a shame too because they are in such great condition.  It's not the packaging because I've taken them out, and I have other Pentel oil pastels (smaller set) and it does not smell at all.

Not sure who's at fault whether it's the shipper, seller, packager, or manufacturer."
Beautiful colors and work so well!!!!
"Great color selection, good buy."
"Great Product, will buy again from seller!!!"
I bought these for my daughter who is 16. She has been using them a lot and said they work really good. For the price you cant beat them.
"Excellent pastels for a great price. I use these in my classroom and the kids are very excited about how many colors they get to choose from. A bit tricky for little fingers to peel back the paper on the pastels without ripping off whole wrapper, but still excellent. Do not hesitate. Pentel brand is the best."
this box of pastel will last a long time.  we were amazed at how 432 pieces look.  my daughter will have a blast using them.
Just what I need for art class at a good price.
Great price and value for quality .Amazing array of colors blends smoothly gives a nice finish easy to blend and work with.
These oil pastels by Pentel are beautiful. I love them. They smell kind of loud. I don't know if this is common for oil pastels as I am new to this medium. They came on time in perfect condition. None were broken.
"I got these after my other pastels were lost in an accident. I could not afford much but really missed mine so I decided to get these as they were reasonably priced.
The colors are very vibrant and they go on very smoothly. I also find that they blend well and there is a nice selection of colors. They also have a really good texture. The site said they are fade resistant which I will have to wait and see as I just got mine but so far I am loving them."
"Got this for my friend as a gift and she loves it! I've seen her artwork using the pastels and they work great, it has a big range of vibrant colors that look great on paper"
Got for my kids.  Nice quality.  I really don't have anything to compare it to though so these may be 3 or 5 star quality.
Lovely set!
I received this item but one was missing
"I got these as a gift for my daughter and she loves them.  The colors are vibrant, they are easy to blend with a finger or even art blending sticks."
"This set of oil pastels is a set of an amazing 50 oil pastels! I wanted a new art medium to experiment with, besides acrylic paint and other types of things like colored pencils and markers, so I decided to purchase these. Here is a list of some pros and cons that apply to these-

Pros-  A good medium, comes with a lot of oil pastels, easy to blend with any blending material you have, easy to use

Cons- (yes this goes for most oil pastels) they are kinda messy, and yes they don't smell the best.

So overall, I think these are good oil pastels mostly if you are experimenting with oil pastels for the first time, like I did. If you are more experienced in art and using oil pastels, you might want to consider getting higher quality oil pastels. But yes, these are good if you are just starting out. Also, this makes a great gift to any artist who likes using different mediums, or just wants to try out oil pastels. I hope this was of help to you!"
"art(sy) fart(sy) stuff. good for an afternoon of who did it fun
jack"
great price.
"I have not had these long, but so far I know I do like them to color with, not so much for drawing for they come with no point, they have a cylindrical end, once I have colored with them enough to form a point maybe they can be used to draw ok, but I do not want to sharpen them to a point and waste a lot of coloring, the cost for them is very good, in fact I bought two packs, overall a great buy in my opinion, however keep in mind these are different from colored pencils"
I took a chance on this because I had no idea how to fix a beautiful oil painting I bought that someone sold me damaged. I thought it was ruined as there was a spot where the paint was missing. Plus I am not an artist so I did not know if I could fix it. However I took a chance bought these because of all the different colors and was able to match it enough where you can hardly tell. Very happy with this item. I know that is not their usual purpose but they definitely worked for it
"Nice assortment of colors, convenient packaging."
"Super good quality, amazing for the price! These are better than the ones we use in art class. Super creamy and pigmented. Theres a wide variety of colors and I really love how they give you 2 white pastels since I use white a ton!"
"My kids love these. They work great, but are a bit stinky."
Nice gift for my husband. However it came with 49 pieces not 50. Inside the packaging u can see that one was missing
Great product
Perfect for beginners exactly what I ordered
"Works well for drawing classes. Not the best qualtity for blending, but they got the job done."
"I bought the oil pastels (50 colors). It has a nice variety of shades, even those you can use as light & dark ""skin tones."" These were for a beginner and she was happy to receive them. They were a great price. They are easy to use, but do not blend super well. Overall, a great buy."
Nice colors!
""""".`*.*HIGHLY RECOMMEND*.*'."""""
My daughter was thrilled to get this set! There's an array of colors she is ready to use! The only thing she suggested was a color chart but other than that a Great buy!
good for the young artists
Lots of colors! Fast delivery! Just as expected
Came fast! Love the colors.
very good product for my daughter to start
Everything come perfect. Nice colors and price! Loved
its a great economy pastel set but this one came with one missing.
very pleased
"This is a nice starter set of oil pastels that are great for budding artists, anyone wanting to experiment with oil pastels or school students.  For the price you get a really nice array of colors to experiment with. A few colors aren't as vivid as others in the set.
I don't recommend these for adult coloring, especially on double sided pages because there is the potential of the oil bleeding through your paper.
Overall it's a great set and worth the price."
"Nice colors,definitely worth buying"
"The class loves oil pastels, these are great quality and a great price! If you can afford it, buy it you won't be disappointed.."
came so quick and is sooo fun and easy to use!
"I love these. I'm a beginner, but they're so much better than the cheap set I got at my local craft store. Vibrant colors and smooth blending."
"I'm trying to get back into doing arts and crafts and have set up a mini studio in my apartment. I was thrilled to be able to find some Pentel Oil Pastels at an affordable price. Some oil pastels I've purchased in the past have dried up over time and became hard to work with; whereas, I have some Pentel Oil Pastels I purchased thirty years ago which are as smooth now as they were when I purchased them."
"We bought this as part of a Toys for Tots gift for an older child. It went with the DK How to Draw book and the MiTeintes Pastel Pad, hopefully will provide some enjoyment for an older child who likes to draw."
I really like these. I'm using them mainly for encaustic work as I incise pieces but they perform very nicely for that. I admittedly don't have a lot of experience with oil pastels (this is my second set) but these are smoother and spread easier than others I've used. A few pieces have broken as I've used them but I think that's par for the course.
"great product, came as expected and described"
This was a great gift!
As expected for pastels in this price range
Kids love coloring with these as an alternative to crayons.
Excellent product
"The colors are great, and on a budget I was excited to receive all those colors for the price. The reason for two stars is the smell!!! Extreme chemical smell!!! I am not one to be affected by unpleasant odors, as I am a man, and not the most effeminate man in terms of hygiene, however, laying in bed with the windows closed was a dizzying experience in the most unpleasant way. I threw these away within two days because of the odor."
quick shipping good product
My daughter loves these.
"My daughter loves them, they are soft and draw on different surfaces"
They are really oil crayons and should be marketed as such
These oil pastels are a great value and I am impressed with how well they work. The colors are very pigmented and they feel nice. Would recommend these.
I was surprised how thin these were.im used to thicker ones.
My artist daughter loves these! Great product!
Love it
They work perfectly. Smooth and fun to draw with.
Really nice oil pastels.  great deal
Very good merchandise and sellers
I loved the colors and texture. My daughter loves to color using these bright colors
I had no idea how great oil pastels could be to increase the beauty of my artwork until I tried these. They blend very well and are even useable on large drawn coloring pages for adults. I even look at them to put in backgrounds of some of my coloring because I keep my better pages in a scrapbook. They have a good variety of colors too. I will buy these again because I use them a lot.
"Kids are loving them, great quality and price."
I ordered the 50 count and I only got the 16 count.  Not happy.
"The Pentel Oil Pastels are a box of bold, blending, beauties. In our weekly art class, we are thrilled to pull out the sturdy box of vibrant colors. The package of fifty has a great assortment of colors. For example, there are five shades of yellow, and nine varieties of blue, however, there are only two whites.  We, the homeschool co-op, imitate pictures of Vincent van Gogh's famous artwork with these well-blending pastels, which work wonderfully in many different styles of art. Although we recommend these, there are a few drawbacks. The wrappers slide off easily which increases breakage.  Although they are not perfect, we still give Pentel Oil Pastels a five-star rating because the price is reasonable, the colors are vivid, and they're generally easy to clean-up. The age we recommend is eight and up."
"I remember those from when I was a child.
They're the same excellent quality. A bit messy though."
thanks
The bad smell disgusts me when open box.
Fast delivery! Great product for beginning art students.
"Love them, they really are good and do not crumble as other brands"
Worked really nice! Blended very well. A great oil pastel for the price!
Picture perfect
I like it
These are great and for a great price!
"This was my first time to use the oil pastels. Why  I love the variety of colors, they're not the easiest to blend. Be prepared to use some pressure on your qtip to get them to spread. They might work differently on different paper"
Creamy and very blendable. Good pigmentation as well.
good
First ones I have ever used. Daughter requested these after using them in art class. We made a poster together. Can be messy but very fun to use. Would love to learn how to blend colors. Could create some great art with these!
Good oil pastel
"Love these pastels! They blend wonderfully, and are a huge hit with my kiddo. They get a bit messy, but feel like great quality. Highly recommended!"
Great colors! Delivery was quick and colors looks vibrant and nice. They color well and glide on paper.
These are great for art. They are easy and fun to use.
nice selection of colors
"when i tried to blend the colors, they clumped up which was really annoying."
Ordered for my son who loves to draw and he loves them! Takes them everywhere asking with his sketch book. Great assortment of colors for a great price!
They are very smooth and vibrant. Only downside I can see is that they are a bit on the small side. Otherwise I really like the product.
Not impressed.
"I am not an art-supply expert, but these oil pastels are so waxy that I cannot get a result that looks better than a child's coloring book! I really wanted to like them, with all the colors in the package, but noooo.  I also purchased Portfolio oil pastels, and they are so much better."
"good price, good product"
The sleeves in this thing are super thin and rip very easily. Some of our pages ripped just putting pictures in. There's to way you can turn thru the whole thing without a page ripping out.
Exactly as described! Thanks
These are good oil pastels but thank you for giving me 49 instead of 50 pastels
"These Oil Pastels are incredible. I have every single size Set, the smaller more compact sets for traveling. I have two of the 50 Color Sets for usage at home. Very easy to use, great for traveling, because they are very portable and don't mind being shuffled around. Just don't drop them, the oil pastels can crack. Highly pigmented, strong colors, the perfect set for field work and at home. Can be used on several different types of surfaces, like pastel paper, sketchbook paper,( I prefer sketchbook paper), Acrylic paper, Canvas Board. They can be a little messy on your hands, but it comes off easily with a paper towel or just wash your hands with soap and water. One way to insure that the oil pastels don't move around too much in the box is to lay a sheet of paper towel on top of the pastels underneath the clear sheet that holds them in place. I also recommend putting a large rubber band around the box to insure the tray doesn't slide out. I have also tried putting the smaller sets in plastic bags to keep water off them when traveling.
I've been using them for almost a year, I'm very pleased with the artwork I've done with them."
Strong beautiful color.  Strong smell I didn't like.  Great results
Love them.
Great
Got these for my 5 year old.  Makes beautiful vibrant artwork
Beautiful colors. Love them.
I was thinking the sticks would have been a little bigger.
Great product!!
Perfect for your classroom when you have to buy your own stuff!
"These are my favorite oil pastels, I learned to use pastels with this same brand. And had to order more. They do need warming up and can be rough at first, but once you get working with them they're beautiful and so fun to blend. Here a picture I did with only the pentel pastels. I got the 50 pack."
A great art material.  I've been playing with them for water color effect (using turpenoid in place of water) as well as for the oil painting use they were designed for.
Excelente
"Great value, I will repurchase if available again"
The colors are awesome and they're so buttery
Great product. . . excellent service!
Enjoyed the color variety and ease of blending. Would buy again.
They are so beautiful!
"Awesome crayons, very easy to apply to paper and anything else you please! Easy to blend and work with."
I am a k-3 art teacher. I teach 800 students per week. These were soft and easy to blend with little fingers. The children loved them! They were mostly used up after one project (800 pastel lions) I wish purple had been included. I would purchase these again!
I'm using these with my 3rd grade classroom. They love to use these compared to their crayons because of how vivid the colors turn out.
Worked great for classroom rubbing project.
I bought this for my 10 yr old daughter and she loves them. She even takes them to summer camp in her book bag with an ice pack in the adjacent pocket. They show up very well on black paper.
"Good student quality oil pastels, similar to faber castel or sakura junior artist oil pastels. These won't stand up to the quality of sennelier professional oil pastels. Four stars because they arrived slightly damaged."
great product!
"Nice pastels, smaller but really fine for quick drawings, shading studies.  Good color, easily applied.  Will order again.  Thx."
"I was hoping these would be more like artist-quality pastels, based on the other reviews, but they really aren't any better than other children's quality pastels.  There is a huge variety of color, but I think I'd prefer to have a smaller variety and better quality. I felt they laid on very sheer."
"I like how soft they are & they blend well.  What I don't like is that I shouldn't need a floodlight & reading glasses to see the color names, especially with the darker colors!  I would have given 5 stars, if not for the small, dark letters."
kids are love this so much . best quality.
So much fun to work with. Gives a very different look
our daughter enjoys these. Great colors and quality for the price.
I just didn't like the way the oil pastels looked. tried them once and put them in the grandkids basket of art supplies
"not easy to blend , i cant apply colors on top , break easily"
Great buy......carlos
Very good.
Excellent pastels especially for the price. They are very vivid and smooth to draw with. Very happy with them overall.
"I love these oil pastels, firm yet still soft with it's beautiful pigments.. Always top notch quality and the only type of oil pastels I use.. I've tried other oil pastels like Sakura, and it just doesn't make the cut for me.. And I say this as a visual arts major student :) Attached pictures are from my life drawing as well as just a free sketch.. Just so you can see how easy it is to blend layers over and how bright the colors are in the pastel."
"This is the first time I ever use pastels, and these were amazing!!!"
great
"Lovely bright colors with a lot of pop. These are not for kids only. Can be used for professional work. If you are used to drawing with regular crayons, you will be shocked to see the results the first time you use them.

Lastly - the price: Unbelievable price for such quality. Don't think too much. Just buy them!"
No
These oil pastels have a great selection of color and they blend very well! I am very pleased!
beautiful colors
"My 5 y/o niece picked out this set after expressing her need for oil pastels. She used them in school and ""they were the greatest thing...ever!"" When she finally received the set, she called to thank me because it was exactly what she wanted. This set also came with multiple pinks, which is necessary for a girl that is obsessed with the color. (Her mother thanked me because she'll now sit occupied and quiet for hours.)"
Worked great for an elementary school art day project!
"I'm just starting to learn how to use oil pastels and so far,  these are the best ones I've tried out!  Great for the price and fun to use."
"Just received this item. All pieces were in excellent condition. I did some test sketches
The oil pastels were creamy and covered well. They blended very well. I am surprised
at the quality."
"GREAT price!  I got these on Amazon for $29. These are thinner than traditional pastels.  Good for tight areas or smaller work.  They are creamy and blend well, but are not water soluble.  My high school students real like them!"
"Creamy, easy to use, bright colors."
"Love these, good quality for a  lass set without breaking the bank!"
Not so good quality
Great comers and having fun with them. Recommended!!
"Great pastels .. box is a bit untidy... Pain in the but to get the paper wrapping off.. My favorite thing about these PASTELS is that they melt in your hand while using them. LOVE THAT.. it opens new things when you have wax sticking to your fingers, colors bleeding into one another.  Wonderful pastel that I used 30 years ago in art school!  TIP -- you an exacto type blade to take off 1/3 of the paper before using.."
love it
A lot of paint markers
decent
The product was delivered on time and I was really excited about opening up my package but when I did I noticed that the colors had flecks of other color on them which is probably to be expected but still. And there were little peices of the pastels on the packaging. Not too disappointed though.
"This is my first time working with oil pastels.  I'm really loving these.
I think they are great for mixed media and any other paper people.  You will love the smooth creamy vibrant colors."
good
"I liked this, but as it was a gift for the Veteran's home, I learned too late that the size of this item was not the best for that purpose - recommend larger sizes, as they are easier for some folks to grasp.

Overall though, was very pleased with the quality and quantity for the cost."
Love pastels
These are a great price for the product. I am watching youtubes to see how to use the Oil Pastels. Very excited to learn something new. The only reason I gave it 4 starts is because I have to learn how to use before I can give it  perfect 5.
This was a great stocking stuffer.
More than I expected.
"The colors tend to create secondary and tertiary colors easily just by laying one color lightly on top of another, and I mean very lightly.  Oddly enough some of the colors are brilliant, but none of them can be blended by hand.  I think they're too good to be used in coloring books, but not good enough for anything more than loose sketches.  You get what you pay for."
Got these for my 1-3 graders! They love them and are great quality!
I bought this as a gift for my daughter.  She loves it.
"I've purchased this 432 count oil pastels. Not a surprise these oil pastels were creamy which helped blending colors together but the only issue I have was when I received this package, not all the oil pastels were there. I find this disappointing because eventually it will come down to a few oil pastels and I won't have the colors to accomplish my art creations. Overall great product but it wasn't what I paid for."
As promised....
These work good. They last a while and there is a good variety of colors. Great price at the time of purchase.
"Low quality, but you get what you pay for. They blend ok. I let my kids have them."
Great Variety
These are dried up and  awful thougjt they were  described  like  something  different  thier just cheap crayons
Fun for craft and coloring
9 year old loves got as Christmas gift
"beautiful colors, none were broken...granddaughter is drawing away"
Love these! Blend well and have lasted a long time! Highly Recommend
"I love it,they work well.my kids like it too.  thank you!!!!!!!!!!"
Love these! Pentel is a great brand and these do not disappoint!!
"Good amount of oil pastels for the price. Good size and good color. There is every color except PURPLE. So bizarre. And get this, the oil that was on the cover of the box was purple! REALLY disappointed by this. Lacking."
Purchased as a gift so haven't opened and used them yet.  The package arrived early and was as described with no broken pieces.  Opened flap and observed the pastels are vibrant colors.
oil pastel are my fav!
Love them and brighter pictures to decorate the den walls
"I ordered 4 of them as an add on item. I am happy with them. Haven't tried them out yet and 2 out of 4 had some kind of black smudge on the pastels themselves but, when you use them it'll go away."
Bad smell. Strong small like diesel. Not good for children to breathe.
Works well
"Art supplies for my daughter and no, they aren't just used for drawing, this set is gorgeous and she is extremely happy with the quality of the pastels will purchase again."
Very nice.
My 5 year old daughter is obsessed with coloring and crafty projects so I thought these would make an excellent addition to our craft station and I was right! She loves smudging the colors with her hands and creating things with them.
10 year old son was pleased with these.
I have been using Pentel oil pastels with my students for 20 years. Great value and product!
as expected
"I bought these oil pastels for myself and they worked perfectly, but the only thing was that you had to be really genttle with them or they will snap right off other than that i think they are a great product for a really great price in other stores they are 6 to 10 dollars so the prize is pretty good. So get them while you can!!"
Great for coloring book!
Super price giving it as a Christmas present
"Do not buy these. They are absolute junk! If you are wanting to introduce oil pastels to a new artist, they will hate them and not want to try this style of art. These were almost like crayons."
"Great colors, and 50 of them.  Gave 3 stars because, while they work ok, they're very, VERY thin ( in circumference). They're so thin that they're pretty delicate.  My students can't use them due to their size, but I like because of the large range of colors...I'm just careful with them and don't push down too hard.  Great price.  Now I know why."
"Considering the price, I wasn't expecting much from these oil pastels. They have a vibrant color and blend relatively well. Very good value."
what a great price for a great product
Product as described.  Thanks!
good deal
Arrived in perfect condition.
"These are my first set of oil pastels... I usually work with soft pastels. I like these, they're smooth to me. I plan to do a lot more with them"
Shipping is really fast! The products are perfect to the art class.
"Loved the texture and the way they glide into canvas. I can do without fancy expensive supplies so these were perfect! Bonus: they smell like my dad's shop, which made me very happy :) would recommend for variety of colors and quality"
Great quality
Great Book
I bought the wrong 16 count ( I should buy the 32 count ) but 16 is enough till now.
All perfect
Excellent deal for the amount of pastels that you receive.  Great quality.
Exactly what was advertised. Delivered on time.
fine
"I absolutely love these pastels. They work great on canvases and they are super affordable. not to mention, i wasn't expecting them for  2 weeks, and they were delivered in 2  days!!! will definitely purchase from this shop again."
"bright colors, fun to draw and pretend to be an artist with my 3 yo son.. we used our fingers to smear the oil pastels and made some beautiful art work together."
These are good for the price
have not tried it. It seems to work well.
This is for the artist in everyones family. Beautiful colors.
This is a lovely set.  I plan to give it as a gift.  It is a beautiful assortment of colors.
Excellent product. No Issues!
"I got these for our preteen daughter, she loves coloring the Mandula's. These are beautiful, I got the set of 25, the pastels colors are brilliant and easy for her to apply and blend.  She is enjoying trying color mixtures, shading, and tints.  The acid-free pastels are ideal for her to use on paper, and she is excited about the thought of using them with a board or canvas.  She had used chalk pastel previously and these are brighter.  She was having some difficulty learning to blend colors or how to layer a little, but she asked her sister in law (extraordinary artist and no I am not prejudiced) and she helped her then explained that it wouldn't be fun if its not a tiny bit challenging. I appreciate that they are ACMI Certified as our grandchildren could get into them if they could.  I always appreciate when I can purchase with confidence, Pentel has been manufacturing and selling art supplies for more than 60 years, which tells me these are made of top quality material, and that, Pentel products are warranted for life.  I recommend these oil pastels to anyone who enjoys drawing or coloring and am already planning to get her a larger set for Christmas."
Use almost everyday.
"On time, as advertised, good quality, reasonably priced."
Perfect and pretty and came before the expected time
I bought these for an art class that I was teaching in the summer. I was afraid that they were going to melt in the 100 degree weather outside but they lasted all summer. The students loved these because it had so many different colors. It was a hit for all the students.
These were priced so right!  I use these with kids at school for a treat and they love them! They say it feels like they are artists
Excellent set for the money.
"I am new to pastels, oil or otherwise, so I'm no expert on the subject but I really liked this set especially for the price. The consistency of the pastels is not very creamy but this can work in your favor if you are using these as an under painting or maybe you want a different effect for your art. I did not give these five stars because the coverage of the pastels was a little spotty. You can see little white spots of paper where the pastel did not cover fully. There were so many that is was difficult to smooth them all out. But I have used them since for a different painting and simply adjusted my style to counteract the issue (if you can even call it that). I am just starting out using this medium so I will probably try out different brands but as of now I would buy these again."
"Nice set of pastels,  easy to use."
perfect!
Beautiful pastels set.  Rich creamy colors.  Excellent price for such a nice set.
Excellent set for the price. Better than similar brands that have this degree of hardness. Wonderful color selection!! Great price!!
Fantastic deal as an add on item.  They all arrived in one piece and the colors are beautiful.  These are not the kind you use with water.  If looking for great shades and a great price to learn on then grab these. I gave them to my daughter for art class and she loves them. No crumbling and easy to blend.  Beautiful rich colors.
Good bargain. They came neatly and not melted or broken. My teen daughter is very pleased with them.
"Great color palate for anyone getting into pastels for the first time. They are exactly what I was looking for, and much more affordable than the kits you find at craft stores."
"Good color variation, great price."
"Good for beginners. Good price, lots.of.colors."
"Great colors. Great product, great price. No problems!"
"purchased these as a new medium for daughter to work with, she has been experimenting with them and says they fun to work with also. Will be ordering more in the future."
"Very bright and blend well.  Perfect on the right paper,  smooth"
"I purchased this 50 Color Oil Pastels Set by  Pentel  Arts for my daughter as she usually paints but decided to give this a try. I did not want to spend a fortune if this was just a phase so I bought them and they are very reasonably priced and of very high quality with a wide array of colors. I had used these myself in the past and also liked them. They are soft and don't crumble, but be gentle as they will break. Also they are great for blending and shading. They are acid free and great for use on paper,  canvas, or board. They stand up great to humidity and drawing are nice and long lasting.

These can be used for just about anything and are great for beginners and artists. This set would make a really great gift whether alone or in a basket of art supplies. The colors are nice and vivid and I would not hesitate to buy these again. I highly recommend!"
I had to purchase these for my kids school supplies but I tried them before I sent them to the school. The color was vivid and smooth. A must have for art projects.
"I teach at an elementary school and wanted to give students a variety of art mediums this year to work with. These oil pastels worked great! They were a nicer quality than I expected, having used other oil pastels with students before. These seemed up to the task and survived children using them, which should allow them to last for years of light use. There's also a nice range of colors to choose from."
Amazing! Love them!
very good value
"got this as an ""add-on"" item. what a great deal.  if your a relaxed painter or just like the arts this is a must.  it works well if you don't want to go though the stress of whipping out all your painting equipment and cleaning. you just can have fun with these oil pastels"
Purchased for a 9 year old she loves them! Thank you amazon!
My daughter is very artistic and just loves these!
"These are so nice I had to get three of them for my grandson's and myself. I love to draw and I favorite is the oil pastels and chalk. Two of my grandson't love to draw so I thought I would make them a basket of art supplies for Christmas. They are going to love these Pentel Arts oil pastels as much as I do. There is nothing better than to spend quality time with a child and teaching them. These oil pastels have very nice bright colors, easy to blend and easy to use."
Nice set. Colors are bright. Great for art projects. Great value. These were purchased as a discount.
"2nd set, we love these!"
"good quality, good price"
"Arrived perfect, great gift for artistic grand-daughter."
had before
Got these for a friend's birthday who really loves pastels. He said these are very good quality and has enjoyed working with them. Was great to see his face light up when he opened them.
I bought these colored pencils at a great price on Amazon. I am going to give them to my granddaughter who is steadily becoming a great artist. Thank you
"For this price I didn't expect such smooth, high quality pastels. They blend well and produce nice color gradient with layering. One of my best deals on an awesome item."
Great value for all the color choices and quality. I am able to use in my early childhood classroom to introduce the art medium and not feel guilty about the price. The vibrant colors create beautiful works of art!
"My daughter absolutely loves these oil pastels. She is a picky person when it comes to her art supplies so for her to be as happy about these as she is gives me all the more reason to give these five stars. She states that they are smooth and she is happy with the variety of the colors. At the price I paid for them, I'm ecstatic about them. One thing I've noticed as well is she can be kinda rough with her things, and she hasn't broken one yet either. I'm not an artist, but I feel that has to account for something. Great price, great product."
fun for kids
come on it's less than 3 bucks. It's nice for the price
These make beautiful colors. Great gift idea.
"I am so glad I found these Pantel  oil pastels, because they have been so much fun. You get a large assortment of 25 beautiful oil pastel colors. They are long lasting and don't fade. I love the way they glide against the paper so smoothly.  You can also blend the colors to get a whole new look of shades and tints. I loved experimenting and making all kinds of different projects.
  I liked that it gave me some down time to relax but I was still doing something creative. Anyone can use them, they are good for beginners and professionals.
Pentel has been manufacturing and selling art supplies for more than 60 years, which tells you these are made of top quality material. To add to that, Pentel products are warranted for life."
Luv these
Super cheap....great for stocking stuffers.
"These are the creme'de 'la creme when it comes to oil pastels- One of the best brands with a history of quality- years ago before computers the only specialized pens I used as a drafter were made by PENTEL and the quality still exist today-
this is a great box of oil pastels- there are 50 colors with many great shades of colors!
This price is unbeatable and I should order more now for great Christmas gifts for any young or experienced artist!
These blend very nicely for custom colors as well-
Great Starter pack for anyone who wants to try their talents!"
"These color smoothly but break rather easily...but they are oil pastels after all! We also like oil pastel crayons, which are a little sturdier for young hands. My children and I are not professional artists, we just want to experiment and have some fun, so these are fine for us. Overall I have been pleased and I would definitely buy these again."
"My art teacher in high school gave each of us (level 3 art students) a set of 50 when we did our pastel section. While I definitely found chalk pastels far easier to work with overall (the both blend easier and are easier to keep separate when putting one color over another), I loved the color that these produced. I even placed in an art show with my project. Now, I haven't been steadily practicing over the years so I'd say that what I made in high school was my best work to date, but now that I'm out of college and stable again I've been trying to practice with them every day because oil pastels are so vibrant. And much easier to work with than paint (less messy - though don't take that for not messy at all because oil pastels have their own kind of mess, it's just not as big as painting messes - and really all you need is your pastels and some paper as opposed to brushes and pallets and water and so on).

I'm uploading that project I mentioned, though I'm afraid I don't have very good lighting in my apartment for picture taking so the photo really doesn't do the colors justice."
"Ordered for arts and crafts at the library, the kids of NUTS for oil pastels. My artist roommate was also impressed by the quality and ease of use."
Awesome set
A month and a half in and this has stopped veing effective.  As i write this my phone is connected and losong power
Awesome product for the price. Blends really smooth.
"Beautiful colors and good variety, as well as a terrific price. Will definitely buy again."
"These are exactly what I expected. I am getting back into drawing and the arts again and I wanted to use oil pastels. I didn't want to make a huge investment in a professional set, but I did want a nice quality of oil pastel to experiment with and to redevelop my skills. So far these have provided me what I need. They are simple to color and sketch with without creating a huge mess. The blending is fair, I expect that with time and practice this will become easier for me. (I suspect my skill set needs to improve more before I could provide a proper analysis of this aspect). I am enjoying the color variety of these oil pastels. They are clear and vibrant as long as they don't get over worked.  I am looking forward to experimenting with these more!"
I have not used these much yet to decide if I like them all that much. The price was good and they came quickly.
Loving the colors plan to buy more in the future an hope to see more an more colors. I struggle with joint issues an haven't drawn or sketched etc in a long time an these made me feel like I was back in art classes.
"pentel arts oil pastels , 50 color set was purchased for my granddaughter. she is showing a real talent and interest in sketching and drawing. (also painting).  she is very happy I got her this oil pastels. all she had been working with was some school supplies. which she did a great job. her first project using the pastels is impressive..  the pentel arts oil pastels set is affordable and a great set."
"These are great for the price, but I seem to remember the last box of them going on smoother than they do now."
It was a small sampler pack. The pastels were smaller than expected.
"Vibrant and fun to use with the kids. They do give of a strong smell, reminiscent of asphalt, but as long as you aren't eating them or using them for long term work I find these pleasant and affordable."
"I purchased this item to add to my own personal at home art supplies. They seem to be of professional quality and are bright vivid colors. A set of 25 gives you plenty of selection and these are easy to use and clean up and they can be used on many types of paper. I am dying to try these on rice paper, but I bet they would do better on thicker more durable paper. I love the price even though it was an add on product. I got an exceptional deal!
Disclaimer: I purchased this product at full price just like everyone else."
My niece loves these and I got them at such a great deal!
"love the colors, great quality"
Great
I've wasted way more money on way worse stuff. Since they're so cheap they're fun to just mess around with but they also posess the capacity to churn out some pretty interesting work. Get into it.
"I just got these now, they are really cute, and work well but they are smaller then I expected I thought they were gonna be bigger but they work well I added pics to show how they look and are...."
Items was a Christmas gift was well appreciated....
"Just got it today, I'll update once I use them I'm very excited."
"These are professional quality oil pastels. They are nice and creamy and highly pigmented and handle beautifully. These are a staple in my art studio and have been around for years. The price on these is amazing. These sticks are on the smaller side but at these prices, picking up multiples of these is very affordable!"
Excellent price and color beautifully!  We are not artist just use for our homeschool art class.  Great price for a good solid product!! I would buy these again.
"This is my third set of these oil pastels.  I purchased a different brand from a retail store and then bought these just to have as a spare.  However, the ones I purchased in the retail store are now the spare.  My children love these!  The colors are very vibrant and vivid.  After my children used these, they did not want to use the other brand we had previously purchased.  These are very well priced compared to other brands and they have a convenient storage case.  I will continue to purchase this brand of oil pastels."
"This was my first attempt with oil pastels, and I love them. This set comes with 25 beautifully vivid and pigment-rich colors. They apply smoothly and blend nicely by hand or using a neutral oil. While pastels, in general, are messy, these washed off my hands with regular soap and water and minimal effort. This set is currently listed at $29 which seems comparable in price to other media such as watercolor markers or pencils, so seems like a reasonable value to me, however, I am honestly not familiar with the going rate for oil pastels and base my perceived value on media I purchase regularly. I enjoyed using these and make a fun addition to my collection.

I received this product at a discount for my honest and unbiased review, I am in no way obligated to provide only positive feedback."
"Great set, great price."
"Love this. I bought for my 5 years old son . He keeps saying "" Mom!! Look at these beautiful colors"" and keep drawing with these pastel. It's like Korean oil crayon."
high quality and pretty colors.
great product. nice colors
great
A nice set for the price.
excellent.
"I like the Pentel brand of oil pastels. It arrived on time, and it is great."
They color ok
I like to use these on my canvas drawings. These at a good variety of colors and I like to even blend them together. Good quality and will purchase again.
"I purchased these for my son who loves are. He is 11 and has been enjoying these since they arrived. I used these when I was younger and remembered loving the way the colors just smoothed over the paper. I loved smearing them with my fingers to get the effects I wanted.

He has been drawing with them the last week! The kit has 50 colors so he can draw what ever he can imagine. The possibilities are limitless! The pastels are creamy and smear nicely."
"These work great!  The colors are very vibrant.  We used them at a cub scout day camp with about 200 scouts there and they held up for the entire week of crafts.  The boys were happy with the rich colors, they were decorating brown paper towel tubes and the colors showed up great."
Great for the price.
Great quality. Priced right.
"Very nice oil pastel, super  smooth and creamy ! My toddlers and  teenagers love them.. Y really like the price :)
The only complaint is that  The color purple is not included  :/  my toddler try to make a  Rainbow  And we miss the last color of the rainbow"
vibrant colors!
"I have many brands of oil pastels, so I was completely surprised at the high quality and value price of these oil pastels. They have outstanding color intensity and are creamy but not too soft, and are easy to blend.

They create beautiful, vivid colors that are creamy smooth. The sticks are larger than most other brands; and, the price is unbeatable for this outstanding product.

These oil pastels are great for art teachers, too. Your students will love them. They are simply the best of the affordable brands that I have found anywhere so far. Highly recommend for your creative art work.

I received this product at a reduced price in exchange for my honest and unbiased review."
"I purchase oil pastels to use for sidewalk art. Other brands last longer and show up brighter without using the whole piece. There are a lot in this package with an awesome variety of colors. They are pretty small compared to the ones I prefer. However, If I were using these on paper or a canvas I'd like that they were smaller. The price is great so I'm going to give them 5 stars."
Good
Bought these for my mother and she loves them.
These were a gift for my kids.  They have been using Pentel Oil pastels in school for years but in the smaller sets.  They love having the color options that this 50 color set gives them.  Pentel is a quality product.  These oil pastels are easy to use and the colors are true.
"These pastel color set are great for the kids or anyone, they don't dry out like tube kind."
"Epic toddler birthday gift. Easy, cheap and always a huge hit. Toddlers love these because they are smooth and easy to use."
"My eight year old daughter fancies herself an artist, and she absolutely loves using oil pastels in art class. When she found out these were available in stores, she immediately began begging me to buy her some for her birthday. I chose this set because it was reasonably priced. The product is good quality, especially considering how afordable they are. The colors are bright and blendable. She has made some fabulous butterfly drawings with these pastels. I will definitely buy them again when she uses her set up!"
I love the assortment of colors in this set. I originally bought this set for my daughter but ended up kinda playing with them right along side her. They're nice and creamy and blend well. A very good value for the money too.
My 8 year old loves these. She uses them all the tine and is able to keep them very organized.
I bought this for my sister and she's been doing all kinds of art for me over and over
"Great Product, Great Price!!!"
"Second set I've gotten; this one a gift. I love these pastels, the colors are great and for the addon price of 3.98 yu just can't beat it."
The price was excellent.
Exactly as described!
"Great for a classroom set, but there is no purple. Mixing blue and red pastels together produces minimal, if any, real success. I would prefer to cut the gray, since that's pretty easy to make, and add purple. It is a good value, though."
"I love oil pastels but never had a set this large, so when I saw them on special price; they were a must buy. Unfortunately, Amazon packed them along w/a coloring book I ordered and a can of Catsure. The can punctured during transit and ruined both this and the coloring book. Thanks to Amazon's great policy; I was able to return the ruined items for replacements. As to this product; I've mostly used other brands and was excited to compare Pentel's to them. I'm happy to say that there colors are vibrant, go on smooth and don't leave a clump of crayon like some Asian brand's I've tried. So if not for the awful delivery experience (not Pentel's fault); I would have given the product a 5 star rating."
Great great set of pastels! Especially for the price!
I purchased these as a future Christmas gift after I found them on sale. So I have not used the product yet. But they look great and seems like a nice set. I will update after my son approves.
My art oriented 8 yr old feels these are great. I had to buy a second set for her - not too difficult considering that the product is on the inexpensive side.
"Well made as is most Pentel items, I liked the variety of color and the pastels were easy to use."
I bought this for my step-sister who is an elementary school art teacher. It was one of the Lightning Deals at Christmas. I got it for a very reasonable price and there is a TON of oil pastels inside of it. I am not sure why any normal person would possibly need that many of them but I know that it has come in really handy for her classroom since she has to buy some of the materials herself.
Great color choices for an artist. My daughter request these personality so that will tell you they are what someone drawing and coloring prefers. She enjoys both. For the price it's a great quality product.
So so
Bought this for my 8 year old grandson who loves crafts and he loves this item.
"These are great beginner pastels. They arrived on time and were in perfect condition. Nothing broken and the box was completely intact. The colors are vibrant but not as vibrant as they look on my screen. They are soft enough to blend together but again beginner quality. I would recommend them for young budding artists trying out new media or young kids. If you are an artist who is experienced in the media or similar media, this is probably not for you. These may also work well for some art Journaling type projects depending on your desired end result."
Its ok
Very cute and great value
love love love these. so excited to start doing pastels again.
"Got two of these. One for me and one for a birthday present for a friend's grand daughter. I have used these in the past and found them to be excellent oil pastels, so when  I saw the brand I was familiar with went for them. Not disappointed. Inexpensive compared to most of the others but very high quality, in my opinion."
Awesome Oil Pastels!! Normally I hate working with pastels but these make it fun :D
Good quality product
"We used these for my children to create their annual canvas. The effect is very interesting. I was impressed with how these held up, the vibrant colors they produced, and my children had such fun creating with them! I thought they would be used up quickly but we've created many more pieces and they are holding up!"
Great for beginners!  Love the quality and price. Thanks!
Amazing quality for the price.
I purchased these for my son who loves to draw. They are a great buy for any young artist who wants to experiment with oil pastels because they've outgrown crayons.
These are thin- better for 10 year old than younger child.
GREAT assortment. Good buy. I have really been experimenting and am happy with the quality.
"They can be a little, but overall i was satisfied with this and were beyond what i imagined for this price! Would recommend :)"
Great color selection and great price
they're great
"Very good product, durable, smooth writing, nice variety, reasonable price."
Great set for price (under 4 bucks) bought for my daughter who enjoys using oil pastels at school  however gave three stars b/c these have a very oily smell. They use the crayola brand at school which doesnt have that smell.
If you really want to product art I'd suggest a more expensive pair of pastels. Great for the price I guess but its on par with a crayon.
nice set for our nephew
"Probably one of the best values in all of art supplies. Very nice color. Slightly difficult to blend by hand, but a paper stub does the trick very well."
"I previously purchased these for myself quite awhile back, & recently re-ordered them for our little aspiring artist. They have worked well for us. While I am no professional artist I have tried several different brands of oil pastels over the years. I like these because they blend well & are a nice size in hand. This 50 count also offers a great variety of colors. And...they went nicely with her art themed gift bundle. =)"
"I grew up on using Pentel oil pastels so when I decided on wanting to purchasing pastels for my daughter, so I looked on Amazon and I found Pentels for less than $4. I don't ever remember pastels ever being that cheap... is this even legal??  I was ecstatic! After I bought it, waited 2 days and received it, I taught my daughter and her friend ""the rules of 3"" (which they told me their art teachers never taught them... I'm starting to think that I need to go teach art at their schools now....) . Needless to say, Pentel pastels are beloved by our family and friends. I've been using it since I was a tween, and I'm pretty sure my daughter and now my daughter's friend will be using it for a long time as well. Pretty happy with my purchase!"
great color selection.  smooth and flake free.  super price
"there are different levels of oil pastel.  These Pentels are perfect as a student grade pastel.  I use these with my students and supplement with the much higher quality and much more expensive Sennelier.  For most circumstances , these are a wonderful product and as a  professional artist, I keep them in my repretoire to use on my big projects as well as with my students."
The items were a gift and she loves them ;- )  thanks much very happy and will buy from again
Very nice oil Pastels with a good selection of values and hues
"These are a fun alternative to crayons. When my daughter was younger, she only liked markers because they were easier to draw and color with. She hardly ever touched crayons because of the application. When I got these I was excited because she began to love coloring. She used these so much that I had to buy another set shortly. Now that she is older these are still her favorite to color with although she uses crayons now without any complaints. These so have a thicker application that crayons and can smudge so you do have to be a little more careful with where you place the oil pastel but these are great. I even like to use them. Love the colors offered as well. I'd get these again in a heartbeat."
Pretty good. I haven't had the chance to use them much. But for the price you cant go wrong!
"Quick delivery. Good value 4 money, would buy again. Highly recommended"
good quality my daughter liked it
great product
"These are beautiful for the price! I was quite surprised at the quality considering how affordable they were. They are very vibrant colors, go on very easily, and blend or smudge exactly the way expect & want them to. I will definitely buy again!!"
Not terrible for the price but not greatgreat. A bit to waxy for my liking. I expected the pigments to glide onto the paper more smoothly. When used almost has the appearance of children's crayons. Although I was able to smooth it a bit with my fingers. Okay product would not purchase again.
Kinda cheap and crayon like.
"Nice inexpensive starter set! lots of rich colors, and ok workability - so happy with mine that I bought some for the kids in my extended family. Watching alot of YouTube oil pastel tutorial videos, & boy are we having fun now!"
great item for goody bags
Heavy chemical smell but I'm new to pastels so maybe they all have it? Don't blend very well. Will try mineral oil as suggested in another review. Colors are vibrant but probably won't use them much due to odor.
50 colors and cant beat the price!!!  GREAT BUY!!!
"Got these for my kids, 2 and 4 years. We love them. Plan to purchase another box once these are wrecked (won't be long now...) These are a little messier than crayons or colored pencils, but the colors are so vibrant, I felt like their creativity (especially the 4 year old) was sparked enough to be worth the extra clean up. So far no trouble getting marks off the table or clothing (I stain-treat everything...)"
It smells bad. I will not buy it again.
I have been using Pentel oil paste since I was in a kindergarten. It is like a blast from the past!
my child like it
Didn't charge my phone for more than an hour
so fun - high quality color
"Love this!!! bought this for my daughter, she having fun with it!"
I love these! They are really nice to use. The colors are very bright. Great selection in the colors.
"Buyer beware.  The photo for this item shows the thicker oil pastels.  I thought that was what I was ordering.  The pastels arrived, but they are about half the thickness of the other pastels.  Compare their photo to the photo of the actual product.  My daughter used a few of them already so unfortunately I cannot return the item."
These are very skinny and smell like chemicals.  Decent color and fairly smooth.
"okay quality. i didn't expect them to be perfect for the price, though. good quality for the price"
Great pastels. Def recommend them.
A great product for a great price. These pastels are pretty and easily blendable.
These pastels are great but the only problem i had was that they don't blend well with blenders you need to use the pastels to blend together and it made me waste them really quick but other than that it was a great buy for only about 7 dollars and also the colors didn't show up as dark as I would have liked but I could manage.
thx
Love them
"There were NOT 50 pcs. in the set I received, there were only 49. It even says 50 sticks on the box but only 49 colors, well there were just a total of 49 sticks period!

How well do they blend and the smoothness in which they apply? Well, for the cheap price, I will admit, they lay down nicely using a soft hand as they are indeed very waxy and soft. Blending is okay (suing a light hand), however, I got wonderful results if blended with vaseline or a very light layer of mineral or baby oil over the finished product!

If it were not for the missing piece when advertised as 50 I probably would have given them 4 stars, they definitely are not 5 star quality, but definitely a good buy for the price."
I bought two sets of these for my grandchildren but they were disappointed because when they opened them they noticed there were some colors missing from both sets . Otherwise it is a nice set .
Everything you could want and much more.
"My kids like it so much.. Just pay attention to your kids,  pastels can be broken easlilly and kids can eat it.."
The product arrived as advertised none of the oil pastels were broken and the box wasn't torn. I haven't used them yet but the quality seems nice for the price.
love it!!
Awesome!! Great Price!! Excellent Product!!
Very nice colors and high quality. Perfect for any aspiring artist.
love it!!!
This product is ACMI certified so I'm confident that it's 100% safe and effective. I really love its quality because it blends well with all colors and it produces good quality with your works. These pastels are really worth the price!
"received my package
thank you"
Not the best you can get but good for the price. Watch out if you use a lot of one color because you'll quickly run out with these.
"Unbelievable value. The colors are vibrant and the texture is soft and blendable. Excellent for beginner to intermediate artists. There is nothing in this price range, or even at six or eight times the price that compares."
Great Oil Pastels!! I'm a very happy customer!!
"I homeschool my 3rd grader and purchased this item for art lessons.  They are lovely.  The packaging, the quantity, the quality, and the price."
Wonderful addition to art supplies in my classroom. Kids love them.
https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0026SUCDE/ref=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_5
So fun!  Great vibrant colors.  I wish I could get them without the wrapper.
Not great pastels but I guess I shouldn't have expected much for  $5. I read the reviews and bought them based on the reviews but I'm writing my own review to say you get what you pay for. These feel very clay filled and do not blend very well at all.
great product
Turned out to be not so soft after all. But still able to use them.
My 9 year old child loved these. They are perfect for the beginner and the many colors for the price is exceptional.
Love them they were great
I always loved oil pastels as a kid so I purchased for my daughter. She loves them too. They are so vibrant and you get so many pretty colors. Enjoy!
"Wasn't sure if I would like these but they work well, blend well and were perfect for what I needed them for.  I would order again.  Very happy with these."
Its okay
"Nice quality, I am amateur ."
good.
Works great and at a great price. My 6 year old enjoys using them and if I am ever in the market for pastels again I will buy these.
These are very nice oil pastels.  There is a nice variety of colors.
very nice set
I bought these for my Daughter and she is loving them.
A good affordable pastel set. there are a good variety of colors and they are very blendable. These are non toxic too so kids can use them
arrived next day and exactly what i wanted.
Liked them. Thanks
great selection and flexibility
good for my son
These are great for beginners and intermediate. They are easy to use and have a great color spectrum to paint with.
My kids love them!
My 7 year old daughter loves these pastels. They are very smooth and blend well.  Makes beautiful art work.
I like the pastels except a lot softer than i thought they would be I do like how well they can blend
"beautiful set, exactly what I was wanting! Have not had chance to use, forgot to order pastel paper, but that will be here tomorrow! definitely recommend for the pastel artists out there!"
"I love the effects I was getting with them, so quickly realized that I needed more colors. This is a great set of basic oil pastels."
The oil pastels arrived on time and in good condition. They were well packaged and affordable. These are a gift for my daughter's 12th birthday. She is very pleased with them. This particular pack has a lot of various colors to it and she is enjoying them all.
Purchased to use in my first grade classroom.  The kids love the vibrant colors and they are much smoother to color with than crayons.  We are getting ready for art night and these oil pastels will take my students artwork to the next level.
"gift for an 8 year old, he really liked it."
Great - donated this to my  kid's school - the teacher loves them.
A great product. I will be repurchasing when the time comes.
"They are easy to use, the colors are amazing, and I cannot find anything wrong with them. I will buy some more when I finish this first set."
Love the color range and the price!
Great price and good quality
Worked great for my College Drawing class projects! ScarlettAlexandra on Instagram if you want to see more!
1
Vibrant color and easy to use. Exactly what I was expecting! Used to color the background of canvas projects I was doing with my children.
gift for granddaughter. nice.
Ease of use
great product and price
great value
Great and easy to use for an even more amazing price. Very very happy I purchased them. Hats off to the manufacturer.
Have a gasoline smell??
"Great value! This was by far the best deal we could find on oil pastels. The pastels are high quality, also."
I haven't tried these yet but I really do love that they come in a storage tray. They do look a lot smaller than what's in the picture though.
My son loves them.
Nice set
These oil pastel makes my life very  colorful and meaningful.
Excellent Deal!!! Great quality too!
"Nice color, smooth texture, my son uses these constantly.  They're a really nice quality for the price."
Daughter loved them.
"really good quality...didnt expect it at all....they are soft and are very easy to mix...
cons: a little smaller than expected.."
Great product and love the assortment of colors!! Draws and mixes well. Perfect for little and big people!
I bought this as a gift for a friend's very talented little girl and she was really happy with it. This product has an amazing price and it does the job. At least for beginner level artists this is more than enough for them to learn how to use Oil Pastels.
not mine
I bought these as a gift for my budding artist nephew.  He really enjoys making sketches with them.
Good basic set to start with
already working on some drawings love the ease of use.
"These were great for my daughter who loves to sketch without spending the money on the ""artist"" paints. These were great and have actually lasted quite a while. I have bought this for gifts as well."
I love these pastels. They come in different colors and are good quality.
Perfect for beginner painters
This is my 3rd set of these. Love the brand and quality for occasional art fun. We don't use these professionally but for fun art projects wight he kids it is perfect. They love the bright colors. The box is great for keeping things neat and tidy when storing away.
Nice for beginner
My girls are creating beauty all over the place!
"I can't remember how many their are of each color, but there are 28 kids in my son's class and their was enough of each color for them to all have one of each color. That is a major win in my book."
"THIS IS A GREAT PRODUCT, ORDERED TWO SETS, FOR MYSELF AND GRANDSON, BOTH BOXES WERE DAMANGED IN ORDER I RECEIVED TODAY, ALONG WITH ONE OTHER MAJOR ITEM."
"I got this because I recently wanted to try to draw with oil pastels and didn't want to spend too much money on anything without trying something out first.. I absolutely love this!! There are 50 gorgeous colors and they all write so nicely and is super smooth. This being only $5.98 is the best part. I really get to practice a lot with it and I was able to draw a lot of pretty pictures with it. The only thing I can say about it is that, the pastels are a little small, so it takes a little getting used to, but other than that this is amazing!!!"
My kids love using oil pastels so I decided to buy this so we don't have to worry about using them up anytime soon. We love them and use them regularly. They are perfect for kids artwork.
"I got these because of the great reviews but I was a bit underwhelmed. The color is vivid, but they are a but draggy and pilly. Not as smooth as I would,have liked. The price was really nice and they would probably be great for a beginner to start with."
"Just received these in the mail as well as the Strokes brand oil pastels and ripped out a piece of paper right away to try them.

First impression: packaging was well contained; some of the pastels were a bit messy but what do you expect from oil pastels and this price. The colors are so dreamy and vibrant. The texture was a lot more chalky than I expected. The Strokes brand went on the paper more smoothly and oily than this one but the Pentel did not have any shavings pop up on the paper after a few strokes. These pastels also took me a little longer than usual to smear out with my finger.

Overall awesome for the price oh my word! Excited to start working with them"
Arrived as expected. I like these colors tho I wish they were a bit softer. Overall pretty satisfied.
fast service .much appreciated
"Very great for a beginner set. I am 16 and this is my first time using oil pastels. I had to get used to them at first, but this is my first (unfinished) piece that I have created with this Pentel set. Very happy with the product. I must mention that I have had trouble blending with my fingers-- I've been just blending the pastels with each other and hardly using my finger."
my kids love it
"This is the second set I've purchased for my art obsessed 6 year old. She is very hard on them so they don't last super long. Moms beware that since these are soft, they will leave color wherever they fall. A small chunk got stuck to my daughters sock and we had a trail of purple throughout the house. Great packaging and great product."
great product and great price!
Fun time
exactly what I expected
They are amazing. The best quality ever. I wish I could give 10 stars ) 
Much smaller than I anticipated
Bright vibrant colours and easy to clean up.
Christmas present for my niece - she loved this and all her new art supplies.
perfect for the young artists.
"Excelent colors and sweet,  i love it"
"This set it's perfect, i've bough it formy sister, she's an art student in her first year, and loved it."
EXCELLENT
Perfect
Very dry and chalky. Doesn't adhere to paper very well.
"I bought this for my girlfriend since she was saying how she really wanted some, so when I asked her how she liked them after a few weeks, she replied with, ""I love them, they're great!"" From her report, they have a great colour range and work well. Not to mention they're a pretty good price. I looked around in a craft store, and this was a way better deal!"
"Amazing colors, and don't regret buying them :)"
Bought for my 7 year old and he loves these.  He started using them in his art class this year and the pictures come out so nice since you're able to really mix the colors with the oil crayons vs regular crayons.  Love this set and great deal for the price!!
My daughter really enjoys this set of pastels and if pleased with how well they work. I am impressed with the variety of colors in the set..
Good product !!
My daughter loves drawing with pastels. These were high quality and worked well. We also used them as hair chalk with great success.
"many colors, very nice. Thank you."
bought as a gift and my artist sister loved them!
"I enjoyed using these there are so many colors and they are smoother than I expected, they probably aren't true artist quality but for practice they work just fine in my opinion. Only complaint is that when I rubbed the colors to blend them out chunks of color rubbed off of my fingers and little bits that looked like eraser bits got onto me. So I have to be careful to watch where the bits go because they will stain easily. But since I've never used them before I have no idea if that is with every oil pastel or just the cheaper ones. Still not a big deal since they are such a good deal."
These are very good quality pastels.
These oil pastels came super fast I was a little worried that they would arrived broken or damaged but no! nothing like that happened they were perfectly fine all the colors are amazing I haven't use them on paper yet but I can tell they're going to be perfect there's great variety of each color and they look awesome!
"Great beginner set of oil pastels with very vivid colors. The colors blend easily (just make sure to layer on enough to get the material buttery) and they include two sticks of white, which I have found very helpful with all blending. What would have made this kit even better (though who can complain at this price point?) would be a colorless blending stick.

The one major downside is the selection of colors. I have the 50 piece set and while there are multiple shades of bright colors (for example, in the bright reds, there are red, crimson lake, scarlet, vermillion), the set lacks dark shades (e.g., there are no dark reds: mahogany, burgandy, etc.). As other reviewers have mentioned, this is helpful if you run out of one 3-inch stick, because there will be other ones that are so close in shade, but not so helpful that you simply don't have certain colors."
"These are gorgeous pastels but they are super small! I could not tell they were goung to be so small from the picture. They are about the size of an average crayon but I don't work with pastels often so this is good enough for me. If you use pastels often, i wouldnt recommend these unless you buy several of them!"
this was sent as a gift so have no idea.......it did arrive in great shape.
These are wonderful pastels! I love them and they are a great addition to my coloring addiction of late! Great quality and rich colors!
I have bought this item over and over. I have also given them away as presents. the colors are creamy and fully saturated and vibrant. I wish I had sets of pastels like this when I was growing up in Italy. No doubt they were available but at prohibitive prices.
"These crayons are perfect.

I got them thinking of my girl scout troop

we are always doing craft

this works much better than wax I don't have to push hard on them."
"Thes are great in the classroom.  I have noticed a difference in how the grip papers have been applied - these fall off really easy.  This poses a problem if you don't use wipes or have a hand wash station.  I am an obsessive wipe user in my classroom... so I don't care much about that, but if I didn't have a sink or access to wipes there would be a problem.  Colors are great and the kids love using them.  They blend well.  I haven't used solvents with them because I'm in elementary.  I will definitely buy these again!"
"very nice quality, color is very good, would buy again"
"Not as smooth as I hoped for, but works OK, still looking for that great oil pastel, so far Crayola oils are far better than the more expense ones I have tried for smoothness, blending and ease of use. Crayola just does not make enough colors."
Many chipped and broken pastels in the tray.
"bought this for my daughter, and she really loves using them."
"Christmas present for the boy. He'd never used pastels, so this is an affordable and comprehensive set to start him off."
I had looked for these as my son had a small package as a child. Pleased to find a large set. Like the coloring results but wish they had a pointed end.
A nice collection for the price
"For this price (under $7 for 50 pastels!), the quality is mind blowing. The colors are beautiful, very rich and oily, blending great. Try them, you won't regret it."
Excellent
very vibrant colors. my sister loves them
"Really nice oil pastels for the price. Bought them for my children to get them into softer oil pastels, they actually blend very nicely and while I am waiting for my professional set I have been using them and I am very happy that I got this set for my kids to start on oil pastels. The colors are very nice, will check and see if they have a bigger set."
"Quality of oil pastels is poor. In other words when you apply a pastel to paper or other surface it should easily transfer to the surface. Nope not is formula of oil pastel which is really hard to understand. So I using these pastels and when used up I will look at Winston or an in the store source
because this overseas source is not worth cost or the effort to return."
"Who doesn't want a great set of pastels? Pentel Arts Oil Pastels are definitely a classic must have for any young artist. I bought this set for my niece and was very tempted to keep the set for myself. The range of the 50 colors were very, very nice, and made me reminisce over childhood memories. It's a wonderful gift to give, or if you're looking to get started on pastels, work with this set. They're delightful!"
Purchased this pallet for my 7 year old. It was a requirement for school. Good low price.
"I just received these oil pastels today and only laid a few colors in a sketch pad to test them, and they were creamy and pigment-rich as advertised. Freshly applied, I could blend them a bit with my fingertip, but I favor using a damp turpentine soaked brush for blending this medium, on watercolor paper, Bristol or similar base system for this technique. They are good enough to impel me to order a couple more of these sets at this price. I am strictly amateur, and only play at fine art, but the brilliance of these colors, and their ease of use lead me to believe that they would work well for professionals as well."
Grandkids love them.  Purchased as a gift.
"So I have ordered these pastels twice, the first time they arrived on time and in amazing condition. They work great and are perfect for new artists and old alike. However the second time I ordered them (I ran out of the majority of colors so I figured I would treat myself to a new set) it appeared as though it had been opened and taped shut and all the pastels were crushed and almost useless. I requested a replacement so hopefully if this package arrives as expected and in good condition I can again have respect for this company."
Very happy
"Nice quality. Got these for kids who were interested in art after being shown these at school, but anyone could use them to make really nice art work."
Shipment arrived 2 days earlier than expected & the product looks great. My son haven't used it as yet but when he does I will come back and update you on the results. Thank you
"These are much thicker than we thought.  They would be good for a background, but now for the intricate pictures in many of the adult coloring books being sold today."
I am six years old and I love these pastels.  They blend together very well.  I love the pretty colors in the set. I like drawing with these pretty pastels. They are nicer than the ones that I use in my art class. I am so glad that I got these for Christmas. I think that these are very good pastels for a young artist.
Item (sketch pad) was more damaged than expected. Sorry I chose this item
Good product
Better than crayons for preschoolers. The vivid colors are more rewarding
"Compared to other oil pastels, this has superior quality."
"These oil pastels were more high-quality than I expected. They're really soft and have a variety of really nice, bright colors. My daughter loves using them for her art projects"
"Good quality, none of them were broken arrived two days ahead of schedule."
"I've been using and buying Pentel oil pastels since I was a child, all the way to projects in college. I love them, the are the right consistency and beautiful vibrancy for this medium and when you know what you are working with, you know how to create something you'll love. I got the 50 pack because I know that when you are working on a project, the pastels do tend to wear quick. For the price, this was a great deal and I would most definitely recommend these to all my creative friends."
"Great! Came on time, all pastels were there. Packaging was good, but a few of the pastels had slipped out of their places. Nothing broken, though. They're good quality, especially for the price. I'm sure my nephew will love them!"
These pastels have helped me expand my artistic endeavors. Great selection of colors!
"These will now be an art staple around our home. Rich, vibrant color."
very nice. great value product
Great starter set for my 7th grader!
"Mom was very happy to receive her oil pastels, its small enough to take to a picnic so she can do her art. With 50 colors at hand she can go out of town painting."
BEAUTIFUL.......
"all intact, vibrant colors!"
Smell strong but work great!
"After a lot of research, I decided to buy my son this pastel set. I am so glad I did. Amazing products and color variations. He and I both love this product. It has lasted us a very long time."
"I ordered these oil pastels after watching a video on YouTube teaching how to use oil pastels to beginners.  I have never used oil pastels before so I did not know what to expect. I do know that these worked nothing like the video showed.  I was looking for oil pastels that could be blended with my fingers, but these do not blend well.  I have tried Robin these on the paper softly, and even more hard, but they do not land when trying to smooth them out with my fingers.  The color on the page becomes a crumbly mess and leaves an  the oily chalky paint on your fingers.  I will have to figure out a different way to use these as I did order the 432 piece classroom set. I got these on a lightning deal for the price was very cheap. I am sure I will be able to use them in my art journaling in a different way than I had planned. Overall, for the price I paid for these  I am happy.  It would have been nice if they would have given more colors. In the 432 pieces I was only given 12 colors."
Daughter will love them
Great buy for the price.
Mon 8 year old son loved these--great price for product. Very happy.
Excelent
"These pastels are great for the price! They clump a little when you use them, but if you blend it they go away for the most part. There's a great array of colors."
These are more like crayons...
It's great thank you it  came in good condition
Bought these for my wife because her old pastel set was getting worn right out.  This kit hold double what her last pack held and she has a hard time fitting it into her artist's stand but she does really like this set apart from that.
Better price and good product.
"I am a beginner with the oil pastels and I must say, I like coloring with oil pastels! the blending is superb and the colors are nice and bright!! I would recommend these for anyone who loves to color!!"
Any child who loves art will enjoy these pastels!
"I ordered your product for patients here at our hospital.  I know any toys, games, books, art, etc. are very much appreciated by our patients and families.

Thank you"
ok
"I purchased this set as a gift for my seven year old niece. I thought the price was exceptional for the variety of colors which were included. However, when it arrived, I immediately noticed that it was made in Thailand. Nowhere on the box does it say it is 'non-toxic'. Another reviewer pointed out that on the back of the box there is a ACMI rating label, AP which stands for 'Approved Product'.  I had to use a magnifying glass to find the 'AP' label on the reverse side of the box.  I did not feel comfortable giving this set of oil pastels to a young child, so I donated it to my local church thrift shop.  Therefore, I cannot attest to the quality of the pastels.  However, if you are looking for a non-toxic set of pastels, I would suggest that you purchase another product."
My girl said real good
GIFT
"I'm trying to master every art style using this medium, so I can prepare myself to other difficult mediums such as oil painting and charcoal."
Hope they give good color-its a gift!
"First time using oil pastels, it didn't come out as awesome as everyone else s, probably because I used it on canvas, but overall it is very easy to use and blends with other colors beautifully. I recommend this product for first timers as myself."
My son loves it. Her teacher asked his for the art class as colours are very bold.
A great starter set for learning to use pastels! We love it!
Ah!! They're the same brand I used for my AP portfolio!
awesome
"Very nice set, good range of colors, high quality pigments. I very much enjoy using them."
"Xmas present so hoping to be a big hit! Quality looks good, colors vibrant!"
"Was tempted to give it 5 stars, but I really can't as I have nothing to compare it to. This is my first purchase of pastels and Pentel products have always been good. As a beginner, I am pleased with this set."
Just as described. Good quality
The best
Great price for the pastels.
Great pastels.
I did not like these that much for a major project. Maybe if you are learning pastels or need something cheaper...but they didn't work for what I was intending to draw that was meant for oil pastels...They didn't last me long. But its a good cheap starter set.
Excellent Beginning pastel set with good selection of colors.
Worth every penny
"The colors go on well, but I wanted oil pastels that could be smudged or blended. When you try to blend or smudge these with your fingers they turn chalky, some of the color on the page becomes crumbly, and the reside on your fingers is like wet chalk. Maybe this is typical of inexpensive oil pastels?? If all you want to do is color with them, you should be happy."
"My little sister had gotten into art a lot lately, and has been begging for oil pastels. I wouldn't recommend this for any professional artists, but as a 7 year old child, she was very content with this product! For the price, you definitely get what you paid for. Her art has improved, but these are still her go-to pastels!"
Fantastic.
Wow these are perfect for beginners. I never knew such a large amount of quality and cheap art supplies existed. Very fun.
"Great assortment of colors.  This is a gift, so cannot comment on quality yet."
"Cheap but good. You get a lot of bang for the buck with these. They are fun without going broke buying them. I like using them on Mi-Teintes paper. You need to apply the oil pastels in layers for a good look, usually layers of 2 or 3 colors. If you just put one layer it's going to look scratchy with the paper showing through. Look on youtube for techniques. I gave it 4 stars out of 5 because some of the colors aren't very opaque on dark paper, and this is a student grade oil pastel. I like using oil pastels because it's a simple, clean way to get to create colored art without making a mess like acrylic or oil paint. Plus it's challenging to make a satisfactory artwork with oil pastels. I like that challenge. I just get these out sometimes and mess with them for fun. But lately I'm starting to get a little more into oil pastels and I'm thinking about making complete oil pastel paintings. I wouldn't get a set of any oil pastels or pencils that has less than about 50 colors, because when you buy a set of about 24 colors or less, you just don't have enough colors to do what you want."
"I love the look of this set.  Can't open it because it is a Christmas gift.  Each piece is not very large.  I didn't like that, but the array of colors is so great and that I really like.  Since I can't open it I can comment on how well they go down on the page.  Sorry.  The price was right."
These are exactly as I expected they would be.
My kids love them.
Daughter loves the paint (14 year old) perfect for any art lover
"Cannot say I am an art expert or by any means a world class artist.  Use these for creating home made cards and other things for sending to relatives kids or just whatever other little art project may come up.  this is a nice set of Pastels, good colors and come in a nice case to keep them organized and in good shape.  Very happy with the purchase and they have been put to some good use so far"
No complaints
Wonderful Creativity Enhancers. Blend well.
"Excellent quality pastels as I expect from Pentel. Nice range of color. Wish there was more black and white, they always go fast!"
good price
"I do not recommend these. They are very poor quality, but that's not much of a surprise when they cost only $5. I bought them based on reviews saying they were good. However, they crumble and get everywhere ruining whatever you're attempting to make with them. Also, they are VERY tiny, smaller than a crayon."
great crayons  for art class at a good value.
Great price and vibrant colors. Really wonderful to use
I received my order yesterday but the pastels have a weird smell to them. Is it normal for the pastels to have a gasoline like smell to them?
I am new to the world of oil pastels and these are great for me as a newbie.  There is such a variety of colors that it makes learning this art a lot of fun.  Since some colors are close it's easy to blend them as I'm learning.
grandson is having a great time
"This is a gift so I haven't used it, however, the quality and size of this package for the price is phenomenal. Very pleased and would buy again."
"Love the vivid colors and darker shades too. Have been using them for art projects my mom is doing. She has dementia and loves the bright colors to draw abstract drawings. I love to use the colors in various shades with different shapes and designs in my drawings. Price is good. Finger tips do get dirty, but that's okay because the pastel colors wash off easily. Have to be careful to not press down too hard on paper because the oil pastels break easily. Recommend this product for all ages."
Awesome Got them for an amazing price
good
Awesome pastel set. Easy to use and has a great color variety. Love it
Blending and overlapping the colors was easy. The drawings turned out wonderful
"You get what you pay for. If you want professional quality, this isn't it. But if you're new to using it, it's not a bad starter set"
"Have not used it , but I believe I will like it"
my girls beg for the oil  pastels vs crayons. They are so rich in color.
Nice set
"I'm not sure how much better a more expensive set of oil pastels would be as these are the first I've used. I think these are a great choice. The colors are rich and varied. They are easy to blend with blending tools, fingers, and mineral spirits. For personal use I would highly recommend trying these out."
Kids love them . Works perfectly and price is good
"I like the pastels but they are what you pay for, they work for the moment."
"Any problems I might have are with the medium in general, not this brand. Smooth, creamy, easy to apply, good colors. Now I just need to learn how to use them! Would definitely purchase these again."
"As good as any other oil pastels I've used, but this one has a bit of an odd smell."
ok
"Soft and blend well. Neat case. Nice size for small hands, especially for kids."
Excellent for the elementary school classroom.  After drawing your picture if you use a little baby oil on a cotton swab to wipe over your picture the results will blow your students minds.
"Oil pastels are so enjoyable to use, and this set is extensive enough to allow for a lot of artistic work!"
Excellent product...items dt feel stale or worn...paint feels fresh
"Bought this at first to do a quick art project but when I tried it out, i was instantly in love with it! I love the full, vibrant colors and they're very blendable."
Ordered these for a friend who does an art class for the elementary school. Just what she needed. Nice set.
I must say that these blend very well when you use your finger. I mean once you got enough layers these blend like butter. Pretty good pastels for starters. Don't get intimidated because you probably used these back in school when you were a kid or teen. Once you learn techniques on how to layer and blend you will be surprised how well these work. I will definitely buy again.
These work great. Many colors to choose from.
"I bought them for my 8 year old daughter.  We have not opened them yet.  The packaging is nice, and the colors are pretty.  Can't wait to use them with her."
I've tried so many oil pastels and this is the only one I kept buying again and again.  It blends really well and so smooth to use.
I've never used oil pastels before.  Love the vibrant colors!
Very nice product
great assortment - my twins love these!
This set is great quality and value.
"For my wife, she loves it!!"
Arrived as expected.
i can't believe for only $6 you can get such good quality pastels .. great for beginners !
Great set of pastels especially for the price
"This is just what I was looking for.  It is a gift but will be perfect, I'm sure.  Very prompt in receiving it as scheduled."
"It was great
I am very happy with the service"
"This is a huge set, but well worth the excess. Just pack sandwich bags with 1 of each color and you'll have a bunch of pastel sets to hand out. This is a great deal."
Great array of colors and blends fairly smoothly
Good price but remind me more of crayons. Was not very blendable nor could you really color over colors to get better detail. But you can not beat the price.
"Ergh, these did not excited me.  The application was greasy and not easily blend-able."
"I got these from my mom for art classes at school.
-The colors are great
-There is a large variety of beautiful colors
-It comes neatly organized
However, these oil pastels were surprisingly TINY! 6 cm by less than 1 cm.
-Oil pastels are very much like crayons or chalk. They are NOT OIL PASTELS!
-not smooth, very rough
-results in awful blending
I was very disappointed to receive this. I expected better quality products from Pentel.
If you are looking forward to get an A or A+ on your art project, I recommend something else, perhaps Prismacolor. This kind of pastel will get you a B. If you are lucky, you may get a B+ or A-."
good!
Fast shipping and is exactly what it was described as
"People who are complaining obviously are not experienced with the medium or the tools a painter uses. This brand and set is ment for kids in the classroom, not hobbiests, not artists or serious use. Given that I think they are just fine and a great price. Dont buy as a gift, by for the kid or for play. These are not made to blend easily. Use a liquid thiner and brush, palete knife, or apply thinly with lots of layering on the proper paper, canvas or board. kids may need suprvision to avoid breakage or waste."
The variety of color is astounding! The quality is what I have to expect and appreciate from pentel.
"I love these little pastels! They have a plastic top that when covered, the pastels slide back into the cardboard sleeve.
I received mine in perfect condition with none broken.

There are 49 different colors, with 2 white ones included for a total of 50 sticks. At the base of each stick, written on the label, is the identifying number and name of the color. Helpful if you're almost to the end of a color and need a replacement.
I am no artist. I'm more of a ""stick people"" kinda drawer. But give me stencil or an outline, and I am pretty good with blending colors at an acceptable level :)
These pastels blend very smoothly. It's all about the amount of pressure you apply. Better 3 light strokes than 1 heavy. I've used them on standard printing paper and heavy cardstock and I had good results with both.

For my needs they are a perfect assortment at a perfect price."
Great product
"I'm giving it 3 stars. Love the variety of colors it came with but the quality isn't great. Specifically, they are not smooth at all. Just a step above crayons.
If you are just beginning and do not want to spend a lot of money, go for it.
But if you'd like to do something a little more intricate, you'll have to spend a little more."
"Too messy, and it left a lot of residue (crumbs)."
We love them very much. Perfect for the work that we are doing.
amazing for the price
"Extremely great price and quality. We use these for homeschool and were/have not been disappointed. Nicely packaged, and don't wear out or easily wasted too quickly."
Very good price and fast delivery
Good Pastels with affordable price. Soft and good color density.
A great set. Much loved.
Very nice set up. Working very well.
Very good product!
Very happy with my purchase! Weather here at this time of year is 99+degrees. My package arrived on time and in perfect condition! No melted pastels!! And the quality is great from Pentel Arts! Will definitely order again!!
A bit chalky and not as smooth but pretty legit for the price
Love the size of this pack!
"For the price they were good for what I ordered them for, which was my 8 year old grandson who loves art and is trying new and different mediums. But not professional quality but any means."
Good
great for beginners and great price. Delivery was excellent and on time/early!
"I have always wanted to try oil pastels when I got the chance to review them I jumped on it.  To me, they felt like crayons I was surprised by the beautiful colors that were there.  It was easy to apply them to the canvas that I chose.  I blended colors together and made different tints.  I had a lot of fun using these.  But alas, the artist is not in me and I would starve trying to live on my drawings.

I was given a discount for this product for my honest unbiased review.  This is 100% my thoughts."
Great for tiny artists.
my daughter came home from school and was so excited that they had gotten to use oil pastels at school. She was so excited that I actually decided to look for a set for her and I to use here at home! This it was great had a wide array of colors to choose from which she loved and I love the fact that fact the box was easily closable in the trunk didn't fall out when it was accidentally tipped upside down. We had purchased a small set of a different brand before in the top was just covered in plastic so they kept spilling all over the place and I was constantly trying to clean up messes! These are going great quality pastels and I would recommend them to anyone the best part was the price was amazing!
"These work pretty well. I'm 21 and I'm going to school as an art major, so I bought these to use to explore pastels and I'm very pleased. They blended pretty well once I got the hang of the medium. It has a pretty good selection of colors so I was never unable to find or at least mix the color I needed. I actually managed to make some artwork that I could be proud of with these."
Great product thank you.
Just right
Amazing great quality
"These oil pastels are GREAT for beginners. You get a wide variety of colors at such a cheap cost. My sister is just starting out on these to color up some black and white printed paper she has so that we don't have to go buy a color printer instead. They are easy to use and the colors look great. Of course, these are very short so I suspect I will have to buy another set soon as backup. Definitely don't put a lot of pressure on them as they look easily snappable, but they are great for big pictures and blend well from what I've seen. It's definitely a great set for people who can't afford the more high quality branded oil pastels and to experiment with in case you want to see if oil pastels are something you want to continue using."
"Haven't had a chance to try these out, but hoping to have good results..."
This is a nice big set with a huge color selection. Perfect for a young beginner.
"The pastels are quite good for beginning with. The best thing I like about this set is they have two white pastels, which is extremely important..I painted the attached picture with these product."
I loved them they paint perfectly
Love it!
I love these pastels.  The set offers a great variety of colors.  I use them in an art therapy class and the participants have been very pleased to have them as an option.
Bright and brilliant colors. I love the shades and the price was really good. They do have a funny smell but I have never had oil pastels before so I am assuming that is the norm.
"These oil pastels are good for beginners, but a little dry. I can see how oil sticks would be better having more oil in them by using these though, a good buy to find out if this medium is for you."
Great pastels!  Fun to experiment with!
Not at all what I expected.  They don't blend well at all and it isn't easy to layer one color on top of the other.  When the pastel is applied to the paper it forms little clumps of pigment which kind of resemble soft molding clay.  Very disappointing.
Worked great!
"Good products, but several were broken during shipping"
Good price good quality
"MY SON LOVES THESE!! Mostly because they are whats used by art hub for kids youtube art tutorials, of whom he is a huge fan!!! But also, they are just plain great artist quality coloring tools. Nice rich color, good blend-ability. If they're a bit bigger (They are only about the size of a half crayon and about the same circumference if not a bit thinner. even still, if they had a tapered drawing edge, like a crayon, I would give them 5 stars. They take a bit to get into a workable point for any sort of detail work - as each end is completely flat like the bottom of a crayon. Otherwise, they are brilliant. Literally and figuratively! Great product"
"Hello, very nice stuff.  Thank you."
Great value set and great quality. The colors go on so smooth and the payoff is amazing. You won't be disappointed. whether you r starting out or you are a pro and don't want to spend much then this set is for u. I highly recommend it.
Excellent!!!! Love love love!
Great quality at a terrific price !
"The color variety and quality of these can't be beat for the price. These are a great addition to our craft supplies, because I can use an ""adult"" item and my son can also color with these or his own crayons and they won't make a huge mess. The colors appear bright and clear on paper and go on smoothly."
"Excellent quality, really great for blending!"
Great quality
Excellent as always.  My little budding artist loves these.
Pasrels??????
My nephew likes it a lot.
We will have alot of projects. Coming up.
Nice
More like crayons
"Great price, lots of colors, it was just what I needed"
Bought as a gift. Its like it says. Decent product. Would buy again as long as price stays reasonable.
"Cheap and good quality, many colors, love it, great bang for the buck."
They get the job done.
"My daughter loves these pastels, good deal"
Great pastels for my 8 year old artist. And great price!!!
Great Pastels and a wide range of colors.
Purchased for an artist friend and she loved this oil pastel set.
"Pretty good pastels, lots of colors to choose from"
"loved them, great buy!"
"I do liked, nice colors."
"Very nice set, good for starter kit."
"you may think oh ill get this cheap, but don't buy there small in size and they run out quickly"
My daughter really loved this product. She is having a blast with her drawings while using the pastels.
top quality pastels
"Great set for the beginner, which I am.  Good mix of colors."
"This was a great set with several colors. I was surprised that they were as nice as they were because they were on the ""cheap"" side. They would be great for beginners or for even the most advanced artist."
good selection and vibrant color they are awesome
These are the best! Fast delivery too!
My girls love these
"I wasn't sure how well this oil pastels were going to work out, I thought they were going to be thicker, they ended up being a lot more powdery like soft or chalk pastels. Overall good for certain projects."
"I am primarily a pencil and charcoal artist but am trying to branch out a bit.  I tried painting but I feel a deeper artistic connection when I am able to use my hands more than tools. I have no experience with any other oil pastels to compare these to and I've never taken an art class in my adult life, but I really enjoyed Pentel Arts Oil Pastels. The colors blended beautifully and I was able to create something and get my hands messy. The mess was an easy clean up and washed off of clothing and skin easily. I am planning on ordering a second set to have on hand and for the price, I don't know that you can beat these."
"I got these for my seven year old niece, who's taking an art class. She just loves it and is thrilled with all the colors."
"For the price - yes, it's okay.  The colors are fine.  The pastels, however, are not soft - so if you want a sharp line - these do that very well.  They blend, but not well or easily.  Use a light touch if you want to obscure any edges.

The color palette is rather chaotic.  I'd be more impressed if the colors were on a spectrum and were compatible with one another.  These seem a grouping of colors in small sets placed in the tray.  So, they aren't necessarily well matched for any one project.  But for an odd color here or there and for that line you want defined, it should do the job."
Great class set. It comes with a nice variety of colors for students to begin with. It also provides them with an opportunity to learn how to blend colors to get other colors being that you have to create purple since it doesn't come as a color in the set.
I can't say enough good things about this item.  It was a great buy and a quality product.
Great color and great price
Smaller than I thought they would be. Crayola makes much larger ones but for the price no one else gives this many pastels for so cheap. Crayola gives 24. So for the value of hiw many colors you get despite their size this is an awesome deal. As for the quality they seem great. I will be buying more in the future for sure.
great colors and value.
I love these and I have expanded my range as an artist because of them...
Good product!
Great pastels for beginners.
wonderful classroom set
"I just LOVE this palette! So many very vibrant colours, and it was shipped and delivered before expected! Would highly recommend!"
"First, I will say that I am in no way a professional artist, just a hobbyist who enjoys different mediums.

I had been looking at some of the more professional type pastels, but couldn't justify the money. These got great reviews for a cheaper brand, so I figured they would do what I needed them to do. I was previously using a cheap brand from Kroger that seemed to be more waxy like a crayon and didn't blend well, so hence the need to upgrade.

Based on the reviews, I was disappointed when I tried these. While the color selection is very good, and they are more firm than I would have expected (so they will last a little longer), they really did not blend any better than the cheap ones I was already using. Here you will see my comparison and the different methods that I used to blend them.

Overall, you get what you pay for, and since I only spent $6, its not a big deal, but they are not as great as I would have thought."
"We just opened the box and several of these pastels were broken. Outside of broken merchandise,  this product is very nice."
My son love it !! Great item and good price
Great deal on great pastels. Love the variety of colors. I bought these for my kids and they love them. Easy to use and blend well.
"They feel nice, they are smaller than what I was expecting but you can't beat it for the price. They feel a little bit dryer than I thought they should be but they still work perfectly. Now the colors.... they are AMAZING, vivid and beautiful array of colors!!!"
These were much smaller than expected. About crayon size. They go on very smooth. Beautiful colors. I would purchase again and would recommend to others.
bought as a gift for an artist friend who had never tried pastels.. He loves working with them now and said they shipped to him fast. I want to buy a set for myself soon...
Great selection of colors! Me & mi daughters love this Oil pastels :D
These are excellent and top quality.
Purchased this for my child and she loves it. The price was great and these are all standard size pastels.  Great item!
"Well I finally tried these pastels.  When I try to blend colors together with my fingers, there's a lot of rubber like debris that forms.  It's the pastels just balling up under my finger.  It's very frustrating."
Its nice cause it so many for so little of the price..but there kinda small like smaller then your pinky and it came in all messed up but none broken. A good wipe and hopefully the colors aren't to mixed in each other.
"The pastels got shook up quite a bit in shipping, so the white plastic tray is all marked up. Nice pastels though"
I ordered these to use with an adult coloring book. I found they were too soft for my needs. I may have ordered the wrong thing. They may be more suited for someone actually using them to draw.
excellent
Very sweet set and a great price.
"These are great OIL pastels. I admit, I was looking for chalk pastels and didn't pay enough attention before ordering. But for what they are, they're good quality, with rich color saturation."
The set didn't have pinks and purples which are necessary for spring art projects
Nice set!
Used these to put into party favors for an art birthday party. The kids enjoyed them but beware-- they don't seem too washable!! I worked pretty hard to get it off of clothing.
Daughter requested as the best cost/quality value.  Delivered promptly and as advertised.
"I'm a beginner with oil pastels, so this was perfect for me. Very affordable and a great variety of colors."
THIS IS FOR A FRIEND
is very good...
"just took up drawing and using pastels so this kit is great. 50 beautiful, rich colors. easy to use, nice case, good colors. great for beginners"
Great price and quality!
Excellent. Delivery on time. Thanks
Awesome oil pastels. They blend great. Not good for coloring small spaces bc of the flat surface but not a big deal . Colors are very vivid and bright. Love love love them! Definitely buy these!!!!
Was as described.
It was a very good deal for the money. The colors were vibrant and they were a very good quality product. They work well on multimedia paper and regular paper.
Great oil pastels for beginner artist.  Blends easily.  Suitable for young elementary age child.  Second time purchasing this item.
Daughters are enjoying it.
"These pentel pastels are actually pretty good for there price.
I really like them, they work really well for my projects."
Perfect set for my 10 year old.
"Great variety, great colors, and even pretty good quality for a great price. Very pleased."
Great
Daughter loves these pastels. Work great on paper. nicely made product.
Offers multiple colors and great for Oil drawings
It is not what I had in mind ... but will use it ..
Bought this pack for my bestfriend for Christmas. She loves them and has drawn amazing pictures with them. Very good quality pastels.
BEAUTIFUL!! You can mix these on your gesso canvas with coconut oil and they are simply stunning!! 5+
Excellent product
LOVE it.
"My oil pastels arrived in a well packaged box with cushioning, no broken sticks. The colors are rich and blend well, exactly as I expected. There added two sticks of white. Great price, great service."
These are really great oil pastels. The colors are gorgeous. I would recommend them to anyone who wanted to try oil pastels.
fine
Perfect ty
colors are very pigmented just hard to blend but for the price excellent and shipping was fast
The indivdual oil pastel was smaller than I expected.
Great gift for the artists in the family.
"These have foul odors but the colors are nice to look at. A few sticks have rolled out from their slots, causing some displacement on an other-wise neat package. I personally prefer to use soft pastels because those are easier to blend colors. With time, I hope I can learn oil pastel technique, but for now they are really time-consuming to color with! I am not liking the tortillons that I have to use with these sticks."
I AM AN ARTIST WHO USES MULTIMEDIA-INCLUDING PASTELS.  THIS PRODUCT IS EXCELLENT!!
works great
Great kit for your budding artist. I like that there are lots of colors that the kids can blend together. Definitely not meant for a professional
"These oil pastels are very thin, but are quite pigmented. It's not too difficult to layer the color on top of each other, and has a nice selection of colors (I bought the 50 color set one)."
i love it
easy to work with and quite smooth.
Great quality.
Awesome buy!
Love oil pastels ! And love this brand I wish it came with 2 blacks though
"Great for classroom sets - ordered 8 sets for my 30 students, they love them!  Try using them in conjunction with watercolor."
Very good
cool
Very nice. Thanks.
"I love these ill probably end up
Getting them again it's really good for beginners. I just started with pastel oils and I love it more than water color pencils."
Splendid product
Nice starter set. Great selection of colors.
"Great value, and great quality. Fast shipping"
a
These were horrible!!! They are not pastels they are cheap crayons. Don't waste your money. Not even close to pastels and they don't even blend whatsoever. These are crap
My 10-year-old loves these and makes beautiful drawings.
"Good value - I got the 50 color set and very pleased with the color palette. The sticks are a bit waxy which results in some flaking. However, I recommend to use a smoothing stick and a little oil - I use olive, coconut or even sesame (which probably tints the outcome) but coconut or linseed oil work well - with careful blending to avoid smudging, one can make these last; and 50 colors allows for a wide range of options making these a good value."
good set for a kid or a mild hobbyist
Love!!  Plus excellent price!!!
pleased
"Smooth delicious creamy application, gorgeous color, and great price!"
Such a good deal these guys do u a solid most glorious
"Great product, great price and fast shipping"
Amaaazing :)))))) <3
love the color variety and the price. the work beautifully
very cool
Made a great gift
"This is worth the buy. I cant even begin to say how great this was considering that pastels are usually expensive and sometimes the results are not that great, however this was worth the buy. definitely coming back when these run out."
good product
Great quality oil pastels with lots of colors!
Great for my kids classroom.  Needed a bigger set and these worked perfectly.
I've created so many great pictures with these. High quality and great storage package
"Very nice, they have a"
"Got this for my niece, she enjoyed them very much."
these were perfect for my artist daughter
Exactly what I expected fine quality
No better product for the price. Great for beginner amateurs like myself.
"great price, great quality"
a lot of fun for my girls
Good package of colors for the money. Little cheap but solid overall.
"Great set, great price!"
The pastels are great. Just make sure to buy extra white pastels because you'll end up running short on white very quickly
Trying out new oil pastels for my new-found hobby. These are not bad at all for the price. I used a bright paper for the painting I did with these.
"I was giving this to my friend as a gift and he loved it! At first I was worried the pastels would break or chip, but they were safe and snug in their package. The box comes pre-wrapped in cellophane, and nothing was out of place. Shipping was fast, too!"
"This is an awesome collection of pastels!  Lots of colors for the price, and since I typically use them just for highlighting and embellishing other pictures, the smaller size of the crayons is perfect.  Great quality too."
"The pastels were not secured well inside the packaging/shrink wrap. When I opened the shipping package and removed the box of pastels, it was bulging from the pastels coming out of their respective slots and grouping together above the tray. Needless to say, the brand new, clean pastels I expected were not what I received. The pastels were rubbed together, and the colors were not clean. There was black, red, and other noticeable colors all over the white, and the rest of the colors were the same. They were all rubbed together and the colors were all mixed. I wasn't very happy with the product when I received it."
Bought this for my daughter.  She says it's perfect!
I got these for a friend. She loves drawing with pastels. She loves them and continues to ask for more.
Excellent
smooth
Brilliant colors which apply smoothly.
"I was amazed by this deal. This was cheaper than the pack of 48 I got at the art shop. I was concerned about quality, but was not disappointed with these. I wouldnt let my children use mine, but with such a great deal they have their own box now!"
A++++
Works as advertised.  Be sure to give ample time for the glue strips to adhere (one day).  I placed it in our bathroom so that my granddaughter can watch her movies while bathing.
Work great
the pastels break easily.
"My daughter adores this set of oil pastels. Pentel Arts pastels always have loads of pigment and a smooth, blendable feel."
"Good quality colors, great for the price ($6)"
Very happy with these!! Just what I was looking for!! =)
Great price and fast delivery love it.
The kids loved them - are learning and their teacher was impressed.
Lots of colors. Really just a crayon
"Blends okay, I am anxious to try it out on a new painting"
Daughter loves them!
Nice & cheap too
Great set for the price
Great price
I love it.
Simple oil pastels
The kids have loved this set.  As a non-prescribed usage my children have discovered they can be used to add hair highlights that wash out after a couple of showers.
Daughter loves them! shipped fast!
Wonderful set! Perfect gift for any young artist! Highly recommend!
Bought these for my 8 year old niece who is a budding artist.  She loves them!
Great gift for my nephew and would TOTALLY buy again. Great reaction when I wrapped the package so he'd rip into it just right.
Nice bold colors with smooth application.
Happy with purchase
"it's size is small , I expected...."
Great variety
Nice product.
"Very pleased, colors bright, blend well, crayons are sturdy......"
my kids and I love these!! best purchase for art enthusiast kids!
"Nice set, and blends great."
"I got these for my daughter who is a budding young artist.  She uses them often and loves them.  They are great quality for the price! None have broken,  and my daughter has been known to be a little hard on things.  They don't break easily and the colors are rich and beautiful.  Makes me wish I were a better artist so I could use them too!"
She loves them!
They were all over the box.. Must've moved during shipment
my grand daughter loved the colors but thinks they'll wear down quick
Its Worth the purchase! Gives you all 50 and comes in a good amount of time!
My son likes it.
Arrived as expected. A gift.
"I am a beginner and was told by friends who are better artists than me that Pentel Oil Pastels are a good quality set of pastels. I am glad I listened. I love the rich vibrant colors and makes me feel free to experiment freely as the cost is affordable. I also found out Pentel is a reputable company in Japan with global operations including the USA and Thailand.

I have the set with fifty pastels and for me this is plenty of colors to choose from. They are soft, so use with gentle strokes and it might break if you treat them hard. I attached a small pastel drawing I did with this set - yes I am just a beginner so it is not much but it shows you the colors of this pastel. Thanks for reading my review!"
I go these because I wanted a large color palette to add to some of my more expensive pastels. It's got a great cross section of colors for the price.
what I expected..
Has beautiful range of colors and promotes creative design in children.
Nice for beginner or as fill end
Fantastic price for a high quality set. I bought a second set after receiving the first.
HUGE set. Much bigger than expected!
exactly what i expect in oil pastels not pastels labeled and then are just crayons .. i will be buying these again when i use all these up .. i love how smooth they work with the pastel paper i bout and ease of use is just lovely ..
Great product !
Very good and useful for children. My goddaughter loves it.
Smooth and creamy! Blend so simply and the color pallet terrific! Pentel is a great Brand!
Love these! Very good for art!
"nice colors, w/ some odd odor though."
"These pastels aren't the best but neither am I as an artist. I got this set to help me learn the basics so that I won't waste more expensive material later on.

From using these while trying to learn from videos, I have noticed that this set of pastels has paper around each color unlike others I seen in other peoples' boxes. I took the paper off each one I used so that I could do a side sweeping motion and noticed when I switch back into holding it like a pencil, you will get it on your hands. That's fine pastels are messy,

They blend easy with your finger however there is a limit for blending, too much you will need to try and take off with your blending stump. I suspect you won't need to do this if you apply a fixative and plan for that attentional color.

My pastels arrived quickly and double plastic covered, so none of mine fell out or touched each other.

While they do use quickly, you have the option of ordering more for a cheaper price or trying a higher price brand if you wish. This set won't make you go broke and will truly blend."
a+
"Awesome!  My third graders LOVED using them for their art project.  Blended nicely.  All pastels arrived in the correct slot, no broken pastels.  Great deal for the money!  Wish they had chalk pastels like this I would buy them too!"
"I just got it and the colors are very nice! For 50 of them for only $6 is probably the best deal (for this quality) I have found. The day before I saw these, I went to a local art store (Jerry's Artarama) and oil pastels were too expensive. I am also a beginner so I wasn't going to spend $50 on only a 25 set. So I am super happy I found these :]]] Just look at some of the colors!"
nice pastels.
This is an excellent deal for new and old artists alike. I got these for my son for college projects.
"Good product, I like it."
"I'm new to oil pastels and saw this deal. Got the 50pc. set for $4.50 after the $1.00 coupon amazon provided. Haven't tried them out yet but they look good. Only thing that is a small problem, listing says 50 ""color set"". The one I received is a 50 pc set, 49 color."
"These are surprisingly good!!!!  I bought them as an add-on thinking they are only $6 so why not try them out.  I am so glad I did.  If you are looking to get started or just want some cheap oil pastels to practice with, try these.  Very smooth and soft.  I just bought two more boxes to have extras."
"Not what I expected, but I still have other media to try it on to see if it delivers as advertised."
Great for my classroom
very big variety  on colors
This are nice quality and fun to use as part of mixed media art
My grand-daughter loves them...
These were phenomenal!! I was able to mix some of these without getting everything smudged and dirty and the colors blended quite well. I will definitely be buying these again :)
great!
"very nice set of oil pastels, my granddaughters will love them"
good
Everything good.
Work perfect!
Christmas gift I know my daughter enjoys it
"I rarely use Oil Pastels, but these days juggling so many things together.. my magic hours with my art have dwindled to minutes! Oil pastels were the most convenient for my new schedule till Christmas.. and the quality of these pastels plus the number of shades make my minutes meditative and magical! I love them!!!"
Very hard to blend.  I plan to give these to my grandchildren to use with their crayons.
"Good quality, very worthy it, color is bright and easy to draw"
Its useful.
Excelent
Beautiful set of colors.
Sweet starter set for anyone from beginner to expert looking to dabble in oil pastels.
good.
"Love, love, love, love !!!, lots of fun !!!"
Good choice!
good price for good quality
My girls used these for hours yesterday and they have created beautiful masterpieces to hang throughout the house.  These pastels were a very good value and I forsee much use and creativity coming from them.
"I and the child like these pieces of chalk, they moderately bright, colors natural, drawings turn out perfectly."
ok
"I have used Pentel oil pastels many times, they are small, work with thinner  and have good color strength, my oldest oil pastel paintings are about 10 years old, and they have held up well. I use these all over the painting if I need the color, but I use Cray Pas and Sennlier to finish up. Truthfully I am as pleased with this brand as any other- I only wish they made a pack like this with twice as many colors, or specifically for: i.e. portraits, landscapes, whatever; like the soft pastel brands used to box colors. That would be 5 stars for sure. Below I posted a picture of a painting I did using this brand various other really cheap oil pastels and the Cray Pas and a few Sennlier. The painting is about tne years old started at a life drawing class and finished in my studio,"
"Came fast, no damages and the colors are cuter."
Cheap... but fitting of the price you paid.
Very cool and very nice price. I am a beginner with oil pastels but they are very easy to work with. I recommend.
"I love the Pentel oil pastels, they have great vivid color and if you are a lover of prisms colors you will love these for quality and price!"
I am not an artist but love to dabble.  These work well for me.
"These worked great for art class. I'm a teacher and I have several grades (K-8) and these are a decent quality. I did NOT like how quickly they got used up and how easily they broke as the students used them. They blend well, but they become very messy. Extra clean up time had to be given so some (if not most) students could wash their hands. For the price, they were worth it and have managed to last long enough."
Great set!
Great. many colors and easy to apply.
"Great set, amazing quality, would recommend."
I bought these for my daughter who is 7 years old and loves art. We use these a lot and really love them! They blend so smoothly and the colors are rich and vibrant. You can't beat 50 oil pastels for under $7! There is a wide variety of colors in the set and two whites. They are also easy to wash off your hands.
Really nice set for a very good price.
great product!
These are fine oil pastels for the price.
Good product for touch up on pastel paintings
My daughter loves these. Work great :)
Awesome :)
Don't buy these . They're like crayons
IT WAS A GREAT PRICE~
Everything is great! i love it!
daughter loves it
nice
don't use them as much as pencils and paint but I like them
"This is a very nice set of pastels and a very good value. I bought them for a client of mine who is elderly. We do memory and relaxation exercises together to help keep her brain healthy and she's found them to be very easy to use. There is a great array of colors, and nice packaging. I think they'd be easy to use for any age, young or old. Definitely a good value if you're looking for affordable pastels."
Good stuff.
"Melted them all and put them in my mouth. Looks great actually, haven't used it yet. I just like randomly buying stuff like this and then getting excited when it comes in the mail."
Bought as a gift for my 13 year old niece!
Bright and great to draw with. Got them for my 6yr old.
Great price!  Good product
The colors are great but when it came it was a mess. Pastels weren't where they needed to be. Some were even broken. But all in all im still happy
"Oil pastels excellent for blending unlike non-oil pastels. Whenever I'm a few dollar short of the minimum required for free shipping, I buy art supplies for my granddaughters. These are very, very nice, and very inexpensive."
"These pastels are good value for money. I bought these for my kids, and they enjoy using them. The colors are good and blend well."
Nice colors
The daughter likes to draw them. I will take still.
Did a wall mural on deployment with these and it was the first time I've worked with pastels.  Overall it came out great for my first time use and the mural was rich in depth and color.
Great assortment. Get a sharpener too.
Very nice
Awesome colors and quality.  Easy to work with.  Good choice!!!
Package came sealed but missing a yellow.
It came with 1 pastel missing!
Good product
Great product for an excellent price. I got this for  about $5.00. Arrived in good condition. Very happy with this purchase.
I have painted with them on canvas. they looks like very good.
"Wonderful oil pastels! I am a die-hard acrylic painter but wanted to try something different for a bit and since I've always enjoyed sketching, I bought this set.  They are exactly what you would want; they're easy to smudge and honestly, I don't know if I'm creating masterpieces, but I'm having a really good time with them."
Great value for beginners.
i need to look for more but i think not just pastels but acrlics
Gift receiver loved it
"These are not highest quality art materials, true.  However they are fun in a box and are an outstanding bargain.
I have a lot of very expensive soft and oil pastels which I love and use regularly.  Still, there is something about these ""carefree"" little sticks that allows me to draw and paint in a fearless, easy manner that is quite pleasant.  Especially on moderately priced paper that I would never use on a ""serious"" work.  Not for everyone, and not for a commissioned work with high expectations, but you really ought to try them. In fact do yourself a favor and buy more than one as you will probably run out of white and/or black quickly, (they are small sticks)."
"these are GREAT pigmented pastels for a beginner to a average artist, they blend well and were so cheap. LOVE them"
"Interesting, but I need more information on how to use these."
Great oil pastels!
"good price, fast shipping, like it"
The kids enjoyed these. Be sure to give your kids a baby wipe or damp rag to wipe their fingers off with.
"Great value, really nice vibrant colors. Worked great as a class set. Price cannot be beat!"
nice starter set. can't complain.
Good item
My kids (8 and 10) love these.  They are less expensive than other brands out there.
"Great oil pastels, will buy it again in the future."
Always happy when I find a great priced art gift for kids. They loved it!
Good
"These are a great addition to our homeschool art supplies. Great price, for quality pastels."
"Quality, Economical, Instant Shipping~!  AAA+++"
Good price
good
;-)
"Of all the presents I gave our granddaughter for her birthday THIS is the favorite.  She was awed by the assortment of colors!  Yup, at only 7 craypas is her favorite medium!"
This was a terrific buy. I used oil pastels for the first time with this set.
My 4 year old daughter looooves it
Great product.
"Awesome quality, beautiful colors! I want to buy more!!! I love korean made but this is even better. Love it!"
These have been great for our watercolor pastel pictures. My 7 and 10 year old love the variety of colors and learning how to use pastels in their art projects. Have lasted us very well since Christmas and it is now June. Very happy with this product.
"Great, reasonably priced oil pastel set. Offers plenty of colors. Quick delivery, no complaints at all. Would buy again. Yep."
"I brought three sets of these for elementary and middle school age kids. They all enjoyed it, especially with 50 colors. Excellent for beginners."
"I bought these and I thought they would be bigger, but they're tiny, I mean uncomfortably tiny and they didn't meet my expectations to say the least. Its a decent starter kit for beginners but I wouldn't recommend it for someone who is serious about art."
"We were recently introduced to oil pastels in art camp with my son. Had to come home and order these.i enjoying ""coloring"" with my toddler as much as he does. Great selection of colors at a very reasonable price."
"I bought these and gave them to my mother for her birthday, and she seems to like them very much."
these are awesome. i woudl highly recommend them.  i share them with my 12 year old daughter. the colors are vibrant and smooth.
"i got this to add it to my box of art supplies, never let me down and i never regretted the purchase"
"Love these oil pastels, they work great and they are very smooth and do not break at all. These are the best."
"The mechandise was very good , they are high quality for their inexpensive price,  brillant colors and more resistant to the effects of humidity"
I bought this set long time ago but never got to use it. I think it will work well and give beautiful colors to my pictures.
Sent as a gift to my 89 year old mother who will use them while recovering from an illness.  She loves them.
Nothing much to say except that you get a lot of product for a great price. Would definitely buy again (but won't have to any time soon due to how many come in the package :)
Great colours
"Save your $ or buy another brand.  This little box had lots of colors in very small sticks.  They go down on the paper smoothly but won't blend out with a water brush, finger, paper stump or wet wipe.  Was a waste of my $ and my time in making a swatch sheet because they won't blend out."
very nice for the price i love pastels and 50 of them come in handy for shading buy this product
"I've been comparing a number of brands of oil pastels, including the high-end Senneliers.  These are my favorites because they go on so evenly and because the colors are so bright and cheerful.  I'm ordering more sets because I'm going to be doing some color experiments and these are the pastels I'm going to use."
"After reading some of the other reviews, I was worried these wouldn't be any good. Some people said they were just crayons, weren't blendable, were just for kids, or were too small. I think those people must have been expecting chalk pastels, because these are exactly what I expect oil pastels to be. If you're a professional artist, I'm sure you'll want to get some fancier ones, but I just wanted them for fun. I got the 50-color set, and I'm really pleased with the quality and the range of colors, especially for the price. I'm really happy with them."
I was quite surprised when I got my box of oil pastels a few days after placing the order... Not one broken!  My students were as excited as I was when they saw them.
Bought this for an artsy person. The loved it alot and got a lot of use out of those pastels. They worked great.
I love these pastels. They are my favorite thing to paint with. I've had a lot of success working with these. They take forever to dry but it's worth it.
"I would buy again & again. Love all the colors, so many to choose from I love them all.. must buy"
"Worth the money.  They look very nice in use (I don't use them, my daughter does).  Worth the money I spent on them."
"If you want true, high quality pastels, don't buy these. I used better ones in middle school, maybe even elementary. They're basically crayons that smear. Very dry."
These were exactly what I wanted. They are just like any other oil pastels yet have many amazing colors that you do not see everyday. Thank you
there are a lot of color in the box to chose from and they fit good in my hands and there is a smooth finish when you apply them to the paper
"I cannot review these materials because they are of the kind that suit me for fairly usage for drawing.  There are better quality than these, but so are they too expensive for my use, therefor I value those supplied very highly. Thank you."
Bought these for a birthday party and it went fabulous. Kids from 1-16 years old used them and had a great time creating mini canvas paintings:)
They are as they descripted them. Yes we would recommend them to others and there cost was very good. Thanks
This is a great set of pastels for a beginner artist.  All the necessary colors are included in this set so a great variety of drawings could be made.
"If you are new to your classroom, or you are like me (an art teacher) and really need to get some bulk supplies while waiting for your supply order to come in, this is great. It does go fast, but it's still great to have around."
I work at an after school program for elementary school children. We needed oil pastels for some of our art projects. I was happy with the price of this 36 color set. I ordered 2 sets. They came quickly and are now being put to good use.
"this is a great set for beginners with oil painting,and children.it is way less messy than actual oil paint which can ruin clothing. these are pretty good quality too."
"These oil,pastels are fantastic! My kids love  to draw with them and the quality is fantastic as well  Would recommend highly"
"Great colors, great texture, really fun to work with and a great price all wrapped up into one. Loved it."
Great product. Love to draw with them. They were delivered fast and the product was exactly as described on the website. I would recommend it to anyone that likes drawing.
"I have only tried my pastels once and since the covering on the canvus was poor, I feel that I am using them wrong.  I'll look on the internet on how to use oil pastels and follow their directions before I judge them.  However, the price was very reasonable and they did arrive on time  E. Loluise Culler"
My daughter was so excited when she got theses. It's a great assortment of vibrant colors and works great on canvas.
I am just trying this media out.  The white is not opague.  This is all new to me.  I hope to get better.
"I bougth this and expressionist from sakura (more expensive than this), and this are so much better for far.

the quality of colors are amazing, so oily, soft and brigther. they have the perfect swatches.
But you need to know they have small size like student pastels, but for this price, who cares?"
"I gave these to my daughter for Christmas. She has enjoyed them very much. She loves art and does a lot of sketching. The oils help to give her art some color and depth. She is still experimenting, but the quality is good enough that she has not complaints, thus far. I like the brand myself and that is why purchased them for her. She is the true test though, because my use of them has always been with ceramics, which I like."
I did not read the print loads of pastels. Will last for a very long time as I did not realize this is a classroom set. Good quality.
Nice quality item. Bought for teen kid. She like it and price is great. great buy get it now .
"I love using pastels for my art, they make my art look way better and they have so many colors available"
I had a small pack of these that I can no longer find.  My replacements arrived in good condition and that made me happier than I was 5 minutes before I collected and opened the package.
works fantastic!!!! I've had then fit about 4 months and still work perfect love them and great for its cheap price
Great colors. I like this set a lot. Easy to use brilliant colors. Great size. They blend very very well
"Bought these for my daughter, they are easy to use, the colors are super vibrant, the price is great and they are great quality!"
Daughter loves it she always wanted a larger set then she already has! Great price and fast shipping how can you go wrong
"Excellent, very pretty and a super price, has good design and good presentation. just to get the photo and that said parameters on page

very good"
Nice set with lots of shades and rich pigments. The crayons are soft and vibrant and easy to use. Does leave a stain on hands and smudges easily :(
"I love to paint with oils and acrylics, sketch, create colored pencil drawings, so I figured I'd give oil pastels a try. Since I'm not experienced with oil pastels, I can't say whether this brand is better or worse than any other brand. I can say that these did not come out like I was hoping, and I tried several techniques. After watching videos of other artists using these, I just don't see how they get the impressive works of art because I felt hopeless with these. The colors were blotchy and didn't come out smoothly. If it's because I did something wrong, I'm sorry for the 2 star review but I just didn't like these..."
"These do blend, but not very well. They're cheap and I'd say worth it for a beginner's art project. Definitely not for professionals, but I used them for my teenage students and they had no complaints."
I was writing in The Creative Journal using these and they are so beautiful.  I couldn't ask for a better art utensil.
These oil pastels are great!  I didn't realize how much the whole family was going to enjoy using these to create art.
"Easy to use, good result. Pretty colors, doesn't disappoint. I would buy this set again. We also layer the colors and it looks good."
"I had a smaller set of pastels and love the effects I was getting with them, so quickly realized that I needed more colors.  I always need more colors, I'm a junkie <sigh>.

This is a great set of basic oil pastels.  I'm sure that they don't come close to comparing to Caran D'Ache Neocolor i sets, or Sennelier's (sp?), but don't count them out because of that.low price.  These give a nice effect for the money and are not just for kids."
These were given to my daughter for Christmas. She is a budding artist and was thrilled with the oil pastels. They were fairly priced and a good value. They do not make her hands all messy like some of the other brands that we have tried. We will likely purchase these again when she is ready for another set.
We ordered this as a Christmas present and it came very quickly. It's a nice size with lots of colors to choose from.
"Great color, fun to work with, so says my son (the artist).  I may post pictures later of his work with these pastels."
My daughter loves these! This was our second purchase of this product and I know that there will be several more in the future.
"These are very professional looking oil pastels, ready to be used and can't wait for my people to open them and use it!"
Every art school I work at uses this brand. The students love them. High quality oil pastels. Very fun medium to practice blending.
"I haven't done pastel work since middle school.  I usually do pencil or marker drawings just for fun and wanted a different look to a christmas present for a family member.  My drawing turned out wonderful.  Glad I bought 'em and I recommend these.  Decent price, too.."
"Very nice product I bought the wrong pastels for school. This is oil pastels I needed chalk pastels, but since my daughter is an artist I gave it to her and she loves it."
My girls' school has these for art class and they loved it so much they wanted it for a holiday present.  They make beautiful drawings and it is more special than using regular crayons.  Good quality and value.
"If you know how to use pastels, these will turn out to be professional quality. Best used on watercolor paper for texture and to keep the oils from smudging. Used these my AP year of art and got quite a few awards and went to nationals thanks to these!"
"These are EXCELLENT. I got them as a gift for my mother, who is an amateur artist and loves to use colored pencils, ink pens, and charcoals. She had never used pastels but I thought that she would like them, since she draws a lot of flowers and shades and smudges them, and I felt that pastels would kind of lend themselves to that.

This was an absolute bargain and I'm so pleased with this purchase. When my mom unwrapped this set, the first thing she did was say, ""Ohhh, this must have been so EXPENSIVE,"" in that way that moms use when they want to scold their kids for spending too much money on them even though they really like the gift.

I allayed her fears (seriously, these were a total steal and I'd have paid more for them than what they cost), and she immediately started using them to draw stargazer lilies. She loves them. This is a huge set - 50 pastels! - and there are so many different colors, and she spent all weekend playing around with them and just loved them.

I totally recommend these for any amateur artist in your family, big or small. Obviously, smaller children will need supervision, but these are a terrific bargain and great quality."
My 6-year-old son refused to use crayons anymore once he got exposed to the rich colors of the oil pastels.  He is so happy with the variety of color of this set.  The per pastel price is the most reasonable compares to the other counts.
"Very good oil pastels for the price, it does the job, with bright colors like some of the very expensive ones,"
my daughter loves this Pentel Arts Oil Pastels kit..  I would 100% purchase again.. we are very pleased with it..
"It's a great set, just as described! I would recommend this item. It's a bargain at this price. Nice deal."
Not what I expected.  There are better options on Amazon with better quality than these pastels.  There are better options for the price as well.  This was highly overpriced.  Cheap.
"These pastels are very well made and provide a wide array of colors. My daughter loved this product and has made many ""masterpieces"" using it."
Good quality for the price. Perfect for young students. Clean up with hand wipes. Nice color selection. Not professional but affordable and fun.
Everyone that tries them loves them. It has given us birthday and Christmas ideas for more children now. Neat to experiment with
This was purchased for the Art Masterpiece program newly formed in my son's school. Product worked just as advertised. Thank you so much!
If you are into art this set of pastels will keep you going for a long time.  My daughter is very pleased with this product.
My 10 year old daughter loves these! She has made beautiful pictures. The quality is very nice for a budding artist.
just like the quality i have been looking for. great product! fast delivery. these pastels blends well with oil. i was able to make nice paintings.
"for the money. These are OK pastels, there is a wide variety of colors, and I would say go for it if you're a beginner or looking to experiment with pastels.  They are rather small and hard to blend but overall the quality is OK."
Great color assortment. I'm not an artist and wanted these to use for a special project. They worked great. I'm very pleased with this.
"I myself had no use for this item.
I bought this product for someone else . She is a great artist. She loved them!"
Price is good but the color comes out not that smooth and the color is not oil enough I will prefer another brand rather than this brand
Works great for all of the homeschool projects I have in store for my kids. I would definitely recommend this.
Nothing against these colors but I was looking for soft pastels and I ordered these by mistake. It was hard for me to draw a figure cleanly since they are oil based.
"These were a bit smaller than I expected them to be, but that's no big deal. They blend well, and there is a very nice selection of colors. I'll definitely be purchasing another pack when these run out. Great deal for the price."
I bought these oil pastels for my 9 year old daughter. She loves art and told me she needed these to create a picture she wanted to draw.  So I went on Amazon and found this set. The quality and price is great.  My daughter created a beautiful masterpiece with this set. The colors are bright and creamy.  I am very please with the purchase.
This is one good buy. The set has a variety of vibrant colors. No two colors are the same. There are about 3 to 4 different shades for each basic color. Writes smooth. Compares well with many of the expensive sets.
"My granddaughter chose this product because she needed them for her school project.  She likes them because
there are a variety of colors that she can use when she draws.  She recommend this product to all her friends at
school, hoping they will purchase it.  By the way.  My granddaughter got a ""A+"" on her school project.  I am very
proud of her."
These art pastels aren't real pastels but they do work nicely and make good art  I do recconend these art pastels
"very nice set, love to work with these, pretty legit and nice set up. a lot of colors, and  a lot of one, just what i need"
"I used These in my High School Drawing and my Painting class last year, in drawing we used them to do an object drawing, I used them to draw a teddy bear and I had quite a bit of trouble getting a realistic fur texture, but that is my own fault. these are not meant for super detailed work but over all they performed well. In my painting class we used Baby Oil and a pint brush to help blend them, which I highly recommend as it improves their performance a tenfold. finally, if you order these, which if you want cheap pastels I highly recommend these, but get the 36 or 50 color set. we used the 16 set at school, and there wasn't a true purple. there was a slightly purple indigo and a light pink, but really no purple. you can mix a purple but it takes alot of time and baby oil, plus it eats your pastels. that's why I gave it a 3 instead of a 4."
Draws and blends so smoothly! Fantastic price for a quality set. My daughter has been using these and has been having so much fun with them.
I am just learning how to use oil pastels.  I am enjoying using them.  My husband is an artist which helps me a lot.
"These are by far the smallest pastels I've ever owned.
After 15 minutes of using the pastels 6 were broken in half.
Spend you money on a better product"
10 YR OLD NIECE LOVES IT! THE COLORS ARE GREAT AND EASY TO USE! PERFECT GIFT FOR ANY BEGINNER ARTIST!
"Beautiful colors and kids like to draw with them.
After kids play, easy to wash out or erase not giving me hard time on clean up.
Great price with 50 color set."
"Pentel is known for their writing and artists products.  The variety of colors and blending abilities gives you unlimited possibilities.

You cannot go wrong with this product or price."
I pay the same price as I used to pay at Hobby Lobby when they had them.  I like the free shipping when I buy in bulk.
I bought this set for my daughter who is drawing a monochromatic picture and needed more shade choices for her picture. This set of pastels is really nice for a beginner who wants to learn more about pastels and shades. I would definitely recommend buying this set.
"I rated this product 3 stars because the oil pastels are okay for a beginner who is just looking to experiment with oil pastels. I had a while without using oil pastels, but I've been lucky enough to hold a good one! lol Which means I know the difference between a good & a bad one! This product is in between or a little lower. I found that you need to layer them in order to get a smooth blend. Without layering, this product is just a grade or 2 higher than a crayola. With that said, I used up all the white trying to layer & had to purchase a box of 12 whites only! Since seeing how quick my whites were going, I decided to try another way to save some money, so I tried Vaseline with the pastels, just to see how they would blend! It ended up being a bit messy, but I was able to smooth it out with my finger, something that would be close to impossible with the oil pastel alone!
I would buy again just because they're so cheap! In my opinion, out of the cheap ones, I think this is the best one... So there you have it! My take on this product! :) Happy drawing!"
This was bought as a gift for my grand daughter. She really liked the paints and has enjoyed using the set.
"Wow, what a bargain - saw a smaller set somewhere else for double the price!  So many colors in this set and working with the oil pastels is so much fun!!"
"These are good for the beginner, and/or middle aged children (elementary-middle). However I wouldn't recommend them for someone more advanced. Nice selection of colors, and they do blend nicely. If your looking for a good beginner set this is it!"
"Always really great to work with. Definitely a great quality of pastels. I recommend them highly for anyone using them for their own art, or doing art with children."
"Amazing quality. blends easily with other colors. Beautiful colors. it does stain clothes and is hard to take out, worth it"
"Had an excellent experience with these oil pastels. My art work really flowed. I really enjoyed the ""feel"" of these oil pastels. They are easy to work with and the 50 color set that I purchased has an excellent selection of colors.  Easy to blend/change colors when needed. I look forward to using these for many projects to come!"
They were  much smaller than I thought they would be.  They looked larger in your pictures.  Maybe be more specific about the size of each pastel.
At our center the children and teens love when we use oil pastels for art projects. The ability to change the intensity of the color is by far their favorite. The container makes it easy to clean up after the art is done!
"Easy to use product good variety of colors excellent for blending. Can be used on paper or canvas using a shoe brush for
blending shadows."
"If you're interested in using oil pastels, this is nice set to start out with! Lots of colors to choose from, and you can blend them to make more colors. If you've only used hard pastels, be prepared to feel a difference when you try to blend them. Oil pastels don't blend as easily imo, but these Pentel Arts oil pastels are still very nice! Very affordable and they smell good, haha."
"Bought this for my kids so they can use for their school project. But then realized they might be too young to use oil pastels.
The choices of color is great but I think it best suits middle/high school students."
"This is the second time I've worked with Oil Pastels and the first time I did they blended easily. However, with these I felt like I was fighting for them to spread. However, I am using a water-color based paper so it could be the thickness that's keeping it from spreading as easy. However, other than that they are wonderful. The colors are nice, it shipped fast and the price is great for how many you get."
They came in great condition and I am loving using them! I would order more art supplies when I have the chance!
I wasn't sure about oil pastels. One of the ladies in my art class suggested this brand for beginners or people on a budget. I really liked the ease of working with these. I recommend highly
"Excellent product. My students are really enjoying them. Once they are opened, though, they must be stored and transported flat or all of the colours will mix. The box lid is not enough to keep everything in place...found out the hard way."
"If you are on a budget, Pentel Pastels are the best you can get for the price.  Rich color, blendable and vibrant.  Great for beginners to experts.  Safe for kids.  Get your finger into it and blend the colors for a rich payoff."
Used this as a reward to a student who excelled in art and designed my classroom door window insert.  Socail Studies teacher and design is related to history.
"Bought this for our daughter's birthday and SHE LOVE'S Them!!! Wide range of colors, for blending and shading! Now we just have to go buy more paper!"
I bought this for my son. He loves art and this really rocks his excitement. Very affordable and has 50 color selections.
Came faster than I expected and works well. No complaints here. Will be ordering this product again when ever i run out
"These are great!  The color so bold, just wish there was purple.  I should have  gotten them at the beginning of the school year.  They will last a while."
I actually gave it as a gift to a friend and they just love the Pastels oils and would order again.
"The young lady I purchased this for said she liked it very much and was very happy with the different colors and the
quality of the pastels.
I would order from this company agian as the shipping was right on time - and arrived in good shape."
These pastels are awesome. They color wonderfully. Are in a variety of colors and they stand out on the paper.
this is a perfect box of pastels. I bought them for a 9 year old who is taking art lessons and tey were perfect.
Completes my art supplies and expands my capabilities. Why are a certain number of words required? I don't understand this.
"Ordered these for a class project. The colors were great, my students loved them! Glad I made the purchase, it was just what I was looking for and a great price!"
"This set was a wonderful gift for my daughter. The colors pop out on paper, awesome set!  My daughter loved it!"
"exactly what I expected to be.
Great Color, My Kids Love to use them and make lovely drawing.
I recommended it"
"There are LOTS of colors. The picture makes the pastels look bigger, they aren't that big, but a good size for a good price!"
"lots of colors and lots of product for the price, Micheal's , eat your heart out!  our artist loved it"
"does the jobs it supposed to, they run down very quickly but they blend very well so i kept them"
Even the grand children are enjoying the pastels as well as the older generation drafting kids.  You should see the new artist in the family.
Pastels are nice and smooth and the colors are vivid.  Also a nice variety of hues.  A decent set for the price.
My daughter loves using these oil pastels. She likes the thickness of the pastel and the vibrancy of the colors.
"Probably these oil pastels are up to par when it comes to the type of medium they are. However I'm going to write a negative review simply because I was on the hunt for a different type of product when I ordered these. I had used Rembrandt pastels in my art class (top of the line premium pastels) and was looking for an inexpensive alternative medium which would blend in the same sort of manner. Oil pastels simply do not blend, and that is incredibly frustrating if you're trying to make smooth transitions in your art piece in order to create a real sense of physical depth.

After trying a couple of different options, including these oil pastels, I discovered the&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Alphacolor-pastels/dp/B0019IMXO8/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Alphacolor pastels</a>. The Alphacolor ones are a chalk pastel, which is easy to work with and which blends well, even though the color is quite light. This is good if you're trying to make a human face or a landscape scene look radiant, but they may be inappropriate for many uses."
"I ordered these on a whim, and boy I'm glad I did. I love the selection- there is a great choice of hues & the values are very saturated with pigment. The colors are so rich. I like to experiment with using colored pencil and pens with this media to get the sharp little details and change up the textures."
Great smooth colors at a good price.  My daughter loves them and will barely put them down to sleep!  Good buy.
"It came in good time, and good condition. I bought these originally for hair chalk and they were a bit smaller then I suspected. But the color's are bright and there is plenty and the price was nice, I have not used it on my hair yet, But will update when I do."
This was a gift for my granddaughter who is just starting out. It is excellent quaility and a good choice for her tool set.
Picked this up as a gift. Easy to use and perfect for that special art lover. Would definitely buy again.
I am just beginning to paint with oils.  These are wonderful beginners colors. When I get my basics in order I can add more colors.  Thank you.
"I bought this for my daughter for a Christmas present.  She loves oil pastels and this is a great deal, a lot of colors and multiples of each color.  She loves it!"
We all love it and we're having so much fun! It's a great deal too for the quality and quantity!
i like these. i haven't used pastels in yrs so i couldn't decide which grade to get. i probably should have gotten a higher quality but these will definitely do while i get back into my artsy mode.
"I'm pretty pleased with my purchase. It is a bit smaller than I thought it would be, but the variety almost makes up for that."
"I purchased these for my 12 year old daughter for Christmas 2012. She loved them, they were awesome colors and very vibrant. She started on canvas that day in the afternoon. The variety was very good for the price, about $8."
"These work great from children's drawing to college assignments! Buying my second set! Great, normal size of pastels, not smaller than others, great blending and the value is amazing."
I have never used oil pastels before.  I love the bright colors and the different textures that I can get by rubbing the colors into the paper or lightly coloring on top.  I sold two drawings using this product.
"I loved this set, it's perfectly sized and packaged for travel and the pastels are of a pretty good quality. Would definitely recommend this to art students on the go or for the hobbyist."
"I got these for my 8 year old daughter and I must say, I am very pleased with the quality of the product!  I am an artist, and would consider using them myself!"
"Gifted this to my daughter and she and I are pleased.
 Fifty colors for such a low price. She's a beginner with oil pastels so I don't feel like I wasted my money if she decides she is no longer interested.
Colors are vivid, vibrant and glide smoothly. They do not break when moderate pressure is applied. Definitely a great beginner set or a spare intermediate."
"I'm only going to give 4 stars because unlike what it says on the box these do not work with water. However they do work with vegetable oil,baby oil and my favorite linseed oil and a q tip. This review is for those artists who would like to use them in their journal a professional artist wouldn't buy them. I use sennelier and caran de ache for my professional work. If you want to use these in your journal I suggest heavy paper at least 140lb hot or cold press,q tips and one of the oils above you can also gesso your page if the paper is thin or needs more tooth. These do not blend with a stump or tortillo or a water or oil brush. You can scrape it with a pallete knife with fairly good results and the colors do blend together well once you apply the oil.

You can keep it dark and then blend out with the oil to a lighter hue. They are a good buy for the amount you get and the colors to choose from. I have enjoyed them so far and will buy another set when these run out. As I said be aware that these are for journaling and maybe ATC's and ACEO's rather then large works. I have purchased lots of cheaper products to use in my journaling so if you like the review check back after Christmas and I will be reviewing some more."
MY 8 YEAR OLD  REALLY LOVE TO DRAW AFTER HIS SCHOOL HOMEWORK ARE DONE. THIS PRODUCT REALLY MAKES HIM TO BE VERY CREATIVE  AND ARTISTIC.
"I use this pastel set in the classroom at least 2-4 times a month. The pastels never look used and don't break (so far). Not one has broke yet. They are nice pieces sized about 3 inches each and narrow which is easy for little hands to manipulate. There is plenty of colors to do most every project. The students have learned to blend the pastels so they can make new colors. I will get another set over and over when these run out (if they ever do). So far, I think they will last all year, if not two years. My crayons don't last 6 months!!"
Good product that was worth the mo.ey. Good quality andeaves great impression on the paper. My daughter loved tbis item.
"I rated this product 3 stars because the oil pastels are okay for a beginner who is just looking to experiment with oil pastels. I had a while without using oil pastels, but I've been lucky enough to hold a good one! lol Which means I know the difference between a good & a bad one! This product is in between or a little lower. I found that you need to layer them in order to get a smooth blend. Without layering, this product is just a grade or 2 higher than a crayola. With that said, I used up all the white trying to layer & had to purchase a box of 12 whites only! Since seeing how quick my whites were going, I decided to try another way to save some money, so I tried Vaseline with the pastels, just to see how they would blend! It ended up being a bit messy, but I was able to smooth it out with my finger, something that would be close to impossible with the oil pastel alone!
I would buy again just because they're so cheap! In my opinion, out of the cheap ones, I think this is the best one... So there you have it! My take on this product! :) Happy drawing!"
"I bought this for my daughter who is a school teacher.  Now, though they have many types of crafts, including fine drawing products, this is the one they all love best!!  It was well worth the cost!  Perfect in every way!!!!"
I purchased this as a Christmas gift for my daughter.  The price was great and she loved it.  Lots of color variety!
These oil pastels are very rich colors that are super easy to apply. They work great on my card projects!
"these oil Pastels do blend well and do not pill or smear , the colors are
quite close and are of higher quality than other brands, also there is good value .
Just ordered a set for self , and mom."
"Perfect pastels for beginners. I bought the 50 color set, and it is WONDERFUL. The color blends easily, and the color is very pigmented. The colors are bright and very bold, especially the red. They're also strong too. Accidentally, I stepped on the box and heard a ""CRACK"", but I looked and everything was okay.  On the bonus side, they don't cost that much. The only downside is that they're quite small, but I can stand that, considering I don't use pastels too often."
"This was my first time working with oil pastels. I liked the blending aspect of them, they blended wonderfully. However, it was my first time using this medium so practice makes perfect. Patience n time to master the skill as well."
"I opened the pack and the pastel sticks are really skinny like a pinky toe. The ad is false advertisement. I would be done with 50 pastels by my third picture. I would not consider myself an advance artist, but I have used pastels before and I am actually good with this medium but this brand is very cheap. The colors do not smooth out well, it looks very sketchy."
This is my first time to exercise oil pastels.  colors are very bright and soft.  Great product satisfied my interests.
"Bought these as a gift for my daughter for her birthday. She LOVES them. We had bought a set of limited colors at a local big box store, and her interest in oil pastels had me wanting to expand her color pallet. This set from Amazon was exactly what I wanted-a lot of colors without a huge price tag. While I'm sure a professional artist may want something more expensive, for my daughter the amateur aspiring artist who is experimenting these are great-I purchased two sets!"
"If u like to draw, this is a must have for all artist or non artist. The pastels blend together so nice and u can create differnt colors by blending them together. Drawing will be a nice experience for you if you using these oil pastels."
"The oil pastels are great, just finished all of the colors off. They worked for drawing stuff all over my bedroom wall"
"The set is a great value. If you enjoy art, but are maybe not a pro and don't need professional grade items then this is the set for you. We purchased it for our 15 year old daughter and she loves it. Would recommend."
"These oil pastels are no where near professional quality so don't expect to be using them in a professional setting.

But to be fair I purchased these pastels for recreational use only for my family to use for enjoyment.

The colors don't blend very well but you get a fair amount of varying colors and the price is fair."
I loved all the color choices you get in this box.  The only problem I had it is hard to use in tight spaces when first starting out with this product and it can easily blend into other colors when using a blending stick.  (It is a learning process.)
"They have good pigment colors and blend very good. Very radiants colors. They do smell oily, LOL. I'm a very satisfied. Will do get some more when I'm done with this set."
"I was excited to find some oil pastels for a fairly cheap price.
But they're a little cheaper than what I really wanted.
When I used them they kind of have a ""crayon"" look to them versus a pastel look to them, if you use the white colored pastel to blend than it helps it look a little better.
Good product for people who already know how to use pastels because they'll probably know how to make it look better,
or good product for beginners or little kids who don't really care as much."
I found this to be one of the best brands for pastels. I needed something studio quality without paying studio price.
"Got these for my 5 and 8 year old sons to use in their nature journals. Perfect for kids, not to pricey but a good quality for the price."
"I bought this for my 11 year old who draws all of the time. I wanted to give her something else to work with since she spends so much of her time doing ""Art"" and loves to look at things and just start drawing them. Crayons are great, water colors is/are good, but this gave her something else to learn about and try out. She's had a ball. She's enjoyed them and we all have enjoyed her ""projects""! Plus they last longer than crayons!"
"these oil pastels are vibrant! have been looking for an alternative to wax colors for my kid, and these are perfect. a little messier than wax colors, since they transfer a bit to clothing, but so much better on paper! my daughter absolutely loves them."
"I'm not an art professional, but I enjoy painting and drawing on my own.  For how inexpensive they are, I'm very happy with these pastels.  There's a great variety of colors, including 2 white pastel pieces.  They smudge quite well and are just as good as any pastels I've worked with.  I also appreciate the packaging, as its simple but pretty sturdy and each pastel has an individual place so they don't break."
"Excellent selection of color. The many options make it ideal. Overall, very effecient. Great price for such a vast assortment. I would definitely recommend this product as cost-friendly."
"I bought these for my daughter's boyfriend, an aspiring artist, for Christmas. They arrived perfectly intact, unlike many of the other reviews I read prior to purchasing. My gift recipient hasn't used pastels very often before, so this has greatly opened his creativity."
"I bought there kinds of oil pastel from Amazon to compare them. The other two were&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Sakura-Cray-Pas-Expressionist-Oil-Pastels-50-Pack/dp/B000KIDZ5O/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Sakura Cray-Pas Expressionist Oil Pastels, 50-Pack</a>&nbsp;and&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Loew-Cornell-Oil-Pastels-60-Pack/dp/B003W0HTIQ/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Loew-Cornell Oil Pastels, 60-Pack</a>. These have about half the stick volume of the Cray-Pas have a much better color selection than the Loew-Cornells. I would rank the second of the three sets."
"This made a good present, and the colors are nice. I liked how there were different shades of the same color, really helps. However, if you are planning on using these alot, i'd recommend buying another one, as they may run out quicker than one anticipates."
"I enjoy my sketchbook and pastel kit. I am using it quite often. The pastels work great and provide a broad range of colors. I have been drawing with pastels in both color, black and white, and various one color pictures."
"I was pretty pissed when I got these. When I read a review over 3 years ago, one person had a problem of the pastels spilling over and scratching each other. I thought ""Hey it's been 3 years, will they still make that mistake"" or maybe it was just bad luck. Nope. Problem is with the packaging itself. They WILL spill over when you recieve them and scratch themselves onto each other. This creates flakes and colors to be mixed together on them.

Pretty pissed about this.

Other than that, works what you expect for this price."
"I haven't used oil pastels in years, so I'm not sure about this, but my oil pastels have already decreased about 1 cm in length after coloring a whole sheet of paper (around 8x8 in) the same color. Maybe this is normal, maybe this is better. I can't say. But at this rate, one pastel will be gone after 15 or so artworks. Of course, this depends on how hard you press on the pastel and everything.

The color is absolutely amazing. It's bright and allows your artwork to achieve a brilliant effect. I drew a cartoon Orange Mushroom with shading included, and the final result is not bad at all! I am very pleased with the coloring of the pastels.

The pastels are also labeled with their color and their number. A list of the colors are also included on the back of the box."
I purchased these for my youngest son who had been asking for them since using them in class at school. He is elated. They are actually better than the ones at school and they inspire him to sit and create!
"This was going to be a present for my granddaughter but I loved it so much I got two...one for her, she was extremely happy over this set and one for me. The only problem is she can draw better than me. I have her drawings all over my fridge and now it is covered with her art drawings. She is 10 and an artist already."
"Great set at a great price for everyone that enjoys painting at any level. Good and inexpensive way to introduce kids to art, easy to use and perfect for littleones to hold (just like a crayon)."
My daughter loves this product and recommends it to her friends as well the way the oil pastels look when applied to the paper and is easy to work with she said. My daughter of 15 is a upcoming artist and this product helps her to use her imagination behind
Gave these to my granddaughter for Christmas.  She had recently used pastels in her art class and really wanted a set to use at home. She tells me the ones she uses in class were easier to smear and blend on her art pieces but otherwise she was quite content with this gift and especially loves the numerous colors it includes.
"Pentel is one of the best products on the market for oil pastels, they ae not overly greasy and produce a nice clean line.  The pictures you create will be bright and vivid.  They blend well creating more than the 25 colors enclosed.  This is not a pricy product and is well worth the cost. A must for any artist or artist in training."
These pastels are awesome! You can't get a better value. Very easy to work with. I will buy them again.
"Got these on sale for the kids. They never made it to school as they wanted to play with them immediately. The kids compared them to others we had from a while back (another brand) and they said that they loved the ""smoothness"" of the pastels with this brand. Nice product.  LOTS of colors!"
"Got these on sale for the kids.  They never made it to school as they wanted to play with them immediately.  The kids compared them to others we had from a while back (another brand) and they said that they loved the ""smoothness"" of the pastels with this brand.  Nice product."
"These oil pastels are really like a very nice crayon, smooth and richly colored. Try these rather than a box of crayons sometime. Your children will enjoy the treat."
"Perfect for kindergarten kids. Thats about it. Slushy, poor pigment and breaks easily. Not even for a high school artist."
"got these today they are tiny, but cute, and seem to work fine for my purpose of writing cards and letters with a zip, for the price seems fair, they are a little thicker than a pencil, nice selection of colors, haven't tried blending with them yet though they seem like regular quality oils to me, though been a while, great for adult and kids is my recommendation, an affordable intro into oils.  Still love soft pastels the best but can't afford another set yet."
"The Item was shipped fast. The oil pastels were in great condition, not scattered about in the container. I using this item as filler item for my daughter for Christmas. I bought this with a nice spiral notebook. I am looking forward to seeing her wonderful art work. This item was so inexpensive you cant go wrong."
Bought this set for my upper elementary classroom. Great quality and fabulous price! We've already done one project and have plans to do another soon!
I have never used pastels before.  I am used to oil and acrylic paint.  This is a different experience and has taken some trial and error to get the knack of.  They seem very good.  I was trying to blend them with my finger but seem to have used too much or too many colors and they got waxy.  I figured out using them with strong strokes blended colors for me doing abstracts anyway.
I bought this for my sister when it was on sale. I figured it'll be useful for her since she's in high school. She likes to blend colors and this is perfect for that.
"My 6 year old raved about the pastels at her school, so I had to buy her some. These were really cheap, but a great product. The packaging is sturdy and has already lasted my daughter's rough handling."
"I am a beginner at pastels and didn't want to invest a fortune until I was sure it would be something I would enjoy.

I do.  And I enjoy these pastels.  My teacher was happy with the quality of both the paper and the pastels I chose from Amazon and is considering buying both for the classes she teaches in public schools.

If I ever 'advance' to higher quality products, I will be sure to compare them.

I did upload my first picture in case of curiosity!"
"These are great my grandaughter is very talented at drawing,we hang some of her artwork in our home and get quite a few people wanting to know who did the pictures,shipping was fast and the quality of the pastels was well worth every penny.i look forward to seeing what she does next. GREAT"
"The price on these oil pastels is really good. This is a good set to start with as it has a lot of colors and for the price, you can spend a lot of time getting to know how to use them and how to blend them without worrying that you are practicing with something that is expensive. It's a great set for beginners!"
"I got it for my three-year old girl.
She loved it.
very soft and great for coloring, vivid colors,
but it is broken easily,
and the carpet got dirty.
Not good for young kids."
I cannot comment on the quality of this set I bought it for my soon to be 17 yr. old Granddaugher who is planning on going to art school she has a natural talent with painting as well as sketching started at a very young age the set does look like it is good quality but who am I to say since I don't know too much about things such as this I am sure she will enjoy them....
This product fully met my expectations and was as described.  Great selection of colors and great price for a 50 color pastel set!
"This is a quality assortment of oil pastels, neatly packaged and easy to handle. Would highly recommend to anyone regardless of your proficiency in art."
Great price for an item costing a lot more in an art store.  I am purchasing this for art students at my school and I am able to do it at this low cost.
"We were going to go on vacation a couple weekends back.  This item caught my eye and I bought it for my little sister.  She absolutely loves it and has made some spectacular pictures with it.  For the price you can't complain if you know somebody that would appreciate these, or if you have the desire yourself."
"I love this set. I am new to using oil pastels, and I am delighted with the simplicity of this substance. It does get tricky when learning to blend colors or how to layer a little, but it wouldn't be fun or worth the paper it's on if its not a tiny bit challenging. This is a great beginners kit for learning to have fun creating art without all the discouraging complications or difficult challenges other mediums present. This is just one step up from sidewalk chalk to me. I would like even more colors. However, this has a wide range of variety and great quality for a bargain."
These Oil Pastel Sticks are about 3 inches in length and come in about every immaginable color.  They sketch beatifully onto regular hard back sketch paper and allow for very nice control.  If you are a modern or impressionist style sketcher then you will appreciate what you can do with these.  They are fun and of a high quality for their inexpensive price.
"I bought this pastel, shipping arrived quickly.  I painted it came out very beautiful.  Pastels have good quality.  Cheaper and it's very easy to use. If I run out probably I will buy this product soon."
These oil pastels are great. They are smooth and blend very nicely. Delivery was on time and the box was in perfect condition.
You simply cannot beat the price on this great set of pastels.  Every color of the rainbow and MANY more are included!
Great for budding artist and those further experienced alike.  My tweenies love this.  They especially love the blending capabilities of the colors.
this is a great set if you want to do a nice project but it is also inexpensive enough to let the little ones use for art!
"The variety quality and price of these oil pastels would be very hard to beat. I am extremly pleased and so was my daughter, will be back for more!"
"I've actually only used these a couple times, but when I have used them they're fun.  A nice range of vivid, blendable colors.  Obviously the blunt ends aren't going to be great for fine details, but you can get some fun textured effects by pushing hard with some sweeping strokes.  You blow through them really fast that way, but at six bucks a set why not?  (Try not to overdo it, though; they're soft, break easy.  And maybe check at local stores to avoid shipping.  = ) )  These are also an affordable alternative for artists who like colored pencils but can't afford the steep prices.  All around if you want to relax with some fun color, this is a great way to go."
"I really like that there is a large variety of colors to chose from. Bought them for the kids, I'm pretty sure they're going to have lots of fun with them. When I received the order some of the paints were sticking out wich is normal during delivery, thankfully none of them got broken. Great purchase!"
Bought these for my 6 yr old grand daughter and she absolutely loved them. Became her coloring tool of choice.
"Unlike specified in the description, these pastels did NOT come with a carrying case, and a few sticks got chipped a little (during shipping, I presume -- the shipping box was way too large and smashed on one side as if stomped on by an elephant). The shipping (from Buy.com) was free though (and only took 2 days!), so I still consider these pastels to be a good value.
The variety of colors is great and I didn't notice any odors as mentioned in someone else's review."
"I placed three different orders on amazon over 4-5 days, and this was the last order. I still received this before anything else. Plus the shipping was free, even when the order amount was just $6.99. The quality and variation in colors seem very good too. There is not carrying case as advertised though. But I got what I wanted and received it quickly. A good buy."
Product arrived on time.  A great product for the price.  Can easily blend and smooth multiple colors together.  Very versatile.
"I love these oil pastels, they are not ""top of the line"" (ie professional line) but you can't beat the color array for the price.  I'm an artist as a hobby only and I've had a lot of fun with them, definately worth the purchase.  I love the texture of oil pastels."
"This is good product on this price, I got shipped on time. All colors are bright and effective, easily blended, I am using different kind of stuffs for last 25 years and its really awesome..."
"use them all the time, not as good as the professional ones, but works great for just foolin around drawings."
Great quality!
Good product
"Incredible Price for the variety, but as mentioned in other reviews, you get what you pay for: nice variety of colors, but these don't blend well and make sure to use a light touch; I found them to be far too sticky if I paused on any spot. But great for beginner's."
Very nice quality for the price point.  Love the blending capability and adding these oil pastels to mixed media work.
I bought theses to work on blending. Maybe its just me bud it didn't work as well as I wanted.
Just a great deal
"I was looking for a pastel that would blend well and not have a lot of chalky residue to deal with. Well, there's no chalky dust, The sticks behave like waxy crayons and are impossible to blend. If you press hard wax builds up and it's impossible to blend at all. I'm extremely disappointed in this product after all the great reviews I read I'm wondering how children can get the results that are advertised. I guess you get what you pay for. I did see a video about how the oil pastels have a tendency to build a hard outer shell and need to be wiped off from time to time. I tried the suggestion and nothing changed. If you use a blending stub it removes the bright color and you end up with a dull flat color as you can see in the example I've included. I can only assume from the other reviews that I must have a very old set of these pastels that have turned to wax."
Great selection of colors. Too much wrapping on package
My daughter said she was very happy with Pastels  very high quality thank you
