"Perfect little sewing machine for beginners who just want to sew a patch on or a hem in there t-shirts! However, if you have never used a sewing machine, the instructions are not ""self-explanatory"". You have to do a little more research online to learn but overall, very good starter machine."
it was a gift for my 14 year old daughter and she loves it!! I did too so much I bought one for myself
What a sweet little machine. Sewing is not my thing but every now and then I need pants hemed or the seat or side sewn up and this does the trick. just wish the boben's had thread on them that you can use.
"I don't know what all the bad reviews are for - this machine matches my mother's full sized Singer machine! I've just recently finished sewing a bag, a blanket for my 4 year old and a whole ensemble for for baby dolls! It hasn't let me down! I would recommend this machine to anyone who lives in a tight space like I do!"
"This was a gift for my 8 year old granddaughter, and she absolutely loved it!! A perfect size, and great bargain..."
"The firt time I looked at this sewing machine I already knew it was a piece of junk. When I bought this for my dauter she started to use it right away. After a ten munutes it wouldent sew becuse it got stuck in the bobin and wasn't moving. So we had to fix it( and by the way it took very long) and when we started again it did the same thing,then I thougt to myself wow this thing is s piece of junk. So we tried again and again but it just didn't want move. Their my duater was standing there tears welling up in her eyes bcause she payed for all of it with her birthday money. Just to warn all of the people who look at this product NEVER BUY THIS PEICE OF CRAB BECAUSE IT WILL BREAK JUST LIKE THAT AND SINCE THERES A WARENTTY ON IT THEY WILL FINE YOU TWENTEY FIVE DOLLAR IF THEY THINK NOTHING WRONG WITH IT AND THEY WILL KEEP IT ANYWAY SO YOU ONLY GET TWELVE DOLLARS BACK  SO THERES NOTHING REALLY MUCH TO DO SO NEVER EVER BUY THIS CRAB OTHER WISE YOU WILL REGRETIT BECAUSE THE PEOPLE WHO MAKE IT ARE IDOTS."
"This Sewing Machine is good for little girls who would like to learn how to start sewing and then move to the larger ones or even for Grow Ups that do not know how to sew yet, yes I have work with this machine an this one is good one for a STARTER not for one that is a pro at sewing they will knock it down. World you let your 10 to 13 year old work your manchine that will maybe cost over $ 200 or higher. I do not think so you would want them to start out slow and something that is easy. How I know this i am 45 years old and did not know one thing about sewing at all and I wanted to learn it. In  High school I didn't go for sewing I went to cooking and  I am a chef today but didn't know how to sew 2 years ago. I say yes to this Little Sewing Machine really it is not all that little."
"THANK YOU SO MUCH, THE MACHINE ARRIVE VERY SOON, AND I USED PERFECTLY IT.  IS A MINI MACHINE WITH A PERFECT FUNCTIONS. THANK YOU  VERY VERY MUCH."
"I didn't want an expensive sewing machine. I just wanted to hem my boy's pants which are always too long, and it works for that. The instructions are pretty bad but with a little help from Youtube I figured it out. I was able to rethread the bobbins and use the thread I had without any problem. I think if I, who has never used a sewing machine in his life can figure it out, just about anybody can."
I was sad that only way the machine work was with the bobbins and thread  that came with it. I even empty one of the bobbins to use with new thread and did not work right. The machine works with thin fabric it does not work with heavy fabric very will.
good for children's beginners
Cheaply made
It didn't work the Bob wasn't catching I want a new one
"Stopped working after the fourth time I used it. Can't figure out why, tried everything in the guide."
"I bought this for my 10 year old granddaughter who is just learning to sew.  Speed control was a little difficult for her, but all in all it sewed great and I love that it can be plugged in or operated by batteries.  This should be all she needs for a couple of years, but it would also be great for someone who travels like in an RV."
"Cute, small, and great for beginners. Will update review after some time using it."
Save your money. Little pieces broke off immediately. I managed to get one item done and that was it.
Im giving this sewing machine 1 star because I have to. After hemming the bottoms of about 7 pairs of pants it stopped working on me. The bobbin will not rotate at all. I checked for threads and I even unscrewed it to check the inside. Nothing. Its done.
I was a great machine but not for me
"Perfect little machine for quick touch ups,etc. I use it in Mexico where we spend months."
Great
"Practically useless. Breaks and bends needles, the bottom parts always getting out of whack and now so tired of ""fixing"" it mid-task that it has sat on the shelf for months now."
"I grew up sewing with my mom and our crappy cheap Machine. I remember my mom getting mad at our old machine. Well I get mad at this machine With Fleece it works great other med fabrics it is all good. It bunched up like CRAZY with light stretching fabric to the point I was ready to threw it out the window. I do not know why My thread would just break when sewing. That was very annoying. I would be doing fine going along and Snap the tread would rip I would have to thread the needle and try again. I don't know I am not a real sewer just a once a year sewer.

Since I do not sew much I will keep trying this thing out because I am too cheap to spend money on a new one. You get what you pay for. This will get the job done but it will take longer than it needs to and you might get mad at it a few times and have to walk away. BUT other than that is works fine."
Got tangled and broke after 1st use didn't have the patience to try to fix.
"for not knowing how to sew at all, this really helped me learn . for a basic machine this is quite the deal. I can see children leggings, blouses, etc. it's a great deal with the sewing kit and fabric cutter. I'm excited to see what creations I come up with."
"Machine worked fine for five soft cotton four-inch pillows. After completing the pillow projects, the needle would break during sewing! The bobbin case seemed misaligned.  I called the Tivac company customer service/tech support; they suggested I watch their videos on how to repair bobbin problems.since my 0ne year warranty just expired.  I followed the video instructions over and over again but, to no avail. Now I'm stuck with a non-working plastic sewing machine.  I'm so disappointed that I didn't even get my $$s worth!!!  My advice: invest in a  BETTER sewing machine, DON'T waste your $$ on this product."
"I had purchased this for my granddaughter, but decided she was a little too young.  I have returned it as her other grandmother bought her a toy sewing machine."
Ridiculously small you should say is a toy
"Not powerful enough to sew thicker fabrics. It kept getting jammed.  The thread keeps getting tangled up when trying to connect the bobbin and some of the bobbins don't work. I had to throw them out. The directions are very small and I couldn't figure out how to thread it so I had to YouTube a video. Fun for a child learning. Positive, I love all the bonuses it comes with because not every bobbin was faulty. It worked fine on my basic fabrics and the electric scissors work great!!"
Let me preface this by saying this is the second budget sewing machine I've tried. The first was a cheaper smaller model. Trying to save money I ended up wasting $20. Unwilling to give up I gave this model a shot. This time I hit a home run. This is a great little machine. Quiet smooth and makes a flawless stitch. Now I'm glad I didn't give up.
My bobbin holder broke... Worked on it for 2 days and essential it cannot fix. :(
"I bought this item for my granddaughter for Christmas, and unfortunately when we finally sat down with it this week.  I did not work.  The threads kept jamming and the fabric would not go through.  After several tries and several days. the point of frustration has come to an end.  I finally ordered a tried and true name Singer today, and hopefully, it will not disappoint us.
Unfortunately, now I find that I cannot return this item because the time period as elapsed.  I am a frequent Amazon user, and I would like to know what my recourse is.  Please help."
Nice starter
Lasted 1month. I would not recommend
I ordered this sewing machine for my 7 year old granddaughter for Christmas.  She sewed on it for 5 minutes before the bobbin jammed up.  I followed all of the instructions to reset the bobbin and it would just spin around in the machine and not make stitches.  I called the Michley company to see if they had any suggestions.  They said it was defective and to return it. I thought I would try another one and Amazon was good about sending another on right out.  I opened it and tried it out.  The stitch selector was stuck between two stitches and it would not move no matter what I did. Therefore it would not stitch. I am a Family and Consumer Science teacher and I have repaired many sewing machines in my day. There was nothing that could be done to fix either one of these. It has the potential to be a good little machine for the young beginner sewer but it does need to work! I am returning both for a refund and I will do a bit more research and spend my money on a different more reliable product.
"Perfect first sewing machine for my grandma, she absolutely loved it! Great price, came with electric scissors which was perfect for her! Would definitely recommend and consider purchasing again."
"PERFECT!!!
incredibly easy to use, very high quality, and small and easily transportable"
no good
"It was the worst song machine I could have ever purchased the power cord, never were I should send it back, but it just wasn't worth the hassle. I just wish you would send me a new one a better one"
"Originally, we were happy with this machine. We bought it as a gift for our 7 year old. She sewed a blanket for our dog without any issues and then the next project gave us nothing but problems. We tried to troubleshoot as it looks like its the bobbin casing not staying in place, however everything we have tried still only allows 2 stitches and then the bobbin thread breaks. Very unhappy with this machine. It really feels more like a toy than an actual sewing machine."
Son loves it
"This is not an adult sewing machine.  I bought it just to do mending.  It moves way too slow.  Took forever to sew a sheet,just mend it.
 Very disappointed.
Perhaps Barbie would like it."
Too cheap
"I wish I could give it 0 stars. All the attachments were missing the Bob pin, needle, scissors and the thread set.

The foot pedal n adapter literally came.in a zip lock.

The box was completely torn. Very disappointed with the product. Returned immediately waste of time n money"
Lasted for a year and half then it started to smoke.
"Perfect, easy to use. We love it."
"My daughter used this machine a couple of times and the bobbin startes to slip.  It got worse as we worked on a project.  I watched an online video of how to fix the problem.  It did not help.  I called customer service and they said there was nothing they could do.  Cheap machine, poor customer service.  Don't waste your money."
"Ok figured it out ,it works fine but only with name brand needles. The bulk set of needles I purchased to go along with this machine  are junk, the machine is fine for the price , but one that cost twice as much would be worth it. This one 54 dollars or 108 for a really descent one, if did again would buy more expensive one ,just for the speed of a larger one. This one does sew fine."
"Wonderful machine, completely new to sewing. Extremely easy to operate and thread the bobbin. Extreme value for the money...previously purchased a Singer and it doesn't compare to this machine whatsoever."
Terrible had to return it once and now again.
Perfect to teach my five year old granddaughter. Quality is perfect and portability is great.
Works well
It broke
Good little machine for small task such as mending and such.
Kids took to it right away. Works well and is a good fit for them.
"I had this sewing machine for a few months now. Since I received an Amazon Gift card, I decided to spend it in this simple sewing machine. I didn't want anything too high tech, but something that gets the job done. And it did just that, until around the 10th use. It was working fine at first, except for the couple of times the bobbin got stuck. But it didn't bother me too much since I was mostly sewing clothes for my dog and pillow cases. But soon, it got worse. The thread would continously just come out of the needle. The bobbin was difficult to replace. The needle broke(I then purchased another needle at the dollar store). And now it won't even sew! For some reason, the thread keeps tearing, and it's not because the thread quality. I used various ones, and it's the same thing. It took my FOUR hours to sew a t-shirt for my TINY 8-POUND Dog because I spent so much time fixing every problem the sewing machine presented. But I should of considered myself lucky, because now it won't sew at all! And trust me, I took VERY good care of this machine after reading reviews of it being flimsy. I just figured the people who wrote those reviews weren't taking care of the machine. I was wrong. Don't even get this for a child. They will be disappointed when it stops working."
Me gust mucho
"Bought this on Prime day this past summer but haven't had a chance to use it until today. It was simple to set up but it was not worth the price. I purchased this small sewing machine just to do some side projects, but it doesn't hold up as well as I thought it would. The thread gets caught every few stitches and it gets inconvenient to have to adjust and then readjust just to complete a small hem."
love it
Total regret. It constantly jams and the thread they send it with is so cheap. Bought this for small projects but it's worthless. Don't waste your time or money. They probably won't allow this review since it's negative.
"Broke after about 10 uses. When it was working, the thread wouldn't always flow right. Spend twice as much, and get a good sewing machine. If you buy this one, you will regret it in the long term."
"I hava this machine for a while, it barely does anything, you can not change the foot, you can not do the thick fabric and it stucks very often ...
Its just a toy. If you want to make something, buy a Real sewing machine"
pretty cool
Don't waste you money
Perfect for my daughter to learn to sew. Works great and feels solid... I've used it some myself.
This machine has been the perfect machine for my granddaughters to learn on. Love it!
It is very easy to use. A bit noisy. Does not do a good job winding bobbins. I bought this for my 6 y/o grandson. He wanted to sew so bad. Makes a good starter machine for a young person. I don't care for the fact that it runs automatically when you use the fast or slow button.
"Great little sewing machine. Haven't used one in near 20 years and it was easy. Just had a problem with the thread breaking, I think. Comfortable saying user error.

Giving this 4 stars though because of the thread set in the combo. I jumped all over it when I saw it because I didn't want to deal with bobbins. However, it wasn't until I started sewing that I realized they weren't a matching set, which was infuriating."
Awesomw
It's really handy and so small I get put it various places.
Works even better than I had hoped!
Broke Xmas morning.
Very bad
"It's not a good product, I am not satisfyed....."
"Okay, I bought this machine 6 years ago and hadn't used it until today.  I loaned it to a neighbor for a small repair job and she couldn't get it to work.  I suspect she was doing something in error, as my big one has to go to the shop so I got this one out and it works just fine!  Actually, it works better than my big one, at the moment.  I have to admit that some of the instructions were misleading and confusing and the photos in the manual are horrid, but I looked at You Tube videos before I even threaded it the first time, so I knew what I was supposed to do.  This is gonna be a great little machine for small projects like sewing through paper for paper flowers or rubber stamped cards, as well as smaller sewing projects.  Tested all the stitches and buttons and it's all fine.  Really looking forward to finally using it more!"
"I bought this machine two years ago. When I bought this machine, in the box, there was a practice fabric sewed many times and there was also a needle fixed in the machine. I had never used a sewing machine before, but it looked obvious that it was a returned item. However, I didn't think of it as a big deal. After two years, finally, I took sewing classes and started using the machine. It broke a string several times and I found out that the inner mechanism was entangled with other strings. And I suspect that's why the pedal doesn't go smoothly. It keeps stopping. So I figured now that somebody who bought this machine broke it and returned it. And the company/Amazon--I don't know who--resold it after not even looking inside the box. That's how I ended up having this somebody else's practice fabric and a needle which was super big that made big holes in my shirts. I was going to use it anyways, but now that I don't know how to get rid of the entangled part inside, I don't know what to do. I would love to return it if possible. I don't know whom to ask for a return--Michley-Tivax company or Amazon, who didn't take a look at the box of a returned item."
"I bought this machine for small repairs in clothing or other fabrics and did not use the machine other than sewing a few test stitches on a piece of material that cam with the machine. Having had a few cool evenings I pulled out a lite windbreaker and while putting it on ripped the inner sleeve liner so I thought this would be a good project for the Lil' Sew & Sew. It started out fine, but the damaged sleeve liner needed about 10"" of sewing repair. After about half way through the sewing project the thread broke, so I re-threaded the needle and proceeded to sew but it was not making any stitches. I troubleshoot the machine to see why it wouldn't pick up the bobbin thread including watching youtube videos to make sure the bobbin case was lined up correctly. After assuring proper needle threading, bobbin case alignment  I couldn't get it to pick up the bobbin thread which took me another 20-30 min. to accomplish. It finally started to sew properly again for about a 3 inch strip and then wouldn't pick up the bobbin thread again, at this point I was so frustrated I gave up on the repair and the machine has been sitting on a little table I purchased just for the machine and I am at my wits end. I wish I would have done more sewing upon receiving this crappy machine so this would have happened sooner and I could have packed the demon up and sent it back and looked on craigslist for a real sewing machine."
not goog product
My daughter has enjoyed learning to sew on this machine. I have even used it in a pinch for a quick repair!
"I have had this junk for a month and a half and have only used it for about 5 times. It would work ok, but the last time I was using it, it jammed and would not sew anymore.  I cannot return it and I'm stuck with a piece of junk. Do yourself a favor and spend a little more for a better sewing machine."
"Good value, doesn't handle jean fabrics"
"Needle keeps bending. Can not use on.  It needs to be returned, but there does not seem to be an option"
"This thing was a disaster and a waste of time. Not only did it never work, it set me back days. Save your time and money, and wait until you can buy something bigger and more substantial."
"save your money. I bought this for an 8-yr-old child who is learning to sew. It was ok for the first few hours of use, but when the bobbin thread jammed, I was unable to get the bobbin working again after that (I'm an experienced sewist and can usually fix things like that). I tried looking for answers via the online manual, to no avail.  Gave up in frustration and bought her a Brother sewing machine (JX2517) from Walmart.  She absolutely loves it and is quite capably using it with minimum supervision.  The Brother really doesn't take up that much more space, and it's a huge improvement in ease of use."
Do not buy doesn't work at all ive tried working it what a waste of money wish i Can get my money back
Stopped working the second time I used it.
Honestly this machine is a joke. Probably the worst experience I've ever had with a machine. I needed something super cheap asap and thought this one would be good for me. But I honestly wouldn't get this for a ten year old. You're better off getting a singer or brother machine than this old piece of crap
Very nice. Is a gift for my grandson. Am teaching him to sew.
Very low quality.
It's kind of a toy but it works really well for people like me who don't need fancy stitching or make intricate designs. Pretty straightforward operation and I like the size
"I bought this to do craft and sewing projects with my daughter (7). I love this thing!! This is a perfect model for beginners who don't want to spend a lot to learn. Not sure why people are having trouble with the bobbin. The directions are very clear and straight forward. I'm currently using it to make outdoor canvas cushions, and have used it to make doll clothes, gloves, and stuffed animals. This is a stripped down, bare bones, beginner's machine. For $50-$60, it is well worth it."
Super awesome Happy Time!!!
"The item worked for 3 sides of absolute straight sewing.  No more than about 48"" each side.  Then the bobbin gets stuck.  There are instructions and vids out there showing you how to correct the bobbin wobble issue nothing on a stuck bobbin.  I even checked the tension and adjusted it as needed.  So I went out and bought one from a big box store."
i lovet
"Works ok. Has issues, not major."
It's okay for my 10 year old as a starting machine.  The peddle does not work consistent though.
I am sewing again and I didn't need a four hundred dollar machine 
"i used this machine one time to sew some pillowcases (about 5). when i went to use it again a few months later to sew more pillowcases it jammed every time i tried to sew a straight stitch.  i took it in to see if it could be fixed and they said the tread was slipping off the top which caused the bobbin to jam.  they tried several time to sew on it, but it jammed every time.  no way to really""fix"" it.. now i have to look at buying a new machine. would not recommend this even for simple craft projects which is why i bought it."
"Used this item once and it started falling apart the machine started falling apart.  Unable to repair and stopped working immediately.  I even purchased a protection plan and they claimed it did not cover accidents.  The only accident that occurred was the purchase of this item.  DO NOT PURCHASE THIS ITEM, ITS THE WORST STARTER MACHINE!!!!"
Cheap save your money to buy a good one.
I am not big on believing reviews but now i wish I had!  The bobbin replacement just does not work!  I also watched many you tube videos and nothing worked!  Garbage machine!  Its now costing me $10.50 to return this POS!
"I just got mine TODAY!! I decided to get this one because of price and that I'm some what new at sewing. I know the basics of a sewing machine though. When I got it imwas already threaded which is fine, but my first projected needed blue thread. So I started to rethread the machine. Once I got to the bobbin, it wouldn't catch! I watched 5 different YouTube videos, reread the instructions a BUNCH of times. And then decided okay I'll see if it's the trouble shooting that is in the video on this page. I couldn't get the main peace off to even try to fix it!! I am returning it for a refund. Yes I understand you get what you pay for but $40 should get me a machine that works for atleast 3 months.

So if you get it I highly recommend to rethreading it first thing."
"Bought this for my wife as a birthday gift. She loves it as it works very well. Good purchase, definitely recommended."
I bought two of these as gifts for my young kid .They both enjoyed learning to sew on them. Glad I found them
For a light weight compact sewing machine it does a superb job. Made some tablecloths and curtains with ease.
"I bought this machine to help my 10 year old granddaughter learn to sew and have fun.  What a waste of money.  We set it up and it worked for about 3 days. ( Made a head band and a small pillow) The bobbin  set up is the worst. No matter how I tried ( and I took it apart  and put back several times as per the U Tube video), I can not get the thread to be picked up by the needle. I noticed that I was not alone from reading the comments regarding the  U Tube video. I would say 85% said that even after doing exactly what the video showed, the bobbin still did not work. I would not bother to buy this machine at any cost. I wouldn't want it FREE!!  I bought a Singer on Prime Day and I love it. I paid about $45 for the Lil Sew and Sew and about $100 for my Singer. I should have saved myself all the aggravation and bought a better machine the first time."
sewing machine is very small like a child toy sewing machine
Great
Bought for my 9 yr old niece. started acting up right after she started using it.  her dad said he would look at it to try to fix IIDK if he ever did. they live in another state. I should have heeded the other reviews and never bought this.
"I need to return the sewing machine is not working right.
Can you please email me a return label.  If I should say it had a factory default.  Cause when you turn it on it immediately starts sewing before youth get a chance to step on the for peddle... then it gets stuck and quits..."
"My daughter's first sewing machine.  Got it for her for Christmas just before she turned 12.  She has learned to sew all sorts of things from little pillows to stuffed animals (with some help).  Machine seems easy to use, and is quite capable - this is not a toy.  Seems to be a bit smaller than a traditional machine that grandma had, but it also has a handle on top which makes it nicely portable as she brings it to her mom's house, or my girlfriend's house to work on sewing projects.  Not sure is you can sew a wedding dress with it (quite possibly) but so far has been a great starter machine for my creative daughter."
"Good item, easy to use, thanks"
it can not work.
"Bought it in 2011, never used it, took it out yesterday, it doesn't work at all. Going to bin it today!"
"This machine did not hold up well at all. The tension went after just a few simple , straight forward repair jobs."
Item didn't work had to return & get refund.
"Good machine for light sewing, won't go thru seams too good, but it easy to use. if your buying for everyday sewing you better expect to pay a lot more money. Its good for the money ."
Quit working after 3 uses.
Great sewing machine for beginners.
Broke on me the day I tried to use it.
"I bought this for my God Daughter as a surprise. I have yet to give it to her being I'm waiting til her bday. I opened it and tested everything before gift wrapping it and this thing has a lot of power for it's size,the price was reasonable and delivery was on time and packaged well. I even purchased a cover and an extention plate. If you have a little one who is showing interest in sewing this is a must buy to support their creativity!"
I bought this sewing machine and got it in mid-April. After using it twice the piece of junk broke and it was too late to return it. Buyers beware.
My daughter is so happy.  This is just the right size for a beginner. 2skirts and counting!
Bought this for my grand daughter who wants to learn to sew  this did not work right out of the box thread kept jamming the bobbon would not pick up as it  should watched a couple of you tube videos they didn't help  so am sending it back I see a lot of good reviews and  I hope they have good luck with this
"It worked for about a year and then stopped working. It can be used on thin cloth material, because it is not was very powerful to do big stitching like stitching jeans or other think cloth materials. I would definitely not recommend it if you want something to last long."
it doesnt work right. the bobbin keeps coming loose and jamming. apparently this is a recurring problem with this particular model. had i known that i would not have bought it
"So let me start by saying that I'm no seamstress and I bought this with the intention of trying to learn how to sew simple things. I've had this machine for almost a year and been trying off and on with NO success to get it to work. The bobbin is the biggest pain to thread and the holder for it doesn't turn. Tension is awful and it tore a HOLE in a scrap piece I was practicing with. I haven't been able to fix it because the inside screw is difficult to reach and when I used a smaller flat head to try to unscrew it, it broke off a piece of the flat head into the screw! DO NOT believe the good reviews. I thought I would try it b/c reviews were mixed but after almost a year I can confidently say this is an awful and poorly made product with bad instructions both written (included) and online. I found the Tivax video tutorials on it to be of little to no use because most of them have no audio and the video does not zoom close enough to really show what the instructor is doing with the machine. Do yourself a favor and put the money towards a better machine that actually works!"
Absolutely hate this thing. Went to use it and the bobbin won't turn at all. Can't figure out how to fix it and it been 4 hours online just looking on how to fix it myself. This sucks.
This product did not function properly.  returned it the next day.
The sewing machine is really awesome and works well. It comes in handy when I'm making my Spider Man masks
"Excellent quality, works perfect"
Fast delivery and great product
"this little machine is very practical, I got two one for my mom , I send it out of the country , and one for me , it's great , it's small, light and easy .thank you."
"Barely works on practice fabric they provided. Tried multiple types of my own fabrics, threads, and tension levels, etc. Simply does not sew. Stitches do not form leaving only holes in your fabric and unwinded thread. Do not waste your time or money on this. I learned my lesson trying to buy an inexpensive machine."
Used only twice and broke.
When I opened the box and took it out I noticed a piece had broken off. Had to return it.
Not thrilled with this purchase.  You get what you pay for I guess.
I bought this last year and tried sewing with it on 3 different occasion s and always wound up hand sewing it ...really wish I would have returned it immediately really bad
Sewing machine was working for about a day before the thread jammed up in the fabric. The thread snapped off and the bobbin came undone. I rethreaded the machine but it would not see the needle would go in and out of the fabric but not thread the fabric. You get what you pay for.
I am not happy this product
very good
"I wish I invested in a higher quality machine. The adapter stopped working and so I decided to use batteries. However, the coils in the battery compartment are different sizes so the batteries won't work. Now im sewing by moving the dial by hand until I save money to buy a better quality machine. Hate it Hate it Hate it. Even when it did work the cheap thread constantly broke off now matter what the tension was. Terrible purchase,"
"NOT a toy, but don't expect it to sew heavy fabrics. Note that if you order the cover, there have been many mixups with the size - we got the cover for a model 202 inside a bag labeled for the 505. Amazon refunded the price of the cover."
Not too bad
granddaughter loves it.
"Okay for the price, but tends to break a lot of needles."
"Bought this as a Christmas gift for my niece she loves it.
I like it because it's so easy to use and learn. Win win"
"Great if you need an inexpensive super basic sewing machine! Unfortunately, some of the parts on mine separated. I was able to take it apart & fix it, thankfully. Hopefully the next model will be sturdier."
Does not work
"Thank you so much, it's realy good"
Pretty easy to use!
Thread breaks and also gives irregular stitches. Machines are used to ease up the work. This machine has lot of problems.
I'm so late but she still have and enjoying it.
"Great buy! I would recommend, its small but functional."
Very disappointed.  I finally had the chance to get this machine out over the weekend and it was a waste of my money.  I made it through one project before it just stopped sewing.  Now I will have to buy a new machine to finish what I started.
"Great for sewing clothing and pretty much everything else! It gets through some pretty thick fabric also. I was very surprised! Compact and small, I can just throw it in the closet when I'm done with it."
"its a craft machine, the pedal is very slow in speed its faster with the on off butons"
"For simple projects and mending, which is about my speed, this is a great little machine!"
"After using it for a short period of time, the machine is malfunctioning.  The cheap, plastic bobbin house is spinning with the motion of the machine. and preventing the needle from descending properly.  There's no foreseeable way to fix this problem.  I wish the second time this was needed hadn't been several months from the first use or I would certainly return this.  Now I'm left wondering where I can recycle this piece of ----"
"I'll admit I was a bit apprehensive about buying this machine when I read the mixed reviews, but I decided to give it a go, and am so glad I did. My little Michley, which I've nicknamed ""Mitch"", is fabulous for sewing on the go!  Lightweight and extremely portable, I can take it out in nature to sew while hubby is fishing or swimming.

I'm so happy it has so many stitch options, back stitch, and that it doesn't require a foot pedal (though it does include one).  It's ""fast"" speed isn't as fast as my big plug-in Brother, but still does the job.  I was expecting to sew smaller items with this machine, mainly prototypes to practice before sewing large scale on my big machine.  However, with care (and using the hand crank for the thick parts) I've been able to sew through three layers and have created a few zippered bags and pouches with ""Mitch"".

The only thing lacking with this machine is the user manual.  However, the fact that it even comes with a manual in this day and age is pretty awesome.  As other reviewers have mentioned, take advantage of the YouTube videos if you need help.  I had to watch to figure out how to rewind the bobbin thread when it ran out - that video was extremely helpful!

 This is a fantastic machine, but not necessarily a replacement for a larger, more powerful plug-in machine.  Remember, a sewing machine is a power tool.  You will not magically make beautiful, wonderful things without knowing how to operate your tools!  While I think this is a great machine for a beginner (and have taught a teen very basic sewing on mine) I'd advice anyone to use the YouTube and other online resources to learn how to use this machine specifically and how to sew in general."
PIE OF CRAP!
it works great. however the thread keeps getting tangled in the silver thing
To small does not work
Great for mending and small sewing projects
"It worked great for about 15 minutes!  As many other reviewers said, it constantly jams.  Worked great at first.  Now it jams after two stiches.  I clear the thread, remove and replace bobbin, rethread and get another two stiches.  Returning."
"I used it to sew some things .. It worked well but I tried to change the thread a week after the first use, and it stopped working.. I missed the return deadline by a week."
The worst sewing machine I've ever used. It keeps getting the fabric caught and all together a terrible machine DO NOT BUY!!!!!!!!!
We got the machine and it worked fine at first. But now it has broken almost exactly after refunds or exchanges are available. The motor died. We would like to exchange it for a refund....  at this point I recommended NOT buying this machine.
need to practice more
"I have sewn most of my life. I know how it ""should"" work.  No matter what I did, I could not get it to sew at all.  I tried for two hours before, I quit.  Unfortunately, I got it for Christmas and didn't try it until today, so I missed the return deadline.  I'm bummed!!!"
"Maybe I just got a lemon, but mine is junk. Doesn't catch the bobbin thread from the bottom, and even if you bring it through manually, it doesn't sew, it just makes holes in the material."
This is not a good machine thread keeps jamming and needles pop I paid for a toy and not a teaching toy either...
"We have needed a small, simple to operate, basic machine for doing small repairs and this unit is perfect for us. It came ready to use after installing the batteries and plugging in the foot switch.  It came with a test patch of cloth showing that all the stitches were tested. The instructions were basic but easy to follow. We have already used it to repair some clothes and am satisfied that this machine is very good.
I do not know why some people are so critical about reviewing this unit, It was never designed to take the place of a full size sewing machine, it is made very well and is heavy enough that it does not move around when using it."
"first off i'm transgender woman  neither there or here giving you an heads up that's all. i bought the machine to learn sewing and practice on instead of using my moms old sears machine .  i wouldn't  that machine mess that up, any rate the lil sew and sew is an excellent learn sewing machine easy to operate and use and quite fun actually . shown is two pictures of me wearing my dress i made by myself a from pinerest tutorial using velvet from amazon the machine handled it. no bobbin issues  motor issues  only thing wrong is the pedal is half working  and malfunctioning  thats the truth. besides that the machine is excellent  and works perfectly."
Great little machine.
"I got this for my wife as a Christmas gift....She hadn't taken it out of the box yet to use it until a few days ago and the thing doesn't work. We tried re-threading it several times, researched online and it still won't work. It's definitely broken or has a defect. It's been longer than the return period and I can't seem to find the ""Contact Seller"" button. Very disappointed... I would like an exchange or a refund."
"I would recommend this for a child learning how to sew... maybe. It broke the needle while I was hemming a super lightweight linen.

Also the bobbin winding function only works with a particular type of thread/ this isn't mentioned to you.

I just wanted a simple machine for light sewing but this is basically a toy that can barely sew."
stop making it  ! has to be the worst ever. i wanted it for small jobs unless the material is very and i mean very thin this machine is useless. i do not reccomend this product sew by hand it wil be better. will return it for sure
This machine was the perfect gift for my 90 year young Mom. Her standard sewing machine was to large and heavy for her to use when she needed to use it. It has also become too difficult to adjust auth her eye sight and aging motor skills. This smaller machine is simple yet sturdy for simple tasks such as mending and hemming. Great quality for the price and because of the size it's easy to store if one doesn't have a designated sewing area. Very happy with the purchase.
Bought this for a 8 year old grandchild and she loves it. Easy to use and a great starter machine.
Please don't buy it.. The Thread gets cut every few seconds.
"Does not work at all, even for soft thin cloth. Do not buy!!!"
Worst product. Didn't work for even a single time.our money wasted.the problem with this product is warranty only for three months.they know it would not work after three months.a big mistake for cheaper product
Don't bother with this piece of junk. My granddaughter spends more time fighting with it than sewing on it
"Excellent product, just what I was looking for"
get's the simple job done!
"It was under powered, but it will the job. Its nice that it was small & lightweight."
Gave my wife grief and she finally boxed it back up.
I loved the machine when I received it but I was only able to use it once and then it broke something inside and have not bee able to use it again.  It cannot be repaired.  A waste of my money.. Wait and invest in a better machine..
Please do not purchase. It is very cute but the bobbin does not function when I thread it.
Machine stopped working shortly after purchase. Don't waste your money.
"9 year old learning on it. a little diificult, but nice machine."
"I bought 4 of these machines for grandchildren and not one of them worked. They were able to sew a couple of seams before running into problems with the thread breaking. The threading of the machine was correct, The threading of the bobbin was correct. Not one machine worked after the first few seams. This was such a disappointment and a real bust as a Christmas gift. I am so very disappointed as are the children."
What is the size and weight of the machine
"I rarely use this, but I love it when I do need it! It's the perfect size for someone starting out, or just needing it for fix ups"
"Bought 2 machines, one for my 12 yr old granddaughter and one for my 7 yr old granddaughter. Both had expressed an interest in sewing and had constantly asked for a sewing machine. These were the best gifts they could have received, they love their machines. I've been holding basic sewing classes with them and these machines are perfect. There's another young girl at my church who wants to learn how to sew but her mother told me she didn't have a machine and I told her that was ok because my mom had a machine she could use but then I thought about the machines I had gotten for my granddaughters and I decided to order one for her. I personally think these are wonderful machines for young girls. So far we have had no issues with anything. Thanks for having such a nice machine at a reasonable price!"
"I am not a seamstress by any means but I needed a reliable simple sewing machine to mend tears, secure hems, and make simple covers for cushions and pillows. This machine does the job. I was surprised how small it was when I opened the box, but here size does not matter. I am able to sew heavy denim and thin polyester materials without any problems. There are several stitch selections and I have only tried three that work well. This machine can also run on AA batteries without bogging down, so you can use it anywhere. I you need a compact sewing machine you can just take out of your cabinet or off your shelf and mend a torn jacket, move a hemline, assemble a pillow or cover, then this machine is for you. For under $50.00, it's a bargain."
"This little machine has potential, but a poorly constructed bobbin holder is its downfall.  Getting the bobbin thread picked up by the needle took dismantling the sewing machine every time--sometimes multiple times!  Yuck.  Once it actually started sewing, it worked pretty well.  But who needs to tear your machine apart just to get it threaded?!?!  This was a gift, and it got returned for a much sturdier Singer (for not much more money)."
"Sending machine back. Issues with the bobbin housing. How anyone can sew with this defect is beyond me. When you google troubleshooting for this machine, the bobbin issues are the first to pop up."
I like the machine.  It sews well for a small machine
My daughter loves it.... She's sewing everyday.
Can't barely see the eyelet.
Great beginner sewing machine.
Would be great for light or not so medium sewing but nothing heavy.
I purchased this as a present for my 12 year old to learn to sew on. It's poorly made and has ended up being more of a headache than a gift. I was afraid that the more advanced machines would of been too difficult to learn on so I went with this one and I was wrong.
Great
"What a great little machine.  This is wonderful for someone learning to sew or for a child wanting to learn.  We haven't had it long, but it seems to do most all a full size sewing machine can do and we are very happy with this product.  Definitely a great choice on our part and this seller is wonderful."
Very impressive sewing machine.
"This was a great machine for a first time sewer, small and easy for a young person to handle."
I got this sewing machine for my 10 year old granddaughter for Christmas and she simply loves it it is easy for her to use lightweight and she's been showing every day
Ok
great
"getting the bottom bobbin to thread through took a while for my husband and i to figure out. the instructions weren't great so we had to watch a few videos on the internet. but once it got going, it was great. nice little sewing machine for a beginner (me, coming from all hand sewing) or just for little projects."
It did come with a broken spool holder.  I had to super glue it .
Started to smoke the first time I used it. Nope.
Was as expected. This was a gift so I don't know how it sews.
"My 10 year old daughter received this sewing machine as a Christmas gift and she loves it!  It's very simple, yet has lots of different stitches to pick from and even has a light that helps with threading the needle. My daughter made a book marker and even sewed her name on it using the different stitches. She also made a pillow out of an old t-shirt."
Very easy to use
"Worked fine for the three days before it jammed up on me. After that, no amount of rethreading would fix it. Save you're money for something better, this thing is hardly worth the price of shipping."
Seems to be a very nice little machine!
Great starter sewing machine!
My daughter loves this machine.  It's sturdy and easy to use.  There are a variety of settings and even threading the needle is a breeze.  My daughter has sewn a small change purse and is ready to work on larger items.  I'd buy the product again.
Broke after the first day.  Bobbin stopped working and could not fix it even after following youtube video instructions.  Returned it.
"Tiny sewing machine,  more like a toy. Wanted a ""real"" sewing machine. Description very misleading."
Bought this for Christmas for my 10 year old granddaughter who has been wanting to learn to sew.  She loves it.  I have helped her to understand how to use the machine and basic sewing tips.  She made her first project today with a little help.  The machine works great!
Product doesn't work
nice starter machine
"Bought for the wife, she says she loves it and I get my pants hemmed !"
My grand daughter was thrilled
I gave only one star be cause I did not even buy it so I can have no opinion of it.
"I also ordered the red cover for the machine, and paid for it, but I didn't receive it.  This is disappointing."
"great little item.
Highly recommend for anyone getting back into sewing and anyone new at it."
Easy to use.
I really love this little sewing machine although I'm having an issue with the backstitch. When I try to backstitch the needle gets bent. What a shame.  If it didn't all of a sudden start bending the needle when I tried to backstitch a couple stitches then would've given it five stars .  Hopefully I can figure it out and get this thing working right again because I really do like it .
"Giving to Grandson for Christmas!  Have not used it yet.
We just opened it in June 5, 2017..........School is out and now he can sew.  He is 10 years old & likes crafting.  The machine is a very nice working machine.  Simple  and easy to use.  I recommend this machine to a new sewer.  It sew a real nice firm seam with reverse and 8 stitch styles.  Enjoy!"
More toy like than I was expecting. Works well.
My daughter is just learning to sew and this is a perfect starter machine
Not happy at all.  Bought this product so that I would be able to make my Christmas present for my family this year.  I used it about 3 times now the bobbin will not move I was unable to move the needle up and down.  and they don't supply you with the tools to be able to make minor repairs on this item.  Will not be purchasing this or anything else this year until the problem is resolved.
WOW! This is a great little machine. I used it to repair a slip cover and it worked perfectly. I am a full time RV'er and its small size is perfect for my limited space.
She loved it and how simple it was to use for those small everyday problems.
"I lovet, good size, Easy to work anywhere"
"Metal pieces rough and unfinished.  Cheap thread, provided with machine, kept breaking because it rubbed against poorly finished product.  Attempting to make a simple project with a grandchild and it has probably put her off sewing for life!  We were so frustrated with the product that we switched to my ""real"" machine"
Smaller than it appeared online !
"I purchased this to take care of some vehicle cover repairs and it worked well. I have never used a sewing machine prior to this and it was simple to set up and use, there were a few YouTube videos that also helped."
Perfect for beginners
I had to return mine because the bobbin would not stay still inside and kept getting in the way of the needle
This may work for some people but mine stopped sewing after 10 stitches.
"I have used this machine a few times and it worked fine and ow suddenly to seems to get stuck every time I try stitching. I have tried to open up and place the bobby pin holder in place a number of times and also clean up the thread jams, but it seems to get stuck every time I try stitching now."
"Returned, did not last long."
foot broke on second item sewed and can't find replacement
"I was so happy when I got it but even watching the following videos and doing the instructions over and over again, I couldn't make it work.
[...]
[...]
Now I feel very very sad, had so high expectations on this product"
This machine does big than it looks.all your patches and open seams even on denims jeans its cool i love it.
"Nice little machine .  Not babyish or pink Almost too small for my 9 year old but works perfectly, she's really proud of what she's created so far!"
"Great Machine....BUT...

1. Do not use the included thread. Garbage quality and threading this machine is 3x harder than if you use good quality thread.
2. Threading the bobbin (bottom thread) drove me nuts..

Here is a good video I found that has the only decent set up and threading instructions for this machine...Be patient and good luck!

[...]"
"Great for simple repairs, quick hems, etc.  easy to use, easy to store,  a great buy."
When you turn it on it just starts sewing and then the thread get tangled up
"This mini sewing machine is a wonder! Little thing, looks like a toy, yet - is really working and my, works it well! Included are battery-powered scissors (batteries not included) - I enjoy as a kid, with my arthritis such scissors are a must-have! And this is my first set! Thanks a lot! Also included is truly big set of sewing, very useful and thoroughly chosen, sewing equipage. Certainly, The Seller knows his/her occupation, and not only that of being seller, what by-the-way she/he proved preparing the item for delivery with outstanding care, but also knows that of customers choosing that special and enjoyable interest of sewing. One simple must have such envisagement setting up within the box of sewing tools just close to EVERYTHING NEEDED!
As for Sewing Machine itself - it is prepared, only sit down and try! Has own two spools of thread, white and black, two smaller, metal bobbins, also one with white, one with black thread, needle's threader and additional machine-needle. Choosing this set with sewing tools box, I didn't expect another supply for the machine! Easy, elegant, though small - looks like professional, of course within borders of using lighter fabrics and the pieces  of reasonable size. I bought it for the project of dolls new fashions, for my grandkids, so this is just PERFECT!  I highly recommend both - that excellent Seller and this wonderful machine!"
Great teaching machine for children!!
Broke after we used it 3 times.
great sowing machine for a great price. Use it for quick fixes to clothes and some house hold items. Super easy to use and to thread.
"I originally got this as a gift for my daughter, 2 years ago.  She was 6, and other than threading the machine has no trouble using it.  It's also been great for hemming- even works really well on pant legs."
Granddaughter loves it. I used it when my machine was on the blink.
"Get the replacement plan!!! This machine is a piece of garbage. I bought 3 to teach sewing classes to kids and they are continuously getting caught, breaking thread, clanking away, and causing hold ups. Major regret."
Great Product for the price!
"I really like sewing machine , it's very good &every easy to handle it. I did alteration of jeans& pants, it's stitching is very fine. Its size is good too,I can easily place it in my cupboard. I will buy again as gift."
"My wife loves this light weight and easy to move to areas, like curtains to hem. Lots of choices for stitches.

Update after a few uses the feed dogs aren't working properly. The Manufacturer is covering it but we have to pay to ship cross country. The good deal we thought we had is looking less attractive. Should send a shipping label"
You get what you pay for and for the price this is a really good product. I have used a few times and it does the job perfectly
"Great value for the money, I got it for my mom and she has been using every single day for the past two months or so. Works great but beware it's very sensitive, cheap quality string will cause it to act up. Its a good machine for someone who knows what they're doing, if not you will loose your patience with it."
This sewing machine is awesome! My daughter loves it and it is super easy to use! Works very well
This machine sucks. Can't get it to sew at all. Yes I know my Sewing machines. Have been sewing for many years but for some reason this machine is terrible. My daughter bought this and the bobbin doesn't want to stay where it belongs so it won't pick up the bottom stitch. Time to throw it away....No recommended for anyone....
worked great for the first few months and then would get jammed every time she tried to sew.
good item!
"Was skeptical at first, but this is an outstanding product.  Easy to use.....does everything you would need to do.  Use it all the time and would recommend it to anyone!"
This machine is perfect for little hands. Bought it as a birthday present for my 7 year old and she can run it by herself.
"I love this I must have not been paying much attention because I didn't know it came with the 100 piece kit so I bought one seperate. Haha. I'm pretty happy with it, I love that is has the light that goes over the needle. I love it!"
"We bought two of these for our middle school makerspace and as a sewer, I am thoroughly impressed with these considering how inexpensive they are. The machine is clearly labeled and is very easy to thread. It's smaller than typical machines which is great because it doesn't take up an excessive amount of room. I would definitely recommend this."
"I purchased this machine, and even purchased the insurance.  Set it up and plugged it in, and it started sewing and would not stop, the only way to stop it is to unplug it."
would not stay threaded.  stitched for the first day correctly and nothing went right after that.
"Lightweight, easy to use. Just what we wanted."
Excelent
Bought for my granddaughters birthdays. They are 9 and 10. Ease in figuring it all out. They were both sewing little pillows in no time at all. So far all is running good. Small and very portable. Great machine for beginners.
"Stopped working after 9 months.  Thumbs down to Amazon as well, while troubleshooting I discovered that this had obviously been used and returned previously."
"I'm very serious.  I'm visiting our son and family, and normally I would bring one of my machines, because there's always something to sew...no, our DIL doesn't sew.  This time I didn't, because I didn't know of any projects.
Our granddaughter received this as a gift from someone, and when I was asked if I could make a Halloween costume, I asked her to get her machine; no one should have this many problems trying to sew.

Where to start?
Very difficult to thread
Tension is difficult to dial in.  I had to set the tension at an 8-9 out of 10 in order to tighten the bottom tension.
Because of the higher tension, thread breakage does occur.
Needles bend or break easily.  I believe this is due to the bobbin mechanism.  It's a magnetic plate that is supposed to keep the bobbin in place.  Either the magnet isn't strong enough, so that the bobbin moves during operation, or the bobbin placement has to be very precise ( but there are no markings for that)
Stitch length is variable; meaning there are uneven stitch lengths when sewing.

Neither granddaughter wants to use this because of the frustration and difficulties, and after using it ( or trying to) I understand why.

I just bought the girls an entry level Brother which has great reviews and will hopefully not have these issues."
It works properly.
ok
I'm his wife I bought it. It didn't work. It keep breaking the thread no matter what tense setting I used..I tried all the stich settings and it didn't seem to matter. wasted my money. The needle bent before I got 6 inches sewn. Costly toy.
For the price this sewing machine is great! Easy to use and set up. Just be careful not to try to sew through too thick of fabric or you will break your needle (yes it's happened to me haha lesson learned!). Otherwise great little machine for basic sewing jobs!
"Really tough machine.  I ran denim, leather, canvas through it... slowly.  The motor hasn't burned up yet.  For $50 you cant go wrong if you sew occasionally.  As a beginner, it is perfect.  I have used it on battery power camping to repair a canvas cot. At home, I made a leather paint brush holder, repaired blue jeans, made four sets of lounge pants/shirts and am currently putting together a Wookie costume for Halloween.  After six weeks it's going strong.  As my skills have improved, I do get frustrated as it sometimes goes too slow.  But that's not why I gave it three stars.  The Lil' Sew & Sew gets 5 stars if you buy it alone.  The Combo Pak option sucks.  The extra $10 for threads and bobbins ain't worth the hassle.  The thread spools had barely enough thread to sew 3' of stitching and the bobbins were wrapped in such a way as the one only end of thread free was the bottom part.  The scissors were crap.  Although the electric trimmers were kind of cool... I'll re-gift them for Christmas."
"Great little sewing machine! I already finished a blanket that would have taken me a couple weeks to do by hand and with this compact sewing machine and plenty of bobbins I got it done in one night. I had bobbin issues a few times, but that is every sewing machine, nothing against this particular machine. I will say that there is really no variation in the pedal though. Fully down is the same speed as barely on it. It sews a little slow for my taste but for the price and what I do with sewing this is the perfect machine for me."
does not work!!! Waste of money.
This is a great little sewing machine for me and my granddaughter. Just the right size!
i buy as a present and apparently is really good and practical.
great product especially for a beginner.  bought for my daughter age 9 and she loves it.  easy to thread once you know how and only jammed when her fabric was too thick.
Excelent......
This thing stopped working before she got a chance to use it good. Can't find anything that says where to send it back to the manufacturer. Waste of money.
"Very nice, I love it!!!!"
"Let me start by saying I'm not at all a seamstress.  I can hand sew a little bit where needed and I have a little experience helping my mom with her sewing machine.  I was looking for an easy to use sewing machine for a few projects I had, and this machine is perfect! 1. it came pre-threaded (THANK YOU!) and 2. it is so so so simple to use.  It has many features of a more expensive machine, has multiple stitch choices and is insanely easy to use! I made a cover for an ottoman I was re-purposing, 4 pillows, and I plan on doing many more projects with this machine!! Highly recommend for anyone in the market for a simple to use sewing machine!"
Total waste of money. Could not get past a few test stiches on an old T shirt to practice with.
v good product...and its easy to use
"Despite the bad reviews, it is a nice basic product that is affordable. Learning how the bobbin case went in was frustrating but after I learned the mechanics on how it works, I had no problems other than my top thread breaking..."
Bought this for my niece who wanted to learn how to sew. It works great and she loved it!
Horrible. It didn't work. I was refunded for it. But I had to send it back first. Waste of time.
Broke after few uses and isn't eligible for Return.
"This broke after 1 use of about 10 minutes.  I was sewing a simple seam of thin fabric for a table cloth.  The mechanism for the bobbin was warped, and pushed a spring permanently out of place, rendering it unusable.  I regret buying it, and will not be purchasing another one."
You get what you pay for.  Cheap sewing machine.  Used 1 year and discarded.
Strong little machine. Got it for my 7 year old grand daughter to teach her how to sew. It was easy to manuever for her. She made 4 pillows with just a hint of grandma help. It has 8 types of stitching patterms and goes in reverse with ease.
This machine has given me more problems then I have time for. Im constantly having to retread it. The bobbin has allot of problems. The stiching is completely off. Don't waste your money I wish I would have listened to the negative reviews
"I crochet bags and was tired of lugging out my big machine to sew the liners. This machine is perfect! It's so compact and light weight I can even take it with me when I travel. All my supplies fit in one bag. I love the fact it's battery operated and has a guide light. I was also pleasantly surprised to find it has a hide away drawer for bobbins and needle. Cute,Cute,Cute!"
Would not work after only  2 months. Don't waste your money!
"like alot, not too small or too large"
"We had to replace this sewing machine with in a week of purchase as the needle would freeze in the middle of the second to third stitch. We received a replacement and it worked fine for about 2 months and then my 10 year old goes to use it and what do you know, exact same thing happens, needle freezes in the middle of second to third stitch. The great thing is, we can't return this product because it is beyond the 30 return policy. My 10 year old saved her own extra chore money for 2 months for this beginner sewing machine, what a disappointment that she can't even get her money back for this machine!! I tried to talk her out of it for a month before we purchased it for the very fact that it had only a 30 day return policy, if it is a quality product, the company will stand behind it for much longer than 30 days!!!"
"Terrible. First one wouldn't work at all. Replaced it. 2nd one is faulty as well. Tried to have someone look at it and fix it. Cannot be done. Said this machine is too lightweight, and cheap. Not a good purchase for the money. Do not buy this."
Good little machine.
Fundamental to confiscate the arrival of the goods?
Very goog
"It is not excellent but good for beginners.
I had some trouble with threating first. I got used to use it then. If you wanna sew profesionally this is not good for you because it cannot threat thick fabrics."
"I bought this for my little girl to learn to sew and didn't know it is for scrapbooking.  Her teacher said you can't sew the big things very well on it because it doesn't have an very big opening to fit your fabric through.  It still works fine for the small projects like, pillow cases or making shorts.
It was a good value for the price."
"I bought this a few years back & was brand new to sewing. I love it! It's so easy to use, to thread, change the needle, etc. It still works great! I've used it to make pillow covers, banners, crib sheets, for light mending, and a few other things. I've mainly used it with lighter fabrics. I love how simple it is & how inexpensive it was! Made sewing for my family a really easy thing to begin to do!"
"Smaller - but worked like it should have!
Great Price!!

I recommend this to anyone looking to buy this product!"
This is a very nice sewing machine in learning to see so it's the machine I'm learning on and it is outstanding everything works
"- I bought this 6 month ago and it's been sewing the thinner cloths only.
- Hate this totally now because the needle has came out and not able fix it into it's holder anymore.  It's useless now.
- For 6 month use have to pay $54 that is something which I am not satisfied."
It was for my granddaughter and she is working to be a pro
Great!
"I can't say enough good things about this little machine!  I am spending some time overseas, and decided to bring this with me as I love to sew, but it has been invaluable for practical things such as sewing curtains and fixing hems.  I only use the battery option, as I don't want to mess with converters, and I get about 3+ hours of sewing out of each change of batteries (4 AA's).  I've sewn cotton, rayon, spandex, polyester, and elastic without any issues.  The machine tends to stop if it hits 4 layers of material (ie seams) but I just manually turn the wheel through the thicker parts which works fine.  I've only had a bobbin issue once (it kept shaking loose and the thread tangles), and I think the problem is actually with the metal bobbin, which might have had a defective shape and not held to the magnet, because as soon as I switched to another bobbin it was fine.  I got the additional set of prewound bobbins which has been great for travel, as I don't have to worry about buying extra matching thread for small projects.  The tension on the machine is excellent, I think my biggest tip would be to check the tension right away, because it sounds from some reviews that out of the box the tension is either fantastic or horrible, which sounds like a manufacturing problem.  I've also been able to refill the bobbin on the machine without issue.  The only thing I wish was that there was an option for a slightly smaller zigzag stitch.  Other then that, I love this machine and highly recommend!"
"This is a great sewing machine for the price. It has 8 different stitch types and a tension wheel. Unfortunately when I received the package, the needle that was installed into the machine was bent but it did come with an extra one so I just replaced it. This machine can sew through denim with no problems (just not through the very thickest part of the hem) and granted its not the most powerful thing but it works well and even a couple times when I was messing around with it and I tried to sew through the thick part of the denim hem the needle hit the foot because the foot was bent weird from the thickness of the fabric. The needle bent but then the machine just stopped and as soon as I turned the hand sew dial back to lift the needle it was fine.  it is extremely easy to set up as well."
"UPDATE:
I contacted company about my disappointment and they got back to me immediately. They immediately replaced my product, sent it super fast and I'm happy to say, it arrived today and seems to be working fine!
Original problem:
I am so disappointed! Today was the first day I took this machine out of the box and it WONT work!! The needle will not catch the bobbin, the bobbin doesn't even move. How can this be fixed?. Before you even ask, I tried the ""fix the often loose bobbin"" suggestion. The bobbin case itself doesn't even LOOK like the photo!!"
"I purchased this little machine to use in my RV. I plan to only work on basic items while traveling. After reading the reviews I felt this was what I was looking for in performance and price. I wanted something I could use the foot peddle and have a light, this one does both. When I received the package I was afraid I had purchased a toy....it's that light and small. I took it out and put it to use. I LOVE IT!!! Exactly what I wanted and needed it to do. Runs fairly smooth for the size. I have not had to change the bobbin yet, but it came with some good instructions for when i do. The thread that was supplied works very well as well.  I highly recommend this sewing machine. Even if you have a large one, this would work well for small projects. Easy enough for kids to work it as well."
First of all this little sewing machine is a great value for the price. I already have a big heavy duty sewing machine but i wanted a smaller more compact one to use with finer and smaller fabrics. This item came in well packed and ready to go. I found that it was very simple to thread and the bobbin winder very helpful. I highly recommend this sewing machine to any beginner wanting to get into sewing.
"Trying to get the thread started from the lower bobbin is next to impossible. I was only able to do it once before it never did it again. I have over 20 years of sewing experience, this is ridiculous. Even checked out YouTube videos, all the same comments with the same results, that no one can get it to work

Very disappointed. Great quality otherwise"
It didn't work for me as a biggener
"I purchased the Michley LSS-505 for $39.00 in August, 2016 for personal clothing use. I've been wanting to get a functional sewing machine while keeping the cost as low as possible.

What type of sewing I hope to achieve:
Tops and lightweight bottoms, take in medium weight jean legs, put together medium weight curtains, pillows as needed.

Testing Day One : So far I have taken in several lightweight cotton tops and the legs on a medium weight denim jean.

My initial reaction to seeing the machine was concern that it would not be able to handle denim. It's very lightweight. I did work on taking in the legs of some medium weight denim jeans today and found it very successful. I changed loosened the tension just a little because the denim I was using had some stretch to it and I wanted the stitches to have room to stretch a little as well as to keep the material from puckering. My jeans look great and it took just about ten minutes. I am happy that this little machine seems to be able to handle more than just lightweight crafts.

I'm going to include so many pictures because those always help me when looking at reviews. The machine can be battery or cord powered. There is a pedal and there is a button on the front that can be switched on low/off/hi to run the machine. It seems like it would be difficult to run this without the pedal. The reverse switch has to be held down to engage. I didn't find it difficult to use. The machine has a small built in light. I hadn't noticed that it did and was happy about that. I have noticed that the light flickers when I first press down the pedal, which can be distracting if I'm sewing short sections at a time. The only other thing I will mention is that the plastic cover for the bottom bobbin is a little tight to put back on and I found that pressing the cover down while sliding it in allows it to go back into place. Also, here is a setup video for anyone who needs to know how to thread their machine. [...]. I hope this helps :)"
"<div id=""video-block-R17PLKWP5105LU"" class=""a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block""></div><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/918bNsSnNJS.mp4"" class=""video-url""><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/91V3Pr2xJLS.png"" class=""video-slate-img-url"">&nbsp;It's easily got trouble shooting. Always need to replace the bobbin holder before I used it.  Now it totally doesn't work on loading and threading. I wasted a lot time on this machine."
I bought this as a Christmas presents for my niece and she used it a few months before it stopped working.
Bought this for a small sewing project. When we got it I immediately took it out of the box to make sure it worked.  It was adequate for our purposes so we boxed it up and set it aside.  Five weeks later we got it out and it no longer worked.  Something inside the bobbin holder was messed up and keeping the thread from unwinding.  Too late to return it to Amazon.  Not paying $20 shipping for warranty repair.  REALLY wished I'd have listened to the other reviewers!  This company has ZERO quality control!!
Do not buy this sewing machine!! Too loud!!!!
good morning  I need return to this item becaus ups no pickup how can return?
Not adult product. Only useful for child
This was a gift for my 13 year old daughter who loves to sew.  It was a huge disappointment.  I bought it early for her birthday and she used it the day after her birthday.  By then it was too late to return it.  It jumbled up every time.  I took it to my mother who is an avid sewer.  She couldn't fix it either...she said it was junk.  Now I can't return it...can't sew anything.  Major bummer!
Good for child's play....its not fit for sewing return or repair policy is such that u will bang your head against wall
"I have two eight year old grand daughters who were born a month apart. They both were learning to hand stitch so I thought that I would purchase them sewing machines for their birthdays.

One of the machines would only do a single stitch and my daughter, who is an experienced sewer, could not get it to work. I sent the machine back and Amazon replaced it free of charge. The second machine worked like a charm.

For the price of this sewing machine, I think that it has a lot of features. There are eight built in stitch patterns and two speeds for ease of use. Both grandkids were a little leery of the machines at first so the low speed option is great for them.

Other features include: double thread, forward and reverse sewing and automatic thread rewind. This machine also sews sleeves, which is a big plus and has a built in light so you can see better. Also included is a foot pedal, electrical scissors and a 100 piece sewing kit. With these accessories you have everything you need for a sewing beginner. A handy carrying handle on top makes it easier for the girls to move around.

I added some large felt pieces and some fat  quarters. Two months later they are two happy girls. Sewing gives them independence and pride.

I highly recommend the Michley Lil' Sew & Sew sewing machine. It is perfect for both beginners and the experienced. It also makes the perfect gift for beginners. I'm happy with my purchase."
"Over the years, I have acquired many T-shirts. Either as a freebie, or I liked the color/design. But most T-shirts are your standard boxy Men's t-shirt, which is too baggy on most women. After getting scared off by high alterations prices, I was thinking about getting a sewing machine. After reading the other reviews on this machine from Amazon reviewers, I got this one used. It is perfect for altering the T-shirts I have. My previous sewing machine experience was about 30 years ago in junior high school, but it didn't take me long to get acclimated to this one. I have already altered seven shirts on this baby. I might even do something from a pattern if I feel so inspired."
"I purchased 3 of these sewing machines for Christmas for my nieces. 1 out of three worked for a bit, the other 2 didn't worked at all, the bobbing case was broken. The third had the same fate. Besides the bobbin case being broken, they are flimsy, too light and hollow. I paid  only
$40 plus for each and  feel I paid too much for what I got. Sadly I didn't noticed since we just started to use them 3 weeks ago. I can't return them since the return date expired; it was a 30 day returning policy. Nothing I can do, learned the hard way."
"This is a solid little machine  I have a lot of sewing experience and was not expecting much, but needed something to carry in my RV while I am on the road.  Yes, the thread they provide is crap, but that always seems to be the case with thread that comes with a machine.  Just use good thread and I think you will be surprised how well this little machine moves along.  It is a little slow for an experienced seamstress, but it does exactly what I need it to do.  I don't think you will be disappointed with this."
Bought this to teach my 7 year old to sew.  Was easy enough for her little hands to use.
Not as fully expected doesn't do hems buttons etc
I really wanted it to work but it's horrible I haven't been able to sew anything because the bobbing holder keep getting stuck.
It came broken
I've had it over a year now still works!
"I was super impressed with this tiny machine.  I have a very expensive sailmakers sewing machine that is bear to set up.  This little machine is just what a I needed to take care of those quick sewing tasks.  In a matter of minutes I was able to hem two pairs of uniform pants and dart a uniform shirt.  (Uniforms never seem to be sized right).  The seven stitches, that are built in, cover about every need I can think of.  Good little machine  and I highly recommend it.  Not a toy."
Great buy and works great
"As someone ho had never sewn more than a button, I was impressed bu this little machine. I had a DIY project I was working on and trying to sew by hand was not very efficient. I decided to try the Michley Lil' Sew and Sew LSS-505. I'm so glad I did. With a bit of a learning curve on my end, I am now comfortable and productive in sewing my DIY projects. I have mainly been working with fleece, but I am confident that this little machine could handle much more, with the exclusion of thick jeans or thick leather. I look forward to hemming my slacks, making Halloween costumes for the kids, and more accessories for my pets. I have never used a ""regular"" sewing machine, but I can't imagine that it would give me many more features than I get with this machine. It is portable, sits steady on the table, includes a foot pedal, and stitches nicely. I can adjust the tension and choose from 6 stitches.

On a last note, I've seen a lot of questions about suitability for children. I would let my teenagers use this machine if they asked. However, like any risk from a sewing machine, if a finger gets caught under the needle, it's going to be painful. If your child is old enough to be conscience of this while performing a sewing task, and has the dexterity to to thread the machine, and assist with feeding material in the machine safely, this machine is probably a good choice.

All in all, this is a good little machine for light sewing and DIY projects. I'm happy with my purchase."
i love it its a bit smaller in person comapred to the image but it is a really good machine and does everything like a regular size machine. i would recommend you to buy it.
I just found time to  pull item out of the box....It was to small for the project that I needed for and missed the deadline....I hate it's to small....
"Just what I was looking for.  This little machine is amazing !  Plus, it came with all these spools & threads, electric scissors (haven't tried yet) tape measurer.  I love it !"
"I was extremely happy to receive this cute, little machine so that my 9 yr old granddaughter and I could learn to make doll clothes. The machine is great when the bobbin holder doesn't move around, but when it does, it feels like it hits a brick wall. Would not allow my gd to use it. Returned it to JJ's Direct. They were very quick to refund my money. I wish the machine had worked for us. Its the perfect size for my small house and my young gd.  Hopefully they can repair the kinks and make this a great little machine."
"Terrible machine, needs to be rethreaded constantly. Extremely frustrating trying to teach a child to sew. The tension stop working after sewing 3 seams. None of the tension settings made any difference."
Couldn't even finish a simple circle skirt!! Had to re-thread machine constantly!!!!!!!! I'll spend a little more money for better quality!
"I'm a novice at sewing.  Using this machine I've completed three dresses and two purses.  Getting to know the machine (how it worked, etc) was fairly easy.  It's not intimidating and fun to use."
"Runs rough and noisy.  Sews okay, but seems clumsy."
"This little sewing machine is GREAT! I bought it for my 7 year old for her bday and it's so easy for her to use! I had no idea how to work one so I was a little worried but it's very simple and straight forward. It's small, but sturdy. Highly recommended!"
I wanted something not so expensive to finish some sewing projects around the house. Bought this machine not sure how good it will be but price point was just perfect. The sewing machine arrived promptly and was better than I expected. Used it with minimal instructions needed. Love it and will recommend it for beginners who don't want to invest in expensive more glamorous machines.
"I give it four stars as so far I've only used it to sew a few straight lines.  As it was already threaded, I don't know if that will be a difficult task or not.  Otherwise it seems to be fine and should workout for the minimal amount of sewing I do."
"so cute ,so sm , and I like it"
"I was unusually brave when I decided to make my dress for my cousin's wedding.  For these types of ceremonies, the fabric is pre-selected and most people go to a Seamstress to have their garment professionally made.  At the last minute, I decided I would make my own dress instead of spending over a hundred dollars for a dress I wasn't sure to like in the first place. I have never sewn anything in my adult life - my Mom taught me to sew as a child, but I never took a real interest. The wedding was Friday, and this sewing machine and a pattern I selected arrived on Tuesday. I started cutting the pattern and began sewing on Thursday.  This machine was sooooo easy to use.  All I had to do was open and begin sewing.  Of coarse, I made lots of mistakes, but in the end, my dress turned out perfect! I even made shirts for my three and two year old boys, and I decorated their boat hats with the fabric. Everyone loved it! My Mom and Sister could not believe I made my own dress and the kid's outfits with time to spare. I owe it all to this little machine! It was so easy to use, almost everything I needed was in the box.  I did have a few minor issues: the needle lost it's threading several times; the bobbin got tangled up once and I had to change it; and near the end, the needle ended up bending (by this time, I was likely overworking the needle).  I am giving this FIVE stars because it more than did the job for the price.  I plan to keep the machine and will likely use it again, but I will buy stronger needles depending on what I need to sew."
It is a small standard machine but it works really well.  The spread is slow. It is steady speed for learners.  It does have a slightly faster option but it is not controlled by the pedal.
it is great so far so good
"Spend the extra money and buy a Singer portable sewing machine. I got exactly what I paid for. It is cheaply made, noisy, difficult to set stitching and currently breaks a needle every time I try to use it on regular material. I just wanted an inexpensive machine to do minor repairs on seams, and do hems. It is unusable as it sews a few good stitches and then the bobbin thread wads up in knots and breaks the needle. No instruction manual to help you troubleshoot."
For the price superb deal. Wife and daughter both love it. Strong lil machine more than I expected
Love this little machine. Works great and is easy to use. It works well with everything from denim to silk.
Works great! Love that it's a small/medium size so it stores easily. The accessory kit is to die for as well. Overall I completely love it.
very reasonable
"I purchased this sewing machine for a first time machine and as a learning one for small projects that I may want to do. I was skeptical at first considering the cheaper price and reading some reviews, however, after opening the box up and taking a look I was excited and pleased. The machine is small and compact but works just as well as some of the machines that I have used in the past. I used a scrap piece of fabric and tested the machine out and feel that it works just as good as a pricer sewing machine. My father needed to have a pair of his jean pants mended, the whole crotch busted out of them, the thread that was included matched perfectly to the material, I sewed the pants back up and reinforced them with three passes, they have held up wonderfully and the stitches are nice and holding up well. I highly recommend this product to anyone who is interested in having a sewing machine for the house, for small projects or for starting to learn how to sew. It is made well and works great."
"Best little sewing machine!!!  I use it for everything, except for heavy fabric projects."
"I thought I would save money by buying a cheeper sewing machine. I don't need anything too fancy. Anyway, it was an instant nightmare. It kept jamming and would just quit half way through. The thread would knot up so bad I thought I might have to break the darn thing to pull the fabric out. The reason I am giving it a two star review is because the ad said it was a sewing machine and it was indeed a sewing machine. save your buck and buy the real thing"
"This arrived right away! That was a priority for me after waiting two months for a t-shirt. It's small, so if you have limited apartment space, tiny house, or R.V. this is nice and compact. It's light weight yet doesn't move around when in use. It's ready to go right out of the box. Perfect for a beginner, very simple design. If you are more experienced and interested in more advanced patterns etc I would save up for something bigger with all the bells and whistles. For the price I am extremely satisfied. It came with plenty of thread and bobbins. I've only used it on mending clothing so far. I haven't had it more then a few days so I don't know how the motor will hold up for my more extensive projects. Also because of then size fitting thick fabrics doesn't seem practical. I definitely wouldn't recommend for denims or canvas material. I like it so far."
"Haven't tried it yet, but looks very good!!"
its good service and thanks.
"if you don't have prior knowledge to using a sewing machine it will be pretty difficult to use, but once i figured out how to use it, it got the job done perfectly no problems. Strong stitching, for my denim jeans i taper myself."
Bought this sewing machine as a birthday gift for my mother. She absolutely loves it!! She is still using it after two years!!
This little sewing machine is awesome. I even sewed denim without a problem. Would have gotten 5 stars but they forgot to include the pedal!!!
I bought this for my 9 year old granddaughter. I have sewn all my life and want to pass this on to her. She's only been able to sew on it a few times as the thread keeps getting jammed in the interior mechanism. It's very frustrating for her to have to stop after a couple of minutes. Now it is making a terrible noise after only a few stitches. We are returning the machine and are very disappointed.
"How awesome is this little gem?  Really really awesome!  I bought it to see paper with my card making,  but I've found this little thing is quite a bit stronger than I imagined it would be so I've actually sewn some fabric with it with great success honestly some of the fabric was even heavier weight. ..."
"This is a fantastic little machine that is so light and small that I was able to bring it to the office and use it at my desk before my shift started.  I have had almost no trouble with it at all, aside from the occasional bird-nesting that sometimes happens with all sewing machines.  It's a little wonder with cotton fabrics and foam sheets that I used to make a pair of shoes for a doll.  It is slower than larger machines, but that's perfect for me when I have to make turns while stitching.  One hint: start stitching about one inch from the end of your fabric and then back stitch/forward stitch without taking your foot off the pedal to keep the feed-dog from grabbing the end of the fabric and pulling it down into the bobbin.  I've had no issues with it what-so-ever and would certainly purchase one again if I needed to."
"my daughter recieved this as a gift for christmas, worked fine the first couple times she used it, now it keeps jumping time and won't sew anything, not worth it, save your money and get the standard size brother for the same price as this piece of junk"
I am impressed! After I ordered this I thought I should have bought a more powerful one. This little guy is just fine! I was surprised how powerful it was and what it could go through! I am happy with it!
great for young girls to practice their sewing projects
Works great!
"This is wonderful for little quick jobs and the beginner sewer. It is extremely easy to operate and has just enough settings! For the price I paid for it, I am extremely satisfied."
Very nice and easy to operate. My grandaughter loves it.
"This was gift for young lady, she has not used it yet, but I took out of box to make sure everything was good, and the machine seems to be pretty good quality.  I will report back once I hear back from her."
We bought this for our 10 year old daughter for her birthday.  She used it maybe twice and then it  got stuck and we can not fix it.  Both my husband and I have tried numerous times and even followed you tube video repair tutorials to no avail.  So we bought a machine that was a waste of money!  The seller will not let us return it or get our money back.  Bad product and bad service!
"Grandson having a great time with it, making lots of pillows for all of us."
Works great for small projects. Would be better if it had a guide to steer you to sew in a straight line. But it's very easy to use.
"Needle won't pick up bobbin thread! I looked up how to fix it did step by step replacing the position of the bobbin holder. Still won't work. Don't know what to do, I hate the whole returnING process, I'm so mad and disappointed with this, plans ruined. Lil sew and sew, please better your product or at least make sure it actually works before shipping it to your customer!"
she likes it
I'm not an experienced sewer and bought this for simple sewing.  It is a really good quality product.  I'm very pleased with it.
My daughter loved it
worst sewing machine ever... do not buy please.
Garbage! Do not waste your money! Buy a good brand name and pay a bit more.
"I was a little disappointed with this - after a few uses, it was as though the needle arm was bent or warped.  The needle about 1/2 the time will hit the plate, instead of going through the fabric and back up.  It's been sitting in its box in my laundry room for far too long.  Ultimately, you get what you pay for I guess."
I purchased in September and now it is not working??
"Absolutely terrible, came already used and the bobbin holder malfunctions in a way that it refuses to grab the thread correctly. DO not buy this."
"As Described, No complaints"
good little machine
"Really good, the machine work fine and was exactly as described!"
Works surprisingly well! Fixed my heavy drapes with this. Use it mostly for papers in my art journal tho. I only wish there was a straight line of sight from front of machine directly to needle and on. Gotta guess on occasion but no problems so far!
I received everything as described. Great kit for someone who is starting to learn to use a sewing machine. Nice size and very easy to use!
"I can't find a single bad thing to say about this machine. It's exactly as advertised. Not a super powerful machine, but we saw that going in. It's a perfect first time machine great to learn on"
"I bought this sewing machine on a budget do make my own halloween custome. Its no real sewing machine, but if you're not going to use it everyday, its a wonderful purchase! However, sometimes the thread would get stuck after long periods of usage."
"It's perfect ,I've designed five dresses and it works for me"
"Got as a present for my 9 year old and she loves it!!!!  Easy to use.  Not complicated at all. She makes stuff all the time with it now.  I would recommend this for younger users, but is a bit basic for more complicated sewing projects."
Doesn't deserve even one star!
"If an adult has trouble threading and keeping it threaded, Im sure a child would find it frustrating.  Just a little more money will get you a better machine!"
couldn't get it to work right
very fast and friendly service.. item as described .. very happy with purchase.. Highly recommend this seller.. thank You
"This machine works great.  I am making doll clothes for a 6 1/2"" doll and it works real good.  Would highly recommend to anyone who knows how to sew already or a new sewer.  You must follow instructions for threading, bobbin and etc.  This makes a great craft machine."
The bobbin slips too much
My granddaughter used this one time and it started sqealing. Also would not pull material under the pressure foot. I've been sewing for a long time and have never seen a machine as poorly made.
Great for small projects.  Directions not clear on how to get the bottom thread set up.
"Very poor quality, does not sew very good at all. Would not recommend this machine to anyone."
Most parts are plastic and easily break.
Very nice sewing machine. Sews a very nice neat stitch and comes with an easy to follow manual.
Really bad quality.
"This machine was a gift for my granddaughter's fifth birthday. Each time I visit we make something new. It is simple enough to operate that she was able to sew her first piece right away. It also has features that make it comfortable for a more experienced seamstress. ( light, thread cutters, notion drawer, and reverse )I  was able to make everything from doll clothes to faux leather pillows."
Difficult for young sewer to keep tension.
Good one for the price.
"This lasted about two months. It jammed bad once but I managed to fix it, then it jammed again and was not fixable. I'd take it to the sewing machine repair guy but it would b the same price as it was to buy it, not worth it. I used this everyday, to make many things. Good for very very light use."
Bought this machine for my 90 year old mother. She missed sewing but didn't want to have to lift a heavy machine. She used it once and it began skipping stitches. Unfortunately by the time we discovered it was too late to return. It is a little too lightweight.
I recieved the machine and took it out the box it already had the thread in the machine so I tired to use it the bobbin will not turn been trying for days still same thing.
"It's good for if you're teaching a child how to use one, the thread that comes with it is such crap it breaks so fast some times you don't even realize it till you're almost done and have to do the whole thing over again"
the bobbin kept getting tangled. returned.
"This is awesome machine....despite it looks like a toy, and a bit rustic. It really deserve 5 stars. So far it re worth the money invested. I Swed my trousers and a lot of clothe."
The plus is that it has a bobbin and you can adjust the stitches. Works very nice for an 8 year old girl to learn to sew.
Easy to operate
Granddaughter loves it!
Works great!!!
"It works as it states, that is all I need for basic sewing project. I gave 4 stars because the first machine I received did not work right and missed many functions, so I sent it back and the second one works well. I am going to keep it."
Good
Buen trato a cliente
Great for a beginner not having a lot of big projects. I am enjoying it.
exactly as described
Excellent ! Great product!
This is a nice little machine for small jobs.  My teenage daughter uses it to make fleece shelf liners for her chinchilla cage.  It's quite easy for her to use.  Great performance for the price.
"It's such a cute little machine and by including the threads and fabric cutter, it's GREAT for the price I purchased it (~$44). I only know the basics of sewing, enough to make simple items and repairs, and I thought it was pretty easy to use (the included instructions aren't so hot though).

The only issue I have is with the reverse stitch switch! It's a hit or miss -- either it works or it doesn't. Unfortunately one ""miss"" caused the needle to bend a bit to the right. The machine still works fine for me (thank god because it hasn't even been a month), but I won't be using the reverse switch anymore..."
Stopped working after a month.
item as expected
great little guy
Good
This little machine is so handy to use.
Finally arrived but is no longer needed or wanted & well be returned.
"I got this for a project, but sadly, it wasn't powerful enough to go through two layers of fleece. It's still nice to have something for repairs or normal materials. And for the price, you might as well get one, just in case."
for a little machine. I have to say this works wonderfully! I have made so many things it's addictive!
I like so much
Good little sewing machine for simple sewing or for a child learning.  It was a great price also
Love this little machine. The only problem is you have to have patience as it runs on the slow side.
The grand daughter LOVED LOVED LOVED it.... I could not be happier with my purchase from you guys!
Bad quality. The machine never works.
"It works well, the only issue I have is that when you move it to ""reverse mode"" it seems to bend the needle! Not sure if this is a fault of this one unit, or the whole line. Certainly ok for kids to learn sowing though! My daughter likes it!"
broken but returned it no problem
"The first one we order was not working properly, but the customer service we received was AWESOME!! They replaced the item quickly and we were very happy with the second machine. It is easy to use and a good machine for learning. For the price I was extremely pleased with the quality and we were able to find several tutorials on YouTube my daughter has used to learn to sew with this machine!"
This is a great sewing machine. We are surprised with the stitches it can make. my granddaughter loves it and I do too.
it keeps breaking
Great little machine
Nice simple machine that I purchased for my daughter.  If you are not watching very carefully the threads can jam .
"tension was almost impossible it figure out and change for each material, should of spent the extra money and got a better one."
I wish this took regular sized spools of thread....that's the negative for me.  Make an adapter please.  I have so many regular spools of thread and can not use them.  Going to try using a bobbin on the top and see how that works.
I purchased this for my 6 year old for her birthday. It's got just enough to teach her how to see without being overwhelming.
"very good workhorse sewing machine, thanks."
Broke shortly after purchase. Do not recommend
"Just to noisy, and leaves stitches loose. Not of any use."
Love this sewing machine. Great beginners sewing machine just does not do well with thicker fabrics.
"Guess it's ok, haven't figured out how to use it yet, but, I'm a single man, so..."
"Purchased for 8 year olds first machine. It had good reviews. It is very hard to thread, hard to adjust tension. I know you get what you pay for the price was low."
I love this lil sew sew! So easy to use.
"Works great, my granddaughter loves it.  Easy to use and has a lot of different functions.  Exactly what I was looking for"
"I bought this sewing machine for my daughter, to see if she'd like sewing.  She always wanted to use my sewing machine, but it was too heavy for her to lug around, and too much hassle to get out for her small projects.  The first couple of times she tried it, it was way too fast for her, so she didn't like to use it.  After a little getting used to, she was able to use it on her own, but a few times later, she jammed it up and we've never been able to get it running again.  It was definitely not worth the price to have a mini sewing machine that she can't use.  It sat in her room for a year, then went to the thrift store."
"This is a great little machine for craft projects and every day touch up sewing, not recommended for heavy duty projects but great for working with kids teaching them to sew. I love it's compact design and and the included accessories great buy for the money."
"I do not write negative reviews but have to share my story for this product. The first machine was a Christmas gift and broke immediately out of the box. I believe the bobbin cartridge was to blame but the bobbin thread would not catch although the needle would go through the fabric, there was no thread. I emailed the company and their support consisted of emailing me the same videos that are on their website which was of no use. Returned for a new one through Amazon. The 2nd broke 'almost' immediately out of the box. The needle would not stay in the needle holder. I took it apart and finally got the needle to stay in place. Then the fabric would get caught in the bobbin carriage and cause a huge thread tangle. I have my own sewing machine and consider myself pretty sewing savvy but this one is not good quality. Sending this one back and buying a REAL sewing machine."
Boo! Didn't work right out of the box and my wife waited until after the return date to try to open. Extremely disappointed
Great starter machine for my kiddo plus fantastic of little projects.
Works great! Did some repairs and made some curtains in no time flat!
much better then the one i got my daughter at walmart now just to get her to use it more
"Right from the start, this never worked correctly.  The needle was misaligned and upon trying to use the machine, the needle broke immediately.  After my husband tried to fix it, he was able to get it to work somewhat, but the thread continuously snapped due to the ""fix.""  My daughter was so disappointed.  We returned it and got a different machine altogether.  Had it worked as expected, I think it would have been perfect for our 9 year old.  But it didn't, so I can't recommend this machine at all."
"great product, no problems with this sewing machine. it was a Christmas gift for my daughter who is a tween"
ok
"I bought this for my 9 year old for Christmas. She wanted to learn but she thought mine was too big and too fast for her. It is just her size. I think because of that, she learned how to use it fairly quickly and was not intimidated by it.  She has been making pillows and bags and tonight made her first corn bag. I don't think it's powerful or big enough for much more than that, but it's just right for her. However, the cord to the foot pedal is very short, almost too short. The biggest issue is that neither of the cords (power and foot pedal) fit securely into their ports. The AC cord doesn't even go in all the way. I had to ho,d in the foot pedal cord for her tonight. I am going to send it back to Amazon as you can't sew while using a hand to hold the cord in the whole time. Exchanging for another in hopes that it's a fluke. If the second one is just as bad, it's going back and I will adjust my stars accordingly."
Great intro sewing machine for my 9 year old.
"Does the least expected from a sewing machine but kinda weak for thick material

Update: it broke after only been used for very few times"
This was a prefect Xmas gift my fiance and I bought our daughter. She began sewing in school and asked Santa for a sewing machine and guess what he delivered. She loves it does not stop making pillows for everyone.
"Broke within a couple of months, spent hours trying to repair it. Don't waste your time and money, go with a better brand."
Bought this for my 8 year old granddaughter for Christmas. She loves it! I am teaching her how to sew and this is a very user friendly machine.
Very cheaply made--have trouble staying threaded and fairly complicated getting it going.  Bought it to do small stuff.  Not very fun when the thread messes up so frequently.
"This thing sucks.  The needle keeps jamming.  I would never recommend this to someone.  My daughter can't make a single line without having to call me for help untangling things.  No, it's not her fault.  Three times now I've unstuck and untangled it.  Re-thread, and made my own attempts.  This is trash."
"I purchased this machine since I just wanted to do a couple of craft projects...not heavy sewing...just on muslin. I was only able to make part of a muslin doll and 3 sides on a small muslin pillow. Apparently, I was not too observant when I purchased this machine since I did not notice that there was a trouble-shooting video by the picture of the machine. That should have warned me!!  I am totally frustrated because the bobbin holder went out of place and no matter how many times I have followed the video to correct this, it has been to no avail. I know I only paid $42 for the machine, but I feel I didn't even get my money's worth. This has some good reviews...maybe I got a 'dud'. I guess, as the old saying goes...you get what you pay for"". Totally disappointed and frustrated. Machine is packed away in its box."
I sewed 5 wedding dresses before it stopped working correctly. Good little machine until then.
"This machine is extremely light weight and compact although it lacks power. With the petal pushed to the floor, it was very slow. When putting thread onto the bobbin, it was messy and looked like it would knot when being used. The foot didn't even have enough weight to it to hold two pieces of fabric and a ribbon in place (which were pinned together). Spend the extra amount and buy a machine worth your money.. because this is not."
"I would give this a 5 star review if it had a setting that was just a little faster. As it is, I feel that the reviews have been spot on. This is a small, simple, sewing machine that is great for a beginner OR as is my case, great for the unusual amount of pants & sleeves that I need to hem to fit my seemingly short arms & legs. I've sewn 2 items so far & the stitching was smooth, but insufferably slow.

If you are going to be using it for simple tasks like hems on clothes, table clothes, sewing seems back together or making bandannas & such OR if this is for the young, beginner ~ I'm not sure you can beat the price for what this machine offers. With so many stitches available, it can grow some for the beginner & for the person who just needs to mend some clothes, it should be able to handle a bunch of different materials.
This has got to be the EASIEST sewing machine to thread that I've ever touched. While I'm no master seamstress, I have used several different types of sewing machines off & on over 40+ years. I have a feeling that for the monthly task I'll be putting it to, it will be just fine for quite a long time. For less than $3, I added the add'l 2 year warranty & though I don't expect to use it, it's nice to know that I'm covered & if I get just the 3 years out of it, it will more than have paid for itself by the 5th sewing job (usually pay $8 a pop to have something hemmed).

On to the items I've sewn already: The light flannel lounge pants were super easy. The 2nd task was actually heavy (modifying a carry bag for this Lil' sewing machine). I took a collapsible insulated cooler & had to take out a hard lip. While doing so, the trim on the lid flap was pulled loose as well, so it needed to be stitched back together. So, this was a rolled nylon trim (basically double thickness), the nylon/denier cooler outer shell & the vinyl inside of the cooler lid. This little job was easily as heavy as any denim I've had to sew recently & while the thread broke once, I was back in business quickly.

Having done the collapsible cooler, I would say that this machine is up to a VERY OCCASIONAL heavy item like thicker denim or short stretches of a not too thick comforter or even light wool. I would be concerned about the motor if I was sewing anything substantial in length that is thick. The section I had to sew was about 1.5 ft & did have 2 corners that were thicker, so I put it to the test pretty much right out of the box."
As advertised.
Bought this as a Christmas present for my 9 year old daughter. It is a good beginner sewing machine. The electric scissors that come with the purchase do not work though. They will be sent straight to the trash.
The machine constantly jams.  It is really poor quality.  I purchased for grandaughter for sewing on her own gir scout patches.  Very frustrating that it jams.
I looked all over Amazon for a small sewing machine for my 7 year old daughter.  All I saw were terrible reviews for them. This machine is great.  It comes with a small sewing kit and electric scissors. The machine works fine (I'm no sewing machine expert but it sews).  Several pattern settings seem to work fine.  The photos in the instructions aren't great but I found threading the needle and adding the bobbin were easy.  The machine comes threaded and ready to sew but I had to change some things out.  Overall I am extremely satisfied.  I would recommend this product.
"I just got my sewing machine today and it's already broken, I am an experienced sewing machine operator. It hung up during a slow hem stitching, so I took the garment off and retread the bobbin, but the spool in the base broke. Not entirely sure how that happened either as I was doing everything per instructions. I'm kicking myself for not putting in the extra cash to get a better brand."
1
Not very well made. Returned
I was a gift and she loved it
Broke in about 6 months
It's a toy.  I thought it was going to be a little more durable than an actual toy but the gears broke within a few weeks of use.
Bought this for my four year old daughter. She does great with it with my help. Works perfectly. Very sturdy. Received promptly.
I got this for my daughter for her 10th birthday. She loves it. It is the perfect size for her. It sews quite well. I has a switch on the side that will allow the machine to sew without pushing the foot pedal at a slow and fast speed. She doesn't care for that feature since she is still a beginner and she feels like it gets away from her and she can't turn it off quick enough. Overall I give it 5 stars and am very happy with this purchase
"My grand daughter is going to be thrilled to open this for Christmas. I tried it out before wrapping to make sure it was going to perform well for her. It is just right for a first machine for her to learn how to sew. Even if it is a little loud, it has all the extras I wanted her to have such as a work light, a reverse, a thread cutter, and several stitches. It is lightweight and looks like a 'grown up's' machine and not so much like a toy."
"Absolutely love this machine. Its very easy to operate and the stitches and tension is on point. I've own an old Brothers over 30 years old and needed something smaller to do crafts on and this Lil' Sew & Sew does just that for me.  I don't use the foot pedal being that is way too small compared to my other machine, however the low and high switch automaticly operates without using the pedal.  This product would be great for a beginner and it also works on 2 AA batteries in case of a power outage for a great past time ."
Caught on fire mid use and they refuse to replace or fix without me paying more.
Broke right away
"Great beginners sewing machine! Nothing fancy, but easy to use. My seven year old daughter can use it independently."
"This is the BIGGEST piece of s*** i have ever used!!!! I am no pro but i am also not someone who has never used a sewing machine and THIS THING SUCKS!!!!!! it does not do the stitches properly, it skips, jumps, bobbin keeps coming lose and then it jams the manual if that's what you call it is worthless i had to find a you tube video to explain how to fix the bobbin for it to just jam again 5 min later i am DONE messing with this thing!"
love it
"Although this little machine is fairly loud, it works very well.  It is so light-weight.  I have used it only for a few small projects so far, but I really do like it.  It comes preloaded with bobbin and off white / cream colored thread, so I just used that for my projects.  Cord is small and not very long, but I wouldn't classify that as negative.  All in all, pleasantly surprised by this machine, and would recommend it for quick, small jobs.  It may also work out well for a child who wants to learn to use a sewing machine."
Ty
I can't how small it is. :(
"This was a gift for a friend who wanted to do a fair amount of sewing but lives in tiny little apartment and sews on a tiny little card table, well you get the idea, When it came in the mail I couldn't believe the size of it. She's had it for several months now and says it works great and was exactly what she was looking for."
This is a Christmas present for my 12 yr old daughter...looks to be a good starter machine but will rate it fully after Christmas!
Not suitable for altering cargo pants and denim. The alignment of the needling system is gone. Now does not stitch even light clothes. Figured this only today and it is past return period. No other option other than dumping it. Machine is delicate and can be used to stitch only light clothes.
Very bed ...never buy
"It would be 0 stars if Amazon would let it. Biggest POS ever, it lost its timing 2 minutes in, broke 5 needles before deciding that it's nothing but a 50 dollar paperweight.  This thing is so bad that I don't think I'm going to return it.  I am really contemplating taking it out to the range and using it for target practice, at least then it would be good for something..."
Very good product. Very convenient. Happy
"I am 12 year old girl and I just love to create things! I know how to crochet, paint, hand sew, etc. My next step was to get a sewing machine. When I found this one I knew it was the one. I saved all my money until I was finally able to pay for it, but I was also scared that it wouldn't work or something... But I was wrong! I love this machine so much and it works perfectly! I made skirts for my little sister and a half circle skirt for myself. I highly recommend this machine to beginner and advanced sewers!!!"
"My 7 year old son kept wanting to use my sewing machine, but considering how much it costs, we decided to get him one for his brithday. It was difficult finding one in stores that wasn't made for girls (all pink and shimmery with flowers and hearts, cheapy looking). I wanted somethign that can stand the test of time and not take away his little boyhood. This worked like a gem and is SO stinkin' easy to use. I am seriously considering borrowing it to do quick hemming and such instead of lugging mine out! :)"
"OMG! In this day and age, you don't expect to get something perfect and more.  This little machine is a fully operational sewing machine with all basic functions plus, 8 stitches, a little foot pedal, it even has a little drawer in the machine for doo-dads! But not only that, it came with 3 bobbins and 3 spools of thread an extra needle AND THEN a whole box of sewing goodies including about 30 spools and bobbins of all colors, scissors, hand needles, seam ripper etc etc AND THEN a free electric scissors all boxed up.  I AM AMAZED."
"I was Very Surprised at the quality and ease of use in a machine in this price range.  I bought this for simple home clothing and fabric repairs, reducing pillow case sizes, fixing shirts, etc.  The Michley is a well-designed sewing machine.  The eight optional stitch designs cover about everything I would want to do with this.  The extra controls like Reverse Stitch and the logical placement of knobs make it obvious of how well thought out this machine is.  It was impressive that they even included info (also available on YouTube) for the most common Troubleshooting item: jammed bobbin.  I don't know how they put all this into a sewing machine priced so low.  Just glad they did !"
Was nice while the bobbin system worked.  But as you can see from other reports this assemble is very temperamental.
"I ordered this to sew with my 9 year old granddaughter.  I am so happy with everything about this machine.  We had a wonderful time going through the set-up and having her learn all about a sewing machine.  Good quality, easy to use, a great purchase for her first machine.  She made a pillow the very first time she used it.  It will also come in handy for small repair jobs.  No regrets about purchasing."
Massive mechanical noise! ...not good
"I teach sewing lessons to a variety of ages, and I prefer when my students ask for recommendations before they buy a new machine. This machine came as a gift to a new student of mine (9 y/o), and I knew as soon as I saw it that it would be trouble.  Cheap plastic body, cheap accessories, and a machine that is not user-friendly or easy-to-thread...and the users manual was truly awful.  It is billed as a great beginner machine, but is definitely NOT - even as a 30-year veteran sewer, I found this machine frustrating to use. I kept my concerns to myself, hoping that it would be enough for her, and would serve its purpose anyway. It sewed better than I expected, although that's not saying much, since my expectations were quite low. The supplied bobbins were poorly wound, and we had to unwind and redo any that we wanted to use.
Unfortunately, the nail in the coffin happened this evening, when the machine broke during a lesson - after being used only a handful of times.  First, the light started to flicker, and there seemed to be a short. Then the power cord stopped making a connection, and power was no longer getting to the machine.  We even tried to use batteries (in the battery compartment), but still no luck - the machine is dead, with no warning or explanation, and now my student is stuck needing to find another new machine.  This time, I'll be giving her recommendations!"
"This is the worst machine I have ever used.  I grew up sewing my own clothes, blankets, pillows, quilts, stuffed animals, etc.  I wanted to buy my own sewing machine to use to make things like blankets, crib sheets and clothes for my baby on the way.  It did good through the first blanket so I made one more.  Then I moved on to a crib sheet that my son is using at school for his nap cot.  Today I went to make a smaller blanket and two receiving blankets to wrap baby in.  As time has gone on I've had various problems with this machine.  The problems have been with the bobbin thread getting bound up and bogging down the machine.  Today was the pinnacle of it all.  I was sewing a single layer blanket on a brand new bobbin wound using the machine and also a brand new spool of (crappy) thread that came with the machine because the good thread I bought was too big to fit.  Well somehow the bobbin bunched up about 5 times between the one and a quarter projects.  I had to rethread the machine several times.  Then it all happened.

I was sewing along just fine until the bobbin chatastrophically failed.  And somehow this also used up all the thread on my brand new spool!  I cannot for the life of me account for that much thread.  I'm wondering if it's bunched up in the machine somewhere.

So now I have a project sitting there not even half finished because of the terminal fail of this horrible machine.

Buyer beware!!  You get what you pay for."
"Worked for about three pair of pant hems on basic dress pants. Quality wasn't terrible, but what you might expect from a  $40 machine. Timing mechanism broke after about 2 weeks of use."
"This is a piece of junk. I ordered it to make blankets for animal rescues. I got two made before it stops sewing properly. I've been through the whole manual and looked at everything it suggested and it still doesn't work. Now it's going to be such a pain to return it, I guess I will just suck up the $50 it cost me. Not happy at all!! I guess you get what you pay for but there is no reason for this. I think the plastic ""housing"" that holds the bobbin isn't working correctly. It moves all over and stops the needle from sewing. I took the cover off to see if there was tightening I could do or if it was jammed but there isn't and it wasn't. I wouldn't even recommend this machine for the teeniest, tiniest sewing jobs. I would give it zero stars if I could."
"It's a cheap machine, I get it.  Even so, I'd expect it to work a little better than it did for me...

At less than the cost of having a few shirts tailored, I figured this machine was worth the gamble for some light-duty at-home alteration work.  Not so much.  First off, the needle that comes with the machine is total junk.  I broke mine halfway through one fairly light cotton shirt - it hung-up on a seam (machine doesn't have much power, either), then got jammed inside the machine and snapped.  Do yourself a favor and buy some higher quality needles along with the machine and replace the factory installed one before you run a single stitch.  Second, the seam riper that comes with the combo kit is completely useless - mine appeared to have been cast from some kind of pot metal, and the only even remotely sharp part was the tip.  Finally, once I had made a trip to the local craft store to address the aforementioned shortcomings, the tension adjustment mechanism decided to fail and left me without any tension or a way to adjust it.  I attempted to open up the machine and reset the mechanism, but I never got it right and predictably the machine wouldn't stitch correctly.

For the (exceptionally) brief period of time the machine did work, it seemed to work well.  There don't really appear to be many other options around this price point, so if you're willing to take the gamble it might be worth it for limited, light-duty work."
I returned it because it was a little too limited.  Can't see thicker fabrics with this.
"Bought this sewing machine for my Granddaughter's 11th birthday. She absolutely loves it. She's sewing everyone gifts for Christmas.
it even has a light.  it comes with a great sewing kit - lots of colored thread and metal bobbins already threaded with matching colors. The electric scissors weren't the greatest. stopped working in an hour."
"I purchased this sewing machine for our 6 year old Granddaughter for her birthday and she loves it.  It's easy to thread~  she can do it herself!.
It is a good weight and the selection of decorative stitches makes it fun to use.  She has already made two pillows and a pillow case.  Great."
Finally I am now able to hem my own things! Yes! I love it so easy and simple to use!
Just what I wanted to teach my granddaughters to sew.
Works great for small basic things and that's what I needed it for!
"I think this is a useful machine for beginners and even experts. I personally use it for altering pants (including denim) and shirts. Not too noisy, not too heavy. The needle is quite sturdy."
This was a gift for my niece and she absolutely loves it! Sewing away with no problems. I believe they offer a warranty or repair plan. This wouldnt be a bad idea. There have been no problems with our sewing machine that my niece uses. Great product and great value!
I absolutely love this little machine!!!! I've used several times to hem pants or repairs. I wish the instructions were more user friendly.
"Who would have thought this little wonder would sew so well! You can figure out how to use it in about two minutes. Threading is super simple. Only drawbacks were that the scissors that come in the kit (hand scissors, not electric) are really crap. They wouldn't cut a piece of paper. Also, there's no zipper foot. But hey, it is what it is -- a super cheap, lightweight machine that will do hems, alterations. etc.  I actually used it to put in a zipper (even without a foot) and it worked just fine."
It does what I have asked it to do so far for being small and priced where it is.
"Lil Sew & Sew by Tivax (Michley) Model FHSM-505 a/k/a LSS-505

Good for light jobs, not strong enough for heavy fabric or trim cord.  But I did use it for quilting and even with the cotton batting, it worked fine and I use a specialty thread designed for machine quilting.  This machine is not good for adding any decorative cording and it will just stop dead because it can't get through it...not even a light cotton twill cord.

It is much louder than a standard size sewing machine, but it is plastic and lightweight.

Can use ""Class 15"" bobbin replacements as long as they are METAL. I bought this second hand so there was only one bobbin by the time I got it.  I purchased a package of Singer Class 15 bobbins. They fit perfectly.  I like to make several bobbins ahead of time so I don't have to re-thread my machine in the middle of a job.

Winding the bobbin was not difficult, and I could see that it was trying to wind the bobbin evenly, but I did have to ""guide the thread"" just a little to make sure it wound evenly (No high or low spots).

I had the same issue with the thread breaking and also could not ""advance"" the thread easily when removing the fabric from under the foot. (Yes, I did raise the foot first!)  I always had to gently pull the thread from the top of the machine in order to move the fabric to the point where I could use the ""snip"" thread cutter...otherwise, the thread would break. Read further to find out how to alleviate this problem. All 3 of the suggestions should be followed to correct the problem of thread breaking.

1)  There is a small plastic white disc that is designed to sit on top of the spool of thread when placed on the thread spindle.  Just place it lightly on top of the spindle, do NOT push it down any further than absolutely necessary just to keep it on. Do NOT let it touch the spool of thread because if you do, it will create too much tension on the spool and will result in repeatedly breaking your thread.  In fact, you can leave it off all together because it's not likely that your spool of thread is going to jump off that spindle.

2)  If you are looking at the Instruction Manual, go to page 4 where it shows how to thread the machine.  The focus on this tip is the position #1 where is shows a small spindle just to the left (facing the machine) of the main thread spindle. This small spindle is meant as a ""guide"" from the main spindle to the rest of the machine.  Look closely at this small spindle.  You will see a thin slot around the center of the spindle.  The thread must pass around the thin slot. I didn't see this thin slot (almost like a perforation in the spindle) and was wrapping my thread around the bottom of this small spindle which is another reason why I couldn't advance the thread easily...and why my thread was constantly breaking.

3)  Thread your needle from front to back.  This is not clearly shown in the illustration in the instruction manual (position #6).

The operation of the machine is pretty straightforward.  It would be good for a child, perhaps 12+ y.o., only because it is straightforward, doesn't have all the bells and whistles of a more serious sewing machine, and because a child of that age is not likely to sew anything too complicated on this machine.  But it is still a sewing machine, and the needle is just as sharp as any other and little hands can get in spaces where an adult's hand may not.  Supervision is critical.  I've seen adults place their finger tips too close to the needle in order to ""walk the fabric"" under the needle.  I've also seen that needle go straight through their fingernail into their finger.  Not a pretty sight.

Summary:  If you're looking for a simple, small, lightweight sewing machine for simple projects and mending, this is okay.  The floor foot pedal is pretty lightweight and has a tendency to move around a bit.  I just wedged it against a hard surface to keep it from moving around on the floor.  I have ""outgrown"" this Lil Sew & Sew, but I still keep it around because I am using it as a bobbin winder.  I only paid $20 for this used machine, so it is a lot cheaper than buying Simplicity's cheap ""Bobbin Winder"" machine at $35. Furthermore, I was thinking of getting the Simplicity Bobbin Winder using a Joann's coupon, but Simplicity was ""excluded"" from the coupon.  I am pretty sure you can use the Joann's coupon online for the Simplicity Bobbin Winder should you choose to go that path.  But I just kept my Lil Sew & Sew to use as a bobbin winder...and as a second machine for simple things should I need one."
It broke on its second use and the directions are lacking.
"I purchased this for my daughter as a Christmas gift. She's 8, and really wanted to learn about sewing. I figured the price was worth the risk, since it was a gamble whether she'd even wind up taking a liking to it. We tried on several occasions, but never could quite get it to work. Watched several youtube videos and got advice from people who knew a lot more about sewing than I do, and still nothing. It finally gave out a few months ago and we just haven't gotten around to fixing it."
"I am not a great seamstress and was just looking for something to do basic mending.  The machine was ready to go...easy to thread....my biggest fear with sewing.  Easy to use,  Perfect for small craft projects.  Maybe practicing on this might help me move up to a big girl sewing machine."
"Just as described.  Has worked well for 11 year old but have not put it through it paces, seems to be a good machine to learn on with stitch options."
it broke within a week
"It's ok for litto jobs
I lack it"
It's ok
"I ended up buying two of these machines. Both started out great. Then something happened where the bobbin mechanism falls out. I bought the first machine for my granddaughter and borrowed it to do some basic sewing. That one fell apart and I felt bad so  I bought her a new one. Then before I could barely get started this one did the same thing. When it worked it was great, but sure didn't last long!!!"
"I love it! Its perfect for travel, very small ! Definetly the best mini machine in the US! http://www.best-home-ideas.com/2014/07/top-6-best-mini-sewing-machines-u-s.html"
Stopped working on the second day
Good for me
"I'm surprised by the other reviews on this product. I'm assuming if you know anything about sewing machines, you would know you would be paying much more than 50 bucks for what these people expected.  Now for 50 bucks and for someone's first machine or a kid at college, PERFECT!  It is a great little machine."
"I had hoped this would be a good starter for my 10 year old. Unfortunately its poorly made, upon second use of the machine it stopped working. Would not recommend this product."
Lasted a month before it got stuck in the on position. The peddle wouldn't even be plugged in. As soon as you plugged it in it would be on and going wild. I sewed two small newborn pants with it and that's it!
It doesn't work and it kept getting stuck to the fabric while sewing
"It is a good intro to sewing machines and sure is practical, but it stared acting out pretty quickly."
Easy to use. Worth every $ spent.
Loving this and its very helpful
I bought this for my 7 year old daughter for her birthday. She loved it! It came set up with the bobbin threaded and everything. It has a foot pedal and a light on it. Sews pretty well for a $60 machine.
"Great description, fast shipping, and good product! Would purchase from seller again!"
Absolutely terrible. Broke on the second use.
Fit the job I needed to do..
"This was a nice little machine to start with. However, after about 2 months, it wouldn't switch to different stitch settings. I was also going through needles like crazy, adjusting tension for various fabrics, and still could not get it to do simple things like fixing the hem on a pillowcase. I'm very much a noobie with sewing machines, but I've tried other brands and have never had this much trouble."
"fits perfectly on my dining room table. for a 1st sewing machine, it is easy to use.

Update: it hasn't even been a year yet and I'm already having problem with the timing. The bobbin keeps getting stuck."
Going to specie because out-of-the-box it would not work. I called their hotline and they were not able to help.
it is way to small.
It's easy to use this sewing machine. Today I will celebrate because I found a durable machine. High recommended
Works perfectly. Some of the reviews are bad for this but I have yet to have a problem. (I use 2x a month)
Perfect
it wasn' what I wanted.
"I bought this machine for my daughter. I wanted a machine she could learn the basics and safety of sewing with. She's now 5 and sews like a pro. It's a lightweight basic machine, so no surprise it does not do well with thicker fabrics. In fact, I wouldn't sew anything heavier than flannel, but for a child, that's perfectly fine. The one feature on it that I do not like at all is the automatic sewing on low/high. For a child I want her to have immediate control of the needle, so if she gets poked she can turn it off immediately.  I ended up duct taping the switch in the 'off' position so it only works when she uses the pedal. Another drawback is that it only holds small/thin spools of thread, so Coats&Clark All Purpose does not fit, but the Dual Duty does. So far I haven't had a problem with the bobbins, although it takes a couple tries to pick up the thread sometimes. Reverse has worked like a charm, and tension hasn't given me many problems. It did arrive in non-working condition because the belt fell off, so I took a few screws out, put it back in place, and went on our way. No harm - no foul. I wish it came with more attachments (extra feet, bobbins, and sewing utensils like larger machines do)"
Too small.
"Bought this as a gift and unfortunagtelyu it was never able to be used. We could never get the tension to set correctly. I wouldn't recomment this, even as a starter sewing machine or gift. Highly disappointed."
very good product my sister and my wife like it
"I needed to shorten the straps on several tank dresses and used this little machine to do it myself.  Taking them to a tailor would have cost more than the machine.  So, even if it broke tomorrow, I am still ahead.  It is pretty easy to figure out and I am not seamstress, by any stretch.  I have used sewing machines before, else I never would have figured out how to thread it and to get the bobbin thread to come up through the metal plate where it needs to be.  Sorry, I don't know the terminology.  The machine arrives already threaded; if you have no experience, then take a picture of the threading before you do anything so that you can recreate it.  Then, go online and get a video to show you how to get the bobbin thread working.  I highly recommend that you opt for the combo for a few dollars more.  The battery operated scissors are useless.  However, the box of threads and bobbins you receive are well worth it.  Nice to know that this has already paid for itself and I still have a nice little machine around to do small jobs, if I need it."
Nice machine for someone new to sewing. Bought this for my 9 year old to experiment. All stitches work well and the light is very handy. Easy to thread for anyone as long as you follow the instructions. It is nice that the threading procedure is detailed in the machine itself with numbers. Good machine for the price.
"This was a total waste of my money.  It is very cheaply made (you get what you pay for).  I bought this to teach my 9 year old niece how to make simple summer pillow case dresses.  We never got to step one with this machine because the bobbin would not stay in place.  Instructions indicated what to do should this happen; however, no amount of adjusting caused the bobbin to stay put.  I don't know if the rest of the machine works because I couldn't get past the jumping bobbin.  However, based on the cheap look of the machine, I doubt that the rest of the machine operates any better than the bobbin.  I didn't return it because I bought it in the spring to be used in July, so I assumed the time had expired to return it.  I don't think it is worth giving away.  Please save your money and not buy this machine."
GOOD
Loved it! Not for heavy duty but it's a cute little machine for repairs and light sewing. It's a good starter kit!
Awesome my daughter loves it
excelente procducto
I am unable to use foot controls and so gave up sewing until I came across this. It's not an expensive machine so it doesn't have all the bells and whistles. But the fact that it has hand controls has allowed me to sew again!
Working great so far :]
This product is very nice and no issues until now :)
Very simple and easy to use. Makes nice tight stitches too. I bought this one for the kids.
it's either stopped or full blast.  should have probably just purchased a full size machine and monitored use with the child.
"Works as expected. Very light weight, great for small apartments, easy to store."
Seems like a nice setup for the price. I bought this for my daughters 8th birthday so she could sew like mom. It is a little advanced for her without a lot of supervision but should be something she can grow into and enjoy for years to come.
It works good and  easy to use!!!! I love it!!!
Very good for beginners
Not working...useless machine... Bobbin doesn't work. When I opened bobbin case retainer was broken.
What a perfect size for my work space.
as advertised--Well packaged --Very quick shipment! Thanks
Very handy little guy. It does wonders with light fabric. Heavy fabric will break the needle. Perfect size!
"I've never used a sewing machine so I bought this one mainly for the price. Who wants to spend 200 & up on something you !may not even like doing? First of all, the machine is very easy to thread. There are little arrows right on it telling you where to go next. After getting some patterns for envelope patterns on Pinterest, I managed to make 6 of them! Then I made some pannel curtains for the living room. I also watched a YouTube video on how to hem jeans while kepinhg the original hem. I did buy a denim needle for that project, but I hemmed 4 pairs of jeans for my son. Remember now, I've NEVER used a sewing machine! I haven't had any problems with it at all. It's a good little machine for the price and I highly recommend it."
Don't buy itit doesn't work when you used it. i want to return it 
I am not gifted in this department but I think it is a good machine.
LOVE MY NEW AEWING MACHINE
This machine broke within 24 hours. Thread kept getting caught and tangled in the bobbin. Fabric would also get stuck. I tried all the troubleshooting ideas from the company. Nothing works. You get what you pay for.
It is a very nice product
Good for this price
Well worth the price.
"My niece loves this, it was so easy for her to use, she made a pillow and a quilt square all in one evening."
love it great for beginners
Great small sewing machine. I don't sew very often so this is perfect for me.
Cheap Junk.. Gets stuck on any fabric thicker than paper. Don't do it.
"It gets the work done for small craft project.  I make small bags and purses with this machine.
It is very light weight, small and cute.  They included the sewing set that is in the picture."
I liked this machine for about 1 month then the bobbin housing broke.  I ordered a new one because it was out of warranty.  The same thing happened.  So if you buy this Little Sew and Sew buy the extended warranty guarantee-- you will use it as it is a waste of time and money.
Fair.  Not to pleased.
"I'm no tailor, but this little machine serves my purpose. I run a zig-zag stitch up the sides of some white sheer curtains to make a grain bag for home brewing. Simple, no muss, no fuss. doesn't take up a lot of space in storage where it spends the majority of its time, but ready to go when I need it."
Love this machine
"I got this sewing machine for Christmas. I was rooting for this little machine sure little hiccups here and there but now its nothing but problems. Have to reset bobbin every 5 minutes have to re-thread, constantly messing up. Sews way too fast and you cannot slow it down. Terrible machine! Extremely frustrating."
Got this for my daughters 11th birthday and it works great for her she loves making things for our hedgehogs great buy for a starter for kids learning to sew
AMAZING!!!!!! the 100 piece sewing kit is small but it's perfect. The electric scissors was a great bonus. The machine is just medium sized & BEAUTIFUL!!!! Haven't tried using it as yet though
My daughter loves it.
"You get what you pay for, or less with this one.  The thread kept breaking no matter what tension was set.  Then it completely would not pick up the bobbin thread.  Could not get it to sew one thing.  I returned it after trying to work it for 2 days.  One plus is what came with it.  Spools of thread and bobbins. A kit with scissors, threaded, tape measure, threader,  needles, the works.  It even came with an electric scissors in another box.  But what good is all that if the machine won't work."
"More like a toy.  I can't use it for what I purchased it for, taking pants hem."
"The thread kept getting stuck within the machine where the metal bobbin is. It would work for a while than out of nowhere it would get stuck. If it didn't do that I would have loved it. As the stitches were strong, it was easy to thread, and easy to use. I just think mine was defective. Now i'm stuck with sewing by hand. :/

However, I was able to return it for a full refund so I'm happy about that. :)"
My granddaughter was very surprised with the Christmas gift and got very excited after a couple of months.  Her mother signed her up for sewing lessons and the machine never worked.  There is a problem with the bobbin - it doesn't turn.  Now I have to go out and buy another.  My recommendation is to skip this machine and go for a more reliable one.
"Really quality machine!!  I bought another one for my grandchild and it was soooo cheap!  Same price too.
this one is just great."
Excellent seller. Arrived very quickly and just as described! I just wanted a machine to sew little things here and there when needed and this one is amazing! Very compact but also sews through every material I've tried so far without any issues. I love this machine
"I haven't personally used this machine yet.  Haven't had time, but it did come as described.  It's very small and light weight, but I think it'll be great for small easy jobs."
Broke after a couple uses. I tried to troubleshoot with the bobbin problem. Crap product
I couldn;t believe how will this lil sew and sew works!
This is an amazing sewing machine for a starter
"Great starter.  I eventually bought something more durable for my needs, but it was a great way to start learning how to use a sewing machine."
"Love this little machine. I makes me want to sew more!!! I only needed to sew a few simple cotton curtains so I didn't need or want a bigger machine. This little thing is amazing with what it does and I couldn't be happier with my choice. It sews as well as any bigger, stronger machine I have been on, at least for the light weight material I was using. After seeing how easy it was to use making my simple curtains I am inspired to move on to more complex projects with it. If there is any negative at all, it might be that it doesn't go quite a fast nor have quite the power as a bigger machine so it likely would not work on thicker type materials."
Bobbin problems.
it is very easy to use. I just love it.
"It does the job, very small and very protable"
Nice little machine for the price. Just got it for hemming and light sewing. Easy to use.
"i read all the bad reviews before this package came, but I was too engulfed in the extremely low price.i was so exited for this to come and at first it was great! BUT after about 10 minutes, things went plummeting down hill. it would make about a half a stitch, then jam. i tried taking it apart multiple times, still no progress. honestly,just spend and extra 20-40 dollars PLEASE and save your self the retun money of this. this machine is horrible. and seriously should be burned."
Nice for starter/learning.
Was not impressed had to fix when it came and it continues to jam up which frustrates my granddaughter
I am highly disappointed in this machine.. Technically it's a toy.. maybe good for a child to learn sewing.. But overall it wouldn't do basic stitches..  I only used it twice and it's broken.. waste of money
"So disappointed in this machine!!  After all the good reviews, I bought this for my excited daughter's 8th birthday present.  After one great use, it no longer works!  I can't get the needle thread to pick up the bobbin thread and sew stitches-- they all come undone immediately.  Unfortunately, we didn't realize this until JUST after the return window of 30 days.  I don't know what to do with this expensive doorstop now. So disappointed!  Don't waste your money. :("
Practically useless.  My wife couldn't use this machine more than 5 minutes without it slowing down.  It began to skip stitches and breaking needles.  This item is a toy.
Great product and fast shipping.
First the bobbin is always getting loose and trying to finish a simple seam is agony.
"Perfect for your young daughter to learn and enjoy fixing everyone's buttons, holes, rips,etc.  Even hemming mommy curtains.  Ty baby."
Worked for a very short time then just sew in place.
It gets the job done.
I bought this a couple months back. It works really well at first but it does tend to snag a lot. It is nice for touch ups and quick fixes. For sewing actual clothing though.... I do not recommend this little guy.
It's really handy and it does your work. But it cannot be used for a long time as the capacity will be low compared to the normal machines. It's perfect for all small works.
Loved the idea of a small sewing machine for my daughter but the thread kept getting underneath the platen. Followed directions but still to no avail.
"In spite of watching the youtube video to fix the bobbin, it still doesn't work.  It was working fine for my first couple projects, but then it jammed.  Reading the instruction manual and searching the Internet, I determined that the problem was the bobbin.  After watching the video, I was able to fix it once, but then it jammed again and I haven't been able to fix it.  This was a waste of money."
Great value. Works very well for the smaller projects I purchased it for. Easy to thread. The large thread boost is wonderful. I am going to use this to teach my daughters to sew.
i love it
"I've been sewing for over 30 years. Definitely a beginner's sewing machine. I bought this for my 7 year old daughter. She was so excited to receive it. Its very cute and compact. Testing it out myself, the stitches are consistent but I wish the pressure foot was removable to realign because it is not centered correctly. To be able to interchange the presser foot with a clear one would help my daughter to see her stitches better. To help, I just darkened her sewing line with a colored pencil. I would say it is good for a simple project. I would suggest to walk the stitches manually for acute curves. After replacing the needle that it came with, I was able to have better results in the stitches. The bobbin winder is OK. It is necessary to help it wind evenly from top to bottom of the bobbin. I would recommend buying a basic Brother machine for the apprentice. You will have better results."
"This is a great little starter machine.  It's a midpoint between a toy and a real machine.  I think it's much less intimidating to learn on than a big machine, so for that reason, I highly recommend it.  It's not expensive, so its a good way for a child to start.  This broke pretty quickly though, but I still give it four stars for being a great machine for a child to learn on."
a little on the cheap side but is exactly as you should expect - works great for smaller jobs!
This is Great machine for a learner. But definitely not for think fabric. Mine came with initial thread set up so was a big help. Sometime the threads keep breaking. It's kind of ok sewing machine as compare to its price.
granddaughter loves this sewing machine.  Thinking of buying one for myself.
"This is a piece of junk!  I bought this to teach my granddaughter to sew. This is a toy and not a serious sewing machine to learn to sew on.  I'm surprised my granddaughter stayed with it as long as she did. I've been sewing for  over 50 years including 4 wedding dresses, a man's suit, and formal dresses for every prom and homecoming my daughters ever attended.  If a child really wants to learn to sew, spend the extra $40 or $50 to get a proper machine.  This is not it.  It breaks thread. The tensions are wrong.  It's very difficult to use and learn to sew a straight line at the same time. In an effort to keep her interested, I finally had to get a real sewing machine, a Brothers machine,  for beginners.  The Michley Lil' Sew & Sew is the fastest way to discourage anyone from actually learning to sew."
I bought this machine for my daughter last Christmas but we didn't have time to use it til a year later. It doesn't work. As soon as I plug it in it starts operating on its own without pushing the pedal. I was not able to return it or exchange it because I took too long to open it.
This is made well
"I have  enjoyed this sewing machine.
I use it on my truck  (18 wheeler) to make baby quilts for friends and family.  It's an adult mini Sewing machine."
Bought it for my grand daughter. She loves and works perfect.
Machine arrived on time but would not operate.  Returned for full refund
Read a few reviews indicating it was  difficult to get prepped to start. This was not a problem for me. Easy little machine to use.  Perfect for my daughter.
Perfect size - this little machine does it all - very happy for the price I paid!
It doesn't work.
My daughter loves it.
Easy to use...
i was amazed as to how well it was kept protected from getting broken . :)
Bought this for my grand daughter and she loves it.  Only complaint is the size of the eye in the needle  Even she cant see it.
Never was able to get it work right out of the box.  I'm no seamstress but I do know my way around a  sewing machine. I returned it and am currently teaching my granddaughter how to use my machine.
"I love it, it is great for my sewing needs. I made a slip cover for our porch swing and a pillow cover to match. Works great"
"It's a great sewing machine for my 6 year old granddaughter.  Sews only straight stitches, all the same length.  But it's a real sewing machine and she actually makes doll clothes and quilts for her dolls.  It's a good learning machine for her.  Works great for her small hands."
"Buy this at your own risk!  After watching the videos, it's easy to thread after following the video, the videos are awesome.  The bobbin seized up after sewing about 5 inches, I followed the instructions in the trouble shooting video for an hour, I did exactly what they said, 3-4-5 times.  The minute the cover goes back on, the bobbin freezes again. I'm not incompetent, this machine is poorly designed and defective."
My7-year-old niece loves it and has been using it regularly to make things for her dolls.  This is a great starter machine that is NOT a toy and I am so glad to have been able to give this to her.
didn't sew through any of my shirts. It was weak sauce.
I gave this to my granddaughter for Christmas. She just loves it. It appears to be good quality!!
"Very satisfied with this purchase! I needed something inexpensive to help me with small sewing jobs. Now I'm making pillow covers like it's going out of style! Just today did a little hemming on summer dresses with no problems. I would definitely recommend this little machine, it's a true bargain."
"Small great for kids, even can sit in the middle of nowhere if you want battery power option"
"MICHLEY LSS 505 Lil Sew &Save---This sewing machine, though listed as Lil Sew & Sew LS TO BE CONSIDERED A GIANT . I got it for my grand daughter, who loves sewing and she is enjoying every minute she has to spend in sewing. It is really a pleasure to watch her  mastering her talent with this Sewing Machine.  Would purchase it for myself, If only I needed one. Very pleased with this item."
its perfect for what I do I love it
Nice little machine
Not worth it money wasted child disappointed
just simply AWESOME!
Machine is more for a kid to learn on I think.  I got it because I was going to do light sewing and make my daughter's dolls some clothes. I didn't want to invest too much money.  But even after just 2 days of very light sewing (light cotton fabric only) the machine is squeaking like crazy and the needle has already broken.  Has an issue with the bobbin jamming also.  This is now going to be for my daughter to use and I will find me something more heavy duty.
"Love this! i just wanted a very simple machine in order to sew together liners for crochet purses I make, and this does the job!  Since its a little machine, i haven't tried to use any particularly heaving fabrics, mostly just the usual fabric you buy. It did work on fleece where i had to sew the seam of my sheets back together.  The extra kit is a neat little add on, its great to have multiple spindles.  The only quirk on that is the colors on the bobbins and the spindles are similar, but there is actually not a matching color on a bobbin and a spindle.  For me thats not a big deal, but if you were sewing a project where you would be able to see the stitching, you would have to change a thread so that it was matching"
good working little machine for my grandaughter
"Do not buy. Do not buy. Do not buy.
This is a stupid little machine. It constantly hocks or stops and it rips the clothes. The thread glides over the clothes but doesn't make a stitch. Very disappointed. I wish I'd listen to the other reviews. I won't bother return it i live in the Caribbean. I'll just accept my lose. But people believe me don't end up like me full of regret. Now i have to buy another. Again i say stupid useless machine. Waste of money. Disappointed. I spent over 300 of currency on this little machine. What a waste. I'm so disappointed because this us supposed to be my first machine. And i just can't believe i wasted 300 dollars in it. To make matters worst i won't get any thing back. All i can do is stay with this stupid little machine on a shelf and hope that another purchase will yield better results. I tried it again and again and it just won't sew. I wish i could give it a -1 star. No one can begin to imagine my discontentment. I'm to the point if tears. What a waste. And great let down. Don't buy this machine."
i was worried .... but its a great beginner or small hobby machine....i am using it to make curtains pilloxs an my lil girl summer tops......i am so excited
Just received my machine so far so good. I have a couple tulle skirts to make I will leave another review after they are completed. As for now the stitches are tight and the machine work perfectly.
"The pros: once properly set up, it works great and I have been able to make cushions for an entire couch with upholstery weight fabric.  I read some reviews on here saying that this sewing machine isn't capable of sewing fabrics as thick as denim.  Wrong.  If you go to any fabric/sewing store and just buy an upholstery/denim (sharper) style needle for like $1, it works great.  This sewing machine is compact, and it's nice that the kit comes with so much stuff.

Cons: directions are confusing and it took forever for me to figure out.  I had problems with the bobbin jamming up and getting tangled as well (almost gave up and returned it), and found that my problem was that the top needle wasn't properly threaded (watch out because when the machine's not in use, the thread can easily fall out of the tension thing, which makes it jam up) - after that was fixed, I had no further problems."
so good for me . because I'm learning I RECOMENDED A LOT
"More like a child's sewing machine, quick delivery"
"I don't mind the fact that it's very small but I received the machine broken and parts missing. The presser foot, needle bar, bobbin case retainer, and needle was missing, while bobbin case retainer  was broken. Unfortunately I came back to see if I could return it and I realized I could no longer return it. I wished I didn't have to buy it here but I did because I needed a machine so badly. Now, it is just taking space in my house. It is useless!"
GREAT FOR 8 YRS OLD.
"This machine was a reasonable price and the shipping was fast and we'll packaged. I thought this would be a good beginner sewing machine for me but it turned into nothing but a headache.  The directions weren't great for someone who knows nothing about sewing but I found YouTube extremely helpful. After making sure it was threaded correctly I started to practice on a scrap
... the thread broke.... I rethreaded. Started again.  Thread broke. Rethreaded. Lowered the tension. Started again thread broke. Got annoyed walked away for a bit. Came back rinse and repeat. Nothing I did would make this machine work the way it shous but to be fair I'm chalking some of it up to operate error and cheap thread. I've decided to just do my project by hand stitching (which I'm well versed) amd return this machine."
I had to rethread so often that my daughter nearly lost the interest that she has for sewing. I'm considering a reputable brand for a more enjoyable experience for a child who simply wants to sew
This item arrived to me in time and worked as described; I still use it.  Thanks
very pleased
Mierda
"it broke after only a few uses. we used the user's guide to trouble shoot it, but those only fixed the issue temporarily before it broke again. so we returned it"
"I have been sewing for 30 years and have sewed on good quality sewing machines.  With that being said, I know that a lightweight inexpensive sewing machine will not compare to my Bernina sewing machine.  I have my sewing room and that is where my Bernina stays.  I wanted a lightweight sewing machine that I can put in my RV when me and my family go camping.  So I bought the Michley Lil' Sew & Sew LSS-50.  The weight, size and price was right on, however, the quality of the sewing machine itself and the stitching is not what I expected.  The sewing stitch length did not meet my standards.  The standard straight stitch for medium fabrics is 2.5 or 3mm.  The smallest straight stitch length on this machine is about a 3.5 or 4mm which is good for top stitching.  I want a sewing machine that sews the standard stitch length of 2.5.  The sound of this machine is a bit rough.  I like to sew in the early morning when everyone is asleep.  That is my time to myself.  If I sew something with this little machine in my RV, I would surely wake everyone up

This cute little machine would be good for a beginner just learning to sew or for paper crafts such as card making or scrap booking.  I have purchased the Janome Sew Mini for $20 more, and I got a better quality sewing machine."
Was a hit!!!
I highly recommend this item for beginners like me.  I have made a couple of medium to small decorative pillows with no problems!
Absolutely perfect!! Came threaded and ready to go!!
nice fast shipping works great
Delivered on time but regret buying it because it get spoiled before I could even start using it
"I bought this as a birthday gift for my daughter and we were really excited until we tried to use it. The plate UNDER the bobbin case was being hit by the needle. It was not installed properly. This is a ""timing"" issue and I would have had to pay to have it fixed when it's brand new. Do not buy. Now my daughter has no birthday gift from me until this junk is returned and thankfully Amazon being a reputable company will refund my card. One star is being forced on me when in reality 0 is my opinion."
This sewing machine is amazing. I am a teenager and love it I already made a lot of pillow cases! Worth the money
Do not good.
Had a rough time in the beginning figuring it out but works fine
does what i wanted and easy to change thread and bobbin...im pleased with the preformance...its never going to be a seamstress hard working machine but i only needed it for hemming and odd jobs maybe a pillowcase or 2
I didn't want to spend a lot investing in a sewing machine so I got this after reading the reviews. I am disappointed because I only got it to work a couple of times and then it just refused to work no matter what I did. I googled for help and did everything I could but it's just sitting there collecting dust now. Should have just spent a little more and got a better machine.
Perfect sewing machine for juniors.
I got this as a gift for my niece.... Didn't work the first time she used it.
"I bought this machine about a week ago and I am in love with it! I am a beginning this is the first sewing machine I ever use and I find it easy to use. The only thing that is annoying about this machine is that when you're using the machine, the led light button moves so the light turns on and off at times, but everything is is great."
I like it
This is a great little machine for my 7 year old. It's very basic and easy for her to use and understand.
Nice little sewing machine for crafting items just the right size for a home shop
Haven't even used it a dozen times and it already broke
Can not say enough good ! Love it !! First time enjoyed making a blouse in quite some years :-)
Good value machine but it broke within a year.
Love it! Bought it for my 9 year old daughter for her pillow business.
"Got these today! Already used.work pretty good! I sooooo love,it my first sewing machine ever! It is so easy to use. Build with everything.i just found out their a needle threader !  Whiches I never heard before.make my life even better. Just  finish my rip bedding. Look so much better recommended to everyone."
My daughter was super excited when she opened this gift. It looked great and seemed to be a awsome little crafting gift. It however broke about 1/2 way through the first thing she tryed to sew(a small pillow). This thing is garbage. Not even gonna try to return it or mess with it. Dont waste your time.
My daughter loves this machine. It has an automatic setting and the pedal. It's easy for her to use (she's 8) and she has made many of her own little projects already!
"machine broke after third use. the pedal plugin hole is blocked and the machine runs continuously when turned on. i gave it as a gift more than 30 days after buying it. that was a mistake on my part, as now we have a broken sewing machine."
very easy to use. Great!
This is made of thin plastic and would not work when we took it out of the box.  There is no way it would ever work!!!!!!! This is not meant for real sewing.
Never worked. Waste of money.
"I bought this because I don't like my old big heavy machine that was always getting tangled and all I really do is mending and hems, etc. I LOVE IT! My only complaint is that I wanted to get one for my daughter and my 80 year old mother as gifts, but the price jumped nearly $10 within a couple weeks for the machine only (not the combo)!  But if you are looking for compact, lightweight, reliable basic machine - you will not be disappointed.  By the way, if you have trouble with threading your needles, get the dritz needle threader, after only a couple of try's I was able to master it, and it is a godsend!"
Wife love this for projects
"waste for money, time, energy."
First time turning on the machine and didn't even get to use it yet I started to smell something burning looked down at it and saw smoke.
Awesome little machine!  Perfect for first time sewers!
"I bought this as a first sewing machine for my 8 year old daughter.  She learned to use it quickly. It is easy for her to use. This is a great machine for her to learn on. I am very happy with it. It has 8 thread settings, small storage drawer, working light, thread cutting area, and foot pedal. This is a nice compact machine for beginners and for those who need a portable machine."
"works well, It sews great for a small machine"
"The sewing machine was/is quite satisfactory for my 9 year old granddaughter. She has used it safely  & without problems in the unit, thus far. Being larger in size than other models that I had previewed, before purchasing the Michley, my granddaughter feels like she is truly sewing, not just tinkering on a toy sewing machine."
"not quite as simple as I hoped for, but it will work out in the long run."
This item should not be sold especially for kids...it is poor quality and feed does not work well. No a fun experience for a child to learn how to sew and cannot be returned.
work great and very easy to work with. buy it.
"bobbin doesn't work this broke the first time we tried to use it

don't buy"
Excellent faster than I expected
I'm by no means an expert in sewing but this little baby does the job for small projects and stitching.  Small enough that it can be stored away.
"I only bought this because I was tired of throwing away clothes that had rips or tears and figured it was time I started to try and repair some things

Having never used a sewing machine in my life, I was a bit hesitant about using this for the first time.

However after watching the video (link is on their website), and using the thread that was already loaded (like I said, never used one of these things before) I was able to mend a pair of short with a rip in them large enough for me to be self conscious about wearing them :)  For me that was amazing and very re-assuring that I purchased something I could actually use.

This machine so far surpasses my expectations and for the price is a great deal.

I highly recommend this for other beginner sewers as well since it was so easy to get started

Next thing to tackle is using thread that wasn't preloaded LOL"
great
"Michley is another word for headache. I got it to make a tiny quilt, and I sewed one row of squares. Then it would not sew anything after that. I followed all the instructions for trouble shooting, but the bobbin thread insists on jamming, and there's nothing I can do. I'm actually going to keep using my old sewing machine instead even though I'll have to wind the bobbins by hand."
Already came threaded. great product so far...
"great little machine for starting out. I don't have much to compare it to being this is my very first sewing machine, but so far I am liking it."
"waste of money. Cheapy made, tried to sew linen, thats too thick for a machine this size. Not even good enough for daily sewing, clicked out of gear after a week of use, watched the bobbin video, that helped with putting the bobbin holder back into place but something snapped out of gear & now it won't even sew. I want a refund."
"This is a decent little machine.  No, it's nowhere near top of the line or heavy duty, but it gets the job done.  I've read a lot of the negative reviews on it and am wondering if we bought the same machine.  I just finished up a slip cover for a Swedish-made slip covered sofa, and the machine did just fine.  Granted, it took me longer than a full-size, heavy duty machine would have, but it did the job with no complaints.
Take the time to learn how it operates and don't have expectations of your Brother, Bernina, Singer, blah blah blah.  I had no problems with slipped stiches, tension, etc.
Here's a pic of the slip cover, which is made with a 9 oz cotton canvas drop cloth (yes, drop cloth)."
too much stopping and threading with tension breaks  I bought this for my 10 year old grand daughter and even she has tired of all the breaks and needle threading. wouldn't recommend it not even for smaller children
"Lasted one week then overheated. Can barely get through slightly tougher materials. Not easy to use, too small even for a 9yo girl. If you insist on purchasing buy the warranty plan. Glad I did."
Verry nice
"so bummed I had ordered this for a b day gift, and now finally when they open it the bobbin does not want to latch onto the thread. I like the weight of it and the size but the function of it is not as easy. I rather pay a little more and get a name brand with a warranty to fall back on."
"I would have returned but the box was thrown away at Christmas.  This has the appearance of a decent machine, and would appear it should work.  We never got it adjusted so that it sewed correctly.  Very difficult for even adult to thread.  The thread arm kept sticking inside machine and would have to be pryed out.  Our little user became very frustrated and disallusioned with always having to ask for help.  Would not recommend."
My daughterbloves it!
This is a great little sewing machine for someone who wants to learn to sew.  My granddaughter was afraid of the big one I have but she did great with this and she is 7.  We liked that there is a foot pedal as well as a switch to run it.
"My 10 year old purchased this with her allowance and has been thrilled. She read the instructions on her own to learn to operate it. I asked her, ""how did it go?"" and she showed me her first effort and said, ""This was easy"". That says it all."
My 7 & 9 yr old love it. It is small enough for them to manage and not hurt themselves. Plus BONUS: it's are real sewing machine. Will it mend your jeans? No. But that's not what it's for. It's a child's beginning sewing machine. Purchase accordingly and for an appropriate purpose. Totally worth the money.
Very cheap and that's what I got.  Bobbin broke almost immediately
Bought this as a starter sewing machine for cub scout patches and works like a dream!
"I ordered my Lil' sew machine about 1 month ago that was actually a gift for my 8 years old daughter. We absolutely loved it. We got it a week after, the size is just perfect it seems like a toy machine but is not. We have been making pillows, clothes for her Barbie dolls y it works beautiful. Great choice for few dollars. I loveeeeed it!"
My daughter loves this little machine. She is not intimidated by it and is happily sewing stuff all the time. She made a cover for my blue tooth speaker and has fixed several garments. High quality but the foot pedal will not fit your adult foot.
"I bought this as a beginner sewing machine, it is not! The instructions are unclear, and it is so hard to thread! Maybe I don't know my sewing machines very well, but as a beginner this is not the right one for you."
"too light, didn't fit"
Work good
she enjoyed the gift lite weight she carries it everywhere even to her sewing class and to my house for long weekends. only drawback is in about 3years she'll need a bigger one but right now she is happy
I bought this machine for my 9 year old and it sewed well for one day then kept pulling the fabric into the machine and jamming the bobbin.  After several attempts it just kept repeating this so I had to return it.
Bobbin broke and machine started to smoke during first use.
"Bought this for my 13 year old to teach herself how to sew.  Without any instruction from me, she figured out how to make a stuffed toy and a pillow within the hour (and she's not typically a kid who can figure things out on her own).  Very basic machine that isn't a toy, but a real machine.  Perfect for beginners or for someone who just wants to mend clothing, make easy to intermediate level items and doesn't take up a lot of space.  Recommended!"
Great little machine. It sews very nicely. My 8 year old found it easy to use with my help.
This little machine is great. I got it for my 10 year old granddaughter and we made a quilt over the weekend. She loves it and has a blast sewing!
Purchased for my 12 year old. Not what we expected
"I gave this sewing machine to my daughter in law for christmas, she used it for about an hour and started pulling the material into the machine and the thread started building up underneath around the bobbin, I took a look at it and for some reason it won't sew correctly."
"I bought this a starter machine for my 9 year old. It worked long enough for her to make a little square rice bag and then the bobbin thread wouldn't pull up. After hours of troubleshooting, nothing fixed the issue. Tried calling the manufacturer but after 20 minutes it said no one was available and I was disconnected. Thankfully I purchased the Canopy protection from Amazon for a few dollars and called them. With 10 minutes they filed my complaint and issued me a reimbursement check. I declined a replacement machine and purchased a used machine locally instead."
Good product for the price.
"THis is just perfect! I needed something to sew up seams, fix small tears, etc, and this is the best fit. It's price amazing for the product.  This is a small machine that does BIG jobs!"
"I absolutely love this machine. It is a small machine, but works just as great as a regular sized one. My machine came already set and ready to go, it's easy to change the bobbin and sews wonderfully. I have never been more happy with a purchase. I have made pajamas, curtains,scarves, and even stuffed toys. Like I said I love love love this machine."
"Nice sew machine  does small jobs like hemming doesnt have a button hole maker.  That kind of sucks but all in all its good for the price.
Oh one thing do not try to sew thick material with this machine.  It will break the needle, I broke both needles in two days. Just don't do it!!"
This overheated and filled the room with the smell of burning plastic the FIRST time we used it. It is a cheap piece of junk and you'd be much better off spending a little more money to get something sturdier. What a disappointing Christmas present for my granddaughter.
This machine came and I was so excited and every was fine for like 10 min then it stopped sewing because the bobbin wasn't in correctly when I got it so I looked on how to put it in better and it still didn't go in. This machine is a waste of time so I sent it back
I love it
"Pros: Sews a decent straight stitch and a zig zag stitch.  Lightweight.  Easy to move around. Sews through lightweight fabric.

Cons:  Thread breaks easily (even when using a high quality thread), the thread kit that it came with is pretty useless (most of the threads are stuck and you can't get them to even start unspooling), easily frustrates my beginner sewer.  (Was purchased as a Christmas Gift.)"
"I was skeptical--I mean, who wouldn't be? But this is actually a working sewing machine. It's a lot less substantial than a regular machine, but really nice for smaller hands. It's a light duty device and must be used as one. We checked all the stitches and it works well. It's surprisingly capable for the price."
"I have never used a sewing machine a day in my life. My son got me this one for Christmas (2014) and at first I had trouble(operator), but now I'm learning and starting to like it. One thing I did not like was that the thread spools had to be the half size ones and I was going through them like crazy, but I have come up with a way to refill the small ones from the full size ones using the machine's bobbin winder.

REFILLING SMALL THREAD SPOOLS TIP:

Using a hot glue gun place a couple of small dots of glue on the empty spools to attach an empty bobbin. Wind or tied thread on empty spool from larger spool to get started. Next place bobbin/spool on bobbin winder and push over to the right. Place large spool of thread on a pencil or anything that will allow you to hold the spool but still allow it to unwind. Turn the machine on low just as you would if filling a bobbin. When finished just pop the spool and bobbin apart and peal off glue. Took a little practice, but I was able to fill 5 spools in about 10 minutes. Good luck."
"I found this machine to be a great beginner machine for a DIY type person.  I bought it on a whim to patch my ""outside work jeans"" with.  I had no previous experience with sewing machines.  Over the past month or so I've learned a lot about sewing and sewing machines.  I made a stuffed Mario Bros Star with it for my son, patched my jeans, and also made repairs to an inflatable Christmas decoration.

If you can get it for 39.99 or less, I think it's a great bargain and a good way to try out sewing.  I got it as a Lightning Deal for 35.29.  At 50$ or higher, I would spend a tad more and look at something like the Brother XL2600I instead.

Overall I've had no issues with the machine... a few jams here and there, but most have been my fault.  I've sewn denim patches on (but did not sew through the multiple layered seams).  I've also sewn 3 layers of felt together without issue.  I've used all the features, bobbin winding, forward / reverse, etc without any issues either.

Pros:
Good price
Enough features to get your feet wet / decide if you like sewing
Reasonably solid machine (as long as your expectations are in line with the 35$ price tag).

Cons:
User manual is adequate, albeit barely.  Someone who is new to sewing and not technically inclined may struggle a bit.  I found the replacement needle sizes in another Amazon review (Size: 90/14).  I learned the basics of sewing on YouTube.  The manual isn't horrible... but it wouldn't have taken much more effort to make a much more helpful manual for beginners.  I removed one star due to the manual."
Thought this would be a great starter for learning.  I liked that it had the foot pedal or the hand switch.  HATE that it keeps jamming.  We get about 2inches of sewing before it jams.
"Good 1st sewing machine, used by a 12 year old."
"Love it! Got it in two days. Used it immediately! It's nice and compact, with great features and easy to use."
"flimsy, I got this for my 9 year old thinking it was something she con continue to learn in but no just get the real thing parents if this is for your kids. it's flimsy I would not buy again"
"I have used sewing machines many times before, and this one failed straight out of the gates. Besides the incomprehensible pictorial instructions, which I never truly needed until I ran into problems, the thread bobber does not work as intended. Instead of wrapping around the bottom thread and pulling it back through the material as it should, it just wrapped itself around the bottom until it finally snagged. It only successfully threaded 2-3 times before jamming. Lackluster on all levels. Will never purchase this brand again."
Cutest lil machine..works really good..I set the stitch and away we went..teaching my grand daughter how to sew..she is 10 years old..the right age to learn..
I love it
i bought one and returned it. it stopped working after 15 min.  I gave a second one a try. The same thing happened.  It is garbage !
"After using this only 1 day with my daughter, it broke.  Very disappointed, especially for the cost.  You are better off buying an adult sewing machine, better quality!"
"I'm still not very good at sewing, but this little guy makes it as easy as possible. It doesn't have any bells and whistles. .. which i appreciate. Easy to thread,  great for a beginner like me. Goes though jeans easily. Great simple little machine."
she loves it
"Technically i liked the machine, i am giving it 3 stars because i returned it, i was debating 4 stars but didn't want to give it too high of a rating. it worked well on lighter fabrics, but i am working with knits to make doll clothes, and the feed dogs are just not powerful enough to move the fabric and the machine kept eating my fabric, even with a needle change it did not help. The machine is slow, which is perfect for doll clothes, if you are working with lighter fabric. I decided to return the machine due to it eating my fabric over and over. This may be a good machine to have in case of emergency and power outages, but not good enough to sew a lot on. I found the bobbin case to be very low quality plastic and felt like the metal bobbin was too much for this little machine.  I will miss the portability of this machine as it ran on batteries beautifully.  I also had issues at first with the light flickering on and off even when the light button was off but that seemed to do that less as i used it, not sure if there's a short in the lighting wire or if it wasn't connected well."
Cheap !
It was cheap and that was the only reason i bought it. it was okay for some basic sewing initially but later it started acting weird. the thread kept jamming inside the bobbin all the time making sewing very difficult. the tension was off at times. sometimes i felt like throwing it out!! later it ended up in the storage catching dust. i bought a lil higher end model of 'brother' sewing machine which was a bit costlier than this one but i got it on sale.
Never worked. Returned.
amazing!!!! great  for  beginner's in sewing. I would recommend this to anyone.
"This is a great little sewing machine!  Easy to use, instructions that it came with were AWFUL and explained nothing but youtube came to the rescue!,  good variety of stitch settings, not hard to thread, comes with a foot pedal and AC plug in, I'm using it to alter my scrub tops and it works like a charm!"
I love this product!
Omg I know how to use a sewing machine . For the life of me I can't see why a brand new sewing machine constantly jams has anyone else experienced this? I went to the support site and found the hints not helpful everything I tried and tried out on my own didn't solve jam issues. Going to have to go slow with the foot petal
"This little machine sews great..but its pretty hard for the little one(shes7)to thread and the bobbin is kind of hard to rewind so far im guessing its ok they live about 3hrs a way so don't get too monitor there sewing, much but when they were down here it seemed ok the needle broke right away..but things like that happen when your first starting too get too know your first sewing machine..i was going too get them the brother that's on sale but decited too wait and see if they stay interested in sewing enough..LOL will see ..hopefully!"
Great for a 10 yr old just learning to sew!! Easy to use!
I bought  this for my nine year old  daughter  for Christmas.  She loves it! It is a little  small  but she is nine and it's  her first  one. Other  then that it's  easy to use and works great!
Excellent little sewing machine for mundane sewing tasks.  Probably not for serious tailoring.
I bought this for my 7 year old granddaughter for Christmas. She caught on quickly and enjoys this little gem. Works great for her or if you just want a sewing machine that is small and available for a quick sewing job.
Great starter machine for anyone but great for a kid cause it's cheap enough that if it does get broke your not out hundreds.
Grandddaughter loved it.
Good
"Purchased this for my 8-year-old granddaughter as a Christmas gift.  She wanted one so badly and was just thrilled when she opened it.  Unfortunately, when she tried to use it there were problems with the power cord as well as the foot pedal.  We are returning the machine."
it was worth the money very handy machine thanks
Machine works really good....
"Bought it for my Granddaughter, she loves it and has already made several items."
Received a demand in excellent condition
excellent price and arrived on time and if used to sew up mahones
Bought for my 11 year old for Xmas. It's an ok starter but you get what you pay for.
"Purchased this for my 10 yr. old Grandaughter. Worked nicely at first but with a little use, the bobbin didn't sit right. I'm assuming this is quite common because they directed me to a video to fix.  Still didn't work right and refused to stitch.  Very disappointed.  Have to say, Amazon was great about returning it!  (Manufacturer, not).  I then ordered a Brother sewing machine for her from AMAZON, which didn't cost that much more!  I've sewn for 45 yrs. and have to say, this Sew n Sew just didn't hold up."
Not bad for a started machine but would buy a Brother next time. Came in on time as promised.
Great little sewing machine! Perfect weight for people who have limitations on how much they can lift.
They were great.  The little grandaughters will in heaven when they got them.  They have been learning to sew.
Very happy with this little machine. I bought it for my 6 1/2 year old granddaughter. She will continue to need assistance in using it but she understands how to operate it. She designed and helped create an out fit for her doll. If I ever need to replace my 40 year old singer I may get one for my self.
It broke same day
This machine was wholly non-operative. The bobbin thread would not draw. Had to return for refund
"perfect for my daughter who does hobbies,,, she loves the size and weight of it  and it works great..."
Gave this as a gift for a little girl who wants to learn how to sew
Nice little machine for a beginner who wants to learn to sew.
I bought this for my granddaughter and we love it.  It is simple to use. I am enjoying giving her sewing lessons with it.
"I purchased this for my 6 year old grand daughter who wants to learn to sew! This machine is excellent for a beginner and she is thrilled with her ""real"" sewing machine! Very pleased with this purchase!"
"I chose this machine above others because it has the option of plugging it in, although it can also run on batteries. Other machines were battery-operated only. It was a good choice, because the batteries don't last long. I'm really happy with it. The threading is easy for a child to do, and my 11-year old granddaughter has chugged along happily for hours with few problems. It is a real machine, not just a toy. It has straight and several zig-zag stitches, forward & reverse, high & low speeds. It has an optional foot-pedal, or an on/off button for continuous operation. It's light weight enough that she can carry it from our house to her home. My one criticism is that the thread holder will only hold tiny spoons of thread, which are hard to find."
Poor. Did not work. Returned
"I got this for $35 on lightening deal as a Christmas present for my 5 year old.  I thought we could certainly gamble that much, and I am so so pleasantly delighted with this product.  It is small and plastic, but heavy and well built.  It came threaded from the top and the bobbin.  There was a test swatch with all the stitches under the foot so it looked like someone had taken the time to do that to show all the stitches and to make sure that it worked.  The speed of the motor is steady and slow so it is actually perfect for my daughter.

She had gotten some quilt squares for Christmas and we sewed up some to make a ""blanket"" for the new puppy.  My 14 y.o. son came over and sewed a couple of squares together too.  Ha, he got a kick out of it.  It is easy to use.

I would definitely recommend reading through the instructions - although they are sparse, and watching the videos about this machine.  I found learning how to set up a sewing machine a little difficult from looking at pictures and reading the words.  The videos are definitely helpful.  Once it is set up, it has been very nice to use.  Good luck!"
"Got this for my 12 year old daughter, she likes it. Seams to be a good first sewing machine."
"A nice machine, but the instructions are terrible. The way the instructions are written it assumes that you know how to use a sewing machine."
"This is a great starter machine.  It's clunky and a little loud, but it does work well enough for someone who needs a super portable machine.  I can see this working for paper crafters or people who want to just do small-scale projects.  It would also be nice to have for an afterschool program where you want to do some quick straight stitches on simple projects like making a totes out of a t-shirt and hemming the bottom rather than tying it for a stronger base.  However, it doesn't take a regular-sized spool of thread.  My daughters want to eventually grow out of making small pillows and totes, so we thought it best to just buy another pair of  machines that they won't grow out of for maybe $15-$25 more.  I'd rather pay extra to save the hassle of hunting down small spools of thread."
"Thought this was a great set. Loved that it came with thread, bobbins, etc. I also loved that it was smaller sized for my 8 year old daughter. She really wants to learn to sew and I fear letting her use my big machine. I thought this would be perfect for her and got it just in time for Christmas. My husband (the sewer) set the machine up, showed her how to use it and let her go. She used it for about 20 minutes just practicing and was doing great. Didn't even want to stop to go to her martial arts class. Next day she starts using it... the bottom needle ""isn't sewing"". My husband did all he could and couldn't get the needle to work. Sadly, we are returning this. I had high hopes, but was disappointed. She's sad that we have to return her Christmas gift."
"This one must have fallen off Santa's sleigh. The foot pedal did not work out of the box. I unscrewed it and reassembled it, and it seemed to work at that point. Then, after one sewing lesson, the bobbin stopped turning and our sewing instructor recommended we return the machine because it was clearly defective. My girls were pretty disappointed as they planned to spend some of winter break on sewing projects. Will be replacing this machine, but NOT with the same product. Not impressed."
Bought this as a Christmas gift for my 9 year old daughter. She had been asking for one for over a year but I was worried about how difficult it would be for her to learn to use. This sewing machine is super easy! Its small and not heavy which is perfect for her size. And for a new sewer it is great that she can push a button to turn it on and not have to use the foot pedal.
"Works well enough, I suppose, the tension isn't the greatest and thanks to the presses foot styles makes it a little harder for our daughter to guide her fabric straight. Wish we'd spent the extra money and bought a ""real"" sewing machine."
Best sewing machine I have purchased for my granddaughter. Works very well for her. Easy to use.
"You get what you pay for.  Very poor quality.  Literally got half an hour of sewing with it.  I wish I'd tested it out within the time limit of returning because they would get this back in a heartbeat!!  Now, I'll either trash it or donate it to a thrift store so they can get a dollar out of it.  So very disappointed, and am going to buy my granddaughter a REAL sewing machine now that she's proven herself on mine."
Really nice for my 10 yr old she loves it  I would buy again
"I bought this for my 7 year old for Christmas.  I am so glad we picked this little machine and not something that was more of a toy.  She is thrilled that this is a REAL sewing machine!  We already made a pillow to learn some of the sewing concepts.  Heck, I think I'm gonna borrow it to make some new curtains.  It's a great little machine and something that she can use into her teenage years."
"My son loves this machine. It's easy to use, my son is 4 years old and he uses it with ease! You have the option of the pedal or automatic sewing. It has the same functions as a regular full-sized adult sewing machine. Easy to thread and easy drop in bobbin system and comes with a nice sewing kit with tons of pre-spun bobbins and spools of thread!"
"Base plate out of alignment, snapped the needle off. Adjusted plate but the new needle kept catching on something. Took it apart, the plastic throat where the bobbin sits is unaligned and cant be adjusted manually so the needle continuously stabs into the plastic and rubs. Plus the tension dial? What a joke, it doesn't stay on one setting.
I am returning mine and getting a trusted brand, like brother or singer."
Terrible. Kept jamming. Returning it. :(
Works fine for an eight year old
great for small repairs
"Bought this sewing machine for my daughter as a Christmas present.  It did not work properly.  The bottom bobbin would not work.  It said to use a metal bobbin, it wouldn't even turn to catch the thread.  I am returning it for a refund.  We will just buy a standard size Brother."
My granddaughter was so excited about this Christmas present.  She is already making plans for everything she can make.  Fast Shipping
"5year old loves it, but requires adult supervision. Threading machine is challenging. The threading I loop needs an opening, but does not have one. This is difficult even for an adult. Sewing is smooth and good. A child's machine might have been a better choice for my grand daughter."
Small and compact. Great for 1st timers learning to sew
"I bought this sewing machine about a month ago. Initially the machine did not work. When working the machine, the needle thread would get caught in the bobbin holder and would not make a stitch at all, it was very frustrating.

Later this month I decided to take the bobbin unit apart to fix it. It did work after I fixed it, and my daughter is using it to sew some pillows for her school project, which is why we purchased it to begin with.

Here is how I fixed it :

1. open the lid and take the bobbin out of the holder, set the lid and bobbin to the side
2. Unscrew the screws and lift the panel off of the sewing machine.
3. take a look at the bobbin unit. You will notice the thing that holds the bobbin and the thing that cradles the thing that holds the bobbin -- I will call it the bobbin spool holder and the holder cradle respectively.

 The bobbin spool holder is probably not sitting in the holder cradle the the correct position.  ( that is where I discovered the problem -- the bobbin spool holder flips out of the cradle while you are sewing and the thread gets stuck in there. Very frustrating :-(

4. I smeared a pinch of olive oil on the bottom of the bobbin spool holder and put it back in it's cradle. I made sure that the spool holder was resting in the correct position in its cradle. ( the reason I oiled it a little was because the bobbin unit sounded loud and creaky while sewing )

5. I placed the panel back on the sewing machine but did not screw it in again. I knew that I would probably have to readjust the bobbin unit if the thread got stuck again.
6. I placed the bobbin back into the spool holder and  threaded it ; then I replaced the bobbin lid

7. I ensured the tension was at a good setting -- 6 tension for cottons seemed to work well  for  setting 8 ( longer straight stitch )

It worked well thereafter. I feel relieved to know how to fix it if it becomes jammed. I hope this review was helpful."
"As a previous semi-professional seamstress, I am actually stunned at the quality of this product. I sewed years ago before moving overseas and selling my expensive machine. After that, I bought a temporary machine for about $75. It was cheap and horrible. The presser feet were made of flimsy plastic and all of the workings inside of the machine were plastic, so you could hear the plastic gears screeching and whining. It was so loud. I sold it because I hated it and did without a machine for a long time, just sewing by hand.

Lately, I've needed a machine again. I asked for this one as a gift thinking that I would only need to do some hems and maybe a slipcover for my couch. I just needed something that would sew a straight line. I ended up receiving it as a Christmas gift.

When I first saw the box, my heart sank. It has flowers and butterflies all over it and in large letters says ""you can create your own fashions!"" Oh, great. I accidentally asked for a machine designed for preteens. I was immediately disappointed.

When, I opened the box later, however, I was pleasantly surprised! The machine is *tiny* which was a bit shocking, but as I pulled it out, I noticed it has quite a lot of heft and weight for such a tiny little thing. It has a wide, heavy base and is very stable. The inner workings are metal, not plastic, and the presser foot is metal as well.

Sure, this isn't a big, expensive machine with any options whatsoever, but if you just want something that sews in a straight line, this little machine is tops! The stitch it makes is beautiful and the tension on the presser foot is perfect. It sews very smoothly with no shaking at all and it is whisper quiet. There is a switch on the side that you can use to turn it on fast or slow or you have the option of using the included foot pedal. The foot pedal only has one speed. While some may complain about that, I actually really love this feature. It prevents you from accidentally going too fast and messing up your stitching. It's a steady, medium-speed that I find perfect. Not too slow or too fast.

The instruction manual has only three pages and is a very quick and easy read which is great for beginners who may feel intimidated by big machines with their equally sizable manuals. The Lil' Sew & Sew is easy to use and easy to understand and it's hard to get it wrong.

There is no case, but the box that the machine comes in has a plastic handle on top which makes it easy to transport. The size makes it easy to store and it doesn't take up much room. The machine itself weighs probably five or six pounds. It comes with two spools of white thread, one spool of black thread, two bobbins threaded with white thread and one bobbin threaded with black. There is a bobbin winder on the back of the machine. It also comes with an extra needle and a threader. There is a tiny little drawer on the side of the machine which all of this fits into with no room to spare. The machine comes with a plug adaptor and a foot pedal but you can also run the machine on 4 AA batteries which I have not tried. There is a small LED light with a switch just above the needle. The machine is made of thick, durable plastic and has a sturdy but small handle on top.

Each machine comes pre-tested as you will notice when you open it. It comes already threaded with thread and a bobbin set up and ready to sew and there is a test piece of fabric in the presser foot (as in the photo) which has all of the stitches tested right on it so that you can see it was tested for use before going into the box.

All in all, I'm very happy with this machine. It's a fantastic little thing for a beginner or someone who just wants to do some light sewing now and then. I sewed up a tiered skirt with it last night and will be doing a slipcover for my couch next."
Bought for my 10 year old granddaughters and when we plugged it in smoke came out the top and you could smell plastic getting hot. Don't waste your money on this product.
"It's ok but you spend half the time trying to thread the damn thing, it is a great product for beginners, but if you don't have a lot of time don't buy this machine"
"Nope, going back!  Ordered this for my 8 y/o daughter for Christmas after she was sorely disappointed by the little Singer chain stitch machine.  Right out of the box this does not work right.  The bottom thread comes out tangled and knotted.  No improvements made by rethreading whole machine multiple times, changing tension, or using different fabrics.  Another huge disappointment.  Going back and I'm just going to bite the bullet and get her a basic Brother machine like mine."
Love it!
great gift
"I was amazed at how well the sewing machine worked my granddaughter is going to love it
I bought here some material so she can start with patterns in book"
Poor quality
Just what the santa in me ordered for granddaughter...
1
hard for a young girl to use
Great for young girls learning to sew. and it kid safe
this machine is very economical n works great.like it alot. its good for basic use it has 8 different stitches n big brand product of this kind are expensive than this. its very handy and lightweighted n easy to manage
Never worked
Excelente
"I got this as a great little beginner machine. I had no plans of making anything elaborate or complex. I've sewing exactly 2 seems on a square pillow, using basic cotton fabric, and have already broken 3 needles. I didn't expect a whole lot from this machine, but I did expect it to be able to sew without immediately breaking. Even for a cheap machine, it's not worth the money."
love it
"Just buy a real machine. This thing is awful. And if the kid wants to pursue it, they'll need a better machine eventually anyway."
"does the job, probably won't stitch thick layers of clothing (jeans), although I have not tried yet myself. very easy to use, even for someone who never tried before."
This is so small. The picture on the internet is deceiving.
Works very well for being so tiny. Has difficultly with stretch fabrics and thicker fabrics. Great for making simple things
"Let me start by saying, don't purchase an inexpensive machine if you have never used a sewing machine. After 20 years of faithful service, my Janome finally decided it wouldn't stitch another stitch untill it was serviced. I can't afford the $200.00 to have it worked on, so I purchased this one to complete my projects.
After opening it and taking it for a test run, it was skipping stitches like crazy. I found a video on YouTube about troubleshooting this machine. I took it apart, as instructed, and fixed the boobin feed. After that, the tension was awful, so I adjusted the top thread tension. It sews nicely now without a single skipped stitch.
Please, please do NOT purchase this machine if you are just starting out, as a beginning sewist it will frustrate you. But if you are familiar with sewing machines, this is a great backup machine. I would recommend this machine to friends, as long as they could sew or had me nearby."
You get what you pay for. The stitch doesn't stay consistent. Ok for quick repairs. Not for big projects.
I bought this for my 27 year old daughter Who lives in a studio apartment. Perfect size though I wish it came with a case.
"Bought this for my little cousin as her first sewing machine, was on sale at a good price. Easy to learn to use and maintain, with a bunch of of stitch variety! She loved it, better to get a ""real"" cheaper sewing machine than a toy one for young ones."
I just received this sewing machine today and both of the needles it came with were bent and I could not use them.. Very disappointed
Never used  a machine before but found it works well for even me.  I just fix torn stuff and adapt my shorts to my peg leg.
"Perfect for my 8 yr old daughter.  She was able to use it on your own to create small craft projects and, with the help of grandma, was even able to create a wearable dress from a simple pattern.  I've even used it to hem a few pants and sew on the kids' AWANA badges.  However, after about 8 months of light use, the power adapter broke (which was easy to replace from Radio Shack) and then 2 months after that, the thread kept on tangling-up in the bobbin chamber under the needle.  After taking it apart, it appears the plastic bobbin holder wobbles around in the chamber and is deformable.  The holder appears to perform a very complex function in stitching the top and bottom thread together and needs to be precisely positioned with tight tolerances.  The cheap plastic holder probably got more and more warped and less dependable after each de-tangling (i.e. pulling until the thread ball comes out).  Probably would be a good little machine for a little girl starting out in sewing if that little plastic bobbin holder was made of metal or at least thicker/harder plastic.  If I get around to it, I may take it to Joann Fabrics to see if it's a standard size/shape, replaceable part."
First day it worked great. Second day the tension broke and there is no way to fix it on a cheap plastic machine like this. Returning.
"I have had the opportunity to use this machine a couple of times. Works well on lightweight fabric but I would not try it on bulky or demin like fabrics. It was not made for this purpose. There is a problem with the reverse stitch but that's a small thing. All in all, a good product for the price."
Wish I could give it ZERO stars. Santa brought this for my daughter last Christmas. Stopped working IMMEDIATELY. I think it only worked for one day. The power course is the problem. No juice running through it at all. Even brought it to our local sewing repair shop....nothing they can do. Trying to find a way to exchange it for another (maybe we got a lemon?) but can't find any instruction on Amazon. :-(
Didnt work returned
"I purchased this sewing machine for my 12yr old granddaughter based on the reviews.  Unfortunately, I live in Tennessee and she lives in Oregon so I was unable to examine/try/troubleshoot the machine for 10 months.  My daughter told me from the outset,  the bottom thread was binding and they were unable to use it.  I told her it was most likely a tension adjustment and that I would look at it when I came to visit.  Well here I am.  The bobbin race is what binds and locks.  Take the plate off and it works smoothly.  As soon as the plate is replaced, it does not work, at all!  Well, obviously,  I am beyond the return/replace time frame.  Buyer beware! Don't buy this unless you will be vailable to try it out!!

Posted my review earlier today,  now I have read so many reviews very similar to my own. Overall review reflects an almost 50% single star rating.  Amazon, I urge you to disallow this poorly made/represented/warranteed product from your site."
Absolutely awful machine. Continually comes unthreaded.
Ok for starters
Granddaughter loves it.
"I am a 40 year old man that has never used a sewing machine in my life.

So far out of the box and was using it in less then 10 minutes. The user guide was of no help to me but thinks to youtube I was able to work this machine easy. Threading it was easy maybe cause I have used lots of film projectors in the pass. I had to thread it since the bobbing came out in shipping. Bobbing part was the odd part for me since no video or photos told me witch way it should roll off the spool.

I found t=it should roll off from top right to left just watching the machine work with no thread. I hope that is right but must be no hang ups and seams are nice and even. I found also the foot peddle runs the machine in low speed only. But for me that is fine since I am new to this.

led light is bright but could be just a little brighter for me. I got this since when I need pants they never have the length in my size most of the time sold out. So now I can buy long jeans and make them fit. Also can save some money on clearance items.  Wmart had mens jeans in my wast size and to long for only 6 bucks a pair. Before I vut and fix them I need to get use of making a straight line and such but for the first time to use this machine I am doing good.

I so far have fixed a loop in a dish towel. Also used it to fix my bed sheets that had a tear in the bottom sheet. Using this is also can I say fun time flys by setting there and watching it sew.

My being new to this I find it a good unit. Now do I see any downsides to this at all yes a few.

Wish it was  variable speed better users guide. A little weight to the foot peddle I find it moves if you bump it. Also more then 1 spear needle would be nice going have to read about how to buy them and get some more.

I got the combo kit and the other items are ok. Wish the kit had more needles and some pins. Other wise it works also could be in a cheap case but it is not. I have not gave the electric scissors a try since I own another brand of them."
very easy to use.  Thank you!
"Broke twice. First time, turned it on it made a noise then all we smelt was burnt motor. Order a second one worked for a about an hr then broke. Don't waste your money and spend your time apologizing to your crying child. We spent $40 more and bought a better machine."
Most of the setting don't work on my machine and it is an over all weak sewing machine. It's unable to sew through more than 2 layers of thin fabric. Not impressed at all
"Awful..I wish the manufacturer would refund my money back.  I bought it for my daughter for christmas...didn't even last two days,"
Very good
hard to find thread small enough to replace all used up thread
"It was cheap so I shouldn't have been surprised, but less then a year into owning this and using it perhaps 4 times, I plugged it in to do a small hem and upon plugging the power source into the wall it apparently took on a life of it's own. I couldn't for the life of me get the needle to stop going full throttle up and down. The pedal wasn't working at all either. I finally called it quits, unplugged it and dumped it for a more expensive machine. Maybe I got a lemon. :("
This is deffinately for a young child learning to sew.
Perfect
"I bought this great little sewing machine because my daughter had one and I watched her sew away with it while I was visiting her from out of town.  It's very lightweight but has good power and the handle on top is very handy.  I had used a large heavy old Kenmore for many years and this one is perfect for my small sewing projects.  It has 7 built in stiches which should take care of most sewing needs.  It is small and cute and a great starter machine or perfect for anyone on a budget.  Great value for this sewing machine.  You will not be disappointed in it.  Fast ship, perfect condition."
Gave this machine to my granddaughter for Christmas.  She loved it and spent the day sewing away.  I like it is electric and not battery driven.  I was only $25 so it sews pretty well and does the job for the price.
Too lightweight for ordinary sewing.  Bound up during first project.  Could not take it apart to untangle whatever was wrong.
i bought this for my 8 year old granddaughter who was learning to sew by hand. Her mom says she loves it.
Great little machine for beginners. The low and high  switch is a little scary for beginners..
"I purchased this Lil sew and sew in August 2014. Its very lightweight around 5 pounds or so has a carrying handle on top. It uses metal bobbins and tiny  thread that you have to get from Michely/Tivak. They include a couple of bobbins an extra needle and black and white thread spools. It can run on either electric or 4 AA batteries
When I took it out of the box I tried a couple stitches -zigzags and it sewed them so it seemed okay for a lightweight craft sewing machine. The only thing I didn't like was it runs automatically at a high or low speed when you turn it on unless you control it by plugging in the teeny pedal.
I didn't actually try using it for almost 3 weeks and there's only a 30 day return on Amazon. So its my fault for not being diligent about the dates. When I sat down to actually work on a project involving some sewing the machine refused to sew the zigzag stitches. It would make the zigzag holes but the thread would stay in a straight line. The metal shaft the needle assembly is on was really loose and wobbly. Plus the bobbin case is all plastic with a round magnet in the bottom and the bobbin case can come out of its space and not be aligned. I watched all the videos at the companies website, rethreaded the machine, tried adjusting the thread tension, took the bobbin case apart a couple times to realign it per the video. Nothing.......no freaking zigzag stitches just holes. I should have contacted Amazon as soon as I saw it wasn't sewing the stitches. I missed my 30 day window by 1 day so I couldn't get my money back. Rats.
Dealing with the michely/tivak company is no fun. They answer the phone and prefer you email using the case number they provide but to send it back means you have to email back and forth multiple times answering the same redundant questions over and over. I finally got mad and said in my email that it appeared they were trying to avoid honoring the warranty (one year) then they said I could return it to them for service using the case number as the RMA. I have to pay to ship it to them in California. And if they decide the problem was one I could have fixed they will charge a 25.00 service charge.
So....BUYER BEWARE!!!!!!!!!!
This machine is a piece of junk!!!!!!!
I'm buying a Singer Tradition 2277 online through Joanne's Fabrics for $99.00. And Free Shipping! Its only 13.6 pounds so not real heavy and has a carrying handle and has an all metal machine core so it can handle multiple layers and quilting.
Bottom line if you are looking for an entry level lightweight inexpensive machine don't waste your money or time on the Lil Sew and Sew LLS-505. Its JUNK."
"Perfect for my 7 year old daughter who is just getting an early experience with sewing.  She is able to turn it on and do practice stitches by herself, and has enjoyed small projects with some help.  This machine would be perfect for anyone doing the small crafty style projects or mending.  The stitching holds well and there is enough variety of stitch styles to add some style to the projects.  (I would not recommend depending on the thread kit that is offered as it is very weak and tangles/frays easily - better to create your own thread kit from sales at the fabric store.)"
"The bobbin gets tangled. I hate this machine. I know hate is a strong word.....but I hate it. I spent 4 hours trying to sew one curtain panel. I finally said to hell with it, went to Wal-mart and bought me a brother sewing machine for $20 more. It took me 30 min to sew four curtain panels with my new brother's machine.... DO NOT BUY this machine. it is junk.

I do not like to write reviews but i do read them. All the negative reviews are correct...."
"This is a handy little sewing machine. I have never really done any sewing in my life, but I have a closet full of clothes that need mending or simple alterations (hemming, etc) and after I made it through my learning curve it was a dream. The thing makes me a bit nervous with thicker materials, but so far it's plugged right along without getting jammed up when I've hemmed jeans etc. It was quite a bit smaller than I had expected, but I guess that turns out to be a benefit because I probably won't use one that is heavy when I lug it out of the closet. It is capable of completing all the indicated stitches, I've noticed other machines with reviews that the machines don't even do all the stitches shown on the front, but this one does and that is nice. The instructions are awful. You have to play around and learn by doing more that using the instructions. It's clear they were written in another language and sent through a computerized translator. I don't care what dialect of English you speak, it ain't like that!! But if you use some critical thought processes you can get the gist of what the instructions are trying to say."
Not fancy but cheap and does what I need it to do.
7 year old granddaughter made a dress using this machine.
My 12 year old loves this item... she made me a pillow with in 10 mins of opening and acquainting herself with the machine!!! Great product
messed up on my first try
my granddaughter loved this little sewing machine
"It took a little patience to get it working.  Initially, the thread was breaking constantly and the needle was damaging the thread in the bobbin.  The prefilled bobbins had loosely filled thread.  Once I had changed the bobbin, the problem went away.  I am now using it regularly."
"My daughter was so excited to receive this for Christmas. It worked great for four months and she sewed some cute bags and pillows etc with it. Then it started making a horrific screeching sound that got louder as you continued. Being a sewer myself I looked at it, but it seems it is one of the plastic moving parts so I called the company to see what we could do. The warranty is a year. This is where the one star comes in, Since it was a gift we can't get it serviced under the warranty. So not only did it stop working after 4 months but they don't honor the warranty if it was a gift. So instead I can mail it myself to Califormia and then pay to fix it. It would cost more than the original machine so needless to say this is going in the trash and I have one very upset daughter. DO NOT BUY THIS AS A GIFT!"
"stopped working after couple month, even i barely use it."
"The machine has never worked properly.  The bobbin jams, the threading mechanism is awful.  It is purely a TOY do not purchase for a youngster wanting to learn to sew.  Invest in a good machine."
These are junk. My wife bought two and neither lasted longer than 3 weeks.
This item is terrible the bobbing keeps jumping and I can't sew Nothing with this machine
Bought for my 8 yr old granddaughter for Christmas. She loves it.
Easy to use.
I love this little thing! Perfect for a beginner!
It worked one time and never again
"This machine does not worked, it is faulty, and jam. I think they are selling all the bad product. It says quality inspected, but not"
"did not order, so I returned item"
"A good starter machine for my 9-year-old.  She loves it, although some things are hard for her, like threading it and keeping it threaded when she starts sewing."
Perfect
I love that it came pre-threaded and was tested prior to shipping (the fabric with stitches was on the machine when it arrived).  This one has a light on it that many of the other mini machines don't have.  Very portable and works well.
"I decided to teach my grand daughter to sew this year.  I also thought it would be better for her to have her own sewing machine instead of using mine.  I looked and looked for one which was not too expensive, but had all the features I thought would be good for a first time user and a child.  This machine looked just right when I read about it online so I ordered it.  It came in very quickly and when I got it all set up...it was just PERFECT for her.  I love that it is light so she can carry it around, runs on batteries and is small so she can sit at the same table and we can both sew together.  I would HIGHLY recommend this machine for a beginner, or someone who doesn't have a lot of room to sew.  Oh, and it has a number of different kinds of stitches too.  GREAT LITTLE MACHINE!!!"
"Just needed a small machine for quick jobs, and this does the job fine. Occasionally the threads slip/tangle, but just take it slow and it works well for me."
"So disappointed. Purchased this as a learning sewing machine for my 12-yr old daughter for her birthday. She was never able to actually use it, as the bobbin wouldn't catch the thread on the bottom. Even worse, the needle wouldn't go all the way down through because the metal plate obstructed the motion. Turning it on would automatically cause the needle to start going even when the peddle wasn't depressed. The instructions provided were not very helpful for a first-timer.

We took the machine to Jo-Ann and Hancock Fabrics and they agreed that the machine had fundamental issues that would prevent it from ever working. At this price, it's not worth repairing. To top it off, my daughter's birthday was past the 30-day return period, so we're stuck with it. Purchased a Brother and had much better luck. I'll stick with a better known brand next time."
Great little sewing machine. Have hemmed several shorts and made pillows.
"I bought this machine for my eight year old granddaughter after returning a ""childs"" machine that I purchased for her birthday. It was very easy for her to learn to operate and change thread, etc.  It works very well on all types of materials that we have tried so far.  I even used it myself to make a repair, rather than go up to my sewing room to use my own machine.  I am so pleased with the quality of this little machine, that I am now ordering another one for my ten year old granddaughter.  We already gave her a lesson on this one and she loved it.

My only suggestion to the manufacturer would be to make a sturdier foot petal."
Good machine
"Alot louder than I thought it was going to be.  I would be willing to pay more for a quieter machine but for the size and weight this little machine works very well.  Used it several times already.  Only problem I have had was, a bag in the box that contained a small nut.  I figured out quickly that this was the nut to hold the foot pedal connector to the side of the machine.  I could not plug in the pedal until this nut was on. Easy to put on.  Just as easy to use.  Thanks."
broke too easy. but great for teaching me how to sew! easy to use
looks like and sews like a toy sewing machine. Not worth it
"Good product, can sew small stuff without a problem, but a bit hard to sew jeans or any stronger material."
Great price and product
Zigzag stitches stopped working a month after I bought it.
Great for lite work glad I got it i am single
I gave item as a gift but it did not work right.....could not return on time...
"Very disappointed in this product,also what it cost me to ship it back was close to $5.00 more,and then I find the refund I asked for was a credited to my account.  I am not made of money, and I waned  this amount taken off my Chase credit card.  As it stands now I will owe this amount on my card and a credit on my account I may not use for some time! Could you at least fix this?
  mariomk4575@yahoo.com"
Bought this in Feb and made my first quilt. I hemmed napkins and sewed a doll pillow. It keeps jamming now. I have followed online tutorials to trouble shoot the problem to no avail. Opening up the bobbin casing reveals truly cheap plastic components. Not made to last. A repair would cost as much as the machine! What a rip off!
"I know it's really hard to believe, but this is the best sewing machine I've ever had. I got it as an interim machine until I could save up enough money to replace the Singer Curvy lemon I got before. I've sewn more clothing and completed more projects with this machine than my Brother or my Singer (before they broke). It has not broken at all. The only problem is that they don't give you instructions for oiling it. I just kind of winged it. I had wondered if the reason for that is that the manufacturer didn't expect it to be used the way that I've used it, thinking that a person who purchases this machine isn't going to making so much with it? I don't know. It's a great, simple machine that's held up longer than any other I've had without need of repairs. It doesn't have as many stitching options, but I think that may be what makes it so durable."
Liked it it works fine
This thing crapped out on me way too fast. I don't suggest getting it.
"Not working as described after using for 5 minutes...thread got stuck under bobbin, after fixing bobbin as per YouTube instructions... It stopped sewing completely"
Granddaughter loves it.  Thinks she's big stuff now.  Seems to be working just fine so far.
Very disappointed with this product. You get what you pay for I suppose. This product is cheap plastic. The face plate has no measurement guide so you don't know if you're sewing at 5/8 or 1/2 inch. The spools of thread are even cheaper. The first spool of thread was unusable as the end was underneath all the thread and could not be used. I bought this as a gift for my niece because it looked like such a great value however looks are deceiving.
Great for kids. My 9 year old granddaughter loves it!
Best thing I have ever bought I still use it almost everyday couldn't be more happier with it so get it you too will love it.
"Small machine, small price, not all that practical but has its use..."
Got it too repair some ripped clothing. Works fine. Sometime it jams but I find it too be a good beginners sewing machine.
MY GRANDDAUGHTER LOVES THIS LITTLE SEWING MACHINE.
"The machine i bought was sent back 2X, go figure, my new one still has a short in the unit, and if u do manage to have one that works, please string the needle from the back to avoid a broken thread when turned on, and make sure you follow the instruction booklet which comes with the unit and watch the associated vids on the Michley Tivax website for insight. Happy sewing Ladies!"
works great. I didn't need anything heavy duty and this works perfect for me
Got it for my wife. She was happy at first now she want to upgrade to better quality because string keeps disconnecting and machine is basically too weak . But nice little toy for thin fabric n t shirts etc...
it stoped working the 1st time useing it and best yet thers no reterning or replasing it thanks never ever buy this
"Daughter got this from Santa last year. Great little sewing machine. She took to it right away and has made pillows, flags, and even a skirt for her bunny rabbit. It's so easy to use that I gave my sister my huge, clunky Singer and I use this too when I need to sew up a seam or hem."
I bought this machine in March 2013. It has been a great starter machine for me. I have made several tote bags and a few purses with it. My most recent project was a small quilt. It has been great for all my projects. I've had a little trouble with the bobbin if it has to much thread on it but overall it's great. It's a great starter machine for anyone wanting to learn how to sew but doesn't want to invest to much money into a machine.
very nice
"Today is July 19, 2014...this little unit is still stitching, hemming, and holding together my little projects."
It works great! It is missing the clear cover for the bobbin
"Horrible product!! I bought this item as used but ""like brand new"" but when it arrived it was dirty and missing some of the pieces. On top of that the machine doesn't work, the thread gets all tangled up, so I took it apart to find that it was broken inside! I am very dissapointed!"
"broke after not that much use, would be great for very simple tasks only"
"This is my first sewing machine. If you are looking for a sewing machine that is easy to use, I definitely recommend this one for you. This sewing machine is easy to use. It also has multiple settings, for you to explore. I also like how it comes with electrical scissors, and a thread set. This is a great buy for the price. Most comparable sewing machines are a lot more expensive."
"This is not my first (or second) sewing machine...but so far us my favorite. I have a 3 year old who wants me to sew her costumes and there are lots of torn dresses to fix.

I didn't need to read the instructions or watch a video...it went like a dream.
I unplug the foot pedal and my kid thinks she is sewing while I use the power slide."
Good value!
"I like to make costumes and this little guy works great.  I'm not doing anything fancy, just sewing edges basically.  Used it to sew two pieces of faux fur together...wasn't easy but it worked.  Think it will do fine for most of my other less challenging needs."
"Bobbin does not work. I even purchased separate bobbin winder.  And still after a few stiches, it stalls out.  Terrible waste ot time and money. Return time is less than one month, which I only found out after trying to use a couple of weeks after purchasing, then getting the bobbin rewinder, and then trying to return."
Great little machine fast shipping and works perfectly. A great little machine for the price.
good A+
Very nice product.
It broke fairly easily. My daughter only got to use it twice.
just what I want !!
"This sewing machine is clunky and loud. The thread is of poor quality and the bobbin bounces around to the point where the thread becomes dangled in the machine. If you are shopping for a mini machine, I prefer the Janome. It is of much better quality. This brand is ok for my 9 year old. I purchased it because of the dual voltage otherwise I would have been very happy with the Janome."
"I love it. Ever since i bought this item, I'm always sewing something. I enjoy this item vety much and i am looking forward to ordering more items soon. Thanks very much.."
"I purchased this machine for my Granddaughter to use for her 4H project.  I am very disappointed in it.  I find it hard to sew with it, especially when you use the backstitch to lock your stitches in place.  The machine quits working.  I would not recommend this sewing machine.  We may end up returning it."
"RECENTLY GETTING HOOKED ON ""DIY"" I THOUGHT I'LD GIVE THS MACHINE  A SHOT AND  BEING A FIRST TIMER THIS LITTLE MACHINE IMPRESSED ME, IT IS SO SIMPLE DIRECT AND TO THE POINT. ITS GREAT FOR LIGHT DUTIES AROUND THE HOUSE, AWESOME FOR THOSE ""DIY'  CRAFTS AND, PERFECT  FOR US SEWING NOVIST. WITH SIMPLE INSTRUCTIONS AND SET UP I WAS OFF AND CRAFTING IN NO TIME FLAT. I RECOMEND THIS LIL GUY"
"Mini sewing machines are notorious for being pieces of junk. But this one has worked well for the short time I've had it. This little thing really should be getting better reviews. Sure, it's not very high tech and is pathetic compared to a mighty computerized professional machine, but it is very nice for a mini.

Lots of people complained that it was hard to set up, but I didn't find it to be, and I'm only a sophomore! It is a little loud but isn't near as loud as our last machine, so I don't mind. It's also very small and portable, which is fantastic if your a newbie to sewing or don't have the space for a full size sewing machine. Now, be careful how hard you are on this mini. I initially bought this little cutie to sew plushies (stuffed animals) and so far it works fine on two thick layers of stretchy fleece. I think three layers would be pushing it. So just don't expect to be able to make a thousand pairs of jeans with it, you'll wear it out.

It's not heavy duty but works excellent for me! I got a used one from Amazon and it looks and works like new. Shipping was fast and the package arrived in good condition. If you are a beginner or just need to do some simple repairs, this will probably be a good machine for you!"
"My 7 year old daughter got this for Christmas and it was quickly her most favorite present yet.  She used it quite often.  She was able to thread it herself and create all sorts of cute crafts, mostly little pillows out of felt.  It is a super easy machine for even little kids to understand how to thread and use.  The bobbin is very easy to thread.  I loved how lightweight and portable it was.  At one time we did try to sew 2 layers of fabric (i forget what type it was) and the machine couldn't handle it.  I didn't think much of it though as it is a small machine and probably not meant for that type of fabric.

After a a couple of months and a few more sewing projects, the bobbin wouldn't thread anymore.  It took me forever to even find the legitimate website for this company.  When I finally did, it was quite useless.  There were 2 videos about problems with the bobbin which weren't too helpful.  After looking at it for quite awhile, I figured out that the timing of the needing going around wasn't synched correctly to when the bobbin case would go and grab the thread from the needle, rendering the whole thing useless.  I took it apart to try and fix it, but it to no avail.  :-(  I am not sure how this happened as my daughter was very careful with it and always kept it in the original box and always put it away when she was done.  It's great and perfect for kids to learn to use, but I wish it would work for at least a yearthat shouldn't be asking to much I don't think."
"I pulled this machine out of the box eager to try it before my trip I was planning on taking it on. The idea was to have a machine to use while I was on work trips and I would still have my full sized machines for when I was at home. I plugged it in the day I received it and as soon as I hit the petal the light started to flicker, needle did not move, crackled for a moment then smoke came up. I am epically disappointed.  All I wanted was a machine with 2 threads, a forward and back stitch and light enough to pack."
"It takes getting use to, but this little sewing machine is pretty handy. At first i had a lot of trouble with the bobbin, breaking thread and jamming the machine, so watch how you thread the bobbin cause it can make all the difference in the world.
Support is very helpful and will take it back if it doesn't meet expectations or work. The bobbin on some of these machines is the problem, so watch your dials."
"I bought this when I first started sewing 3 years ago. It didn't last but a couple months, and at that point, I figured it was not even worth it. I now have a Brother and a much better quality machine, and it works beautifully and consistently."
"I purchased this for my 7-yr old grand-daughter, who had an interest in sewing.  She had a cheap little sewing machine, the one without a bobbin and just one spool of thread and battery operated.  We couldn't get it to work right or even thread it, and she was frustrated with trying to use it.  That one went to the thrift store and I bought her the Michley LSS-505.  What a difference.  This sewing machine is terrific, works very well & she loves it.  Very easy to use, it is a miniature of a regular size sewing machine.  You won't be disappointed with this machine."
"I ordered this to be my first sewing machine, and I absolutely love it. I would just suggest that if you have never threaded a bobbin into a machine that you watch some videos, as the directions aren't very clear."
"the ridiculous prices tailors are charging to hem pants.  I still can't get the machine to do any of the fancy stitches it says it can do.
Only the usual straight stitch works.  Since that is all I need it for, I kept it, and didn't return the unit which I would have done if I needed any of these advanced stitches.  I'd avoid this machine, if I was shopping again and try something else."
"Wanted a small easy-to-use sewing machine mostly for hemming pants. On first attempt I realized that the timing was off so the needle couldn't pick up bobbin thread. Returned immediately. Will go for Singer instead.
On the plus side it does come with nice accessories (all colors of thread on small spools and bobbins, scissors, needles, measuring tape etc)."
This product did not meet my expectations simply because it does not work.  There is no way to adjust the bobbin which leads to the needle thread being consistently caught on the bobbin case.  It will only stitch once or twice before it catches and the thread must be cut or it breaks.  I would not recommend this product to anyone unless the manufacturer finds a way to alleviate this issue.
"First I should mention that I have been sewing for over 30 years. I am adept at making anything that pops into my head and I have a wild imagination.  My old sewing machine is in my California storage.  I'm now in Texas.  I needed something for quick repairs. I'm not intending go crazy with random creative projects like I have done in the past. I am endeavoring to keep things simple.

So about the Lil' Sew & Sew...  The only pro is the machine is small and cute.

As far as the cons go, well the list is long ....  So I will only mention the basics.

1. The machine makes loud clanging noise like a jackhammer.  I think mine was defective.
2. It constantly snaps the thread and needs re-threading every few stitches.
3. The tension doesn't adjust properly and the stitches often come out crappy, especially on the underside of fabric.
3. The tension doesn't release when the presser foot is raised, which is part of the reason the thread breaks.
4. The foot petal is light weight and cheesy.  It actually got trapped in the fabric that I was sewing and it took me several minutes to find it-- in my lap!  It is so light that I didn't even feel it.  At the time I was sewing ultralight nylon fabric.
5. the sewing kit that comes with it is even worse than the machine.  The thread is cheap crap.  I've never realized such a low level of quality even existed and I am the queen of buying discounted clearance items. The kit's scissors can't even cut thread, let alone fabric. The the seam ripper is duller than a badly abuse butter knife.  There is NOTHING in that kit that is useful.

I could go on and on, but you get the picture.  I had the machine for a few days, gave it the old college try, and then returned the horrible thing to Amazon.

I just ordered a new sewing machine from a different manufacture.  I'm not big repeating mistakes."
"The quality is poor, and it barely works.  I would spend some extra money toward a higher quality Singer or Brother model."
"We were very excited about the first sewing machine for our 9 year old.  Unfortunately, this machine worked for half a day and then just stopped working.  We thought power cord may be damaged so we installed batteries and it still would not work. We had a sad 9 year old who wanted to finish making Barbie clothes but this machine could not finish the job."
This was a gift for a child under 10 and she uses it quite often.  It is durable and has held up since purchasing it.
"Anytime we tried using the sewing machine, the needle broke.  We bought a replacement needle and it also broke.  We ended up giving up on it."
"This would be good for a small child that momma or daddy are teaching to sew, and if they are present at all times.  For an older child it is too flimsy.  Does not sew that well.  However for the price it is okay."
"If you're looking for a little sewing machine that doesn't take up a lot of space which you only need for minor patches, this little sewing machine is for you.  This would also be a good machine for someone who's not used to sewing and is looking to start out in the art but doesn't want to spend a lot of money.  It's pretty easy to set up and break down, and it stores nicely.

That said, this machine has it's fair share of issues.  It does not do a very good job with thick fabric at all, it tends to jam a lot if you're not paying attention, and because of it's small size it's hard to sew up anything large.  Further, there's really only one speed, so get used to sewing quickly.  If you're looking for a really good machine, you're going to want to look somewhere else.

Pros:

Small, easy to store
Easy to set up
Good for quick small mending jobs or a beginner
Does have a lot of hemming choices

Cons:

The needles that come with it are crap and easily break
Does not handle thick sewing at all
Jams easily
Only has one speed setting"
it was broken wen i got it that is why i gave it one star so ya i am so mad
"This machine comes with instructions meant for 2 other machines. They are similar to the LSS505 modle but there is a difference in the machine design.  The video instructions tell you to put the upper thread in a place that is not on this model, I improvised to get the machine threaded adequately."
"This is a nice little sewing machine!  Gave this as a birthday gift for my niece. I have not used it yet so I can't comment on its sewing capabilities.  I can tell you that it has more heft to it than what you may think for this price. There are more sewing stitches on this machine than what I have on my ""grown up"" machine and the bobbin winder is much more simple to operate...Hmmmm, maybe I should get one for my simple sewing jobs!  Probably good for light weight fabrics - I don't think it would stand up to sewing a heavier denim or heavy weight material.  Just my thoughts!"
"This thing is such a piece of garbage.  Used it a couple of times to hem jeans.  Got the job, although it took forever because the machine kept jamming and messing up the stitch.  Tried to use it again recently (probably only the third time I used it) and the junk bobbin holder wouldn't allow the bobbin to catch.  Took it apart and saw that the plastic bobbin holder was catching on the cover, so it won't allow it to spin.  Put it all back together as instructed on a couple of youtube vids, and it still didn't work.  I think the plastic holder or a spring or something went bad.  No replacement parts available and the machine is just to worthless to try to repair.  Complete waste of $50.  So annoyed."
I got this for my daughter as a Christmas present. I actually tried it out when I was helping my daughter make a hat for a party.  I was very impressed on how well it sowed. The material was a bit thick but it did a good job on it.
"The thought of making a sewing machine for little girls is great, but I believe that they only need a scaled down version of a regular household sewing machine.  Make it pretty with the nice colours but make it just the same as a household one."
I am not a sewer and don't know how to use a machine got this for my daughter and it was set up and ready to go.  Simple but lots of nice features.
"I used it once, it was great! Used it the second time, the case you put the bobber in ""floats"" according to a ""troubleshooting"" insert put in the manual and you have to unscrew, take apart to put back in place. First of all, my finger was sliced by the tip of a broken needle that was hiding...since I have never broke a needle on this, I guess a returned item. Second, after an hour, I am unable to get this to stay in place so I can continue to sew. Of course, missed the window to return. Do not waste your money"
I purchased this for a friend as a birthday gift. She loved it! Very fast delivery. Will purchase again in the future. Thank you!
"it's great if you know how to sew! its not easy to control unless you are used with it, because the you can't manage the speed."
"I just purchased the machine and am totally unhappy. For the first-timer, it is very difficult to use. I can't even find the right thread spools at a major fabric store. Something happened to my sewing machine and now that needle is slightly bent and something also happened inside where the bobbin is placed and the needle does not go in anymore.

Furthermore, images in the instruction manual are poor. The best is the video on the company web site. I am trying to return the sewing machine and I am hoping that I can get the refund.

I definitely will purchase a simple standard sewing machine next time."
"My mom used it to fix the seams of a jersey skirt and a cotton shirt - the machine broke before she had finished. It's a very cheap machine, but it would have been sufficient for our needs if it didn't break. So, going back."
The damn machine keeps clogging and has problems catching the bobbin. I was able to sew one line and since then the machine has give me nothing but problems. Do not buy this one!!
"I live in a very small apartment and do some crafting and sewing for fun, so this works perfectly. Be warned, though, you cannot use this with denim or thick fabrics or large pieces. Small projects and thin fabrics only."
The machine is very nice and compact. The only thing I do not like about it is that the bobbin casing does not stay put in the reservoir. It is also not easy to get the plate off to get to the bobbin casing. There are also no seam guides. It would work very well for most sewing crafts. Love the fact that it is also battery operated. Very easy to use.
This is a solid little machine.  It is definitely worth the price if you are interested in teaching a younger girl to sew.
I was so excited when I received this product. That is until I tried to use it and realized the bottom sewing part was not functional so the machine wouldn't sew. It seemed more flimsy and fragile than I expected too. Returned it and got my money back.
"I have a responsible 7 year old and she is good at crafty things already but she was able to get it out of the box - plug it in and with little help from me on figuring out how to lift and lower the foot - took off with it and made a pillow.  It was already threaded so you can see how it all works....only had it out one day and already pleased with it.  For a cheap small sewing machine it works great!
Unfortunately, after a few times using it - it bent enough that the needle hit the foot when trying to sew and is not not able to work.....she is devastated.  I hope the seller will exchange it or  give the money back."
"It was everything the reviews said about it. Very handy, easy to use and can be put in a small space for storage. Have not had a problem with it."
It started off great.. Then after 5 minutes the bobbin jammed. Had a hard time trying to get the bobbin back in. After I finally got it back in it would jam again.
"This is really good product.
Thank you."
Great service. Fast delivery..the sewing machine works great. Great machine for beginners....will recommed...instructions a little complicated...google helps..:)..great for small projects
"I do costume design and needed a small, easily-portable sewing machine for a jacket I was sewing, bought this one and am very happy with it! I used it to sew a womens' suit jacket out of heavy cotton twill fabric, which is a thicker fabric than I would recommend using with this machine (see cons below), but it worked well and I will be using it for future projects soon!

Cons: The thread came out of the needle a lot. I would be sewing a line, stop, and try to start again on another stitch and then bam! No stitches. It was frustrating but not a big deal. Rethread, and you're on your way. I also broke two needles on the jacket I was sewing, but honestly given the thickness of the fabric I wouldn't complain about that. I would recommend not trying to sew thick upholstery fabric with this machine though, unless you want to replace your needles often. Also if you are planning to rethread the bobbin I recommend using your finger to keep the thread taut instead of the little thing on the machine. My bobbins all came out fine once I figured this out; just hold the thread with your finger to keep it taut, click the bobbin into place, and go.

Pros: For one, I didn't have to play ""find the thread"" for an hour when the needle lost the bobbin thread. It's pretty simple to get the thread back if you lose it, just crank the needle down and make sure you hold onto the top thread. Also liked that the foot pedal was small enough for me to actually control the speed! I am petite so larger foot pedals require more footwork for me. Stitches all looked good and have held up well. Well worth the price especially if you are a beginner or at a lower skill level and don't need a huge machine with a bunch of fancy stitches and settings. I like simple machines, and this was simple for me."
Small and convenient but not enough power for heavier materials -- like denim.  Quite noisy for being so small.  Great for mending jobs.  Use it in the RV as it is very compact to stow away.  Love the name!
I had to actually open up the product to fix it when the description said out was ready to use works great. It wasn't working at all. I fixed it and now it works beautifully
"Haven't actually used it yet, but checked it out when it arrived. I think I'm really going to like it! It appears to be made well and easy to use. I'll post an update later if it doesn't meet my expectations."
"We just bought this sewing machine for my daughter's 5th birthday.  When I took this little beauty out of the box I was very impressed!  It's lightweight and easy enough for her to move around with one hand, but not flimsy.  My daughter took off sewing with this machine right away; it was easy enough for her to figure out all by herself (she has been watching me sew on my machine for years and this machine is simply a scaled down, simplified version of mine).  Within a day she had figured out how to thread it by herself!  A word of warning, this machine does not go slow!  It surprised both of us the first time we turned it on!
The only tricky part is getting the bobbin in, in the correct direction.  There are no markings on the machine and the directions do not specify.  However, with some trial and error I figured it out and marked it on the machine myself.  Placed in the wrong way, the bottom thread jams and the bobbin gets all tangled.  The directions also specifically say to use metal bobbins, since they activate a magnet within the machine to allow it to run.
We have been very happy and incredibly successful with the Lil' Sew & Sew machine and I would DEFINITELY recommend it for any child that is itching to learn how to sew!  I would NOT, however, recommend it for adults looking for a sewing machine for themselves.
My daughter and I have been sewing together for a week now.  She is ecstatic to have her own sewing machine.  It works beautifully, with little to no intervention from me.  And I am happy to have a sewing partner in crime!  I will post updates, if it decides to disappoint us in the future.  :)"
"I love the machine small enough for me to lift if taking on a trip or something
glad ipurchased the item"
Great kid's learning machine.  Wish it really had an off button that wouldn't let it start up with the foot pedal plugged in though.
I haven't received it yet and im a bit unhappy. I just noticed that there were two options. one with threads and one without. I have no Idea which one I purchased. I believe it was the one without the extra threads which is fine but I think the options should be bigger or in another location on the page. The price is great. hopefully it works for what I need it to. I didn't see the point In paying $150 for a machine I won't really use often. im only making one dress.
"I had never really used a sewing machine before I purchased this one. This machine is so simple to use and the instruction booklet that came with it really helped me get going. The very first time I tried using it I kept having problems and when I finally started sewing the machine did nothing and the light dimmed. I finally figured out it was because the lower thread was jammed. The thread that comes with it isn't the best but if you aren't in a hurry then it doesn't break much. I am so glad I bought this machine to learn on instead of one of the more expensive ones. I feel like this will meet all my small project needs and its compact size makes it super easy to store in a closet when I don't need it.
The electric shears are pretty neat. I tested them out on a piece of fleece and they worked great but I haven't tried them again.
The kit that comes with it has lots of great colors and metal bobbins so once I use the thread on the bobbins I can start reusing them without having to go purchase new ones."
Arrived on time and product matched the description. It is a really cute device and does the job effectively. I have not used it thoroughly yet but it looks promising.
"I have a full sized sewing machine, and it works brilliantly, however, it weighs about 15 pounds and when I get it out to use it, I have to clear off the table and it's a whole big production.  The only sewing I do is making things for my dog and some arts and crafts.  I bought this little machine because it was inexpensive and weighs about half what my other machine does.  I tested it today to see what it could do and I made four fleece dog booties with it.  So it sewed through two layers of thick fleece material, as well as through velcro straps and some vinyl that I used to reinforce the bottoms of the feet.

And guess what! It passed with flying colors.  I'm not sure I will ever use my other machine again. I might take it to my sister's house and leave it there for her to use.  I would definitely recommend this machine to experienced sewers who need a light duty alternative to a heavy full sized machine. And I love the built in handle.  I'm happy with this purchase.

After reading some of the other reviews, I have modified my recommendation.  It seems that the less experienced people have the most problems (and some of those problems they would also have using a full sized machine)."
"Terrible quality. Bought one for my daughter, had to return it as it didn't cone with the foot pedal. The second one broke after two projects, the bobbin case came out of the cheap plastic chamber and wouldn't stay centered afterward."
"I am a beginner with sewing and I have found that this has been so much fun to learn on.  I have successfully mended my husband's work pants,  a sweatshirt pocket and many other things.  The price was great because on the tivax website they are selling this same model for 89.99. There are videos online to familiarize yourself with the operation and threading of this machine.  I am very happy with my purchase."
"I gave it a three because I think it would have worked well for small projects and I got it because I am a new sewer, however my eyes were bigger than my machine and it broke in 2 days =( However, they took it back and game me a full refund."
I got this to make my BJD clothes and it's perfect for a beginner which is me...and just what I needed.
I took a chance on this product and basically you get what you pay for.  The product is very light and cheap this is not for an adult who would like to learn how to sew.  Maybe a child because it seems more like a toy. Sorry!
"I bought this machine when it was on sale for what I believe is a very reasonable price. This unit is so cool for little projects. It is a compact size, and weighs next to nothing. It only has two speed settings, and the foot peddle is not a variable speed control. The machine is so energy efficient you can actually run it off of AA batteries; do your sewing while camping! I would not recommend for heavy duty projects, or very large projects."
"My granddaughter loves it when I sew, so I wanted to get her a inexpensive little machine that really works. This was so perfect for that. I taught her how to use it and it works like a real machine. I was pleasantly surprised."
"it is so easy to use-you won't need instructions, but it does come with them. i bought the one with sewing kit which is amazing-there are so many threads and bobbins in it! the electric scissors work perfectly. the machine can sew through many layers."
"It is really hard to tell whether or not this would be a good little sewing machine because the place for the adapter is so loose that any little movement makes it ""disconnect"" and power off. I understand it can run on batteries but overall that isn't a great way to get projects done."
"Recently purchased this little jewel and it is very good .
I can carry it from room to room where I need to....I can
have a good stitch and there is an adequate amount of room under the
material feed for heavier garments.  I use it as a repair maching and also
for hemming as it has a nice looking stitch...Well worth the money I paid..."
"This thing was so hard to use, constantly got jammed. I knew what I was getting into, though. I thought I would just buy a cheap-o sewing machine for small jobs. Well, small jobs are all it can handle. Like really, really small jobs. Such as sewing a straight line. I took the machine apart to try and unjam the bobbin and it was so messed up that I could never get it back together. This thing is going to Goodwill and some other poor soul can deal with it. Don't waste your money. Buy a Brother or Singer and get the job done right."
"This machine works great. I brought it for my 10 yr old as a learning machine, and she loves it. We have made a few things together and it's very easy to use."
"We had real problems getting the bobbin set just right so it would sew properly.  Every few seconds the thread would get caught and I would have to remove the cover, bobbin and re-thread.  Finally got it right.  The machine seems durable.  I like the different stitches it has to offer.  I am teaching my grand daughter (8 years old) how to sew.  My computerized sewing machine is a little too complicated and big for her.  I wouldn't try thick fabrics but for light sewing, hemming, etc.  For a child, first time sewer or someone who space is confined this is a good choice.  I reviewed several similarly sized machines.  This seemed to be the best one to buy.  I agree in this size and price range this is your best bet.  The instruction book leaves a lot to be desired in the way of help.  I recommend going to you tube to find an instructional video.  or go here to their website to get threading help [...]

Pros:

  Eight Built-In Stitch Patterns
  Forward and Reverse Sewing
  Sleeve Sewing Ability
  Two Speed Settings
  Automatic Thread Rewind
  Optional Foot Pedal Sewing
  Long-Lasting LED Sewing Light
  Uses 4 AA batteries or a DC 6V power adapter

It comes with the following accessories:  AC adaptor, foot pedal, needle threader, one needle, two metal bobbins, and two thread spools.

Cons:  threading can be difficult"
"This is not good at all . I try to fix but can't work. If you want to buy make sure you can return get money back $54.00 look like i just throw in the trash. DON""T BUY THIS MACHINE. I suggest you guys not to buy it."
"The machine is easy enough to set up, however, I was only able to do about 3 minutes of work (a single shirt) before the Sew & Sew broke.  Obviously, I'd recommend against this machine."
"Bobbin constantly sticks and clogs, pops out of place!  Threading continued to come out of the appropriate placements.  This machine does not deserve even one star.  I purchased for my 12 year old granddaughter thinking it would be a simple first sewing machine and I would have been better to purchase just a plain needle and thread and let her do it by hand.  Totally disappointed.  I do not recommend this at all."
"I was afraid of buying this sewing maching because the brand is kind of new to me but the price was good so i did it. It arrived soon (which i thank Amazon) but the bobbin was loose and could not sew. I contacted Amazon and they exchanged it but the new replacement did not work either. There was no light and it will not sew. I think that big problem is the bobbin compartment.
I contacted Amazon again but this time i did not like how they treated me. I explained what happened to the customer representative and she told me ""it is weird to happen twice""... well, that is not an answer you expect when you are frustrated because two times it did not work! and i felt that she thought i was lying! Anyway, i recommend you invest more money and buy something better; a friend had told me that singer is a better brand."
"I bought this to sew small projects and I really love it, its so easy to control and thread, makes me want to do more with it.  The big machines can be intimidating so this machine is perfect for me.  I can make teddy bears in a snap now. It has a lot of features the big machine has and I would definitely recommend this sewing machine."
"This small crafters sewing machine works like a dream.  I wanted something small to make minor repairs, that was quick and easy to use and this machine fits the bill."
"I GOT THIS JUST FOR CHANGE THE LENGHT OF MY DRESS, EASY TO USE, RIGHT SIZE FOR USE AND STORAGE.  BUT BE CAREFUL WHEN YOU USE UP THE FISRT ROLL AND TRY TO CHANGE, THIS MACHINE GOT STUCK WHEN I TRY TO CHANGE THE COLOR ROLL, BUT I FIX IT  SOMEHOW I DONT KNOW AND IT WORKS GOOD."
"This was a Christmas present for my daughter and she couldn't be happier, it has many functions just like a big machine, but goes slow enough for kids to feel comfortable while learning to use a sewing machine. If you are looking for a good kids size machine, look no more this is the one."
"Bought it for my daughter so we can learn to sew. Ive used it for many things now, including hemming jeans with no problems. It would be nice if they sold different feet for it. I would recommend this to anyone."
"If you're looking for a sewing machine like mom's Singer, this isn't it. But it is very useful and well made. I hemmed some curtains and fixed a couple of seams with it and it works well. I live in a small apt, and this doesn't take up much space. It is also not heavy. The little handle on top is quite nice. If you only intend to do light sewing and repairs, or maybe create something for a project, this is an inexpensive way to do it. I recommend this item."
"the plus:  it seems to sew well.  but i am no expert.
however,
the item sewed without battery or use of press foot
may have been broken"
"I liked this machine for beginners. Its easy to use and very lightweight....  The manual is alittle bit complicated for me that I need to watch on youtube how to set it up.... But overall, i like to recommend this product...."
"I purchased this for light tasks such as hemming, altering and making little bags etc. this is easy to use, ready right out of the box, has instructions, extra pieces and is pre threaded... ive used several machines, and this is definity not for bigger projects like quilting, and heavy duty materials. part of the reason i chose this machine over other minis, is that this one has a handle which is really convenient."
"Thread breaks constantly. The bobbin pops out of position and gets stuck.
very fragile machine. I ended having to buy another sewing machine."
I just received my new Michley Lil' Sew & Sew LSS-505 Combo Mini Sewing Machine and I just tried it a while ago  and everything is working perfectly. For those who wants to learn how to sew and sew basic stuff...get one now!
"This is the best sewing machine ever.  Santa brought it to my 5 year old daughter, who has already used it with ease and great enjoyment (as well as adult assistance, of course) to make a small purse, headbands and several pillows.  Some great things about it include: The bobbin threading mechanism is very simple; there is a great little foot pedal that detaches via plug; a light; a needle threaded; it's so compact, yet effective and powerful; I could go on.  I definitely recommend this for beginning sewers, but am not going to lie: I prefer this over my ""grown up"" machine for most if my own projects.  The only only downside is the clattery noise that it makes, but even that is cool and grows on you as a real reminder that you are sewing with a machine."
"The only instructions that I can find were on YouTube, after doing a Google search. Another comment here may reference to the manufactures website - but I couldn't find one, that gave any instructions.

After two or three false starts, I was able to make a simple sketch (stitch five) to repair a torn scene in the pillowcase. As someone who has no prior experience, and is a senior age, I'm happy to leave this successful start.

I was alarmed, when I returned to this page in Amazon, to find the following notice posted; however some hours later has disappeared, so I don't know what that's all about.

""While this item is available from other marketplace sellers on this page, it is not currently offered by Amazon.com because customers have told us there may be something wrong with our inventory of the item, the way we are shipping it, or the way it's described here. (Thanks for the tip!)
We're working to fix the problem as quickly as possible.""

As I gain some more experience I will update this review. Item Under Review"
ORDERED FOR MY GRANDDAUGHTER AND IT ARRIVED ON TIME AND WORKS GREAT (ACCORDING TO HER).  SHE SAYS THAT IT IS A QUALITY PIECE AND EASY TO USE
"I like the size of the machine and it held up long enough to get one pillow made out of 8 and then the issues started.  The thread on the bobbin kept jamming up.  I did what the troubleshooting tip said to do but the bobbin case wouldn't turn like it was supposed to and every time I tried to pick up the bobbin thread with the needle, the thread would knot up and jam up beyond use. It worked great when I fixed my robe and sewed one pillow.  Then it went crazy.  I worked on it for 3 hours and was never able to get it back working properly.  So I returned it and got a refund and I will soon get a nicer machine that doesn't have plastic parts.  Sorry Amazon.  This is the first item I have ever had to return or complain about."
"The sewing machine is okay to a point, but the thread gets stuck constantly and knots up.  You really need to do a little, then stop, then do a little more and keep that up to avoid any real issues while to are attempting to even get half a foot of material sewn.  I would not recommend it for large jobs, or for a person that likes to speed along with their stitches.  This machine would drive you crazy.  I gifted it to a friend who didn't have any sewing machine thinking it would be pretty good, but she is a person that is heavy on the peddle and this was bugging her."
The first one I bought few weeks ago a screw and the  Take up lever  fell  off and was not usable there after so I have to buy again the same  sewing machine open it up and found out that one screw has no washer nut  when I compared to the second one hence the take up lever fell off. I improvised a plastic washer for the screw needed  to keep the take up lever in placed. Now my mom still using the first one and the second one is back in the box in-case something happens  again.
We bought this little sewing machine for my wife to teach our 10 year old granddaughter how to sew.  She has picked up on the techniques quickly and is now doing all the sewing on her own bed size quilt with Grandma's oversight!
Very useful machine- the only thing we didn't like was the manual which appeared to be written by a non-English speaking author.  Instructions were unclear.
"The thread got tangled in one use, we were unable to get it to work properly, and then the motor started to stink and we gave up on it.  It's a toy, and an expensive one.  If you want to actually sew, get a real machine."
This turned out perfect for my all my alteration needs.  I am 5 feet and find it difficult to find cloths for my body type and height.  I learned to sew many years ago and it all came back to me when setting up the machine (which is documented very well). I have altered two dresses and two pair of dress slacks.  I also shortened a pair of cotton jeans which required I take advantage of the hand wheel when approaching the heavier seams.  This ensured I did not break the needle and allowed me to pull the heavier seam through. The size is perfect for setup and easy storage.  I would never consider using it to sew a whole item of clothing but for my needs this little baby worked out just right.
I purchased this for my 12 year old daughter and it's perfect. She is just learning to sew and it is easy for her to use. She makes small things and loves it.
"This machine was a disaster !  It NEVER sewed properly!  The tension was never right. When I took it into have it looked at the lady told me these machines have a long history of problems. Also it is completely plastic, which adds to issues as well."
Didn't like how the machine only went fast or slow all by itself. Bought it for my grand daughter who is six and she was very frustrated by this feature.
This is a great machine. I was not sure when I ordered it because it said it is battery operated. It runs off battery and electricity. Great price also. Perfect for anyone not just kids.
Bought this for my daughter in law as a beginner machine. Think this machine is more for a child. Should have paid a little more for a better machine.
"I bought this for my daughter but it was so aggravating to get the bobbin to work and thread properly.  We spend more time on that than actual sewing.  I returned it and we to Walmart and bought a full size machine with more options for almost the same price. I really cant recommend this product unless they have improved/fixed this issue.  Otherwise, it would have been a great starter sewing machine for a kid."
I purchased this item as a gift for my daughter she used it twice and then it would not work.  I am stuck with this thing and it does not work.
"The bad:  User manual and guide provide poor instructions and worse pictures (the thread isn't visiable).  The foot switch is small and light weight.

The good:  It hemmed pants that were flannel lined so, they sewed through several layers (4) of material and only slow down over the side seams.  All stiches look good.  The reverse worked to lock stiches.  Not bad to thread, once you have reviewed the instructions, understand the 1,2,3,4 marks on the machine and view the UTube videos.  It is fussy about doing it right.
Threading the bobbin was hard, at first.  Instructions say: HOLD the thread (10cm !)with your left hand, when it should say:  hold gently and allow the machine to take up the thread from your fingers as you turn the wheel.  The bobbin pulls a loop and joins with the thread from the needle and pulls the bobbin thread up throught the foot.  Instructions could include an explaination of how the lock stich works.  Best to keep both threads pulled straight and neat to the rear and make a clean start.  I'm keeping mine."
I purchased this for my 5 year old granddaughter who wanted to learn to sew.  This little machine will be able to teach her the basics.
Bought this for our 8 year old daughter for Christmas. It is perfect for her as a beginning sewer. It does exactly what we need it to for our sewing experience.
This is a nice sewing machine for young sewers. My granddaughter is 8 and she loves it. It is nice.
purchased for my seven yr. old daughter. she loves it and is able to sew simple aprons and pillow cases with very little assistance. works great. just what I was looking for.
This was a gift for a friend who doesn't sew. She wanted a machine to hem cloths and sew small jobs. She loves it.
"It worked okay the first few times I used it but now it will no longer stitch.  At first it skipped a stitch here and there but now it doesn't stitch at all. Tried changing the tension, swapping the bobbin, thread, needle, different materials but just can't seem to get it to work any more. If I spin the hand wheel it will sew fine but as soon as I engage the motor it no longer stitches.  I cant find any contact information for Michley so no support or warranty available.  I guess its time to junk this one and buy something else."
"I have to say, i regret buying this very much. The threats kept on getting tangled in the machine and it would only work on thin fabrics. If you are a big sewer, i suggest you spend a little more money and get better one, because i think this is only good for little kids to play with."
"I purchased this sewing machine for my 8-year old granddaughter two years ago, and it still runs perfectly.

She's made patchwork pot holders, an apron, a skirt, a top, a dress, and a tote bag. What a great little machine! She can thread it and operate it all by herself. It's lightweight and easy to carry from her house to mine when I'm giving her another sewing lesson.

I'm so pleased at how economical this wonderful little sewing machine is! Highly recommended for using on cotton or other lightweight fabric. (Not made for heavy duty sewing such as denim and heavy wool.) Perfect for a beginner seamstress to do quick and easy projects."
"only kid sized machine out there that isn't PINK or other girl color.  My 5 yr old boy wants to make his own costumes.  It worked perfectly for his first project.  We carefully put it away and then for the second project it will not sew.  All we get is a tangled mass of thread.  I've tried so many ways to correct, rethread, new bobbin wind, tension changes.  NOTHING works.  Santa brought this.  We used in In Jan...now it's Feb 3 and our return date is pasted by 3 days.  What a piece of JUNK."
I bought this machine for my 6 year old daughter and it is perfect. Perfect machine for beginners and so easy to learn. She's already finished her first quilt. I initially got her the child machine but with all the knots you have to tie it was just too much work to be fun. This machine is FUN. I find myself passing on my Pfaff to use this one in a pinch. It's just so lightweight and works perfect. Love it.
great sewing machine i love it great for its price and has so many awsome features over all i just love it
This machine was purchased for my 9 year old grand daughter.  It is perfect for her to learn on.  The tension was a little off but once I got it adjusted it sews great for her.
The machine works very well. My granddaughter loves it and is enjoying learning to see. We can't wait to start our next project.
"I have always had a full sized sewing machine;about 2 years ago, I bought a tiny sewing machine that broke within a year; I don't sew well by hand, so I decided to replace it with another small machine; I chose the Michley LSS-505 Lil' Sew & Sew, because it most closely resembled a full sized machine. I have sewn with it twice, and after a not too good start ( the foot pedal did not work; it appears to not be getting enough power (the light dims and the machine quits) so I simply don't use it. Other than that, the machine sews just like a full sized machine. The best part is the bobbin case: there is no wire to break, it just ""blows"" the thread into position. I really like it as it is well made and affordable."
This machine is perfect for the beginner in  your family.  My daughter is 7 and wanted to learn how to sew.  This is the perfect sewing machine for it.  Its very simple to set up and works like a champ!!!
"This little machine made my 9 year old granddaughter very happy on Christmas morning. It is lightweight, compact, and easy to store. This unit is perfect for teaching the beginner."
"I bring  it like a  present to mi mother, and she is really happy with the product because is strong enought, easy to use and practice for dayly costume repairs."
"Probably okay for a younger person, but as a middle aged person, I realized that I needed a machine with an automatic threader."
Got this for my 10 year old as a Christmas gift.  She loves it!!!  It is not cheap like the competitors hot pink version.  this is a great little machine that I will not have to upgrade for years to come.  Works beautifully.
"Small, compact, and powerful enough for lite sewing duties (hemming curtains, making pillows etc.) Easy to use. No problems here!"
I bought this for my 8 1/2 year old daughter whom is just learning how to sew. It is user friendly and does a good job. Tight stitch. Good item for the money.
"This machine doesn't work properly. I bought this machine for my 11 year old daughter for Christmas. We couldn't even complete a small pillow project. I had to thread the needle several times because every time you try to sew the thread breaks. The machine also skipped stitches. I had it on the zig zag stitch and the machine sewed the straight stitch. SO NOT WORTH IT.
VERY DISAPPOINTED!!!"
"Got this for a 10 year old beginning sewer and it is perfect. As an experienced seamstress myself I did alot of research to find her a machine that was not a ""toy"" but easy to use as a child. Great choice ! Has all the necessary stitches, its lightweight, has nice rubber bottom so it does not move when sewing, takes regular machine needles, sews perfectly! Perfect machine for child OR adult ! This IS  a real machine!"
after using it for the 3e time it dosent want to work anymore . this was a waste of time and money
"I was happy how lightweight this machine was. I can easily move it to wherever I'm wanting to work.
The threading of the needle is easy. But the placing the bobbin and getting it ready to sew is difficult. You basically have to do trial and error to get it right. The instructions manual is no help and the one video you can find Online about this machine Shows you more about plugging in your machine than properly placing the bobbin.  I have yet to actually sew anything with it seeing as it took me 3 hours to figure out that my bobbin case was improperly set inside my machine.

On top of that when I first tried to remove the fabric from my machine (tthe fabric that came sewed and attached to the thread) it could not be removed. When I removed the bobbin case I then saw that whoever used the machine to sew the fabric apparently did not know how to use the machine properly because the needle thread was wadded several times around the bobbin case.

I HAVE NOW HAD THIS MACHINE FOR 4 MONTHS. I WISH I WOULD HAVE NEVER BOUGHT IT. IT ABSOLUTELY REFUSES TO SEW. IT SHREDS THE THREAD, WASTING TONS AND TONS OF THREAD. AND EVEN SHREDS THE FABRIC. THE THREAD DOESNT PULL THROUGH THE MACHINE LIKE IT SHOULD SO THE THREAD ENDS UP GETTING CAUGHT ON PEICES ON THE INSIDE OF THE MACHINE. IT GETS STUCK RANDOMLY. AT FIRST I THOUGHT FABRIC WAS TOO THICK. BUT WHEN I CHECKED THE NEEDLE HADNT EVEN WENT THROUGH THE FABRIC YET. SO GETS STUCK ON INVISIBLE OBJECTS. IVE TRIED EVERYTHING POSSIBLE TO FIX THE THREADING AND NEEDLE. BUT STILL NOTHING WORKS. DO NOT BUY THIS MACHINE AT ALL."
"Very good value for the price.  Works as advertised. Fine for normal everyday sewing. Good machine for beginners to
learn sewing."
"Wasn't even planning on getting my 12 year old daughter this gift, but it was a lightning deal, she always wants to shop, is talented mechanically and creatively, so I thought it might be a good idea.  She loves it.  She hasn't made any clothes yet, just pillows, and bags, but she really enjoys it.  It seems to be simple to use.  It even came with electronic scissors and sewing kit.  I didn't help her set it up at all, other than to thread the needle a couple times when she had trouble.  I recommend it.  I checked out the machines available at Walmart and they seem too complicated for a beginner to get going on her own."
"I bought this item for my grandaughter, as a Christmas present, and she loved it.
It's a real machine and sews perfectly well."
"Really should be called So & So since it does a so-so job.  I have been sewing for over 30 years and began when I was 9 with a small metal sewing machine rather than those plastic ""toy"" types.  After reading reviews I thought this would be perfect for my 8 yr old granddaughter's first machine.  It is simple to thread, simple to work, has enough stitching choices to give variety for a first-timer; however, the thread keeps breaking and the machine is so light it moves along the table as you sew.  I tried different threads and that helps a little but after adjusting, re-threading, moving the machine back to position, it's not really good for even quick, lightweight jobs.  I think a full-size basic machine may be a better buy since this won't even do a hem job unless it's used as a toy to pretend sew."
"This machine doesn't work at all, every time you try to sew the thread breaks,  we have tried several types of thread and no matter what we use the thread keeps breaking,  I bought this machine for my 10 year old granddaughter and she doesn't even want to learn to sew now.  I have been sewing for over 50 years and was told that this was the best starter machine for a young girl and I am real disappointed."
"This was a Christmas present from Santa for my ten-year-old daughter.  The first one had a missing foot petal jack--so the foot petal could not be connected to the machine.  Assuming this was a defective fluke, it returned it, ordering another one.  The second one made a strange noise when it operated and would not sew a straight line.  It is a cheap machine; you get what you pay for--but would be nice if it worked at least!"
"I purchased this little machine to hem some pants.  It worked perfectly. Now when I shop, I don't worry about the length. I know I will be able to hem them in no time."
Its not what I was looking for. The needle bends easily. Afraid that the needle would break when I was sewing. Looking for something heavier.
We bought this for my 10 year old daughter who is extremely gifted in all things arts and crafts. With her mothers help the sewing machine has been a blast. It is designed like a real sewing machine. Everything is in all the right places and most of all my daughter loves it.
"This is a totally wonderful machine.  I have not sewn in over 20+ years and was never any good at it. We have singer machines but I wanted something that was all mine and easy to learn.  I purchased the machine to sew heated rice bags.  It was very easy to work. I watched a 5 minute video on YouTube on threading and how it works and was off and running.  The first time I used it, it was so easy that I sewed 10 bags and it worked just fine.  I love the LED light it really helps out.  This machine is small and doesn't take up much space. I do most of my sewing at the dining room table.  The only very minor thing that really doesn't mean much at all is sometimes the foot petal gets twisted due to the adapter type cord, but it just works wonderful. I cannot say enough good things about this machine.  It stores easily back in the box and takes up very little room. It's well constructed and I would definitely recommend purchasing this machine if you want a machine so easy to work that a child could do it. It's worth every penny!"
"Got this little machine to take on the RV road with me.  Crafting is a passion and I can do a few projects while on the road.

A little hard to figure out threading but got it, so no problem.

Recommended this machine to my neighbor who only does simple sewing so I am teaching her a few techniques on it."
I read the reviews and thought it might be a great starter machine. I took it to a sewing class brand new just out of the box and I couldn't use it at all. the bobbin tray has multiple problems and the thread just incessantly bunched up as I tried to sew. The class instructor eventually had to let me borrow one of their machines so I could learn basic sewing. Do not pay for this cheap machine. You will get what you pay for.
"My 9 year old daughter asked for a sewing machine for Christmas.  Santa brought her this model.  We couldn't be happier with it.  It is good quality and easy to use.  After a few short lessons by me, my daughter was sewing all by herself.  She is so proud of herself and is anxious to try some more challenging sewing projects.  I have a larger sewing machine for myself, but find myself using this one for my simple sewing tasks rather than dragging out my big sewing machine."
"Wonderful, my daughter loves her new swing machine. She can't wait to learn how to make things with it! I'm happy!"
I was so surprised at this little machine! I hemmed through thick jeans even at the bulky hard seam it went through. I haven't sewn for a while but it all came back quick. It's slower than I'd like but works for my little project s. The bobbin winder takes a while so be patient. Light weight fits in a medium tote bag. And Fitz right in my armoire for storage. Couldn't ask for better at this price
"My granddaughter is learning to sew with her mom, I thought this would be a great gift. Her mom uses it every one and then"
I bought this for my 7 year old for Christmas. I am so impressed with how well it works. It has been perfect for her.
This little machine is much easier to use then my own sewing machine.  My daughter can handle working on this machine herself. A simple working sewing machine!  Tons of fun!
"I love this sewing machine. I have not been using it long, but I have had no problems yet. I have never sewed in my life and this machine is perfect to learn. I decided I wanted to give myself a hobby so I have started making dog collars from cotton fabric and interfacing. The machine works perfectly for my project and is easy to operate. There is a video on YouTube that shows you how to work it and is great for someone who has never used a sewing machine in their life! :) I am glad I bought this machine."
"I have altered several shirts and saved money, enough to pay for this little machine. Takes up very little space to store."
"Bought this for my 7 yr old granddaughter.  She made a scarf for her dog the first time she used it ( with my help and guidance)  Was easy for her to control - I think she will be able to make lots of things as time goes by. Of course, you have to want to listen and learn and she certainly did that!"
This did not work. I am still waiting for a return slip from the vendor as no packing info was provided in the box. This was a gift for my granddaughter and we were not impressed. Sorry to say.
Very nice sew machine just what my mother was looking for it was a Christmas gift and she love it
I got this for Christmas...I set it up and sew some test strips started sewing and it quit working. the bobbin casing is plastic and was very loose and when I tried to sew on it; the bobbin thread kept wrapping around the bobbin casing. sent back to amazon they were nice enough to send me a gift card to get a new sewing machine but bad I cant even buy one for the same price as this one because they charged me a fee because I returned it. hey wasn't my fault the thing broke. would have been different if I just returned because I didn't want or like it. I didn't even buy it. guess i'll pay more and get a better one....from a different company that won't charge you to return when it breaks.
Bought this for my 6 year old granddaughter because I wanted something her size that really sews. The little speed power switch is just right for her. We set it on the slower speed and she made a pillow all by her self!! This is so much better than the toy machines that sew poorly and disappoint little beginner sewists when their projects unravel. Love this!!
Got this machine for a nine year old for Christmas and she loves it . This is a machine that is easy to use and it is also easy to carry .
"I wanted a machine with an ""automatic"" bobbin winder.  From the ad, that's what I thought I was getting.  Not so.  Just the ordinary bobbin winder.

Other than that, it is SO CUTE!"
"I bought this as a Christmas present for my 7 year old niece. She was SO excited to get a real sewing machine. . . unfortunately, this machine doesn't sew. As soon as you attempt to make the first stitch, the thread catches somewhere underneath and creates only a big knot. There is no way to adjust thread tension, and on closer inspection, the inside appears to be made entirely out of (rough!) plastic. Both my mom and I have experience with sewing machines - we tried every way possible to figure if it was some sort of user error, but it just simply doesn't work.  My niece is so disappointed and so am I. It is going back."
The needles break easily. It's easy to set up. I've only used it a couple of times so can't say much. But it's not complicated.
My daughter is 9yrs old and learned how to handle this machine in a few hours. This is her first time ever even attempting to sew at that. Her grandmother spent a few hours to show her and she was off! It's so easy for her to use and handle. By the second day she stitched up her dad's work shirt. She loves it! I'm not sure why anyone would give this a bad review for the price and how nice it is for sewing! She loves it!
"Santa brought this machine to both my girls. So we have 2 of them!
My 8 year old had a pillow (or something like it) made within minutes of getting this cute lightweight machine out of the box. Threading the machine was so easy that it only took me showing my girls once how to thread it and they've done it by themselves ever since.

My daughters are 8 and 9 and they have had a blast with their sewing machines.

I hate that others have had a bad experience out of this machine because it has been nothing great for my two girls!"
'I bought two for my Granddaughters for Christmas.  Very disappointed when I set up the first one and it wouldn't run.  Has to be internal in the wiring.  After checking everything externally there was a burning smell coming from the machine.  2nd machine run fine and we started sewing on it.  Needle broke right away. Shank wasn't very strong and didn't keep the needle straight even when sewing on mid weight cotton.  One is going back for sure.  The 2nd one is probably going to go back too.  Looking for something better made. Good idea but company went too cheap on the materials.
"I bought this for my 9 year old granddaughter for Christmas. She has shown a real interest in sewing. I am an experienced seemstress and when I tried to show her how everything works on the machine and start a simple project I was never able to get the bobbin to work properly. I think something is wrong with the plastic housing. It is unfortunate because it looked like a good buy for the money,  suitable for a young person and the machine is so ""real"" looking. I have started the process for returning the machine and hope there is not a problem with getting a refund. I have read other reviews and the bobbin seems to be an ongoing problem with other reviewers."
"I don't usually write reviews but as the reviews helped me select this machine I've decided to contribute. For what it is, a child's sewing machine, this is a good value. It could even me used for small projects in a college dorm. The purchaser must keep in mind that the construction is not the same as a $1,000 machine nor does it run as quietly. My one complaint is the thread it came with is of very low quality and breaks easily. I have replaced it for my granddaughter with one of my threads but the spindle is not tall enough to hold an Aurifil or Gutterman spool."
Bought this for my 9 yr. old grand daughter.  I tried it and loved the ease with which you could use it.  I do not like that you must use only metal bobbins. I would buy this again.  yes grand daughter loved it and was making simple items after a day of play.
The machine is ideal for learning how to sew and is the right size for a child. The variety of stitches is nice also.
My granddaughter sewed one item and it stopped working! Very frustrating!!! Returned it. I had read the reviews before buying this for her for Christmas and trusted them. I shouldn't have!
"I bought this for my daughter last Christmas. I knew it wouldn't be great based on the reviews, but it was even worse than I thought. We've tried to get it to work for her, but it just doesn't sew well. It often breaks the thread. The needle sometimes comes out for no reason. We've only used it a few times in the past year because of how bad it is. It's really a disappointment. If you have a good sewing machine, just teach your child to use that one. There is no need to waste your money on this one."
"i bought this michley lss-505 it worked great for about 4 or 5 days then the motor blew on the machine. doing a simple sewing project. if you just want to make a couple of small bags with two pieces of fabric it would be great but not really worth the money to purchase if you want a long term sewing machine. have to use it in small spurts and let it sit for a while with no use.

so in my personal opinion it's not worth the money!"
"This is a great ""starter"" for a young lady.  My daughter quickly learned how to thread this machine and although she's not ""created"" anything yet, she's had a lot of fun just making the different stitches.  Lots to choose from."
My Daughter really liked the sewing maching but the pattern selection knob broke off the second day in to it.  She was very disappointed.  I treid to e-mail the company but haven't had any luck with getting a new knob.
"This machine is great for beginners. It's a great starter for the future sewer. It's small but it helps. I would recommend this machine to a friend, only keep in mind that eventually you will need something a little better, and bigger."
"This is not a toy sewing machine, even though it it easy to use and perfect for beginners.  It it well constructed and gives a great result on all settings."
Bought this as a christmas present for my 6 year old. It works great for my little beginner. We will have many homemade items soon.
"I bought this as a beginner sewing machine for my daughter, but every time we use it, it jams. The bobbin gets stuck constantly. It just doesn't move. I watched a YouTube video on how to remedy this problem, but it made no difference. I don't think our bobbin holder fits correctly in our machine. I've owned it too long to return, so we're stuck with a machine that doesn't work. I'm not happy with this product at all. :(  I'm trying to find a site that may sell parts. Maybe a new bobbin holder will work? I don't know ..."
Would have got a 5 star rating if the instructions were not so hard to understand. This was a Christmas gift from my husband and its my first sewing machine. Its great for a begginer like me. Easy to use once you figure out the instructions
"You certainly would not want to make a dress with this machine, but for my usage it is perfect. Not sure if it will hem jeans ...but I hope so!"
my mom smile when get it..so cute and easy to handle it everywhere..now my mom can sew anytime she want
Very good design. Sews very well with no problems. Easy to use even for begginers. Paid about $40US and it was worth the price!
"After reviewing alot of little sewing machines, I decided to try this one based on the other reviews. I bought this for my 6 year old daughter to learn to sew. I wanted something appropriate for a beginner, but I also wanted something that would truly work and hold up.  This has been perfect!  I love that she can either use the foot pedal or use the switch on the front.  This machine is sturdy, the stitches are nice and even, yet the machine functions in a simple, straight-forward way.  It's very light weight, small which makes it easy for her to carry herself.  She feels like a big girl having her own sewing machine. It comes with several bobbins and some basic sewing tools.  It has a little drawer on the side to keep these in, which my daughter thinks is great.  Buy this machine - it's great for the price!"
This machine didn't last long.  I bought 2 of them for both of my daughters and one of them worked for about 2 hours and the other for about a month before the thread would get wound up inside and mess everything up.  I tried everything to remedy it to no avail.  Very cheap.  Stick to a real machine if you really want to sew.
"I bought this machine for my Mother (the professional) to teach her great grand daughter.  My Mom sewed her own clothes starting at age 9.  She sewed all of her 4 kids clothes.  We looked fabulous.  When asked where we got our clothes nobody could believe it when we said our Mom made them.  We won every Halloween costume contest we ever entered. (I'm not exaggerating) She made the wedding dress and all bridesmaid dresses for me and my sisters weddings.  Mom worked in custom decorating for 35 years.  She made custom drapes, shower curtains, comforters, quilts, throw pillows, dust ruffles, sheets, shams, towels, and reupholstered furniture.  In retirement she continues to sew for all of us.  She has some fancy sewing machines.  Way to scary to learn on.

So her 9 year old great grand daughter is very interested in how Grandma makes stuff and in her sewing machines.  I saw this machine on a lighting deal so I held my breath and bought it for Mom to teach.  I was scared it wouldn't even be close to her standards.

My Mom got it and said, I'm going to sew on this and find it's quirks before I let the kid on it.  Guess what......NO QUIRKS.  Mom was impressed and I was happy that I didn't waste $40 bucks.

The first sewing lesson is complete.  Every stitch was used for practice. A pillow was created. Not one issue with the machine occurred.  They have plans to sew together one night a week.  I will keep you posted if there is any problems."
I received this yesterday.  it was a gift for my 6 year old to begin leaning to sew. to start with the bobbin casing was completely separated from the inside of the machine.  Screws were missing in multiple locations.  The needle was super difficult to atttach.  Needle arm was bent and was hitting the foot.  I am returning this and buying a brother.  Very disappointed. Don't waste your time or money.
bought as a gift and the loved it. Its a good size and a great price for it. would recommend it.
I love this little sewing machine. It is perfect for those of us like me who are just learning to sew for the first time. It's not complicated and easy to work. I really love this little machine.
"Gift from Santa for my 9 yr old daughter. Got all set up to start learning about sewing and practicing after I came home from work on Dec 26 and the bobbin holder kept moving 'freely' in the compartment. Followed the troubleshooting directions to no avail (there is one specifically for this problem). Called the company, but they weren't much help. ""Email customer support tomorrow"" was the response. After my husband and I worked on it for awhile, it seems to be a timing issue with the needle thread catching the bobbin thread. Never could get it to work. Am going to return it for credit to my amazon account and get the Brother xl2600i mentioned in a previous post."
"This machine is not worth the cardboard it was shipped in! It doesn't stitch consistently, thread breaks left and right, and it is super difficult to rethread. Definitely NOT a good first sewing machine! This is more liable to turn your child off of sewing. DO NOT BUY!"
Disappointed About My Eight Yr Old Granddaughters Gift. Bobbin jams. Not Happy About This memory For Christmas. This Was HerMost Wanted. Tried The Trouble Shooting Too.
I cannot review this product as a different brand arrived in a box without even an invoice enclosed.  I ordered the one above but what came was a brand called Tivax.  How do I go about even returning this.  Thanks for disappointing an 8 yr. old on Christmas
I bought this as a birthday gift for my grand daughter and we could never get it to work.  Then I could not return it because I was past the 30 day time frame for the return.  I am now stuck with a sewing machine that does not work
this is an awesome product everythings work and it runs nice and smooth no problems so for i have had this product for almost two months and it runs perfectly
"this machine was purchased for our 10 year old. it is super light to carry. works great, even found ourselves using it for small repairs"
"purchased for my Mom who wants to do light craft work and it is just perfect.  I was disappointed in the fact that the scissors were broken and cheaply made, but the machine itself was in good condition."
"I loved the sewing machine. It is a very good option for starters, I mean kids starters, or if you are a designer, you have a studio or office and you want to have something handy to create sample quick designs. I loved it."
"This is great for me, I have made 4 scarfs and used it foe mending.  The sale price was great, it is easy to use.  Uncomplicated was what I needed.  Used all the stitches and they work great.  It hasn't caused me any issues and easy to thread."
"I bought the machine one month ago, only sewing a skirt. It's fun on the first day.  Then this machine is constantly getting stuck. I couldn't finish the skirt. Sometime, I stop and start it next day, it works. I thought it needs a break.  But after I try another full day, it gets stuck again.  Cannot return it, it's already over one month.  It's just a toy."
"Not very satisfied with this sewing machine.
Can't seem to get very far without the top thread breaking.
I've tried different thread and everything but I only get 10 seconds into sewing with this machine before the thread breaks. I was very excited to get a sewing machine but I might return it and save for a real one"
very unique and grand kids will love it at Christmas. Would recommend this item for  eight and nine year old.
"It is an awesome little machine for light sewing.  I paid less that $20 for a used machine.  It didn't work initially,but the manufacture's customer support was very responsive in offering suggestions.  Because it was so cheap I let my husband tinker with it.  All he had to do was straighten a misaligned part and it now works great.  I'm using it for hemming curtains, sweatpants ( the zig zag stitch is great for this) and alterations of light to medium weight fabrics.  There is a slot under the machine so that you can slide a sleeve through there for easier sewing.  I like that this machine is lightweight, simple and low tech.  Heck it even works on batteries if the power goes out."
"This awesome tool. At the beginning it was not working although the motor running well. So I went on youtupe to see the troubleshooting show, I found the fault exactly as in the show. I fixed then the machine become like an veryprofessional tool. It's really high quality machine. I like it and recommended to everyone. You may check the youtupe for troubleshooting show and understand what will be the expected and how to fixed. Then go ahead and buy it."
"I just received it and used it to alter a few garments of varying thicknesses. It worked like my larger machine, and all the various stitches on the machine work. The unit is small, but sturdy. I'm highly pleased with my purchase!"
I really like this product ... it was really easy to use and it was all I expected it would be.
"My reviews tend not to swing to extremes.  But in my humble opinion, this product is deserving of one:  junk!"
"This item is too cute.  I have been sewing for 51 years and hoped my granddaughter would want to learn. She asked for a sewing machine this year for Christmas, and what an honor that I get to buy her the 1st machine. It is small enough for a child to learn with, but sturdy enough, and ""grown-up"" enough to really sew.  If this inspires her, I hope to buy her 1st full size version later.  The price is right and the size is right."
"First, this machine doesn't take standard thread spools so you run out of thread all the time. The bobbin thread keeps knotting up inside, under the foot. The thread tension is too high and it causes it to break all the time.

I made one set of placemats and in the process of making a second the machine just stopped sewing. It just stayed in one place stitching and stitching in one spot. I thought maybe it was my fabric/batting combo so I took it all out and tried on a plain scrap of fabric and it's still doing it.

I'm done trying to make this machine work. Spend a little more and get a better machine."
This is a cute no pun intended Lil Sewing Machine its great for those who live in apt. Or if you need something compact & efficient...it is worth the cost price! I recommend anyone to purchase not sure why others had less than rave reviews; it was delivered by UPS which is great! For all those inspiring designers by all means order yours now! Happy Sewing
"Now don't get me wrong, this is a cool little sewing machine; its easy to use and has many nifty add-ons. The reason why I rated this poorly is because its obvious its poorly made. I used it only a couple times before it breaking, seriously? Goes to show you definitely get what you pay for. So if you want to take your chances, go for it."
I bought this for my sister who is just learning to sew. It is great for small projects but the needle action is not smooth and the needle bends too easily.
"I ordered this for my kids to learn to sew on last year after Christmas.  My kids at the time were 8, 11, and 13.  It was a great beginner machine for all 3, and they've sewn quite a bit with it.  The two older kids were able to follow the instruction manual and thread the upper thread and the bobbin all by themselves.  I'm giving it a 4 because it's about a year old now, and we're having some issues with it staying threaded.  We have to work with the tensioner quite a bit.

All in all, it has served it's purpose.  Here we are a year later, and my middle child is now 12 years old.  She is getting a very nice Brother machine for Christmas this year."
It really sews. Great for making doll clothes. I had gotten another brand for my eight year old granddaughter and she was disappointed that she could only pretend to sew. She loves this one!  I would caution that an adult should supervise its use.
"At first this sewing machine seemed so nice and good for the price. But, I quickly found out it's not very good if you are going to sew anything thicker than one piece of fabric. I attempted to sew a t-shirt quilt. This sewing machine worked so well for putting together the individual pieces. But when it came time to sew the back to the front, the machine kept getting clogged and thread getting tangled. It was also a bit difficult to get threaded at first. This machine would be ok for the simplest of projects, but do not get this if you are looking to do any real sewing."
"It worked great for about a month and then it just stopped stitching. Threads get stuck inside. You will need a repair guide to repair it yourself. My advice, pay a little more but go for a better one. This is waste of money."
"Did not work at all. Had a great look, if it worked as well as it looked I would have kept it. Unfortunately, it could not even make one stitch properly. I regretfully had to return it."
Great Sewing machine ... It did what it is supposed to do ... I am not an expert with seweing machines ... But for the price its a great buy ... I sewed a few shirts and pants ... I even sewed my son's uniform for school ... He is young and his cloth rip all the time ... I already got my money back doing the seweing myself rather than having to take the cloth to a pro ... A must have in the house ... Small and easy to store in a closet or in a drawer of a desk
"Well, I was excited to get this - it's light and simple to use ... perfect, right? Sadly, it broke after only ONE USE. I guess you get what you pay for. The thread take-up lever broke or came loose on the inside and therefore makes the machine completely unusable. Could be just a fluke with the one I got, or maybe not. It's just so cheaply made. Now I have to return it and find another one. Guess I'll look for something more expensive. I knew this was to good to be true."
HORRIABLE IT HAD A BOBBING PROBLEM AND BROKE IN TWO DAYS OF HAVING IT. ITS BUILD MORE AS A TOY. THIS PRODUCT IS NOT FOR SERIOUS PROFESSIONAL SEWING. I WENT AND PAID A FEW MORE DOLLARS FO THE SEWING MACHINE BROTHER XL2600I AND I AM IN LOVE. ITS JUST AN EXTRA $20 MORE AND AWESOME. BEWARE OF THIS PRODUCT.
"A very nice, simple machine to teach some of my students on.  I have a group of grade school students who badly wanted to learn to sew, and this is perfect.  Sure, it jams occasionally, but so does my big professional machine.  It is very nice to have the 2 speed settings (slow and fast).  This is getting a lot of use at school, and we are having fun with it."
"IT IS VERY SMALL IT SEWS SUPER SLOW AND IT DOES NOT EVEN STICH right, THEY ARE LYING they will trick you"
"To start, the accessories this machine comes with are crap.  The thread breaks constantly and the electric scissors aren't sharp.

As for the machine, it was good for a couple uses, but after less than a dozen projects, parts of the machine bend and broke and just stopped working altogether."
It broke down the first day I used it.  Very disappointed. I do not recommend this item to anyone looking for a quality sewing machine
"I bought this for my 8 year daughter and she is now making her own clothes for her dolls and even the dogs, Good starter to get going."
"I bought it as a replacement for my daughter's first sewing machine. Her original one broke the day she got it. She & I have used it quite a bit. She's five and with adult supervision can operate it very easily. It comes with a bunch of thread and bobbins which is a huge plus! It already comes threaded & ready to go. We just plugged it in and made a pillow straight out of the box. I wouldn't use it for big projects, but for a skirt, pillows, curtains, etc. It is perfect."
The Michley LSS-505 Lil' Sew Multi-Purpose Sewing Machine is great.  My wife makes most of her clothing and keep my uniform in top shape by sewing when needed repairs are required.
"At first I liked how light the machine was and how easy it was to use, but to my disappointment the motor burned out during the second use. I was using basic light cotton fabric so I was not straining the motor in any way. So disappointing."
"Purchased this Michley Sew & Sew for my granddaughter, 9 years old.  The machine was all set up when it arrived and it worked great. The stitches work fine, extra bobbins and needles along with an led light and built in storage box.  Will probably purchase one for myself as it is very handy and easy to use."
This sewing machine will not work. I absolutely hate it. It didn't even work when I first received it. Don't buy it!
"This is a small light weight machine that fits my purposes.  I am using it mainly for just repair purposes and it's perfect.  I have not actually ""made"" anything with it yet, and may not.  But for now it's perfect. One thing is, if you don't thread it exactly right it won't work. So take care in that. But so far so good!!"
"I bought this for some small sewing projects and because it was cheap and portable.  However, I seem to always get a jam half way through my projects.  The size and price are nice, but I wouldn't recommend this to anyone, I would suggest spending an extra $30-40 and getting a decent regular sized one."
"This machine is perfet for a sewing beginner!  I bought it for my daughter for her 8th birthday.  Its very easy to thread and I love how it goes at a slow speed for her.  A good thing about this machine, is  that it has a switch that allows it to sew on its own so you don't have to press on the pedal all the time.  It has a low speed and a high speed.  I wish my machine would have that for those long straight stiches that I often have to do.  I would have given it 5 stars but I'm a little disapointed with the foot pedal, its made of very cheap plastic and you really have to press down on it hard to make the machine go, I just hope it doesnt break.  Otherwise its a great little machine.  Im sure my daughter will have hours and hours of fun making her own little projects as a beginner with this machine."
"I am trying to hem my pants, but it does not work.  It gives a bunch of thread under the material.  Not recommened to anyone for this item"
"Although there was a problem with the machine, the seller was quick to deal with my problem.  The machine is very nice & I have no bad things to say about it or the seller."
"I love this little sewing machine. It works great, stores in a small space and does the jobs I want it to. I have used it a few times now. I find threading it very easy, it has enough stitch options for the sewing that I do and a very nice light. I use a lot of thread colors so I will have to get extra bobbins."
"OK, I admit I am new to sewing and a male at that, but this machine ran for long enuf to take the seams in on 8 shirts then it slowly ran slower till it came to a stop and just buzzed. Looked like it would have been a fun little toy-like machine.
Can't recommend."
"I just needed something ""cheap"" and ""easy"" to mend and repair while my full Singer was being borrowed. For the price, it is exactly as I expected. Will not do anything heavy duty, VERY SLOW, but it works and it does what I need. Straight stitch repairs, hems, and crafting. Perfectly serviceable. Just be aware that if you want to do some robust sewing and/or clothes making, you will want a more robust machine. Otherwise, this is a good starter or light duty machine."
"I got this machine because I have a 50 year old Singer 301 machine...I love my 301, it is a work horse and since it's all metal, with basic care it lasts forever. HOWEVER, my 301 only does straight stitches. So, when wanting to do little projects and basically anything with a zig zag stitch I needed something else.

This little machine was delivered fast and on time. Packaged great with no problems. It is extremely light weight, i can't be over 4-5lbs. It has a foot pedal, several thread spools and bobbins (which are ALL metal, which is great) and the power cord. It also runs on batteries if needed which would be great for sewing classes and on the go sewing needs. I wouldn't use it for major quilting or heavy materials like leather and such but for basic sewing needs it will work great. It also, has a little light (which you have to turn on seperate from the power on the machine) and it has a little drawer that to hold all the extra thread and such.

It is small, about the height of the palm of my hand plus about 3 inches. So don't be expecting a full sewing machine, because this is not it.

I gave it 4 starts because it is a little stiff and I don't know if that will go away with use or not, but when I get to use it more (Christmas presents coming up soon so I'll be able to get some hours in on it) I'll report back and let you know. I also plan on oiling this machine before using it any more and see if that helps loosen it up some.

It does have a button with L and H and a switch...I thought that it slowed the speed down on the machine, but apparently, you can use this button to make it sew without the foot pedal...no idea if I'll ever use this feature but it's interesting to say the least.

This thing is so tinny, I put it in a reusable shopping bag and had tons of room to spare for fabric and more. GREAT for taking places for sewing classes or maybe winter travelers or people in apartments that have limited space for a small need sewing machine.

I think I'm going to like this machine a lot...I'll let you know if that changes."
"I found this machine to be very cheaply made, the bobbin keeps getting tangled and even jumping out! The thread spool holder will not hold a large spool, only small. I have spent more time re-threading this machine and fixing the bobbin than actually sewing! The instruction booklet is barely English, with many grammer and spelling errors. In conclusion, I'm very disappointed in it and wish I hadn't spent money on it. I realize it's pretty inexpensive, and I'm not an experienced seamstress, by any means, but if I continue with this machine, I never will be!"
"Don't buy this it's a piece of junk and not worth the money
the bobbin breaks easily and the warranty it comes with is not good
customer service will give you a hard time just to send it back or to repair it
Junk .....Junk..."
I bought this for my 7 year old niece and the auto sew makes it a snap.  It's strong and capable enough that I want one for myself!
"the machine started of working good, but after a few days the stitches would not hold. i am trying to figure out what went wrong with it."
my daughter is 11 and I bought this for her she loves it and I think it is perfect for the beginner sewer
"I love this little sewing machine.  I just needed it for small craft projects to make accessory items for my pets and any other little jobs around the house.  For the price, it's amazing.  Works pretty well, does exactly what it's supposed to, and doesn't really ""feel"" like a cheap machine to someone who doesn't sew much.  I began using it almost immediately and had zero troubles.  In the past week or two I've made three hammocks for my pets to sleep on in their cage, a tunnel for them to play in, and two liners for the bottom of their cage.  All of these were made using thick fleece & flannel and I only ever had trouble when trying to sew through more than three layers of the fleece, which I found to be perfectly reasonable and far more than I expected of this tiny machine!  For a $50 machine, this thing rocks and is clearly the best in this price/size range.

The ONLY qualm I have with this cutie is the adaptor.  I'm not sure if I got a weird model, but the adaptor doesn't ""plug"" in.  As in, when you put the adaptor into the socket, it seems too big for the hole.  Instead of locking into place like a normal plug, it kind of just sits in the socket and makes the necessary connection.  When I am pushing fabric through the machine, it will catch onto the adaptor wire and gently push it out of the socket, since there is nothing really holding it there.  It's very strange, and not sure if that is normal for this machine.  The foot pedal plug fits in fine and normal.  Oh well!"
"I use this for the design samples for my clothing line that is just starting off, definitely would need to upgrade sooner, but for now it works great, just don't like the fact that it did not come with a users manual specific to the machine, because the DVD and the book aren't exactly telling you how to use this very maching, so I had to look it up. Other than that it works great."
"Bought this for my spouse and she loved it but soon came the frustration.
The power adapter they sent with the machine wasn't the right voltage.
Luckily the machine also has the option of using batteries. We put in the batteries the machine came to life.
Once we had the machine powered we looked online to see if there was an owners manual available to see, there was not.
We did finally come across a youtube video explaining how to thread the thread and other tips. Finally she began to sew but we discovered the number one problem with the machine, the thread snags after about 5-6 seconds after sewing. Though it had to be the way we threaded it but it was not. After setting and resetting the threads we got it work for a couple a seconds and then it would snag."
"Just haven't boxed it up yet to return it.  It is noisy, and it doesn't sew smooth seams.  I was just hoping to get a tiny machine that's easy to care to any room, but looks like I'll have to 'look again'."
"I purchased this for my 9 year daughters birthday. She was very excited to get it and eagerly started in on learning how to use it, but I found it difficult to show her since it doesn't come with a user manual; only a single sheet of paper about how to thread the machine. I was having a hard time with the machine snapping the thread and becoming unthreaded after we completed a stitch. It took me two weeks to figure out that you cannot pull the fabric  to the stitch cutter when finished with a stitch. You have to turn the knob on the side of the machine to generate slack and then cut the thread. It would have been a good thing to know since I had one VERY eager sewer who needed help threading after every stitch.
It seems to work fine if you know all of the dos and don'ts of the machine; a manual would be nice."
"Excellent for small projects like mending, hemming, etc. Worked perfectly for me. while shortening two garments, and it was easy to use. Doesn't take up much storage space either."
I give this sewing machine 5 stars. You get what you pay for and I am very happy that I purchased this sewing machine.
"This sewing machine is so easy to use.  I was afraid to get one that had electronics after having had an older one for so many years.  But I went onto youtube and viewed a demo to see how difficult it would be before purchasing it.  And, it was as easy as they said.  I used it for my annual Christmas project and some small hemming projects so far, so I haven't encountered any problems yet.  Hopefully, problems are a long way off!"
It's a fine product but if you want to sew anything more than something small this won't work. I ended up buying a full size machine. I would recommend the machine for anyone that wants to do small projects.
"The machine is very small and looks like something that won't work terribly well, but after using this machine for the past couple of months I find I prefer it over my Singer.  It's very simple-stupid to use and works great for all of my sewing needs.  Well worth buying!"
When you put your foot on for power to sow it didn't work. I was not content with the product
"seeing it it look good but its no good i buy it new when i receive it , it look use"
"Once I figured out the threading, it works well. I shortened 2 pairs of lounge pants without a hitch. The thread they send with it is horrible, but the small spools of ""regular""  thread from the local store work fine.

I'd like to see a different arrangement for the ""L-Off-H"" sliding button, because it's too easy to bump it and turn it on by accident.

The manual is a HOOT!  Half the time you can't understand what they mean, it's so poorly written or translated, but it's good for laughs. The pictures are a big help in figuring things out.

A couple of minor ""dings"" account for the loss of one star. But basically I like it and find it to be handy for fast mending, hemming, anything I don't need my big machine to do."
"As said, this is what I was looking for. It is simple and works as expected.

Only think I noted is the speed. They can improve the stiching speed."
"If you are looking for a very easy to use, small, light machine for small sewing projects, or to learn - this is a great option.  I read all the reviews before purchasing, and was a little nervous if it would suit my purpose, but it's been great.  For my upcoming wedding, I have hemmed A LOT of burlap to make table runners as well as a few other little projects.  It doesn't handle thick fabrics as well as thin - the foot just cant make it over them.  With a little bit of playing around with the different stitches though I was able to achieve all I had hoped to with this machine.

Don't expect a heavy duty machine, but this little machine can still get the job done."
"The title says it all, I could barely get it to thread correctly or actually stich! Even after I watched that stupid video! This is a waste of money"
you are better off spending the extra 20 bucks and get a full size. and this one doesn't stitch well.
"I was just looking for something small and simple to hem dresses, skirts & jeans. This machine was small all right but not simple and I've been using a sewing machine for 30+ years. I returned this little sucker as quickly as I received it."
"Even though I had some problems when I was trying to reload the ribbon, but instructions video online are very helpful.
and It is easy to start"
"THIS IS ABSOLUTE PEICE OF CRAP!!! DON,T EVEN THINK ABOUT IT.  MINE CAME WITH THE NEEDLE BENT AND BOBBIN JAMMED UP INSIDE THE MECHANISIM.  JUST JUNK."
Thought it would be a better quality. Plastic and does not work smooth in it's operation. For the price it is cheaply made.
"The Presser Foot plug at the back of the machine broke the first time I removed it. A small round silver piece flew off onto the table that I had the machine placed. I somehow got the connection temporarily duck taped together. For a used machine, and today being the first time I had tried it...duck tape is OK.

I heard that people complained the thread kept on breaking. I found that to be a problem at first also. I tried a strong hand sewing quilting thread and did not have the thread break after that...\

It certainly is not made to sew thick material projects. I was making a hanging pocket for bathroom toiletries out of several hand towels...it would have turned out as a nice project. the michley Lil' Sew & Sew I had received did not complete stitches through three layers of the terry cloth. I may try it  on a thinner material project. I am not sure if it will be worth the effort at this point.

The instructions in the manual that came with the machine said to replace needles with the flat side on the right. I discovered by looking on line that the flat side of the needle should be at the back. And I could not find any where the size, length or brand of needles recommended.

Size 14 ball point needles are generally used for all purpose for average fabric... But the problem I am having of not stitching at all through three layers of terry cloth .I am not sure if it is a timing error in the bobbin case or if it is the needles that I have been using??? does anyone know any more about this?\\\

My machine was used so I would have to say the product is OKay and just guessing for thinner fabric projects. I would expect alot more from a new michley sew & sew product!!"
Arrived in a timely manner. I have never ordered a bulk item in the mail before. Packaging was excellent for a small sewing machine that my niece and I can use for small projects. Very convient small sewing machine.
"I'm just kind of dabbling in sewing, but I wanted something cheap, simple, and compact to work with. This sewing machine definitely fits the bill! It works just fine, and I've had no issues with it after sewing several items. It does occasionally unthread the needle, but that could easily be something I'm doing wrong. I would recommend this product to anyone who wants to do light sewing- I wouldn't want to do heavy-duty or high volume work with it, but otherwise it's great. Compact, inexpensive, and great quality for the price."
It was better than I expected for the price.  I was able to rewind bobbins and do some sewing with it.  I wouldn't like to complete a big job with it but for little things it is great.
"This machine is good for:

- BEGINNERS: easy to use and understand. Plus, it comes with 30-something tiny spools of cheap thread (as well as matching bobbins) to help you start your thread collection.
- SMALL SPACES: Living in a closet-sized dorm, the size of this machine is PERFECT for me
- LIGHT PROJECTS You're not gonna be making any avant garde designer outfits with this thing. So far, I've been able to make a few skirts and light summer dresses, but after too long you can hear the mechanics start to get labored, so you have to give it a small break.
- LIGHT FABRICS: I don't expect to be able to sew ANY winter clothes with this thing. I'm sure it'll be fine if you're just hemming some jeans, but I wouldn't depend on this machine if you wanted to MAKE some jeans. I was able to get about 3-4 layers of light tshirt fabric before it started to make scary noises.

This is a machine that you have to be patient with and work around all of its quirks. If you want/need an advanced, dependable, precise machine, then you will have to invest in one. This is a lightweight beginners' machine that gets finicky when you try to coax it into performing anything beyond the simple.

That said, I completely love it, and it is perfect for my needs and skill level. I live in a dorm the size of a walk-in closet, and I'm just beginning to sew complete projects on my own (as in, without the help of my mom pinning everything together and telling me where to sew. Or changing the thread for me. Or sewing all the zippers.) I have a larger, more reliable machine at home, and I use this one as its temporary replacement.

The drop-in bobbin confused me (I'm used to winding it through a million tension loops), but a search on youtube quickly answered my questions.

The thread had a problem with catching, but ultimately had a simple solution. Peering into the depths beyond the take-up lever with a small flashlight, I found that the plastic parts inside of the machine had just been molded improperly. As a result, one plastic bit had a teeny little hook protuding from its corner, and that teeny malformed corner was catching the thread and keeping me from sewing! Dethreading the machine, I took some sandpaper and wedged it into the machine's threading crevices, managing to effectivlely smooth it down. The thread catches no longer!"
The first one I ordered the thread kept breaking. So I sent it back. By the way Amazon's policies are wonderful. I highly suggest ordering through them. They sent me another machine and the thread hardly brakes anymore. The kids love it. It is a very simple machine. But it is good enough for the little ones. Decent price for what you get.
"I both it knowing that it was cheap so I was not specting such a great result.
The machine is really easy to use. I tried different kind of fabrics and it did it's work without problems.
It's a really good deal cost-benefit for those who do not need a professional machine."
I ordered it in nov 2012 mainly because I like to alter my dresses to fit perfectly. I didn't get chance to use it till june 2013 almost 7 months later and find that It simply does not work. It altered one dress fine n I was happy but suddenly needle got stuck inside the cloth of my dress and wouldn't budge. I flipped the on and off switch few times and was able to get the needle out of the dress but it hasn't been working ever since. Turns out that I cant replace/return it. Have spent so many hours since yesterday trying to get this thing to work but to no avail. I HIGHLY ADVISE YOU TO STICK WITH REPUTED BRANDS LIKE SINGER or maybe buy the two yr canopy warrantee!! Extremely unhappy. Didn't bargain for this at all!!
"is just so so.  i did not realize that i was buying a mini sewing machine.  it is small, and slow.  not satisfied."
She has been using this little machine for more than 3 months everyday and never has problem with it. I'm very satisfied with this product
"Works well .  I have trouble threading the needle.  Bad eyes, not the machine's doing.  Made curtains for the kitchen as first project.  I was pleased with its performance."
I had to leve my full sized machine behind when I moved.  This one is good for my little flat and does a good job if one is doing simple projects and mending.  I made some kitchen valances and they turned out well for a first use of the machine
For the money this is a good machine. It is great for beginners.  I do wish that it came with at least one more needle.
"very small and lightweight.  not variable speed.  not able to do multiple thichnesses.
it does nto run smooth - jumps
wish I could return."
"At first after reading some of the reviews I was a little reluctant to buy this but I am so glad I did.  It's perfect for mending jobs.  I lost a lot of weight and wanted to alter some of my clothes to a smaller size.  This worked perfectly for my needs.  To top it off the price was very good.  Small, portable and works like a charm.  When i first tried to thread it using the printed owners manual I did have a problem understanding it.  Once I got on their website and watched the video I could see exactly what I needed to make it a success.  Why did I not buy this years ago?"
"After reading all of those reviews.,I decided to try this mini machine out which I have five full size sewing machines and been sewing for 30 years.,trust when I say that give it a try and you want be sorry.,I have made a baby blanket and two little girls swing bags on this machine and it really dose the work.,you just have to remember this is not a full size sewing machine...."
"(I've added some extra info at the end of my initial review...)

There's still some features I have to try out but, so far, I'm very impressed with how well this little machine works.

It was very easy to set up, is a total blessing for anyone w/limited space and the company CS is fabulous!

I learned to sew on the very heavy steel machines and was very scared to consider an electric one so the foot pedal on this was a big part of my decision since I can't speed sew.

I haven't found the battery pack yet, but that's also another perk along with how lightweight this is.

Like some others, I don't understand the negative reviews. Even if one happens to turn out to be a dud or just doesn't meet your sewing needs, Amazon will refund within the 1st 30 days and the manufacturer offers a 1 yr warranty.

It has a small piece of practise fabric and the stitches I got are all tight and straight. If you don't adjust the tension settings or change stitches part way through against the instructions, it's going to effect how the machine works and on the best of the industrial machines, cause needles to break and/or threads to snap. But, I don't consider this a machine for a child because it does have many functions beyond what a learner's machine can do.

The bobbin winder, work area light, accessory drawer, sleeve arm, multi-stitch settings, thread cutter, reverse and metal bobbins, all indicate the possibilities of more advanced sewing. (It's not going to be able to handle making drapes or extreme fabrics, like leather but, what I'm doing is pacing myself as I ""get back on the bike"")

Unless this machine can't handle regular spools of threads (I don't expect it to hold cone spools but the spool pin is adjustable for slightly larger (regular) size spools of threads) or things flat out go haywire, you're not going to find many, if any sewing machines with as many features that are portable, for this price. Additionally, if you're not needing to sew elaborate things, an elaborate priced machine that needs it's own room, is not for everyone.

I'm pleasantly surprised but still cautious. I think it's a very cool machine but if you're a total novice or just getting back into sewing, I strongly recommend thoroughly reading everything before even plugging it in and learning the steps to protect both threads and needles during use. Accidents happen but, with any machine, it's easier to go in to it as prepared as you can so, especially for the novice, you know when you might be a missing a step vs the machine being broken. (It's always a good idea to have extra needles on hand for even the best of sewing times and know which style needles are the both the style & size for the fabric you're sewing (the wrong style needle will make it look like stitches are skipping and/or leave holes in your fabric (there's a super guide on google on sewing machine needle styles and sizes- This one comes w/an extra 90/14 size and will fit universal needles but, again, I don't think it's the best choice if you're wanting to sewing very heavy fabrics, like leather - I could be wrong - That is to say, if you decide to go with this one, you'll be glad if you pick up a pack of standard general purpose universal needles with it if you don't have any.))

The drawer is very small so you'll need a basket or box to hold your supplies. It's a nice add on for a spare bobbin, needles, etc. but, it's not going to hold much more. It's still a convenience especially if you have a lot of supplies to go through, to keep only those you need while your sewing one specific thing, right there.

I like that it's sold through Amazon and hope to update this to 5*'s after I either finish my first piece or use Amazon's exchange/return and go one up.

As it is, it has enough to meet my needs and seems a lot more stable than some of negative reviews suggest and more manufacturer support on their website, too!

Honestly, for the price, after seeing this and knowing Amazon's policy and again, the warranty it comes with, I don't understand the severity behind some of the complaints, like it's a throw away item? Maybe 2nd hand or if not purchased on Amazon or out of warranty but, definitely, at this point, worth giving a fair chance for mild to mid-moderate sewing and alterations. (if you can hem one dress/pants with it, it's paid for itself)

Whether it lasts, remains to be seen but overall, content to give it a try and no regrets.

UPDATE

It's still kicking & although, I hope, maybe down the road, to go one up, I wouldn't just part w/this machine. (it wasn't that hard to find the battery case & I LOVE the portability!)

At this point, the machine has paid for itself if I had to pay someone else to alter some clothes & is holding up very well through some craft projects.

I keep reading customers complaining about stitches skipping and thread bunching so I have to mention this again for anyone considering this machine....You MUST purchase needles to match the fabric you're working with. (ie - if you use one of the needles that come w/it(or a self-threading needle) on t-shirt fabric vs a non-stretch cotton, you're going to have problems with the thread and stitches. In this case, you need what is called a ""stretch needle"" - PLEASE visit schmetzneedles dot com - they have a reference chart for which needles to use w/specific fabrics! - you can also use an embroidery needle with one of the stitches to get a different looking stitch, though I'm still playing w/this, myself - The needle size for this machine is 90/14, which is a very easy size to find, ITH)

Also, if you pull the fabric rather than let it run through the active stitching function, that will also cause problems. This is different than guiding your fabric, which is ok. But if you try to force your fabric to go faster by pulling it, the stitching speed can't function properly and you'll end up with jammed, bunched or broken thread and stitches. (The instructions don't tell you this but it would be like peddling a bike at one speed while trying to tug at the chain to make it go faster; it won't make the ride smoother and would likely cause the chain to slip the gears; you can only guide the bike. Similarly, on a sewing machine, if you have the right parts for it, you shouldn't have problems guiding vs pulling your fabric.)

The only reason I would eventually go one up is for some extra style stitches although, I still haven't tried double needles and other work-arounds; I'm actually very amazed by how much this machine can do & though it can, I still have not (by personal preference) tried the presser foot adapter to use most of the presser feet it can work with.

I've also since learned that Tivax manufacturers these for Singer, though I could tell when I first looked at the features and the signature metal bobbins, the design was incredibly close to the vintage steel Singer machines.

I initially gave this machine 4*s and raised it to 5*s because of the many things in my initial review & it proving itself both on cost and over time.

Curious about how much more it can do and still, no regrets. :)"
"Just figured I leave my 2 cents on this one. now ive killed allmost every sewing machine i have ever touched(much to my home ec teachers dismay) ive killed singers and brother alike along with strange off brands i receaved as gifts, i can tipicaly kill one within about 1 dress. the only other sewing machine i have not killed is an ?1880s? peddal foot. now all that being said; I have been using my sew&sew to make costumes for a few months now, and have made 3 (complete) renfair costumes, (1 brocade, and 2 linen). 2 complete Viking era costumes (mix of linen and wool) and a Tudor working dress (heavy canvas linen) + some mending of other garments. And 1 half-finished Viking era coat (wool), I say half-finished because my husband tripped over the cord and broke it out of the machine so now I need to replace it, or invest in rechargeable batteries. Also I tried to use it with a thin satin and even with the ""correct"" needle it catches the fabric and won't sew it. but for my use its been great. the bobins do some times jam but thats an easy fix, and you have to hold the strand of thread out a little when winding the bobin or it will mess up

to sum up i'd say this is well worth the money"
"Upon moving to Hawaii, I couldn't bring my heavy Singer.  When I saw the beautiful fabrics here, I knew I'd need a machine.  Not wanting to,pay big$$$, I decided to order Lil' Sew & Sew from Amazon who by the way is willing to ship here reasonably.  I'm not a big sewer, make table cloths, pillow covers, or a curtain.  I cannot buy these items in my desired fabric, so I sew.  lil' Sew & Sew is amazing, easy to operate and the finished product was better than my old machine.  So I am very pleased and would recommend this product for anyone with limited space.  It's perfect for me!"
"My mom always says she can sew, so I got her this machine and she loves it. She has a small problem with tension but nothing major. It is perfect, she whips things up in a flash."
"this was a great buy for the price, works well very easy to use. even though the threading of the bottom of the machine took me a while to understand i finally got it and i have started off with simple projects like pillowcases to get me started."
"I love this little machine!! Easy to thread and change stitches! Don't have to use foot  Can use button onside of machine. Great for everything I've wanted to sew. Clothes, quilt tops and mending."
This is a kids sewing machine.  I learned on a real sewing machine but am definitely a Novice!  This machine is only good for a simple straight line or short curve.  I've made curtains and a stuffed animal from it.  I wanted to make a wet bag and needed a special foot for it and when I took it to Discount Sew and Vaccuum I was informed its a kids toy sew machine.  Dont get me wrong it really sews but only straight lines.  Want it for any detailed project don't buy this.
"I got this machine and tried it right away. No matter what I tried, it didn't work well. The instructions had an extra page with new instructions on how to set it up and even doing that made it constantly jam up. I am experienced with sewing machines so it isn't from lack of experience. Not a great product."
"This machine was purchased for my 7 year old granddaughter.  It is a little too complex for her at this time, but we enjoy working with it together.  As she gets older, she will have fun creating projects on her own."
"Im a beginner at sewing, so I figured I'd buy a sewing machine that is less expense so I could learn to use it. At first the Lil Sew and sew worked great. I made 1 pair of shorts, two skirts and one dress. After 3 Month of using the machine it just kept getting jamed and broke.

Dont waste your money and spend more money on a better machine."
"It worked really well for a while now it seems as if it has given up on life. It does not sew at all and if it does the stitches skip. I looked at the manual and adjusted the presser foot as directed and changed the needle. Nothing. I went to the TIVAX website to for insight and it wasn't very much help. I'm disappointed. I know this isn't a top of the line sewing but I was expecting to utilize it for crafts and to cut my sewing time in half.

I'm really hoping I can take it back and maybe get a new one or a different sewing machine. When it worked it was actually pretty awesome."
"I absolutely hate this machine. I got it as a gift and I have only been able to use this machine to take in the sides of two blouses and I only got through because I had already started and didn't want to spoil my blouses.

I am unable to use the machine because as soon as I start sewing, the thread starts to gather under the material, the thread slips out of it's threaded position and then it jams. I have tried adjusting the tension over and over, I have tried many different materials, I have taken out the bobbin holder, I have re-threaded the machine multiple times and I have also changed the needle and nothing seems to work.

If anyone here has had the same issue, please let me know if and how you solved this issue because I'm really disappointed with this piece of junk.

UPDATE: So after posting this review, I tried my machine again and surprisingly, it has started working. Just to give a little history; I had taken off the piece at the side that has the thread cutter because I had heard some knocking sounds plus the thread kept cutting. After I did that, it was working better but stopped again. So yesterday when I decided to try to get it working for the last time, I re-attached that side piece and re-threaded the machine and adjusted the tension a little and that's when it started working. Mind you, I have had this machine for over a year and all I was able to do on it before was what I stated above. I was actually planning to buy a new machine next week and all of a sudden this sucker is working. I will still get a better machine since this is not made to handle certain projects but I will still keep this one. I must say though, it is working great now. I made a pair of shorts with it and did a few other little things on a few of my blouses. I will continue to watch it and see what happens.

UPDATE: Well so far this machine has been working great. I sewed more items on it, even made a little dress. I must warn however that it doesn't work very well on materials that are very stretchy so I wouldn't buy very stretchy materials to use with this machine unless you plan to sew another material underneath or on top of it. By doing that it will come out great but otherwise you will have some issues.

I hope my review has been helpful and I will keep updating as I go along."
this is a really cute little sewing machine and i looked forward to using it. unfortunatly during the first use it broke and now the bobbin with not spin right and the thread can't come up from the bottom. i've spent over an hour working on it trying to get it to work and my boyfriend spent three hours taking it apart and putting it back together. he is very mechanically inclined so i figured he could fix it. wrong. its still broken and if i send it back i have to pay for shipping and only get a partial refund. spend the extra money and get something better!!!
"I learned to sew when I was young but haven't had a sewing machine in over 20 years. I wanted to sew a simple craft for my daughter's birthday but didn't have time to research the best sewing machines for my purposes nor was I sure I was going to do much sewing beyond this project so I wanted to get a very inexpensive machine for now until I knew what I wanted or needed in the future. I purchased this machine mainly because of the price and that it had the basic features I thought I would need. I was pleasantly surprised with this light weight machine because it was very easy to use (though I will say I agree with other reviewers that the manual really lacks instruction! - I too found instructions online). I found this machine to do the simple sewing tasks - nothing more, nothing less but was perfect for my situation. It was easy to select the stitch I needed, use the foot pedal and back-stitch lever while easily sewing a medium sized fabric. I will say that it is not good for heavier fabrics (it stuck many times when trying to sew two pieces of a canvas together) and it cannot be used for sleeves or narrow cuffs of children's pants so I will look for a free-arm type machine in the future.
Overall, if you can't afford a complex sewing machine or only need to do the basics, this is a great buy."
"At first I had some trouble, but I found out that I threaded it wrong, and it has been working ever since.  Totally worth the money."
"It is practically impossible to thread, and as a result more trouble than it is worth.  Consider the purchase a complete waste of money."
"We got this to give to my little sister-in-law for christmas.  She asked for a sewing machine but we weren't sure how serious she was so we didn't want to get anything too fancy or too complicated.  After looking at reviews both on Amazon and elsewhere, we settled on this machine.  She had it out of the box and set up within a few minutes on Christmas day.  With some scraps of fabric, her older sisters helped her make a simple bag.  This machine was easy to set up and worked well enough for her to start working with it right away and with no problems.  I can't attest to its ability to handle more advanced users, but for someone just starting out on simple sewing, this machine offered a good balance between value, quality, and simplicity.  Also, its small size makes it easy for her to put away when she's not using it and not have it take up too much room."
"I bought this machine for my daughter after reading lots of reviews that said this one was a good buy.  The instruction manual is vague at best, the machine has no openings to allow for it to be cleaned or oiled and it sounds like a dying animal after just a few hours total use.  I would not buy this again."
"I received my Lil Sew & Sew about a week ago and have made a fanny pack, repaired my husband's pants and been doing piece work on a quilt I'm making.  I've used it with electric and batteries. I tried the pedal, but find it too small so I use the switch on the front of the machine to sew with.  The foot seems to be a little flimsy, but it'll do.  When it comes to thicker than about three or four pieces of material, it bogs down a little so I'm only using it for piece work on the quilts and my larger machine for the quilting.

Good deal."
I bought this machine with the intention of using it to hem and other small jobs and it does very well
"It is so light and portable.
I am happy of having it, even still not used it much, but I am satisfy of small jobs I have done on it."
"This is definitely a small sewing machine.  It won't be able to very large pieces, it can perform a good amount of simple tasks (like hemming pants)"
"My wife used it once, it worked OK.  Next time she used it, it didn't work.  called the company for help, they told us to go to the website and watch a video.  We watched the video and it still didn't work.  Worst part of this is that it is beyond the 45 days and I will NOT get my full refund.

DON'T BUY THIS"
"When I got the machine, I was excited to start my little sew projects that any simple sewing machine should be able to handle, but instead, the threat would constantly break and a simple project that should have taken 1 hr or less took 3 hrs just to get thrugh. The machine would constantly freeze, and  i would have to start all over. I didn't expect it to be best quality for the price, but I expected it to work properly. I had to return it."
"Absolutely amazed by this sewing machine,,,,wasnt even expecting that quality for such a low price.
It has everything that  more expensive machines have, just a smaller size and chiper price. So easy to use and ..you don't need any instruction.  I was looking for a long time for something like that, i didn't want to spend a lot of money...i checked at so many stores like Target, Macys.. etc...finally found it on Amazon. Great deal!
I am happy :)"
"This little machine works well in my house because I don't have a lot of extra space.  It pretty much came ready-to-sew right out of the box....I had one snag, read the directions on how to thread the needle and bobbin correctly, and was good to go! Great for people who are into crafts and do-it-theirself home projects (like curtains).  I would recommend this to anyone who is not familiar with sewing machines...so easy to use!!"
This small sewing machine is perfect for many needs. It is easy to use and easy to store. It comes in already threaded with a sample of the stitchery under the needle. I don't make clothes but I often need repairs and I do make pillows that have to be sewed before stuffing. It is so handy to have around.
"i have never ever used a sewing machine before and was such a novice that I was surprised to see that it uses two threads at one time. I had no idea. The machine arrived threaded, which was a blessing, so I was able to study the set-up before I ever had to do it myself. It comes with an instruction book that is pretty good except that the part that deals with threading is photos only - no words at all for that part! They do note a website though and that has a step by step video that clears a few things up. My only problem now is dealing with the tension settings - I really know nothing about sewing machines so this part is a mystery. That's not Michley's fault though - their Lil' Sew & Sew does a great job of introducing you to other sewing concepts and I am having fun making all sorts of small projects. I has a sleeve feature (I have not used yet) and I like playing with the various stitches it will make. The compact size is perfect for such a small-time project maker who needs to pack things away in a closet in between crafting."
hello all im going to say is I love this machine and nothing bad bout it  for all you conners out there  you have to know how to operate a sewing machine in order to work it  and solve problems it may have ;).
"$40 for a electric sewing machine is quite cheap. It has lots of stitching functions which most of the people will need.

The concern is its stitching quality. You will get satisfactory stitches for only thick linens and not other types. Stitch threads were not taut even if I tried to tune the thread tension. Second problem is: the teeth which pulls the cloth automatically makes a kind of slanted movement towards right always and that's annoying if you want a straight stitch.

How come Michley LS 505 and ""Singer Pixie Plus"" both look exactly the same? Which one is counterfeit?"
"My daughter has just started getting into sewing and she is
10 years old. This machine is great for her starting out but
as she gets more experienced she can do various stitches
too. It's very compact and easy to move around from one
room to the next if you don't have a sewing room where it
can remain set up."
"I just started sewing recently and this lil' one fits my needs perfectly. It's been about 3 weeks since I bought it and I've already churned out 3 bags and finishing up one dress. The thread comes loose sometimes but I think that's something I'm doing wrong, but for the most part this little thing can take care of anything. Only issue though is I haven't figured out how to stitch a zipper with this machine so I do that by hand. It's easy to use and they have a youtube video for you to see how to thread it, which is very simple. They even have the steps sort of printed on the machine itself incase you forget. Its a great piece for the price and I'm very glad I bought it."
great machine for the beginners in sewing. i recommend that you buy this for your beginner i your family. thank for making this available
Have not used it yet. If you keep requiring a minimum number of words you will not get ratings from me. I have said all I want to say!!!!!
the sewing machine was very inexpensive however  the machine did not work properly and seem to be very flimsy unfortunately.
Bought this to use to hem up pants that were to long for myself and my daughter. it has worked great for that!
"Gifted this to my mother. The happiness did not last long as we soon realized the stitching speed is less and the thread gets stuck often after  breaking. It is very difficult to remove thread from the machine as it internally gets wound to some part. My mom does not use it anymore, I am disappointed.

The machine stopped working now and my mom felt bad."
"Ordered 3 separate machines and all three broke in the first use.
This machine is not ready for commercialization.  Perhaps a few engineering modifications could change this machine from a looser to a winner."
At first i thought i was going to have to return. Much like another reviewer the bobbin kept catching up. I tried for an hr or more to figure it out finally put it away to send back. I despise doing returns so I gave it one more try though i thought the bobbin holder was loose. Come to find out it was all in the threading all along. You have to run it just right under that little lip towards the end of threading. It will appear to be threaded right when its not. Worked like a charm after this other than the thread does break a lot which is very annoying. Having not sewn since home ec this was easy machine to thread and sew with once i got padt the little lip issue. Great starter basic machine. Small for small spaces. I would definately buy again. Gave 4 stars because of the annoying thread breakage.
"I bought this machine to tide me over till my mom's ancient Necchi got repaired. Surprise! Now it's my main machine! It's small, portable/light, easy to use, and sews great.

Suggestions:
1. use the foot pedal adapter. Turning the machine on and off with the switch, while trying to sew, is just ridiculous. Nobody's that coordinated. I use it every time I use the machine. The only thing I'd change is make the foot pedal a bit larger.
2. You can use battery power, but if you want to sew a project with it and not just some quickie stuff, it's going to run out fast. Use the power cord whenever you can. (It's surprisingly not that large/heavy, so it doesn't impact the portability of the machine, IMO.)
3. For those who have trouble with this machine, having the thread tension set correctly is key, as is knowing how to thread the stuff when it needs to be re-done. I was pleasantly surprised that the thing was loaded and ready to sew when I took it out of the box! But I did take a few minutes to study how the thread wound through the machine so I would be able to replicate it. It's a good thing, because if you use cheap thread and/or your tension isn't set right, the thread's going to snap a lot and you'll be rethreading quite often.

P.S. I am far from an expert sewist--most of my ""experience"" has been watching my highly skilled mom sew our clothes as we were growing up--but even I can use this machine. I sewed myself a skirt on it!

For what I paid ($40), this machine can't be beat."
We bought this sewing machine for our daughter (9) for Christmas as she expressed interest in learning how to sew.  She was so excited that she used it all the time and after 3 weeks it stopped threading from the bottom.  I called the company and they tried to walk me through the troubleshooting but nothing worked.  They finally said that I had to send it back but we had tossed the box as we didn't want her to know we bought it off Amazon.  It would have cost just as much to ship it back and have them fix it as to buy a new one so we just trashed it and bought one that was in the $80 range.  Save your money and buy a better model or save the box to send it back.
"Im a novice at sewing. This machine has been sitting in my closet for 3-4 months, I finally took it out a month ago and started sewing away. The stitching is great, who knew there were so many types. As I was beginning to sew, I learned every step little by little. Tension, thread and needle are very important. The two needles it came with broke on 4 layers of cotton, went to joann fabrics & bought some with a 40% off coupon :). After the four layers passed by smoothly. The only thing I wished it had was a button hole feature. I'm still learning and for it being my first sewing machine I'm pretty satisfied for the price & sewing."
"It worked just fine for about five minutes. Then the bobbin holder popped out of place, and it refuses to go back in. After wasting two hours trying to fix it, I gave up. I am returning this piece of junk. Don't waste your time; spend a little extra on a more quality machine."
This is garbage.  Don't waste your money. I couldn't even get the thread to pull up and all I could do was return the piece of junk.
"I am very happy with this sewing machine. It's
Small but works like a full size machine. I am loving it."
"It is just an easy machine, cheap made. Every single time I tried to sew something, the thread kept on breaking. Returned it the next week."
"Very easy to use. Love having this for the tiny projects around the house. Nice to have if you're not a ""serious"" seamstress...ideal for all the little Pinterest projects I keep finding!"
"At first I was very upbeat about it as it was so light and already threaded. So, I start sewing. As soon as you get to the slightest thickness in the fabric the machine freezes up. Then the thread comes out of the needle and needs re-threading too much. I ended up returning it and would not recommend this for anyone."
"If your sewing anything thick, this is not the machine, but for quick fixes or dolls clothes it works great.  The price was right for me."
"It works for a short while then it began to give problems, thread keeps snipping and finally it runs without any stitching. What a waste of money."
I am not super thrilled with this since I have encounter many problems down the line but when it was working it was great! I am not a seamstress or expert with these things so it may be user error but since I had used it so many times before I just don't know.
"I purchased this for my daughter who is just learning home economics in school. She loves it and for what she uses it for it's perfect, but it will not do heavy material of any sort. the only other downfall I see at the moment is the fact that the cord for the foot pedal could use to be just a bit longer. There doesn't seem to be enough cord for it to rest easily on the ground if you have the machine setting on a higher table."
"I am a novice sewing machine beginner.  However, it does not take an expert or a seasoned machine user to realize this machine ROCKS.  I found a video on you tube that gave a 4 minute visual instruction to use machine step by step.  My machine already came ""pre-threaded"" which made starting projects on it convenient.  The price is fantastic... we are also always mindful of storing things in our place as a family of 4 we have limited storage, and this machine is lightweight and small enough to not hog space.  LOVE IT...highly recommend this to anyone wanting to do small mending and sewing projects with ease!!!"
"And apparently she loves it, she said its kinda simple but it is good enough for what she wants it for"
"I bought this for my 9 year old to learn how to sew. The first one that I purchased did not work and I had to ship back, but the second one works great for a 9 year old just learning how to sew. I would definately spend alittle more and get a ""heavier duty"" one for someone more experienced and that uses it alot. Great sewing machine if you don't want to spend alot of money or if you have a child like mine that will play with it for a few months then forget about it."
"I have had this little thing for awhile and didn't get a chance to review it...

Pros: Economical... the price is beautiful,
  Great for beginning sewers

Cons: I am yet to find spools of thread that fits the bobbin winding at the top, if thats what its called.. I have to roll thread onto the tread spools that were in the package

  The feeder is a little unpredictable, you have to hold the fabric a the top and bottom to guide it, otherwise your line will be crooked... and lastly there are no measurements for seam allowance... i took a permanent marker and a ruler and drew in lines for different measurements..."
Look at the u tube videos. It's kind of loud but it works!!! Kid loved this xmas gift. Purchased a sewing book to go along with it.
"If your an experianced sewer I can see where you could find fault with this machine, but as a newbie I am quite pleased with it. Up until I bought this sewing machine I had never ventured into the realm of sewing, so it has been a completely new experiance. Having said that I have no knowledge of other machines to compare to this one. To allow for some perspective, I am currently working on making an ombre ruffled shower curtain and the problem I have run into with that is the machine is having a little difficulty sewing the cotton ruffle onto the thicker fabric of the curtain, but it has had no problem hemming the strips of cotton themselves or repairing the hems on my boyfriends work pants. The only true problem I have had with this machine is that the thread rewinder requires some finessing otherwise it jams while sewing due to uneven winding on the spool.

In summary, if you are a beginner or are looking for something for simple projects or repairs this machine is a good option. Just stay away from heavier fabrics and figure out the spool rewinder. And if it helps your decision making, I would definitely reccomend this machine to my friends and family."
so gooooooooooooooooooooooood so good so so so so soo soooo so so so so so so so good so goood k
"I read reviews on this machine before making a purchase. Last year I made the mistake of buying my 7 year old granddaughter one of those pink plastic machines at Joann's which turned out to be a horrible waste of money. This year, decided to get this little machine which looks like a mini real machine. We walked through some basic lessons and at 8 years old she really got the hang of it. It's basic enough but really sews and has a reverse stitch too. It won't sew thick materials (I tried) but will do fine on cotton, flannel,and lighter weights. The price was very reasonable. Great starter machine for a child. In a few years I will let her use my machine or buy her a full size if she really likes to sew."
I bought this small sewing machine for Xmas to teach my grand-daughter how to sew.  It worked for about 2 hours.  After countless emails back and forth with Michley trying to solve the problems they gave me a RMA number and said I would have to pay the shipping charges to send it back to them for repair.  The cost of the machine does not warrant the amount it would cost me to ship it back to Michley.  So sorry I purchased this sewing machine!
"I purchased this sewing machine for my granddaughter for her big Christmas gift !
It does not work and found out too late to exchange it!"
I love this machine!!! I made some pajama pants never had any trouble at all! Some people complain about the bobbin but the bobbin didn't give me any trouble at ALL! Get this machine if you don't know how to sew or I recommend also for someone that has been sewing for 50 years! Perfect for all ages! No trouble.
"I picked this for my first ever sewing machine and was a bit intimidated by the whole thing.

For threading I found the youtube and got the hang of it very quickly!  Now I can thread it in 20 seconds or less with no problem.  The bobbin just drops in and I've never had any problems with it.

It took me a few tries to learn how to learn how to actually sew anything, but that was just because I've never done it before.

Winding the bobbin required another video lookup, but after I got the idea it was very easy to do over and over again.

In the 2 months I've had this I made 2 pillow covers, 2 messenger bags and I'm working on a very basic quilt.  Everything was using 100% cotton print fabric.  The only time the machine had any trouble was in parts of the bag where it had to go through 8 layers or more.  Even then I was able to hand crank it and get past the tough area.  It goes through the quilt sandwich with batting easily.

I'm sure as I start doing more difficult work I'll grow out of this, but for a starter machine I really could not be happier.  It's easy, portable, works great and is cheap enough that if I didn't enjoy sewing I wouldn't have felt like I spent too much trying."
"Bought this for my granddaughter in California for Christmas, she used it once and it quite working. Not a good machine at all."
I tryed everything to get this little machine a chance.  It just didn't make it.  Definately not worth the money at any price!
"Bought this machine for my 8 year old grandaughter.  It is an awesome machine for a beginner.  Easy to use and very light weight.  She loves it and so does her mom.  Mom is learning to sew too.. Definately recommend it.  The auto sew is sensitive so until you know how to control using foot pedal, I wouldn't recommend using it.. Great little machine.."
This was bought as gift and daughter loves it.  She had a small amount of space to work in and it was perfect for what she needed.
"Great little machine.  Bought it for my daughter.  Easy to use.  Only one problem, the thread sometimes gets caught and breaks.  This problem seems to be intermittent."
"Great price and shipping !!!! Works great for my 5 year old. I was alittle worried because the box it came it was so small, but I love the sewing machine. I'm about to buy another one for my other daughter."
Not worth the price. Machine got broken after two stitches. So hard to follow the instructions. Overall cheaply made. If you are serious about sewing...DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT!!!!
"I bought two of these for my daughters for Christmas. One of them, the plug in for the foot peddle wouldn't work. Both of them didn't stay threaded well. I was refunded my money promptly."
I gave this as a gift for Christmas to my niece.  My sister says it is not working and quit working after about 2 days use.
"I have used this machine for almost a month. I find nothing wrong with it. It has done any project I have tried. I saw the same machine under the Singer name at Joanne Fabrics. I saw one review that said to purchase a Singer, but I guess this machine works well enough for Singer to put its name on it."
This sewing machine is not worth the money and any one looking for a starter machine should not buy this one.  A part broke off right after Christmas and is now useless.
"Gift for my daughter, she loved that it was small and was so excited to try it, was hand mending.  Seems to have a lot of perks and able to sew through tough fabrics."
"i bought it form my mom and she is very happy with it.
thnx so much to all.she loves it :)"
"Bought it as a gift for my mom, broke within 2 uses. Good part: it's cheap. Bad part: it's cheap."
"I brought this machine for my granddaughter age 11, who is a budding designer. Having shown her the basics of the machine like stitch length, bobbin, treadle, foot, reverse, we drew a small doll dress pattern on some remnant fabric. Voila,  30 minutes later she had created her first design. Even her older sister (16) was impressed. They recorded all of this on their iPhones. I would recommend this Michley as a good beginning for novices interested in arts and crafts. Having owned many machines, (simple to complex electronic) this one is a winner."
"This is an okay product of you're looking for something simple to do hems on lightweight fabrics but it won't stand up to thicker fabrics or even fabrics that have been doubled over more than once. The needle periodically comes out, the thread breaks because the needle scrapes against the pressure plate and the top thread doesn't always pick up the bobbin thread. The bobbin and thread do not thread reliably and often get stuck. It does have a light which can be useful and a number of stitches but given the quality of the machine, you'll only use a few more basic stitches. The thread cutter and drawer for bobbins and spools was convenient. You get what you pay for. If I bought this again I wouldn't pay more than $15."
I got this for me to do some sewing around the house.  I learned on the Singer my Mom had and this is easy and light to use and has different settings not just one.
I ordered this for my five year old who doesn't know a thing about sewing. I like the automatic stitch option so she can concentrate on one thing at a time. This came put together and ready to sew! I made her practice shapes (stars and circles) to start learning. She has already made a pillow with my help and we had no problems!
"It came very secure in a brand new box and it is just the right size, not to big and not to small. I don't know how to sew but I am gonna give it a try. I love this sewing machine, it is my first and it looks adorable."
"Got this for Christmas for my 11 year old daughter. She loves it and seems to have no problem using it. If you have trouble getting started, there is a YouTube video you can look up that will help. Can't beat the price too!"
"My nice wanted to learn to sew...now she can w/ the Lil'Sew. For an entry level sewing machine/toy,very impressive. A great buy."
"Great item, works well
daughter loves it and uses it often.  Not great for heavy materials but good for most everything else"
"This will not replace my regular sewing machine, but is a good temporary solution, while my regular machine is away.
This machine is particularly finicky with transitioning from thin to thick fabrics (for example: going from folded over jeans to folded over jean seams). Other than that, it performs well, is extremely lightweight and portable and even comes with options to be battery powered."
"I bought the Michley as a first sewing machine. I wanted to learn how to sew and I was excited to try. I learned a lot with this machine...mostly about what things can go wrong.

I had issues with:

- The thread coming out of the eye several times in the middle of sewing. Occasional breakage also.

- I had no idea how to thread the bobbin. I did it by accident a few times, but it was hard. I looked in the manual AND I watched several videos to try to figure it out to no avail. I had to go to a sewing store and have a professional help me. The lady told me that this machine was more of a cheap child's toy than a sewing machine.

- One time, the needle just fell right off in the middle of sewing.

- The top thread didn't want to pick up the bobbin thread a few times. I had to call customer service at one point. They could barely speak English and had very little skill or politeness.

- The machine is very noisy and the bobbin spinner shakes/clanks like it's falling apart.

- The tension is very hard to manage. I had issues with skipping, keeping the thread even and tight, etc.

- The bobbin winder was AWFUL. It would wind the thread normally and tightly at first, then it would widen and send little loops out all over the place. I tried to sew with it just like that and numerous times, the machine would eat the loops of thread because they'd hang out.

- The thread will sometimes come off and wrap around the top or the bottom of the holder.

- The plastic thread holder is cheap and will pop right off if you let it.

Admittedly, I learned how to machine sew no problem. But all of the issues it took to learn plus all of the bad things that continuously cropped up ARE NOT WORTH IT!

I know everyone is trying to save money these days, but my advice is to save your money for a better machine with a real name behind it, such as Singer or Brother. Do some research and get a machine that will last you YEARS, not a couple of months like mine.

I returned this machine and I will avoid Michley/Tivax products like the plague."
All of these reviews are saying its so hard to figure out but it just takes a tiny bit of common sense. I mean half of the directions are printed right on the sewing machine! Its a great starter machine for a child or adult and that's all it is supposed to be. It is a great product or the price
My 9 year old wanted to learn to ses so I purchased this sewing machine for Christmas.  She took it with her to her 1st sewing class and it worked well.  Many of the beginning sewing machines didn't have the ability to back stitch but this one does.  The foot pedal looks a little flemsy so I was concerned but it worked just fine!
"This was bought for a beginner sewer.  She really liked it. However, the instructions with it were not that clear. You need to have a sense of sewing to use the machine."
I connected everything to see if it worked and it seemed like it did. Then when i actually tried using it the damn needle was jammed cuz I tried everything to get it to move. Sick waste of 43 bucks!
"I bought it for my 11 year old daughter and she loved it! It is user friendly, compact and easy to carry"
"Upon receiving this, the machine was much smaller than I had imagined it would be. It is about half the size of a normal machine. However, I was okay with that as long as it worked properly. I only used it to make three or four sets of curtains, (using normal, thin fabric) and while making the last set, it started making loud squeaking noises. I turned the machine off for a while thinking that it might be too hot or that it may need oil. So, I let the machine cool and lubricated every moving part that might need it. The noises persisted, but I finished making the curtain. Just now, I tried to use it, and it has stopped working completely. I was very disappointed."
"Purchased for 12 yr. Old. Good value for a starter machine. Only 4 stars because the ""manuel"" was poorly written and missing some steps."
"I wanted to start sewing but wasn't ready to make a commitment on a more expensive machine. This is a great starter machine to get you familiar with sewing language and machine sewing. I've used it to make a kindle cover, reversible totes, napkins, a stuffed owl, small card wallet, etc. A lot of things you can do. It's also smaller than one of the pricier machines, so it takes up less room on your table and in your closet. The directions are also very easy to follow, especially if it's your first time with any sewing machine."
"I went looking for a GOOD sewing machine after a disappointing purchase of a plastic, chain-stitch, name-brand sewing machine for my granddaughter to learn on.  I found this machine and I am NOT sorry!  It is well constructed, and though it is small, it is a REAL sewing machine, not just a toy!  The price is more than great, and the little machine does a mighty job sewing straight and zigzag stitches.  Great machine for the beginner!"
This machine seemed to be very well made and will grow with my granddaughrter as her skills improve.  I didn't want to just give her a machine that was a toy I wanted it to function like a real sewing machine.  I'm sure it will bring her hours of happiness.
"Nice machine for my 9 year old.  It does the basic stitches but is better than the ""PLastic"" kid machines"
"Bought this machine as a beginners for my 6yo daughter.  Very simple for her to use and understand.  As an experienced sewer myself I was a little disappointed though.  The thread guide near the needle is designed in such a way it's hard to thread, something I've never seen on my three machines or my mothers. It also has a small foot base which makes working with bigger fabrics hard to maneuver. However I do like the 'drop-in' bobbin!  In hindsight, I probably should have shopped at Joann's to see the machines on display...and used a coupon or wait for a sale.  But overall it's a decent and I can see getting a couple years use out of it."
Great little machine for beginners. My daughter got this for Christmas and began using it right away. Easy to use.
"It worked half way through my first project, a little girl's dress. I was learning to sew and was happy about how easy threading the machine and its convenient size. However, when changing the bottom bobbin, the machine seem to malfunction and the needle timing was off. I returned the machine to amazon."
I purchased this product for my daughter for her first sewing machine. It's ok for the price but I should have waited and purchased her a bit better one for continuous use. She has difficulty threading the machine at times. Ok product.
"This machine should be used only by seasoned seamstresses who know how to work with consistant poor tension and thread breaking problems. Which is why I returned it. Very frustrating for a young, novice seamstress."
"I researched sewing machines to purchase for my niece for Christmas, and while this one felt like a gamble, I took the risk.  Unfortunately, luck was not on my side.  The machine arrived and was easy to setup and put together, but it did not come with a manual.  As soon as we plugged it in for power, the motor made this horrible grinding noise.  I disconnected the foot petal, thinking that might be the cause, but the grinding only escalated in pitch.  We tried finding a manual online, flipping switches (ie. Bobbin winder) on the machine, even using different outlets in the home, but alas, after 3 hours of tinkering and adjustments, it never worked.  Returning machine and not getting a new one.

I am not a novice sewer and have been around sergers and sewing machines for over 20 years.  This machine was just a disappointment and I regret the purchase."
"I almost didn't buy this sewing machine because I thought it was going to be toy like.
I only paid $35 for it and gave to my 11 year old for Christmas. She loves it!
It's easy to thread and easy for her to use without any help and works great!! I'm glad I purchased it!"
It took me about an hour to make the necessary adjustments so that my grand daughter can use this machine.  It does not appear that it will sew very well on lightweight material.  As previously posted by other reviewers . The threading instructions were not very clear.
"nice for starters daughter in law loved it hope it performs well for her,  she is just starting out ."
"I've been sewing for well over 50 years, using a lot of different sewing machines. This was a Christmas gift for our 7-year-old granddaughter, who's been wanting to learn to sew doll-clothes. When I set it up, the directions were OK for threading and getting to the bobbin thread, and H was able to learn it after a demonstration. Most machines have a wire hook to snug the thread in close before putting it through the needle; this has a solid metal piece with a hole in it, about 1/4 inch from the overhanging body of the machine. I found it a real pain, although H was able to master. I have more concern about the tension. The recommended tension was too loose, leaving the bobbin thread just lying flat against the fabric. When it was tightened so that the 2 threads were in proper relationship to each other, the thread snapped several times while stitching straight seams. It was also quite hard to pull out the top thread long enough to cut it and leave a  tail long enough not to be  dragged out of the needle eye. H's mother suggested the problem may be the quality of the thread included with the machine. As local fabric stores were closed on Boxing Day and we came home the following day, we weren't able to look for better alternatives.

So long story slightly shorter, the machine seems reasonably well-built, and grand-daughter is thrilled. She understands the foibles and thinks she can deal with them. I'm sure she can, but as a learner, she shouldn't have to."
"This is a good sewing machine, it has a few clunks dealing with the strings and sometimes the cloth gets caught but its perfect for beginners like me and I highly recommend it. :)"
"I thought that this would be good for my 10 yrd old. Built very well, but too hard to use for little ones."
"This machine is adorable and lightweight. We bought this as a beginner sewing machine for our 9 yr old daughter. We threaded the needle...that was pretty simple. Got to the sewing part and it worked fine for the first couple stitches and then it started skipping. We took apart per the trouble shooting suggestions and it still skipped. Checked to see if the needle was bent or placed wrong-it wasn't. For us, we decided to return it and try a different machine."
"I bought this machine for my 4 1/2 year old for Christmas as he's been very interested in sewing and I'd rather he learn on his own machine and keep mine off limits. However I should have tested it before putting it out Christmas morning because as soon as we tried to turn it on the mechanics didn't work at all. The motor was running but the needle didn't move up and down, even though it would move the needle when I turned the wheel on the side. I had been debating between this and a Janome but went with this because of the price factor. What a piece of junk! I should have gone with the Janome and spent the extra dough in the first place. Fortunately Amazon's return policy is stellar."
It came as described and she has used it every day since she has received it for Christmas. She loves it.
My 14 year old is interested in learning to sew and I didn't want to complicate things for her. This sewing machine is really compact and lightweight. Has many features and seems to do the job. I will probably have to upgrade her to a larger better machine in the future but this works for now. It is great for her to take back and forth to sewing class. Is good quality for the price.
"I bought this machine end of 2011 and by the end of 2012 it was dead. It stopped working after about 10 months. It had 1 year factory warranty so i contacted tivax customer service and the asked me to ship it for repair. After sending it they finally replied me back after 2 weeks telling me that there was nothing wrong with it, and told me that it was not used for long period of time so that's why it stopped working and asked me to pay 25 dollars because there was nothing wrong with it. My mom was using that machine at lease twice a month. Good scam to make money. I told them to keep it. I am not wasting another 25 dollars for that cheap plastic. Don't waste your money on this product."
"I'm new to sewing, and I thought this machine might be a nice way to try to build my skills.  But the manual is really unhelpful, and the website gives almost no additional information, other than how to re-seat the bobbin.  The machine itself is missing some basic functionality. There are no lines etched onto the throat plate, so it's very hard for a beginner to keep their seams straight.  The foot pedal does not appear to have variable speed, just ""fast"" and ""off.""  There are no options for stitch length or width, although as a brand-new sewer, I didn't care so much about that.  I got a sewing book to try to help me figure the machine out since the manual is so thin and unclear, and lord knows I've used Google and Youtube.  The machine constantly has problems.  I've had to re-seat the bobbin, had it jam constantly although I followed the threading and bobbin instructions to the letter, and no matter what tension I use, it drops stitches (or whatever you call it in sewing; I'm a knitter).  All I wanted to sew were 4 straight seams for a tablecloth. And honestly, I'm neither stupid nor ""uncrafty."" I knit, crochet, embroider, and I have a masters degree. I'm a precise and detail-oriented person.  Maybe if you're a really experienced sewer you can figure this thing out. But I would think that many people who would consider it are like myself, new to sewing.  If you are, this product is just extremely frustrating and virtually useless.  I'm so frustrated and sad about it.  Worse yet, my husband recycled the packaging, so now I'm stuck with it."
this works on thin cloths that need repair but not thick cloth.  had to repair a fleece and this works good. but don't think jean will work with this.. you would be out of luck.
"I was a bit wary when I bought this machine combo because of the polarized reviews I read but I've had it for a few weeks now and I love it! I've never touched a sewing machine in my life but after practicing on scrap cloth a couple of times, I managed to mend the ripped seam of my husband's pants and make a few tissue cozies! I'm moving up to bigger projects like skirts and tote bags now. =)

This machine is really powerful despite its size--it was able to sew through 3 layers of heavy duty cotton. The instructions could definitely be clearer but Google and Youtube provide the answers I need. The sewing kit is very handy (especially the pre-wound bobbins) although I would have liked a couple of fabric-marking pencils. The electrical scissors look flimsy but are actually pretty powerful. They make cutting fabrics a breeze!"
I ended up returning this even though it cost me $7 postage.  There was no way I could use it.  The bobbin kept getting stuck so this product is useless to me.
"The last time I used a sewing machine before receiving this was 20 years ago.  I wanted to teach myself to sew, so that I don't have to rely on my mother or a tailor for some minor sewing.

First let me begin by saying that the booklet that comes with this machine contains very little information.  Within a few minutes of searching online, I was confident in trying my first beginner project.  If you need a little help, YouTube is an excellent reference.  You can actually see a sewing machine, listen, understand and follow what the person is doing which was a lot more helpful to me than reading the booklet that came with the machine.

My experience:

First, when I tried several stiches on the practice fabric, I had no issues with the machine at all.  When I tried a different fabric/material, I had major issues such as the thread breaking and the fabric not feeding.  I did my own, quick research online and realized that the needle size and tension matters depending on your fabric type.  Quick fix, went to a store, got a package of several different sized universal needles.  The package will tell you what size needle you should use for what type of fabric/material.  As for the tension, I just played around with it.

Second, if your are experienced with a sewing machine, perhaps this is not the machine for you.  This machine is very basic.  It has 8 stiches programmed into it, goes forward and reverse and winds bobins.  Yep, that pretty much sums it up.

Third, the foot plate is very lightweight and kinda small.  I found that it was easier to use my barefoot to push on the petal and yes, I had to practice the pressure I was using.

Fourth, while re-searching online, I found beginner projects that would test my ability to function with this machine.  In the few weeks that I've had it, I have made; eye pillows, pillow covers, a tote bag, a small table cover and two pairs of yoga pants.  These finished products are not exactly retail quality, but that is due to my inexperience and not the machine.

Fifth, the machine is lightweight and small.  It can easily be store on a shelf in a closet or even a tote where you can keep all of your sewing supplies in one spot and just take out the tote when you are ready to sew.

Overall, for the price, you can't beat this machine if you are a beginner or just looking to do some simple projects.  This machine would be fine for a person experienced with sewing as well, just keep in mind that it is just a basic sewing machine."
"Packaging and timeline for the order to arrive was good.  I have had no luck in getting the machine to work, however.  I have consulted multiple ""YouTube"" videos, and had experts try to resolve bobbin functionality issues.  Will likely have to box it up and send it back."
This sewing machine is just right for the small amount of sewing I do. Great for crafts and small-medium projects.
"First of all, IF YOU ARE A SERIOUS/PROFESSIONAL sewing person. You can skip this review and this machine all together.

I've always wanted a more heavy duty sewing machine, but since I don't sew very often (and I'm only doing some light sewing projects) I thought I should just buy a cheap one. I got this about a month ago and so far it works very well for me. The threads were already in when I opened the box so I didn't need to thread the machine. all the functions on the machine are pretty easy to figure out. If you have trouble with this machine you can always check out some instructional videos online.

The downside to this machine is that it really doesn't work very well if you have to sew multiple layers of thick fabric. The machine still works properly with 2-3 layers of thick canvas type fabric, but if you are sewing more than 5 layers it will have some trouble going through. Over all I think the machine is worth the money. I am only doing pillow covers and some mini christmas stocking with the machine. And they came out really nice!

CONs:
Not for professional sewing.
Cannot sew multiple layers of thick fabrics.

PROs:
Compact and light weight
Affordable
Great for kids and teens to learn how to sew.
Great for people who only do light sewing project."
This little machine is terrible and a total waste of money.  I bought one for my 11 year old daughter.  It broke within the first week.  I would give it a 1/2 star.
how can you complain about a tiny but full service sewing machine at this price.  What a great deal.  Works perfect!
"I purchased this for my grandson's Christmas present.  It had to be white as he is adamant about ""girlie"" colors and effects.  Thats why I chose it.  However, I decided to check it out before giving it to him and found that, though the motor worked, the machine DID NOT SEW - nothing happened at all.  I think the belt had come loose or off, but, as usual, one cannot get inside today's machines to put it right.

I have ben sewing for 60+ years with numerous types of machines - I own three of them.  Never have I experienced ""nothing!""

Yes, it was inexpensive, but even so, it should have worked to some degree."
I bought this machine for my mother as a gift. When she opened it she just could not get it to work at all. We followed directions used brand new batteries but it just did not wanna even turn on at all. It's really small and looks really cheap. But then again you get what you pay for. I definitely sent it back!
"This is an excellent machine for anyone just learning to machine sew or someone who doesn't do large complex projects. It is a workhorse! I have sewed countless pillows, small items of clothing, little projects, and cloth repairs with this since I got it June 2011. My one one tip is to buy better quality thread and trash the thread that comes with it. The three spools of thread that come with it are very low quality and will break and trip up the machine. This thing sews like a dream with high quality thread and is THE BEST BUY on the internet for small jobs and beginners."
I was sad that only way the machine work was with the bobbins and thread that came with it. I even empty one of the bobbins to use with new thread and did not work right. The machine works with thin fabric it does not work with heavy fabric very will.
"I have no experience with sewing.
I just needed something to make it easy to hem pants and other simple stuff. I wondered if this little machine could actually work. To my surprise it did, and it did it well. I just have to remember to give it enough thread to start out with.  The video that the Michley put up on youtube helped."
It's as simple as that. It stopped working after 5 minutes. The stitching from the top would not feed and interlock with the bobbin feed.
This product isn't very ggod. It is fine to sew a hem or something very simple. If you want to say....sew a collar on? It won't work. It jams and is very small compared to other machines. Disappointing.
First time sewer. This is a great size with super easy instructions. I hem and repair a number of things and I have taken on quite a few pinterest projects.
"I know a thing or two about sewing machines and this one seemed to work out well for the first few times I used it. Then the bobbin spinner at the bottom kept getting jammed, so I took it apart, made sure everything was clear, put it back together and it worked fine a few more times. Then it did the same thing again only this time I cannot get it to clear the needle at all. I think this machine will work well if you are just hemming something, but if you are trying to make projects from it, forget it. I made a Halloween costume, a toddler shirt and hemmed one curtain before this thing went kaput!"
"I bought this machine a year or so ago... It works fine, skips a stitch here and there, but fine for hemming pants.  I think I've hemmed about 10 pairs or so over the few years I've had it.  It's why I didn't buy a more expensive machine.  Now, something's wrong with it and it won't sew.  Not sewing isn't a good thing for a sewing machine."
This is my first sewing machine.  It was super easy to use and it is not a big bulky machine that I have to try to figure out.  Very Simple and Easy to Use.  Exactly what I was looking for!!
"I love this sewing machine. I'm very glad I got it. Comes with 100 pc thread, etc kit and power scissors. Many colors of bobbins already wound and ready to go. Quite a few decorative stitches to easily switch to."
I got more than what I expected I truly thought the sewing machine was small but no it's an awesome great size brand new and the price no one can beat that! I'm just so excited and can't wait to see my daughters face on christmas shes wanted a sewing machine for the past year and this seller made it happen with such a great price THANK YOU!! 2 thumbs up A+++++ highly recommend!
"I have had some problems with the thread coming out or it not stitching properly, but I was sewing through two layers of canvas. This is a great little machine though, especially for quick fix projects! Definitely worth the cost and then some."
"After reading the reviews on at least 50 portable sewing machines, I was convinced this machine was the best choice. I bought this machine as a gift for a friend who sews many things but was going on a trip to a place without a sewing machine. She was very impressed until the bobbin and the needle stopped synchronizing. Boo. I returned the machine, but instead of asking for a refund, I asked for a replacement and kept the machine myself. Watching her put the machine through test after test of its capabilities, I was super-duper impressed. I will take my chances that I won't have the same bad luck with the bobbin. I only use the machine for mending about once a month, but I adore it and I'm amazed at the fabrics it handles and the versatility of stitches. I store it in an old handbag on a shelf. Its very small size, light weight and great price made it perfect for me. If not for the bobbin experience on the first machine, I'd give it a five."
"Pretty dissapointed, it worked only once and I had to send it back. At first it looked well made but after trying to fix my son's shirt, i notice the needle wasn't catching the bottom thread. I thought it was the needle but it still wasn't working. Then I thought it was maybe the tightness and i changed it but still nothing changed. I had my sewing teacher looked at it and she told me it wasn't normal."
"My Granddaughter been begging for me to let her sew now this Christmas she will get her wish , its the perfect size for a 7 yr old girl and don't look like toy machine what so ever she will be trilled this Christmas."
"I am very pleased with this little sewing machine, I had and sold a small Brother that was supposed to be easy to use.(NOT). I just wanted a simple easy to use basic machine. the Lil sew & sew really is just what I needed and sew-far no problems. It came with threaded bobbons and the needle already threaded, so I got my pockets sewed back and the cuffs on my jeans fixed. Thanks for a great little machine So-far:Larry  PS, I can't believe what you get for such a resonalbe price"
"I bought this sewing machine thinking I didn't need a big, expensive one since I don't sew very often. However, when I got it, I was pretty disapointed. First of all, I guess I didn't realize what a ""compact"" sewing machine is. It's TINY. Second, it's almost entirely made of plastic. Which makes it light, but also makes it feel cheap and fragile. The foot petal is tiny and I kept thinking I would break it. Third, it sews very slow, even plugged in. This may be good for a very new beginner, like a child. Fourth, it doesn't sew in reverse very well using a straight stitch, and doesn't sew in reverse at all using any of the other stitches. Fifth, it doesn't do buttonholes, which wasn't mentioned in the product description.

All in all, I was very hopeful since the reviews were mostly positive, and there was some user pictures. I was, however, pretty disappointed when it arrived. I guess I will keep looking; I decided to return this machine.

If you sew more often than once a year and have ever used a full sized, regular sewing machine, I would recommend holding out til you could afford a better one, or keeping your eye out for someone selling one."
"I was surprised to find that the instruction book was so small, hard to read and left much to be desired in the sense that it was not clearly written and gave poor instruction even when poor photos were available to reference to.  I also found it frustrating that the mention to parts on the machine were not labeled on any photo.
The machine is a nice light weight, but wants to move around as you use it, the foot pedal is very touchy at times and stubborn at others.  I find the presser foot is not well adjusted to do lightweight fabrics, does not grab any fabrics well enough without assistance. At times, it is easier to manually turn the wheel to do the sewing without using the power to move things along since the fabric needs to be fed through to do the line of sewing.
This machine is a huge disappointment."
"This sewing machine is the biggest hunk of garbage in the universe. Everyone who is writing anything about this other than ""it's terrible"" is lying to you. It has two speeds - light speed and ludicrous speed. It is impossible to work with. Everything moves so fast that the needles snap in two and project shrapnel and if the threads don't tear mid-stitch, the needles come un-threaded from the unforgiving momentum of this tiny piece of garbage.

If you hate someone - buy them this for Christmas."
"i learned to sew the weekend the lil sew and sew machine arrived and was able to complete my fancy dog crate cover that weekend with ease.  setup and ramp up was super fast.  definitely an excellent buy!  i love how compact it is --- a little taller than a shoe box, so it won't take up too much space when not in use.  the crate cover i made consisted of flannel and quilted canvas fabric. the lil sew and sew had no problem powering through double-lock seams!  i can't wait to tackle more sewing projects around the house!"
"This is a good sewing for small jobs.  That is what was meant for.  If you want to big jobs like quilts, use a bigger machine."
"I ORDERED THIS FOR MY DAUGHTERS BIRTHDAY, WE OPENED AND PLUGGED IT IN (ALSO ADDED THE REQUIRED BATTERIES) AND THE MACHINE DID NOT WORK!!!!  I CALLED AND EMAIL THE MANUFACTURE AND THEY TOLD ME I WOULD HAVE TO PAY FOR SHIPPING TO HAVE IT FIXED AND PAY FOR ALL LABOR FOR THE REPAIR.  I EXPLAINED THAT I SHOULD NOT HAVE TO PAY FOR IT AS I HAVE NEVER GOTTEN TO USE IT, THEY STATED IF THIS PART OR THAT PART IS BROKEN THEY WILL NOT FIX IT AT ALL AND I WOULD BE RESPONIBLE STILL FOR THEIR TIME, FOUND THAT FUNNY SINCE ONCE AGAIN !! IT HAS VER BEEN USED!!!  THE COMPANY STATED THEY WOULD SEND ME A SHIPPING LABEL TO SHIP IT FOR FREE, THAT WAS TWO WEEKS AGO AND STILL I HAVEN'T RECEIVED ANYTHING.
I ORDER FROM AMAZON.COM ALL  THE TIME AND THIS IS THE FIRST TIME I HAVE HAD PROBLEMS.  I NOW HAVE A LIL SEW & SEW AS A DOOR STOP BECAUSE I CAN'T RETURN IT AND THE COMPANY WON'T FIX (UNLESS I PAY THEM AN OUTRAGOUS AMOUNT OF MONEY, WHICH I'M SURE WILL TOTAL MORE THAN I BOUGHT THE DARN THING FOR).  STILL VERY UPSET, AND WHAT A DISAPOINTMENT TO MY DAUGHTER WHO WAS SO VERY EXCITED TO BE ABLE TO SEW WITH MOM.  SAVING UP AGAIN TO BUY HER ONE FOR CHRISTMAS MAYBE--ONE THAT ACTUALLY WORKS THIS TIME!!!"
"I'm not experienced with sewing on a machine -- in fact, I haven't done it since middle school! But my daughter wanted me to make her a poodle skirt for her school swing dance competition, so I thought, ""why not?"" This little machine worked great! All the different stitches worked (not that I needed them). The written instructions could be better, but the online videos were good enough to get me started. The inadequate written instructions are the reason I rated the machine a 4 and not a 5. The first time I sewed, the thread came off the needle, but I adjusted the tension so that the arrow was right on the correct number and it worked great. Wound the bobbin fine. Sewed the whole skirt without losing or breaking the thread once. Very pleased with this product."
"I ordered this machine a few days ago for a small project I didn't want to hand sew. After trying to get it to work for over an hour now, it simply will not sew. Neither the foot pedal, nor the switch on the machine will even cause the needle to move. And it's not a bad power supply like the manual says, I can hear the engine running, it's just not doing anything. I don't know if my machine is just a dud, but I'm definitely regretting this purchase right now and will be sending it back to amazon immediately."
This is a great little machine for small projects.  I bought it to make small tailoring adjustments in my clothing.  Works great.
"I was looking for something really simple to work with, so i ordered this machine from amazon, what a waste of my money? this was a dissappointment, the machine will not work on any fabric except the little piece of fabric that it came with. I am very dissappointed with it. Its a waste of money expect you are planning on using it on a very thick fabric bcos it won't work on my cotton fabric."
"I have been sewing for most of the last 50 years, and have worked with many different machines.  For the past decade my favorite machine is a wonderful 1901 hand-cranked Singer.  However, with my latest venture in teaching sewing I needed a small modern machine that I can take with me to clients' homes.

This little machine is perfect for that purpose.  It is small, sturdy but light, and has a solid feeling of quality.  It has all the necessary functions for a modern machine, including a bobbin winder, 8 different stitch types, a light, and reverse lever.  There is a foot pedal as well as an automatic sew button with two speeds.  It runs on a regular power cord as well as with batteries.

My criticisms are few but may be meaningful for purchasers.  The manual is a bit thin on instructions, relying largely on photos that are not all that helpful.  The foot pedal is small, light, and never seems to stay in one place, making it harder to use.  However, the auto-sew button is not much help either, since the OFF position is in the center.  When I want to stop I am just as likely to over push and end up going very fast instead.

Another concern is that the spool holder only has space for small to medium thread spools.  The commonly used large spools will not fit, so hang onto the small spools as they become empty.  You may have to wind them by hand if you have no other source for thread in the correct color.

With these points in mind I can say that this is certainly NOT a machine for a child.  Even an adult novice should be wary, although for the price this is a far safer purchase over the bigger, more expensive models."
"For small repairs and hand crafts. It's very easy to assemble and quite easy to operate, even for people who don't know much about sewing. I believe I made a fine choice here!"
"I don't usually write reviews, but i'll make an exception for this little machine; I see a lot of people unhappy with it, and honestly, if you are a newbie at this (like me) you need to take the time to do some research, learn very well how it works, be patient! i had to buy a book and watch a few videos so i could use it properly, it takes EFFORT and DETERMINATION people!!
 After all the info i gathered, i realized i made the right choice, this little monster has a drop-in bobbin (wich is great if you don't know how to wind it, you can just buy a new one every time, they cost like 50 cents).The foot pedal is great (it feels like you are driving to sewing heaven!)The variety of the stitches are perfect, you don't really need those fancy ones (like the overlocking, honeycomb etc) if you are a beginner.
Watch the video on youtube,it is not very good, but you get an idea how to make it work (they should have shown how to wind the bobbin, i had to figure it out by myself).
 Finally, i recommend this book is call S.E.W SEW EVERYTHING WORKSHOP,it is very complete, and it walks you thru all the sewing secrets and must knows, again, this mini sewing machine is a mean and complete little buddy, i'm very very happy with it :)"
"This lil' guy does just what it should: sew. Nice, compact design with a LED light that illuminates your work. Nice touch. The instruction manual seems to have been translated and/or poorly written by someone whose primary language is not English. It's not overly terrible but some places can leave you scratching your head. The machine is easy enough to figure out (even by a complete novice like myself). There is a tray for storing little bits and goodies, but don't expect to keep too much more than 2 small spools of thread and a couple bobbins in there.

If you want a compact sewing machine that does what you'd expect a compact sewing machine to do, at this price it's a steal.

Update 12/05/2012: This machine can be frustrating, but take your time and you can figure out how to sew quite a few things. Try different thread tensions for different thickness, and practice a lot. Very easy to not sew in a straight line. Would be nice if the foot pedal was more sensitive for better speed control."
"My 11 year old Daughter wanted to start sewing and I have never touched a sewing machine in my life. I read some reviews about the machine and thought we would give it a try. It took us 20 minutes to figure out how to thread it, and use it. We watched a few of the youtube videos and read through the manual. We just finished up hemming a pair of my workout pants. This machine is amazing! Its light weight, small and the handle is perfect for carrying back and forth from sewing classes. It sews through jean material easy and is so simple to use. This will work great in our camper when traveling. I highly recommend it for beginners! Can't say enough good things about it!"
"This was a sewing machine my wife bought, but after trying to stitch together two pieces of cloth of medium thickness, she realized this machine can only do the least demanding, most simple of jobs.  I do not recommend it to anyone who is going to do anything beyond the most simple of sewing jobs."
tHIS PRODUCT WAS VERY EASY TO USE AND DID THE JOB THAT I WANTED IN NO TIME AT ALL. I RECOMEND THIS FOR BEGGINERS OR FOR THOSE THAT JUST WANT A REFRESHER COURSE
Nothing special but better than the $ 25 models...gets the job done and way better than doing it by hand. Great for little fixes and small projects.
"The pro about this item that it arrived in under 48 hours from ordering, with super-saver shipping. I was SO thrilled to get it early. Alas, life is busy as a wife, mom and photographer, so it had to wait for me to give it any attention for about a week. Yesterday I finally had no obligations and decided to start getting to know my lil sew & sew at about 940am. I know how to sew, however, I haven't done so or used a machine since 7th or 8th grade (I'm now 30). Many reviews said this was a great machine to start on, etc, etc...so I ignored the lower reviews and bought it and figured it would jog my memory as I went. I wanted to start on simple stuff, quick easy things before I decided to invest in a larger bigger named machine. So, out of the box it already had a ""test strip"" showing each of the stitches, and I did a few passes on it just to play with it since the fabric was already there. Ok, it seemed to work nicely. So I took out the fabric, cut the threads and got started. I first watched the video on the machine's website, which let me tell you, is TERRIBLE! It's quiet, they don't speak but put ""captions"" at some of the points and they just go thru the basics. It's a really poorly done home video, that in and of itself screams a cheap product. Who doesn't speak in a tutorial video???? Plus their in-box user manual was garbage too. Just watered down basics. Luckily I deciphered the gist of threading the thread and bobbin from it, (didn't have to wind a bobbin b/c they provided one pre-wound) but it took a great deal of time as I had to revert to other websites on basic sewing for other pointers since they decided details weren't necessary. Finally I had it threaded EXACTLY the way it should have and went for a line on two pieces of scrap. Here's were it all went to hades. The needle would go up and down a few fleeting times, the fabric would not move, the threads would catch and bunch, the needle would get stuck, and the machine would stall out. I had to start over and re-thread, double checking everything, and try again. And thus was the experience until 2pm. Same thing over and over. Bunch, stuck, start over. (It made a line once without sticking but skipped threads like a boss.) I'd adjust the tension here and there, checked the needle, but nothing made a difference. 5 hours of my life I'll never get back, basically. There was no other help guides or troubleshooting from the product company or other people in general. This is the generation of video, people love teaching other people. No public video references for this machine was a bad omen to me. If I had just had some sort of reference as to what was going on, was my tension wrong for the material? Was the material wrong for the machine? Was the bobbin poorly wound? Did the needle need replacing? (I would have thought the needle didn't need replacing since it supposedly had lost it's virginity on the included ""test"" scrap, but who knows with this one!) So I put in for my return, printed off the prepaid amazon return shipping label, packaged it up and shipped it off immediately. At one point I thought maybe I could contact the company for help and advice, but I was so put off by their tutorial video and lack of details within it that I didn't think anything they would tell me was going to please me, that they've already wasted so much of my time, I decided a return was the only way to make this situation right for me. Luckily amazon is great and you can return things with ease. So, while I implore you to look elsewhere for a starter sewing machine, if somehow the other reviewers con you into it like they did me, at least you know you can try it risk free.  I would not recommend this machine.  I gave two stars because I feel this machine probably works fine given the correct amount of information to the user. The only way I would try it again, would be if someone paid me to and offered a thorough user guide. What a shame."
"<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Michley-LSS-505-Lil-Sew-Sew-Multi-Purpose-Sewing-Machine-with-Built-In-Stitches/dp/B0021L9322/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Michley LSS-505 Lil' Sew & Sew Multi-Purpose Sewing Machine with Built-In Stitches</a>&nbsp;I was excited when I had this sewing machine shipped to my sister.  She resides in an assisted living facility and I knew she would be thrilled.  She used the product for the first time today. She called me and was very upset, and went on to tell me what happened. She said she plugged in the machine,the light kept going on and off and the machine wasn't working. My sister is an old hand with sewing machines but to be sure she was indeed using the machine correctly, she asked her neighbor to check it out.  Her neighbor said she was doing everything correctly but she noticed that the machine was hot.  She went to unplug it and as she did so she noticed a bubble in the plastic of the plug that was about to give. I feel sick when I think about what could have happened to the residents in that facility!"
"Not worth 42$, it does what it say, but is very frustrating and would compare it to the singer stitch and sew or whatever its called. This item is horrible and I wish I could get a full refund. I'm not about pay for postage and shipping! It trys but fails, the stiches skip, leaving clothes with holes where it missed a stitch. The pedal is pretty much just one speed, and not nessesary. When its pluged in it stays on. And will work with the slow and fast buttons. Trust me this machine will have you ripping out your hair and yelling at people."
"I received this yesterday and had been so excited.  Imagine my surprise when I opened the  box to find a thread already loaded (as well as the two it says it comes with in a bag) and a piece of material already under the needle with what looked like a sample of the different stitches!

I complained to amazon and they are sending me another on Tuesday.  What this space....."
"Excellent for minor jobs and repairs.  Having never used a sewing machine before, I was skeptical about purchasing one to save the money spent at the dry cleaners or a tailor for the small repairs or alterations.  Simple to use and convenient for repairs needed right away."
"This machine do not work was garbage
is in the dumster now no thank for future order
What do you want me to do i said i did not like it"
"I have never used a sewing machine before in my life. So I wanted something cheap and small that I can learn on and also hem some curtains. This little thing has exceeded all of my expectations! I love it. Are my curtains perfect...no. But hey I'm still learning. They are shorter though! And they look pretty good in my opinion. I would definitely recommend this sewing machine to anyone that doesn't want to spend a lot of money, but wand something that works."
"My machine worked great for about two days, then it kept acting up. The bobbin kept getting thrown out of place which in turn kept tangling my fabric & thread."
"I'm a beginning sewer and bought this machine as I thought it would be easy to use, inexpensive (in case I decided I didn't like sewing enough to continue) and basic enough with few knobs and controls to be intimidating. I was very frustrated the first few days because my thread constantly broke before I really got into each project. After I overcame that problem I was pleased at the progress I was making with small projects like sewing hems and shortening sleeves. Then the machine started to jam, again and again and again...This was after a week of use. All the fabrics I used were thin to average thickness cotton types so that was not the issue. I tried replacing with different brands of thread and adjusted the tension. Also, not the problem. The needle was intact and not bent or broken. I contacted customer support at Tivax and they sent me a very nice, long email within a couple hours that was very detailed. (Customer service was great and I found this encouraging.) Most of the advice I had already tried but I still attempted every suggestion on their list. Nothing worked and I was so frustrated and demoralized by being defeated by a machine that I broke down in tears and thought my skills were just too bad to be good at sewing. My husband is a mechanical person so I had him try the machine. For an hour he played with the machine and didn't sew more than a couple stitches without it jamming. Now at this point I knew it was not a question of skill but poor equipment.
Finally, I went to their website and watched their troubleshooting video on the most commonly experienced problem which could be fixed by unscrewing the machine and repositioning the bobbin holder. [...] This worked for a couple days and there were no problems. I thought ""Victory! I don't have to return this machine."" Well, now it has gone back to jamming again and the stitches look horrible. I've tried playing around with the tension but the stitches look so poor that I'm embarrassed to wear any of the clothes I've worked on. I tried my mother's 1940s era Singer (which has only jammed once ever) and immediately noticed how smoothly it ran, how quiet the machine was, and how great the stitches looked. I thought I could keep this machine for basic mending and get a higher quality machine for sewing from patterns. Well, naturally after jamming and unjamming the machine, my thread soon ran out. I tried using standard size thread but it won't stay on the machine or rotate, becomes tangled, and the cap won't stay on. So it proceeded to jam MORE and that put an end to thinking I would keep this for mending even. Why the company would sell a machine that is only capable of using half-size thread when they don't even sell replacement thread on their website is beyond me. I thought maybe I could use the empty thread spool and wind the thread from the full-size thread spool onto the smaller spool using the bobbin winder. That too jammed and was a messy, failed experiment.
Even though this has been a frustrating experience I learned a few things:
1) This machine looks identical to the Singer Pixie, which has received horrible reviews. I've been trying to discover if they are made by the same company but can find no further information. I should have paid more attention.
2) To be able to continue using this machine I would have to either use small thread (emergency sewing kit small) or transfer the thread to a bobbin in place of a spool.
3) It's not worth keeping a crappy machine even for basic hems etc. as the stitches look so poor that I prefer to hand sew them instead, as they turn out neater and the experience is less painful.
4) Even if you are new to sewing it doesn't pay to go cheap with your equipment. My original reasoning was that I didn't want to spend a lot of money on a machine that would accumulate dust in my basement if I disliked sewing. Going cheap becomes like a self-defeating prophecy because you become so frustrated by the machine's lack of capability that you take it personally and give up. Thus, now it MAY remain in my basement accumulating dust after all. Sewing on a quality machine showed me that good equipment can make things a pleasure while poor equipment turns fun into misery. I will probably continue sewing more seriously but I will either be using a vintage Singer or a new model Brother.
With shipping charges, I don't know if it's worth it to return the machine."
"I had heard amazing things about it, so I thought I would get one for myself since I needed one on the smaller side. It worked great at first I never had any problems with it, then after about a month it started having issues. I couldn't sew anything, every time I tried to the bobbin just ended up creating a HUGE knot in my fabric, and I can't seem to fix it. I wouldn't suggest this sewing machine to anyone."
"I have a full time job and a full time student who has intern at hospital 40hours a week, bought this machine to hem down shirts, pants and shirt that are too big even tho i wear a size 2. This is my first Sewing machine, I bought it two months ago and have not have any time to use it at all. I decide to use it last night to alter a pants and it did not finish sewing my pant than just quit working all together. It is too late to return it so I am SOL :-(, buy this item at your own risk. I have read all the bad review and wanted to chance it any ways but the bad review were true. I found that out the hard way"
"I bought this product for my 9 year old daughter. I was a little worried after reading some of the negative reviews, but for the price we decided to give it a try. As soon as she opened the box she was able to set it up on her own. She made a pair of shorts the same day. The machine worked great. It did take a while to get use to the speed of the foot pedal, it will just take some practice. We also had to adjust the tension a little, other than that we had no problems. This is a perfect machine for beginners."
"This machine is terrible. Able to sew one portion of the project I was working on, after that, it kept knotting up the bottom bobbin thread with the top needle. I took it out and rethreaded it about 20 times, and still no luck. And the instruction manual is poorly written, and actually misses chunks of sentence. Not sure it it was ""lost in translation"" but, parts of it make no sense. I'm returning it and spending the money on something with a better reputation. Don't waste your money."
"I was a little disappointed in the machine because there is no place to oil it, that I can find, and I know if you do not oil a machine it will not last long.
Also, there is no way to move the needle to create a quarter inch seam by running the edge of the fabric along the side of the foot...for quilting."
I only needed a machine for lite sewing and do not have much storage space.  I ordered this little machine and really like it.  So far no problems.  I would recomend it for lite work but not for kids.
"One of my hobbies is rug braiding. Braiding the strips of fabric is easy and moves along quite fast. The slowest part of the process is adding a new piece to each strip. I have a wonderful sewing machine upstairs but it is not practical to use it for this project. I've been joining the ends with straight manual stitches and was finding it a hassle to stop so often to add new pieces. I thought about those hand stitching doohickeys I've seen but they don't seem like they would work and the reviews weren't that great. It occurred to me that a battery operated mini machine could be the way to go. I ordered it, received it quickly and opened it up ready to use it. There was a little swatch of fabric under the presser foot with some stitches that showed that the machine had been tested and was ready to use. I removed the swatch and placed my little cotton pieces under the needle. It ran a little hard and the stitches weren't perfect but I loved having the ability to bring the machine to my work and not the other way around. The second time I used the machine it ran even harder, you could tell that there was a little funkiness going on in the bobbin area. The third time, it gave up. It just stopped all together. There was unnatural movement going on there in the bobbin case. When I opened up the cover to check, I found a cheap plastic bobbin case that, in my mind, looked designed to fall apart. I hadn't expected a heavy duty, blue jean stitching workhorse of a machine but I did expect that it should have been able to join two pieces of cotton together without any problems! I sent it back, so its back to hand stitching for me..."
"This machine seems like a bargain but its uses are limited, winding bobbins on it is pain in the butt, and the assembly holding the needle and LED light repeatedly fall off. You might save some money buying this, but the aggravation of the poor and unreliable design are worth the $20 - $50 you'd pay for a better quality machine."
"do not waste money on this dump of plastic
1. drive motor disconnected from rest of machine
2. was broken upon turning on machine (engine only made sound)no movement
3. did not heed all the reviews
4. there is a 50/50 chance it is a faulty machine

*word of advise go with what some of the reviews say and get a singer or brother machine that is at least around 100 dollars or more*"
"I bought this so I could teach my kids to sew without them ruining my machine (o; So When I first got it I really gave it some good testing.
First I threaded it, it is pretty standard to a normal sewing machine, meaning you need to do it right. I also noticed that you need to use good thread (coats & clark dual duty XP or gutterman, ect.) the cheap thread they sell at walmart could cause problems with breakage or tension.
Second it does not have a regular sewing foot,  you cannot change it to a standard foot. There is a way to take it off so if it breaks I'm sure you could call the company and get a replacement.
Third I sewed. I first did regular fabric and it sewed very nicely. Then I tried 4 layers of linen fabric, it sewed great. I then tried 9 layers of the same linen fabric and it went though without a hiccup. I tried 2 layers of felt, the regular crafting kind, and it still sewed great. I then tried some t-shirt material, jersey knit and it does not sew that at all so do not buy if you are going to be sewing any stretchy fabric.

If you want to do small projects like mending or piecing quilts (not actually quilting just sewing the pieces) this machine should work well.
I will try to include pictures of my sewing samples."
This mini sewing machine is excellent. I bought it to teach my daughter how to sew and was concerned to not buy anything that would stop working after two tries. You can tell this machine is of good quality for being a mini machine and has some power to it. I am very happy with my purchase of this specific machine.
"i got this little sewing machne a few weeks back, and finally used it on the 4th of july.  i made a simple top and a  coordinating skirt, and the result was awesome!  the lil sew & sew just chugged along like a champ!  i was very impressed.  for the price, you can't go wrong.  i don't understand the negative reviews -- maybe operator error.  i highly recommend the machine -- just be smart and thread it properly!"
Although little it was able to sew through several layers of thick material. Could do anything our bigger sewing machine could do without the bigger price tag. Has a little  drawer to hold all your bobbins and thread. Has 8 different stitches and a reverse to hold in the stitch. You will be as pleased as punch to get this either for your child or yourself.
"I also purchased this sewing machine because it was compact and looked easy to use. It came with a lot of extras, which was great. Very first time using the machine the tension kept messing up. The stitching wasn't consistent. I have only ""attempted"" using it 2 other times. I tried every stitch and EVERY one either got jammed up or skipped. AWFUL!!! I am looking for a better one even if I have to pay a lot more for it. I know it will be worth it. I should have known better then to buy one that was so cheap. (Also, the thread that comes with it is terrible. It frays and gets fuzzy). Look for a different machine!!"
"This is a cheap sewing machine with a few different settings. I do not think it can do buttonholes, it's a little frail so I wouldn't use it on really tough fabric, and the base is a little too wide to do sleeves easily. I have not had it long so I cannot attest to its durability.

That said, it's inexpensive and can do simple sewing no problem. Exactly what I was looking for."
"As soon as I opened it, I used it right away. It works so perfectly. It's cute and small yet still has many of the same qualities as a big 300 dollar machine. And it's very portable which I love cause I'll be using it when I go to school. I'm soooooo excited now. The product turned out to be better than I expected!"
"I'm very pleased with this purchase. All I wanted was a cheap little sewing machine to make seams in craft projects. I was not interested in a complicated, expensive computerized gizmo. For $40 I got exactly what I expected, exactly what I wanted. I pulled it out of the box-it was threaded and ready to go-I plugged it in and started sewing."
"I bought one and it came defective. So I returned the product and they sent me another, and this time came with another defect. I recommend you guys buy a machine and quoted. Belive me, This machine is too bad."
"This is my first sewing machine. Never used any before. With the price I purchased, I was expecting a toy like machine. However, it's better than I expected. foot paddle helped a lot. I was able to fix minor clothes problems like loose stitches and length adjustment. Works great for a beginner like me.
The first ten minutes were painful-I changed the bobbin and the threads starts clumping and machine stopped working. Then I realized, the thread has to go through needle hole from ""front to back""(pull away from you). Problem fixed and worked like magic. Gonna start my little craft projects."
"So far I have made two small crafts. The machine did have the thread breaking on me 1/3 though my first project, even after adjusting the tension. I then switched to the manual instead of the footplate and it broke maybe two more times at first but then hasn't really broke since. I don't know if it takes a little bit to adjust being used or if was user error. I haven't tried to use the footplate again but maybe next time I will try. I did have trouble going through 4 layers of fabric so it probably wouldn't do well with denim or similar thicknesses. I'm loving it so far for the price. If you are just starting to use a machine like me or just want to do small crafts, this seems to be a good bet. However, it does not do buttons so you'd have to move up in price for that. It does come with a manual as well as a online video."
"Poor quality.  The machine stopped working after sewing about 12"".  I would not recommend this machine for even light sewing projects."
"I am an avid sewer and I got this machine for my six year old daughter so she could sew with me.  It is perfect for her.  It is small and light so she can easily carry it around.  The foot pedal is nice and doesn't run too fast so it doesn't scare her.  It is a bit complicated for her to thread the needle herself, but I'm sure she'll learn.  This would also be a great machine for an adult learning to sew or to do light crafts.  I also like the fact that it has different stitch settings to choose from.  All in all - a great little machine!"
"I wanted a small machine for some basic sewing I was doing to make ""unpaper"" towels and this was MORE than adequate.  I didn't have any problems threading it, in fact it's the easiest machine I've ever thread and isn't tricky at all as people suggest.  I feel like even the most novice of sewers could figure this out; I didn't have to read the instructions one bit. I love the machine!  I went through two spools of my own thread (yes 2!) and I only had a few minor stopping points that were all related to user error.  The bobbin is really easy to replace, the thread is easy to replace, I had no problems with jamming, etc.  This sewed like a champ through 2 layers of terry cloth + 2 layers of flannel when I was doing corners and just flew right through the 1 terry + 1 flannel layers. I'm sure this could sew  jeans just fine, and definitely could sew other clothing items.  If you're new at sewing and don't know what you're doing this machine should be pretty forgiving but it doesn't hurt to freshen up on your knowledge a bit as most problems people describe with this machine are in fact user error of some kind.  Don't expect this to be a fancy Singer and you'll love it.  I'll be using this over and over again for my projects!"
The Michley LSS-505 Lil' Sew & Sew Multi-Purpose Sewing Machine with Built-In Stitches is amazing! Neither my daughter nor I have ever sewed before. I had a older heavy duty sewing machine I bought but it was just so complicated and way to hard for us to figure out. This one is simple. My daughter who is 12 made a pillow as soon as we opened it with no problems what so ever.
I bought this item and it took over a week to get here and i open it and plug it in and it just starts going and didn't stop unless i unpluged it.  I don't think any one should buy this item bexause it SUCKS! P.S. it is VERY small!
"This sewing machine is basically limited to its function ability, it has lack of power to accomplish what a sewing machine is designed for, nether words you would be better off ditching our sewing by hand and using this machine. No tension and only designed to use their thread, nether words, you can buy spools of thread's in the store that'll work on this machine."
"I've watched my mom sewing up a storm when I was little, but have never actually used a sewing machine myself.  Finally decided I would give it a try, and purchased this guy based on the good reviews here.
The machine came ready to use right out of the box.  It was threaded and good to go.  I was able to plug it in and start sewing within one minute of unwrapping it, and without even reading the manual.
They do have helpful videos on their website, and the manual describes how to set everything up as well.  So far, the only problem I have encountered is with the thread breaking, and I suspect that has something to do with tension.  I haven't yet figured out how to remedy the situation, so for now, I just re-thread the machine anytime the thread breaks off, and continue.
I have hemmed several curtains and sewn cushion covers for my couch so far, and the machine has been great.  For the cushion covers, it was able to sew through four layers of medium-weight cotton.
All in all, I'm very happy with this machine.  It's great for beginners, and allows you to learn the basics.

UPDATE --------------

I've owned this sewing machine for two years now, using it about once a month, and it finally broke!
The shuttle hook is what gave out (it's located under the bobbin holder).  It's made of plastic, so it was only a matter of time until it wore down, I guess.  As a result, the machine would only stitch 1-2 stitches, and then would stall, leaving a big wad a thread on the underside of the fabric.

I didn't even bother trying to get this fixed.  Instead, I upgraded! Loving my new Singer machine :)"
I DO NOT KNOW WHAT ALL THE NEGITAVE COMMENTS ARE ABOUT. THIS THING WORKS SUPER! NO PROBLEMS HERE.I RUN A SMALL BUISNESS AND COULD NOT ASK FOR SOMETHING SO EASY TO USE AND I AM A MAN.
"this is not a very fancy sewing machine but for the price its good, and if u have smal tasks to do then its a good buy but if u want to sew shirts trousers etc then that will be difficult on this."
"I really like my sewing machine, it help me a lot, good price, I already enjoying my sewing machine is
great size is easy to put and take any where and work fantastic. I am really glad with this buy.

Thanks ."
"there is no manual to use this machine. It is very hard to deal with it. The first time I used, the sew get out and i could not even put it agai. i `m not sure if I put in the garbage or what."
Waste product. Worked only for 5 days. After that not working at all. Don't buy it. Waste of money and time. Very bad product.
"Maybe this machine is a lemon. Maybe it's just so cheaply made that it's hopeless.
I have two faults to find with it:
1. It sews, but the thread keeps breaking. And I am using quality (Mettler) thread.
2. The tension control barely works. Even at the maximum setting, the tension was off. At the minimum setting, it was not much different.
I bought this as a cheap portable to take to sewing classes in another state. It's too horrible even for minimal use."
"I purchased the Michley LSS-505 Lil'Sew and Sew Multi-Purpose sewing machine for my granddaughter. Threading the needle is very awkward and therefore, I have to do it - I hope that she will eventually feel comfortable enough(she is 71/2) to do it herself. Also, if you place the control on either slow or fast, it sews by itself - not great for a beginner. I am not sure if she has gotten turned off - I hope not. After all these seemingly negative remarks, I have to say that it does sew very well. She was able to make a small, leather dress for a Native American doll."
"We bought this machine because it was cheap.  I was looking for a machine with a ""fast-slow"" option for helping my kids learn how to sew.  I am an experienced seamstress, but my machine goes way to fast for my kids to be able to learn to sew on.  After sewing with this a few times, the stitching is pulling funny and does not sew well.  We've given up trying to use it...and keep in mind that I have experience keeping machines working well.  Also the feed-dogs under the presser foot are located so far back that it doesn't start to feed the fabric under the foot until it's well past the needle...this is a problem if you want to get a smooth start on your seam."
"Purchased this and battled with it for a week before it mercifully broke. I then bought a Singer Basic, which is admittedly twice the price (but still under $100.00). Almost worth blowing 40 bucks just so I could appreciate the difference. If you are thinking of even the most basic sewing projects, please spend the extra money and buy an entry level machine from Brother or Singer. I can't even advise that you buy this machine even for occasional repairs, since I doubt it will stitch through denim or other heavy fabric."
"This is a cute, yet functional little machine.  It's sturdy and small.  It's perfect for the not so gregarious seamstress.  If you are not familiar with threading the machine and filling the bobbins, visit the website and watch the video; [...].  Easy to use."
"I bought this for my 9 year old grandaughter. After several sewing lessons with her I realize I am doing her a disservice to teach her the joys of sewing on this poorly made machine. It's so light weight it will not stay in place while sewing, it's sluggish and stitches are sometimes irregular because the tension is not right. Very dissappointed with it in general."
"Wow!! I'm surprised by how well it works!! I myself was a little afraid because of all the negative reviews I read at first, but I needed an easy mini sewing machine for sewing costumes or fixing clothing and I decided to take a leap of faith and I'm glad I did!! This machine is amazing~! So happy I got it, it's easy to use and learned to sew with it in 30 minutes. I was so happy haha, I really recommend this just have a little patience for it if it seems frustrating :) I assure you it'll pay off!

Also this works really well with most fabric, however it can't do heavy duty so if the fabric is too thick (depending on fabric) it won't sew well and will get tangled."
"I don't understand why this product has so many bad reviews. This is an amazing sewing machine that just needs to be threaded correctly to work. I'd admit that the manaul that comes with the sewing machine is a bit confusing, but the instructional video helps a lot. So many people assume that just because the sewing machine is little, that it is meant for young children. I am 13 years old and got this product for Christmas and I even poked myself with the needle a few times and came close to breaking it. I would reccomend this product to ages 10+.
Each stitch is great, thread tension works properly. The only flaw I can think of is how difficult it is to find proper sized thread for this machine. Other than that, it is perfect and deserves a 5 out of 5 star rating."
"I purchased this machine for my 10-year-old granddaughter to learn how to sew.  We loved it coming out of the box....perfect size, weight and look.  At first it worked fine, but then the bobbin thread broke.  I've been sewing for 50 years and could not get the bobbin re-threaded. (The needle could/would not pick up the thread.)

Watched the online video mentioned in the instruction manual.  No help.  Called the company for help but the man who answered could barely speak English and didn't grasp what a bobbin was so he suggested that I write the company. I told him that I would send an email, but, four weeks later I still have not heard from them, which doesn't matter because I boxed the machine up and sent it back to Amazon.com.

You get what you pay for. Still looking for a nice introductory machine for Hannah.  Think I'll stick with Singer."
"I've been sewing off and on for decades. As a guy, I got into it for reenactment costuming originally (back when you had to make it to participate), and outdoors gear has been a large part of my experience as well. Given this experience base, I am generally far less interested in fancy stitching than I am in even, no snag, straight lines.

This little sewing machine- within its limits-  does a very good job of doing even straight stitches on lighter fabrics. Sewing- which is what it is supposed to do, and all it is supposed to do.

We got this machine for our young daughter, who is a bit scared of the 1960s cast iron and steel high speed Singer we use around the farm. We originally got one of the child oriented chainstitch machines, but it's impossible to maintain the tension as the plastic tension holding parts are... well, plastic. They change shape, that's the meaning of plastic. Plus, they don't have enough mass or power to realistically do even a dinnner napkin.

This machine is neither too fast, nor too slow, is easy to operate, and works smoothly enough for elementary school age projects like jumpers, napkins, tops and dresses. I would in no way attempt to replace a zipper on a tent with it, but it's not for that purpose. For what we bought it for-- lightweight projects and teaching- it is amazingly more machine than any of the chain stitch machines in the under $50 category. And it's a real machine, not chainstitch!

You are not exempted from regular machine stitching needs and proper techniques- far from it. You will want to manually stitch throough heavy seam ends, you want to stop with the needle down, you want to figure out how to oil the machine. You need to hold a bit of tension on the thread ends and the beginning of a seam. But if you do the basics, this machine will do the job!"
"My more expensive sewing machine is in a storage unit fifteen hundred miles from where I now live.  Since I live in an RV, I thought this little machine would work for my sewing projects.  It took awhile to figure things out...this machine is not intuitive!  After an hour of thread breaking and jamming, I finally figured out the problem.  The manual was not as helpful as the You Tube video I found.  Turns out you have to thread these little guys EXACTLY one way.  Once that is accomplished, it works beautifully.  I made a pair of pajamas, a couple quilt squares and a jacket for my Chihuahua with it and was very pleased with the results.  The machine is small, compact and fits right into my RV lifestyle.  This little machine is great value for a small price.
I would have given five stars if instructions had been clarified and when I went to the video instructions included in the owner's manual I was informed that video was no longer available.  I stumbled over the You Tube video by accident and that prevented a return.  I've practiced with the different stitches and they all work fine.  The jacket for my dog was made of fleece, so no problem sewing through thicker fabrics, although I wouldn't recommend anything heavier.
All in all, very pleased."
This is the perfect sewing machine for beginners. I was able to start sewing right away. Even changing the thread & bobbin was simple. The only draw back is it doesn't come with a zipper foot & that's one reason why I needed a sewing machine. It didn't take long for me to get the hang of it.
"I ordered this machine because I needed a smaller lighter sewing machine for use in our RV. I have used it so far to sew a hem on a new shower curtain and it worked fine. I would not suggest attempting to use this machine for anything as complicated as making clothing but it is acceptable for the basic straight hem stitching or small jobs. I wish it had a zipper foot but it does not come with any accessories you would have on a larger machine. It is small and light and I like that it has a foot pedal. I have noticed a problem with the thread wrapping around the needle and causing it to hang up. This is easily fixed by unwrapping the thread or re-threading the needle if you encounter this issue. It is a good machine for somebody young just learning how a sewing machine works or if you already know and just want it for travel or small jobs. I can't recommend if for anything complicated or a really large or heavy job. After having used a full size Kenmore for years and having the interchangeable presser feet options on my old machine this one feels like a toy to me. However, it is a toy that got the shower curtain hemmed so I am not going to fuss much about it."
"I gave this to my granddaughter for Christmas, she was so excited, she is 9. We went material shopping, and she picked out material for a pillow, nice easy project, and on the first project the foot broke on the machine, very very disappointed."
"I purchased this machine because I wanted to make a few pillows. I have NO experience using a sewing machine. I took the machine to my mother's house and we made a day of it. She taught me how to use the machine and started a few projects. In her expert opinion the machine is not bad at all. She has been sewing since she was a kid and thought it was a pretty good buy. I'm giving this 4 out of 5 stars because while it is a great beginner machine, I found that you can only use it for small projects. You will need to purchase better thread than what comes with the machine. Do not use heavy fabric because the machine can't handle it. It works great for little projects or hemming pants. Over all I would absolutely purchase it again and recommend it to a friend."
"This is a good little machine that you can use for minor sewing and adjustments. The quality of the sewing are nice and strong. It is a little bit hard to start because the manual is very hard to understand. But other than that, it does what it suppose to do. Also it is very light so it is portable and you can bring it with you."
"We bought this as a gift for 9-year old daughter, and it has worked well on some of her project for her American girl doll and making clothes for her. My wife liked it so much she will probably use it for some of her own sewing. for the price it is a great value."
"I first bought Singer ""Easy Stitcher"" which was pretty good but bobbin compartment broke after 10 days and it went back to Amazon.  Still not wanting to invest a lot of money as I hadn't sewn in 40 years, I read all the Amazon Reviews on Lil' Sew & Sew machine.  I was shocked when it arrived.  It is a bit heavier than the Singer and it almost hums!!!  It is so much easier to operate and I seem to sew straighter with this machine.  There are also 8 different stitches to chose from and even on low speed, it goes fairly quickly.  I am so pleased and would recommend this to any novice ""seamstress"" like myself.  Yes, some day I will want a heavier duty machine but this machine is fine for me and very very well made.  Don't hesitate on this purchase."
"I too was skeptical about quality vs price but I ordered it anyway.

I just finished putting 30"" zippers into a pair of rain pants.

It was just super easy to use. Threading was simple. I didn't change anything 'out of the box' and it worked super. Broke the thread one time and it was my fault.

It even comes with a sewn piece of material that they used to check it out before shipping.....forward, reverse, needle lifting, no problem.

I didn't try any of the fancier stitches but I'm sure they will work as advertised.

Overall I am quite pleased with this purchase.

Nifty little machine for the price point."
"My mother sews, and when my 6 year old son goes to visit her, he loves to watch and learn. He asked for a sewing machine from santa, so he could sit and sew next to his ""Gammie"" during his visits. I purchased this one as I wanted a quality enough machine so he could really work it like his Gammie works hers. He LOVES it. We needed to watch the video to thread it, and my Mom used heavier thread because she felt the thread that came with it was too weak. He has made bean bags and worked on some quilting skills. My mom said it is just as good as hers - even better with the different stitching options. She said she highly recommends it for someone with little space who still wants a decent sewing machine. My son will now set it up and sew on his own. He knows every function of the machine and uses it as well as I could. It is amazing to watch him. My only wish is that it came with a case."
"I don't want to reveal my age, but I havn't used a sewing maching since I was in the 8th grade (a very long time ago).  The only complaints I have is that although the threading process is easy, it is very difficult to see.  I also have trouble getting the thread on my bobbins--it keeps going underneath and getting jammed.  I only wanted a basic machine as I am under 5 foot and need to hem everything, but your book instructions are confusing.  Overall, I think the machine is good; the user however has some issues."
"I love this sewing machine! It's so compact and small. Despite its size, it's sews strongly. Mine came ready to use with white thread. It came with three spools: two white and one black. One of the white spools was already threaded. There were also two bobbins of the same color. It came with a sample sewing fabric. I believe it's twill. It has eight different sewing patterns which is wonderful. Overall, it's a pretty good machine if you're into basic sewing."
"I notice that the tread spool is small and not the usual size that can be found at a store or used on a full size machine.  Can a normal size spool of thread be used or must it be the ""mini"" size spool?  If the machine can only take the ""mini"", where can that ""mini"" be bought?  I haven't purchased this item yet, so my review is only based on other reviews"
I enjoyed the products easy use and the help and relearning sewing. I taught my daughter and we are off to a great start. Will look into surges next from this machine will are now ready. If you are learning or relearning its a great machine does not take a lot of room but lets you learn at a great speed and try other thing with the easy of going back and review the new process. Good luck great sewing!!!!!!!
"This all came and it works great it is tiny and I love it. It doesn't take up a lot of room, the only thing that doesn't work is the foot pedal."
"This is a good little sewing machine for kids.  I bought this machine to teach my 6 year old to sew on.  She has a real interest in learing to sew but my machine is too big and intimidating.  This one is smaller and more appealing to her.  This one uses a spool and bobbin and makes regular stitches for a real sewing experience.  Most machines marketed for children make a chain stitch which I have found to be frustrating for frist time sewers.  The only drawback with this machine is that the foot pedal does not  have much speed control.  It seems to work at either medium or fast and I would prefer to have a slower option.  There is a two-speed button on the front for sewing without the foot pedal but rather than being low and high as it is marked, I would rate them as medium and high, much the same way that the foot pedal works.  I do like that this machine has several different stitch style options."
"I was hesitant to purchase this based on some of the reviews but in the end ultimately decided for the purpose of sewing a straight hem it might be worth it.  The machine is a nice, convenient size which I liked but I found it to be noisy, slow moving, and the foot pedal seemed more like a plastic toy.  I finally did get the bobbin & machine threaded but after a short while the thread got stuck inside and I could never get it out.  That's when I decided to return it.  This machine is worth more trouble than it costs.  Spend a bit more to get something more reliable and less frustrating.  Although...I could see this being a nice starting machine for a young girl/boy interested in sewing."
"Excelente producto, llego en buenas condiciones, todas las especificaciones que ofrecen para venderlo son las que el producto tiene, lo recomiendo 100%."
"I was skeptical when I took this out of the box and saw how little it was.  I have a full size machine, but got this for my daughter who is just learning how to sew.  I was happy to see that it has a fast and slop option.  It actually works well!  With one demo, my 10 year old was able to thread the machine, change stitches, and sew on a line.  She made a pouch for her iPod, a dress for her doll, and a pillow all in one day with no issues.  She needed little help.  I recommend this for beginners who don't need all the bells and whistles."
it is just so simply and easy to use! I can always just get it and have it set up in less than five minutes!
"I really dislike this machine.  It isn't hard to thread or anything, even though the instruction manual is sort of ambiguous...it's just way too sensitive.  The thread breaks constantly no matter what tension I use, and it doesn't seem to matter how I adjust it.

I have sewn before, didn't want to spend the money on a more expensive machine just to make drapes.  I'm returning this because it constantly breaks, and I think with all the time and frustration I've spent on this I could have just sewn the drapes by hand and they would look nicer.  I didn't even get to do the drapes, the thing broke so many times trying to just sew up one side of them."
"Bought this for my 9yr old daughter and she is very comfortable with it!  Nitpicks:  not the easiest to thread; lots of holes to maneuver, foot petal doesn't quite reach the floor - tight stretch, auto feature is difficult to start/stop while stitching. Otherwise, great starter sewing machine that is able to sew easy projects like pillows and simple hems."
"This sewing machine is perfect for little hands just starting out learning to sew.  My granddaughter, who is 7, made a pillow for her brother the first day.  She is so creative and was so proud of the creation she produced.  It goes without saying that adult supervision is required at all times."
"I bought this for my 7-year-old daughter for christmas. Wow, what a winner this gift was. It's a day later and she's made 3 pillows and 2 pillow cases. The machine is very intuitive and easy to operate and not difficult to get a project rolling at all.
For the price ($36 when I bought it I think), I was expecting cheaper quality in the build, but it's a sturdy little machine. It has a light, a handle and a very small drawer for bobbins and needles too, which I hadn't expected. I've sewn for years and this machine is impressive for its small size.
I'll update my review in a few months on how it is holding up, but it has given no problems at all thus far.

Jan. 23 update (after one month of using product):
I had to downgrade the product to 3 stars. We've started having issues with the thread getting caught up in the top side of the machine on something inside (can't tell what's going on because I can't open it to look.) The culprit could be the thread guide at the top (the plastic slit the thread runs through is very tight.)
My daughter is beginning to get frustrated because it seems like she's spending more time rethreading than sewing in the last week. Also the motor is sounding more... tortured is the only word I can think for it. It was a little loud to begin with but now it seems like it's laboring more, and it is definitely sewing slower. In order for my daughter not to get so frustrated that she looses her enjoyment of sewing, I think I'm going to let her start using my Kenmore machine soon, even though it's bigger."
"The machine is small, cute, easy to thread but the needle kept jamming and breaking on me.  I wish I would have opened the box sooner so I could return it.  I waited to longer to use the machine, now I'm stuck with a machine that does not and will never work."
"I used this product around 2 months after its arrival as it was not required before. Went throgh the manul provided with the machine and used the same. Its motor worked perfect for 5 minutes being used in smaal intervals of 20-30 seconds each.

After that the machine stopped working. It just does not work. Power is going to the machine, as its light can be switched on, but machine does not work. Now this is like a pice of junk that can be used in manual mode.

Chocie is yours, if you want to spend odd $30 for 5 minutes of usage. I will not buy this product again.

Regards."
"I don't know anything about this machine (but I know alot about sewing and machines), but for the fact the picture being shown is incorrect as to how the machine should be threaded to work!  All you have to do is study the threading sewing guide PRINTED ON THE MACHINE to know the gold thread is incorrect!  You would think this would have been caught before posting this picture online in an attempt to sell the machine!"
"Below you will see my original review.  Over the past month I have really started using this machine.  The thread snaps, the bobbin is CONSTANTLY getting dislodged and the bobbin casing rotates to unusable.  The machine gets tangled and I am really not sure what I could be doing wrong.  Sometimes it just won't stitch.  The top will go but not the bobbin.  And it completely hates my black thread. All other colors seem to eventually be able to be used but not the black thread.  All of my thread is the same weight and the same brand.  Darndest thing ever.  I will be returning this machine.  It is sad to go from soooo very happy to so completely frustrated and fed up with a product.

Original Review:
I bought this machine a few months ago and have looked at it many times getting up the nerve to try this daunting task.  I never had the sewing part of home-ec so I have lived my entire adult life with people teasing me about not knowing how to sew.  I can crochet like nobody's business, have taught myself how to knit and paint with watercolors...so it was time to tackle this apparent handicap.  I took the machine out and I bought a pattern and all the materials.  I sat down and got a brainstorm idea.  I cast aside the pattern with wild abandon.  I cut a rectangle out of the material and I folded it over.  I stitched (in what I consider a pretty darn close to straight line) up two sides all the way and then stitched the third most of the way.  I pulled the material through, found a funnel, filled it with rice and lavender and a few other herbs.  I then stitched up the little hole at the end that I had left for myself.  I then sat smiling as I looked at my brand new heating pad that I had made for myself.  Thanks to this machine I have finally conquered my inability to sew.  I have mastered making aromatherapy rice heating pads.  I have put that heating pad in the microwave for two minutes and used it to soothe away my tense muscles and achy ankles.  Thank you Michley for making my lifelong achilles heal a thing of the past!"
This little machine is perfect for a five to seven year old child who shows interest in learning to sew. I know this because my 5 year old grand daughter is in love with this machine. Price is not much more than one would pay for a toy sewing machine but comes without the frustration of trying to learn on or use a toy machine. Stitches are even and the speed is slow enough that it will not get away from the child. The stitch selection is an added attraction for the young sewer.
"It worked Perfect for me, even on large projects.  Best of all, I didn't have to spend a lot of money to purchase such a remarkable machine.  I had no issues at all using it and all the jobs I used it for, they came out looking professionally done.  I was also surprised by the amount of projects I was able to get done with the threading that was already set up with the machine.  I can't believe such a little item was/is able to do so much."
"I had never used a sewing machine before I purchased the Michley LSS-505.  I bought it to hem pants that I bought from thrift stores.  The first machine that I received had problems threading the bobbin.  After contacting Amazon, I received a replacement within 3 days (including the weekend).  The replacement machine works like a charm and is perfect for hemming pants (including blind hem) and for beginners.  A few warnings: 1.  The instructions that come with the machine are not the best, and online video instructions through the manufacturer are in chinese, which can be quite frustrating for the beginner.  Fortunately, there are plenty of clips on Youtube for general sewing instructions and for the machine.  2.  The machine requires spools of thread that are smaller than the standard size.  3.  The machine does not seem to handle thicker layers, such as sideseams.  Careful handling and use of thinner materials (not jeans) should prevent any problems as a result of this issue.  Otherwise, a worthy machine for the price."
"The Lil' Sew & Sew sewing machine is perfect for crafts, small jobs and household sewing. The machine is simple to use, has all the basic stitches needed, and its small size makes it perfect for limited space. I don't have much room in my house, so this machine is great because I can take it out and put it away with ease. My only negative experience with it is that it doesn't have a very strong feed to it. Sometimes I feel like it's feeding very slow and not pulling the material through as fast/accurately as a larger one (such as my mother's Brother machine). Overall I really enjoy this little machine, so don't be fooled by it's little size!"
"For a cheap machine, it's not half bad. It's not an amazingly professional one but it does the job for the average sewer. I'm made a few skirts and dresses from this and I really enjoy the different stitch options. I would recommend this product! xx"
I should have listened to the other reviewers. I could not get this to work even after viewing all the youtube how to videos. The mechanism runs very rough and the thread continually broke. Not worth even the small amount I paid for it.
"I bought this machine for a 9-year old.

This is a great machine for the price.  I will say that I bought a toy Singer chain stitch machine for my daughter last Christimas.  It did not work at all.  Singer did not back the product and said I should return it to the store I bought it.  My daughter was extremely disappointed with her xmas gift.  The reviews on that machine speak for themselves--(I bought it from a craft store so didn't see bad reviews).  I'll never buy anything Singer again.  They know they are selling junk and don't care.  Okay now I vented about my purchase that is laying in the landfill.

Now, on to THIS machine!  LOVE IT!  This machine is a great first sewing machine for a child.  IT WORKS!  I tried this one before xmas so I wouldn't have a disappointed child again.  I was a little leary when it arrived in the mail because it was so lightweight.  I was concerned it would vibrate all over the table or it would be too junky to use.  I was wrong.  It came threaded and ready to go.  I tried a couple of the stitches and the reverse on standard quilters weight cotton.  It worked great.  You cannot adjust the stitch lengths.  There are several stitch patterns to choose from.  There are 2 straight stitch lengths.  It is also great because you can control it with a foot pedal or by a switch right on the machine.  It has a little light to light the work surface.  I showed it to my husband and he noted the motor sounds pretty strong.  I agree, it didn't seem to struggle sewing basic fabric.  Some reviews said you cannot use heavy fabrics.  I did not try.  For a beginner sewer, cotton is the easiest and most economical.  It'll work for that.  It is very small and compact.  It also comes in a cute box to make a kid's eyes light up.  Also, when threading the spots are numbered so you know where to go next with your thread.  I didn't mess with the tension knob.  It was set fine.

The negatives...
The foot pedal is ""Toyish"" in quality and small.  I used the hand control, it was easier for me.  I did not try the bobbin threader and thought of it after I had it all packed in the styrofoam again.  I did check it out.  It is made of plastic and may break easily.  Again, kind of toy quality.  I think these are both reasonable compromises for the price.  I have spent $40 on so many junky toys.  This is extremely high-quality in comparison for the price.

My Background with sewing...
I sew on my grandma's 1950's machine.  I make handbags, curtains and crafty items.  I am familiar with sewing and using machines.  I think this machine would be great to learn on.  It would also be good if you just need to hem a skirt or do a small project here and there.  I wouldn't buy this if you are planning on making a new wardrobe or slipcover for your couch.  I am adding this tidbit because sometimes expectations from the users are different.  I wouldn't think a $40 machine can ""do it all"".  This one will satisfy basic needs for small projects.  Thats why 5 stars.

As for my singer ripoff--I have 3 daughters that are all crafty and interested in sewing.  We'll never buy a Singer.  We are happy with this off-brand I have never heard of.  I hope this review helps somebody else"
"Ive had this machine for over a month and did many projects with is so far. It did sew threw some thick fabric the first week, but after that it would skip stiches and not work by the end of the month.
I thought it was done and wouldnt work again, but i was able to sew thin cotten fabric that same day.
So its okay for the price. I would say not reliable but if being used sporadically and not for too seriouse of a project its alright."
"Love it! Only issue I have is that even though everything is threaded right, it sometimes jams up and I'm not sure why.  Great for the price though. I've made a ton of things. the needle it comes with is really weak so you def need to get some better ones."
"I have some custom work pants that developed a tear in a seam.  They are quite expensive and I do not have anyone that can fix it for me.

I figured a small machine like this would be ideal to simply stitch the seam back up.  The price is right and amazon delivered it very quickly.

Well, it took me 2 hours to figure out how to thread the bobbin (the one on the bottom.)  The video on youtube was no help to me.  I was ready to return it but I eventually figured out what I was doing wrong.  You put the metal bobbin in and leave about 4"" of thread hanging down, pointed towards you and away from the machine.  Turn the manual knob on the right side of the machine counter-clockwise.  It will magically pick up the thread and bring it through the hole.  I don't understand how it does it but I swear that's all there is to it.  I kept turning the knob in the wrong direction and I also kept thinking I had to put the bobbin string into something.  You don't.

After I got it threaded with the color I needed, it really worked like a charm.  I fixed two pairs of pants quickly.  With that, the machine has paid for itself twice over.  I figure I'll let my daughter make her own stocking this year, something my mom did with me when I was a kid.

Cons:  The reverse button requires that you keep a hand on it to keep it in reverse.  I don't understand why that is.  I like to use to foot pedal to work the machine and I like to keep two hands on the fabric.  That reverse button requires a hand to hold it so I only have one hand on the fabric.  Easy to mess up that way.

It's small, it's lightweight, it's portable, it's cheap.  I'd buy it again."
"Real good price/quality benefit.
Great machine for beginners, easy to use! also has different levels and modes to choose from, even works on jeans."
"I'm a single guy with no experience at sewing. I needed something simple and easy to use for minor tasks. This is perfect. It has a good instruction booklet that let me start right up. It does everything that I needed it to do. If your needs are light weight, easy to use and inexpensive, this is as good as it gets."
"<div id=""video-block-R1RZHEZM7MG66"" class=""a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block""></div><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/E14fFWQz5WS.mp4"" class=""video-url""><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/71R6T0x7FmS.png"" class=""video-slate-img-url"">A review of the Lil' Sew and Sew. A superb and economic sewing machine."
"This item suits me well-an ocasional amateur user. It works like a full sized machine-it can sew thick layers of fabrics. I used it to add 2 inside pockets to my hoody sweatshirt. Including the wooly lining and the pocket folded edges, it can sew 6 layers of fabrics. It's especially good at closing the side opening of the pocket with dense (small) ZigZag stitches. It worths the price-$25.60.
I just don't know if it can do the button holes with the small Z stitch. I guess it can.
The drawback is there's a room to improve the instruction manual-a little bit too simple, missing some explanations, e.g. how to cut the threads after sewing.
Generally speaking, I like it!"
"It was a great sewing machine while it lasted, but then in the middle of my first project my sewing machine broke. Where the bobbin goes, that piece broke off and I had only had it maybe a week."
"I selected this ""lil"" sewing  machine to do basic mending on clothes.  When I got it out of the box, I liked that it was threaded and ready to go.  I also liked its small lightweight design.

The first day of sewing went along fairly well, except I discovered the machine only took a small spool of thread and not a regular sized spool of thread, which was very annoying.  So, I had to wind the thread myself onto the small spool.  In the end, I figured I could live with this annoyance.

The second day of sewing I spent 45% of my time having problems sewing 2 hems together, the equivalent of 4 layers of lightweight cotton.  Both the needles that came with the machine broke and I had to order new needles.  In addition, the thread kept snapping and getting all bound up in itself making a big thread mess.  Clearly, this was too much material for the machine.  So, I decided I would need to sew these portions of the clothing by hand.  In the end, I figured, this too was annoying, but given the cheap price of the machine, I would go ahead and do the extra work.  So i ordered more needles.

The third day of use, after my new needles arrived, I used the machine to sew only basic straight lines of two pieces of lightweight material together and hand sewed all other thicker portions of material.  It worked okay at first, but then started skipping large portions of stitches and getting all knotted up.  I spent about 75% of my time trying different things to get is working, but after a few hours, it wouldn't sew at all.  When I looked a little harder, I realized the bobbin holder had come out of it case (not the bobbin, the holder in the machine that the bobbin sits in) after spending several hours messing around, I figured out the plastic bobbin holder does NOT fit well in its shell and this was not something I could fix.  It was a debilitating design flaw.  So, now the machine is basically inoperable.

So, I must now see if they will take this machine back and whether they will or not, I have to buy a new sewing machine.  This was a complete waste of money.  I am going to try the Brother machine next.  Hopefully it will do better."
This is a great little sewing machine. It is just the right size for me and well constructed with features found in full-size sewing machines. Mine came packaged with two spools of white thread and one spool of black thread and three bobbins - 2 white and one black. The machine came threaded and ready to use with white thread and a bobbin with white thread inserted. I'm starting over again in Florida and needed an affordable machine for basic sewing and mending jobs. This one is perfect. I highly recommend it.
"this machine worked great the first time i used it. i successfully sewed two pillows and it gave me the confidence to keep sewing. however, upon trying a second time, the needle would not pick up the bobbin thread. after opening up the bobbin door, i realized that the thread is not catching, either due to a timing problem or something else. for $25 its not worth it to repair it. but it is worth it to spend a bit more on a nicer machine. singer makes a similar model to this (probably the same exact machine) and it seems many people on the singer website are having the same issue with the needle picking up the bobbin thread. if it works, it works well. but if you can afford it, spend 40-60 more and get a much better machine."
"I bought Sew & Sew machine and when I received it, it would sew.  It was most likely damaged in shipping.  I have tried to call the company to see if they would replace it or tell me where I can get it fixed. They are not very repliable due to the fact that they will not contact clients"
"I recieved this item very quickly from amazon and it worked nicely on small items. Unfortunately I wanted to use it to sew thicker items (specifically adjusting bras) and the machine could not handle the thickness. It also has a very small area for the thread to go, and when I tried to use my own thread, I found the spool to be too big. When I put the spool onto the holder on the machine it snapped off, leaving me with nowhere to put my thread.

So, if you're looking for a small simple machine for small jobs, this is great, but if you want to do anything thicker or use larger spools of thread you may want something a little bigger and more powerful."
"As a frequent mover I have used machines from sewing genie to shark pro & singer. This time I didn't want to invest much for the few projects I had in mind & I bought this. I would not regret the purchase & the new small projects ideas keep popping in my head :)
Pros
1. Works well for the price, no problems so far
2. All the 8 patterns work
3. the bobbin threading & all is easy breezy
4. forward & reverse buttons work without any issues & are easy
5. no problems like constant needle breakings or noncoordination between the bobbin & thread spool which lead to clunks of thread, the main problems I faced with sewing genie sized machines
6. clever features like LED sewing light & built in scissors
7. Although manual recommends using light weight material, I used a heavy outdoor material once & it worked fine (just changed the needle for the material)
8. The machine is light weight. My 3 year old can pick the machine & help me.

Cons
1. The stitching chains do not come out evenly, it requires a gentle pull from the output side to keep the clothes moving. the machine's part that is suppose to move the cloth is not doing its job.
2. The bobbin winder needs some work, it does not evenly wind in the bobbin. One might want to hold the thread in the fingers during winding to get an even distribution of thread.

For less than 30$ this is a best buy just to keep it in the house for quick mends or easy projects or a gift to a young adult or novice. If you are thinking of buying a sewing genie sized machine, then do save your sanity by buying this product."
"its very handy and i love it, the tread breaks some time, but works fine need just a little adjustment."
"[...]
Great product, great price. Even though it is a small sewing machine it works on any type of material. It has saved me lots of money."
"I ordered this as a first time ""sew-er"" and sewing machine user. I managed to get it up and running out of the box in less than ten minutes with the help of a you tube video on set up that I found in a few other reviews (on the tivax.com website). As for the machine... I got a 12 stich machine that is probably much bigger than the one listed but maybe better? I am being optimistic here. As for my 4 star rating... I give this four stars because the one I got is not EXACTLY the one listed but seems to be working just fine. I hope this helped!"
"This is the third sewing machine I own. The first two I left in the houses I used to live in because they were just too big and heavy to take in an airplane flight everytime I move. So, I bought this because it is small and portable. The first time I used it, I thought it was broken because the thread kept on breaking everytime I start sewing and the bobbin won't move. Although I read the manual beforehand (I knew I did everything correctly), I still decided to watch the video available on-line which is amazingly easy to follow, but I still get the same problem. Now, I figured out that the only problem was the circular ""cap"" on top of the thread spool. I pushed it down too tight, thus, the spool won't turn. When I loosen it up, it's working as expected. I read a lot of comments with the bobbin not turning, that the machine is broken, I believe this is the main problem. I never really tried sewing without the ""cap"" but probably it's ok not to use it  anyway if you would prefer that. All in all, this is a good machine but a simple unconscious move like pushing the cap too tight might make you think that it's broken and a waste of your time and money, but it is not. I would recommend buying this."
I've bought this sewing machine and it stopped working as soon as we started to use it.  I've never seen such a poorly made sewing machine.  Everything is made out of plastic and nothing is working.  I've tried to contact the shipper and then the customer service - forget it.  Do not buy this sewing machine.
"This little machine is perfect. I was worried that it wouldn't do what I needed it to, but it does! I make hooded towels for others, and so I really needed a machine that could handle three to for layers of towel PLUS one to two layers of ribbon. And this little machine does! I'll admit it took about 30 minutes to figure out how to thread it, but thank goodness there is a helpful little video on youtube.

[...]

The ONLY downside is the horrible yellow thread it comes with. I can use the orange and blue, because I'm making products for children. But the yellow is just gaudy."
I was very skeptical after reading the reviews for this product but I'm so glad I bought it anyway! I have had several sewing machines in the past and this one is just as good. I love the fact that it is small because it makes it really easy to store. It comes already threaded and ready for you to sew. There are instructions provided to re-thread the bobbin and a link to a video to watch. I have read several reviews about the types of fabric you can't sew with this machine but I have not had a problem with the variety of fabrics I have used. This is a great machine for a beginner or someone who just does little projects here and there like myself. It does not have all the bells and whistles I have had on some of my other machines but I have not missed them. Great product!! Don't let the other reviews scare you away!
I bought this product a month back. The thread keeps on breaking each and every time i use the machine. I had also tried adjusting the thread tension dial and i'm fed up of threading the needle every time it breaks. I bought this product as it is cheap and i don't do extensive stitching.  The needle broke the second day i start stitching. Waste of money. Please do not buy this product.
Arrived VERY early which is great! Brand new as described. It was packaged neatly. Now I just need to learn how to sew. I love it!
This machine is more like a toy for kids - it can sew not too thick (not enough power to get thru) not too thin fabric (not enough power to hold pieces together).
"I picked up this machine when it was on sale for $35 so that I could get reaquainted with sewing and it was definitely worth it.

It's perfect for beginners but I found the consistency of the
stitching and tension to be suitable for light professional work too. It's easy to find parts and doesn't jam much if you use a decent quality thread. It also can run on batteries (4AA i think).

It's a bit noisy if you are used to the newer quiet machines. Initial threading was
a bit confusing but there are youtube videos that clearly demonstrate how to do it.
Also the machine doesn't accomadate spools of thread larger than 250 yards.

My only gripe is no preset button holes...but hey it was $35."
"I used to sew almost everyday using my industrial sewing machine at home because I used to study fashion. I sold mine few years ago since I don't do fashion anymore. This is almost perfact to use for small things at home. I could make shower curtain, heming the pants... This doesn't have bunch of functions but for the basic stitching, it's perfect!"
"I just want to do simple stitching.  But this machine simply does not work.  It breaks threads, skips stitches, and jams the bobbin.  I returned it Amazon immediately.  Please do not try it out.  It is a waste of time."
This machine does not work!  I went just past the 30 days and now I can't return it.  It's going in the trash!
"The Lil' Sew & Sew looks cute and like the real thing but when you try to sew with it, it will only sew a few stitches and then stops. Then you have start over, tread the needle, untangle the bobbin and and catch the bobbin thread again. This makes sewing for an adult frustrating and when your attempting to teach a kid how to sew it ruins the fun of making stuff.
I bought it in advance of a grandaughter's birthday and by the time I made a trip (200 miles and a rental car) to see her and take machine, find out it didn't work and then try to return it, it was past the time (30 days I believe) that Amazon would allow  me return it. While I was visiting, I took our grandaughter to buy herself another birthday present  and I believed I would have no trouble sending the machine back. But no, without responding to the fact that I had made a special trip to visit and teach our grandaughter on a machine that didn't work and then let her pick out something else, Amazon sent me another machine. I am back at home and our grandaughter is happy with the present she picked out. I really want my money back and I already have a sewing machine that works. I'm going to ask again for a refund and to return the machine."
"Well, I travelled to Manila, Philappines and brought my Brother sewing machine with me.  Upon arrival, I plugged it in and it came to life - for a moment.  I killed it.  Then I got online and ordered the Michley.  It was delivered to my hotel room in the time that was told me.  I expected small, and it was.  No suprises there.  I un-packed and set it up to sew.  I plugged it in and it, too, stopped working.  Seems the person that told me that there were auto voltage converters in our rooms was not correct.  I killed this machine too.

In the time it was working (albiet 10 seconds), it sprang to life and sounded good.  Sounded better, really, than I expected.  For some reason I thought it would sound like one of those little hand held hemming contraptions.  But this sounded more 'substantial' than it's appearance lent.

I can't say how the stitches are because, unfortunately, I didn't get that far.

I do think, however, that I would try one again to take on a trip, a US trip."
Considering the price I thought it would just be manageable. To my surprise it functioned excellently. It is particularly good for a begineer learning how to sew but yet it can sew quite a few bit of different clothing materials.
"very nice sewing machine, I like to patch my on jeans ,or trousers ,this machine is ferfet for the sometimes repairs ,if you are a every day sewing !!! this is not for you!!!for that you need to pay big money for the a more serious Sewing Machines .."
"I'm very happy with this sewing machine. I haven't used a machine in years so I needed one that was simple to operate. It came with a nice kit full of string, scissors, bobbins, etc... and I was able to get it up and running fairly easily considering I'm out of practice. I don't have the space for a large one so this one is perfect for me. I like the fact that you can use so many different stitch types which was a quality the other small sewing machines I researched lacked. I've used it on several small projects and so far haven't had any problems."
"I have been sewing for many years, I have a regular size sewing machine that I love but I wanted something small that I can carry and use for little things and this machine is great for that.  The price was right I didn't want to spend a lot for what I am going to use it for.  A sewing machine is something that you will use for a very long time if you can afford it you should buy a larger and better one around $100 I have a Kenmore and have been using this brand for years.  If you are a beginner it will take some time to get use to but once you have you will have fun making pillows, purses, totes and so much more.  This is a good beginner machine at a good price I would recommend this to a friend, good luck and have fun with all your projects."
"1st machine had an issue with the bobbin mechanism. (the stitching on the reverse side was winding up as a wad of thread rather than a seam)
Quick and easy swap with the returns department and all is well! Great little machine at a fantastic price point."
"I am not a sewer and this product was too flimsy and cheaply made.  It can ONLY be used on fabric that is no thicker than t-shirt type.  The bobbin and needle jam so it won't go down.  My husband tried to fix it but to no avail.  I returned it for a refund, which amazon did very easily."
broke before evening sewing one line. The take up lever broke and as such doesn't allow the machine to sew.  Glad I didn't waste a lot of money on this thing but still sad.  I knew it wouldn't be a wonderful machine for $40 but didn't think it would be that junky don't waste your money.
"I don't write a lot of reviews.  I'm writing this one to hopefully help anyone who has the same problem I was having and that is the tangling of the thread from beneath as the machine sews and does about four stitches before it locks.

I tried the machine with the original yellow thread that was installed on it and the machine worked perfect.  I then installed my khaki thread and started having trouble.  I couldn't figure out the problem and nobody in the reviews offered any advise, but I saw a few reviewers who called the machine junk and it is my guess they were having the same problem I was having.

Any how, to the solution:  I found that at step two of the thread setup, my thread had actually gotten loose from that probably when I was threaded the needle and I hadn't noticed it.  So when you are checking your machine, make sure the thread is running exactly along the whole path it is suppose to according to the video and manual.  Once I fixed the problem at step two, my khaki thread worked perfectly in the machine and I was able to stitch my new pair of pants in true-male fashion, in other words in a crocked line *not the machine's fault*.

I highly recommend this machine to anyone who is thinking of getting a sewing machine.  I don't know how great it will work with tougher cloth, I just used it to hem my dress pants that were too long and it worked perfectly."
"This sewing machine is great for the price, but not if you are looking for something to sew big projects with, then you are out of luck. This sewing machine is great for small projects, but the tension is a nightmare! I was so frustrated by the time I was done getting the tension somewhat right, that I wasn't even in the mood to sew anything! If you are an experience sewer, then maybe the tension won't cause you any problems, but for a beginner like me it was really difficult!"
"This is my first sewing machine ever (and the last time I used a sewing machine was in high school home ec) and I'm just learning how to work it. I haven't done any projects yet, but I have been playing around with it quite a bit.
Its very easy to thread and I especially recommend watching the set up video (I found it on youtube, just type in the model and its there). The machine is lightweight and the perfect size for me, and I like that it has the ten stitch options unlike other similar machines that only do a straight stitch.
Also, from the reviews I expected it to only be able to handle thin cotton fabric, but I've practiced using two layers of felt and there was no problem.
I recommend this machine to anyone who is interested in sewing and would like a basic machine that isn't intimidating.
I'm not sure how many stars to give it, I didn't give all 5 because I have yet to do a project. However, the machine was just what I was expecting and I was not disappointed by it at all."
I love this thing very easy to use the youtube video was very helpful Alot of people said it doesn't do denim but it works well with the cheap thin denim. I love this machine and would recommend it anybody!!!
"Not only did it break right away, but AMAZON HAS YET TO ISSUE ME A REFUND FOR MY RETURNED ITEM."
"I find that about once or twice a year I wish a had a sewing machine to do something reasonably basic.  My mother taught me to sew on her nice sewing machine when I was a kid, but I didn't want anything so bulky or expensive.  This machine fits the bill.  It works basically just like my mom's does.  It may be small and lightweight, but it's reasonably heavy duty and multifunctional.  It was even able to handle sewing through two layers of standard towels no problem.  And when I'm done, it packs back up into it's box and is stowed away in my closet.

The directions are pretty minimal, but like I said, it works just like my mom's so that wasn't a problem for me.  I even changed the thread; no problem.  I will note that the foot pedal is very light weight so it will shift out of place and point in the wrong direction if you let your foot off of it.  However it works great, and I can't say I expect something heavy and solid like my mom's.  When I first got the machine I thought the reverse didn't work, until I realized that the lever catches a bit so you have to make sure it's really pushed down.  Now that I'm used to it, it's no problem.

I really like that this machine comes ready to use out of the box and even with some spare thread, bobbins and needle.  Interestingly it comes with yellow, orange and light blue thread, not more useful colors like black and white.  However this is very minor and for what I do, the thread color doesn't matter anyway.

Bottom line, if you're looking for something small but functional for occasional use, I highly recommend this machine."
"I got this sewing machine because I wanted to start sewing my own clothes but didn't want to spend a lot of money on a machine in case I didn't stick with it. I have had this machine for almost a month and it has been perfect. I have already sewn 5 items, all different types of fabric, and it has worked great. I like the machine because it is light and compact. I live in a small house and sew at the kitchen table so it is easy for me to stash this machine away when I'm not using it. I watched youtube videos on this machine and similar ones since the instructions were a little lacking. I had trouble setting up to tread my bobbin, but once I figured it out it was easy. I have not had any of the problems others have had. I have bought new bobbins and they work great. All in all, I think this machine is a great buy for beginning sewers and the price is unbeatable."
"I was very impressed with this sewing machine, and all the little fixtures that came with it. It works perfect! I have some prior experience with sewing machines, so I was ok jump starting the sewing adventure! I started with altering my pair of jeans and then trimmed and altered my husband's dress pants. Why the 4 stars then...well, they worked very well, although I could feel the needle bend in places where the pants had its joints. So I had to skip the joints and work around them (I was trimming the legs of the pants). Other than that, the only other (little) annoying thing was the colors of thread that come with the machine and the bobbins. It would be great if the manufacturer can stick with neutral colors like black and white and leave the third bobbin empty! It was a pain un-threading and re-threading the bobbins.
Apart from these small things, I really liked this little machine. I want to make small alterations at home, without spending a fortune! Loved this machine and it definitely does what it claims to do! I definitely recommend it."
"The sewing machine is a nice, small size but it didn't work correctly.  The bobbin thread kept getting tangled up and the owners manual didn't explain it very well at all."
"I really enjoy the small portability of the machine. I had to watch the video to learn how to thread it but then it was easy. I have been using it for a couple months now. No real problem except it does tangle sometimes, but it is easy to fix and continue. I have made 2 quilts with it and it is still working so i think it was a good buy."
"I just bought this machine last week and I have to say that I am impressed with it and love it more for the price.  It appears exactly as in the picture.  I bought it because I thought that I would start to tailor my own clothes instead of spending hundreds of dollars in tailors for simple hemming and alterations.  This little machine has done the job for me!  My only dislike about the system is that the thread comes in unusable colors.  It would be more helpful if the preloaded thread was black and/or white and if the manufacture would provide empty metal bobbins and spools so that you can add your own thread to suit the machine.  Other than that, I have been able to alter thin materials with heavy beading and work (Indian Suits) as well as sew thicker fabrics such as corduroy without any issues.  In the past few days I have already altered more than 6 items of clothing.  I have also been able to use full size spools for sewing which is a relief!  For a beginner sewer, this machine is perfect to practice with and takes up such a small amount of space plus it is a great value."
"Bought this for my Mother-in-law. She is so happy!
It is lightweight. Does  everything expected from a Sewing Machine very easy to operate..."
"For my purposes I absolutely love this little sewing machine.  I only want to be able to do the little things (hem pants, repair a seam, etc.). I actually bought this machine because I had 12 king size pillow cases (600 thread count) that I wanted to convert to standard size.  I don't use king size pillows so when I buy a new set of sheets I used to have to throw away the pillow cases and buy a separate set of standard cases.  600 thread count pillow cases are not cheap, so I finally decided to buy this machine and just this morning I converted those 12 king size pillow cases to standard size and it was a breeze!  I just pulled this little guy out and set it on my bed in front of me and away I went, simple!  I used the foot peddle as a hand peddle, or I just turned it on at the base and let it go so I could use both hands to guide the article.  As for threading the machine, yes I do have to wear my extra magnifying reading glasses.  But it's not that bad, and since the size and mobility was the most important thing to me, I can deal with a little hassle to run the thread. And the machine paid for itself already in not having to replace those 12 pillow cases."
"Bought this machine to do simple repairs and sewing at my holiday villa (did not want a big machine) and it does do the job but it has got to be the slowest machine in the world using the foot pedal - it does have a finger switch for fast or slow - which is faster than using the foot pedal but difficult to turn off accurately as need two hands to manipulate the cloth etc thru the machine.

Would I buy it again, possibly not but I would recommend for someone starting out and really like the fact it has zig zag as well as straight stiches and its not a chain stitch."
"it's a really piece of junk. I have some experience using machine, i tried all the way, and was impossible to do something.  Don't waste your money.

No te hagas ilusiones con lo bonita que se ve, espera a comprar una maquina real."
"I was really surprised how incredibly small this machine really was. I knew it would be small but this was a lot smaller than I imagined it. It works pretty nice, gets stuck on some fabrics because of how small it was. It's great for someone who only wants to do some hemming and very little sewing or for young children. If you want to do a lot of sewing I would recommend spending a little bit more for a bigger machine."
"The machine seems interesting, however, when i got it, I found the problem. The needle failed to line up with the hole on the base, so the needle couldn't go down enough to sew. I required the refund. I think probably i'm just unlucky, maybe it is not the common situation for this product."
"I ordered this product because I don't really know how to sew, so I wanted something that was easy and affordable.  In a way, that worked against my favor because the item checked out on me one night and me and my friend were having issues with the bobbin.  We were at it for hourssssss until finally I said ""I'll just return it for another one.""  So I did and haven't had any issues with it.

What I do recommend is using thin/light fabrics.  This isn't meant for fleece or anything like that.  But it's perfect for learning and making light items.  I've made a lace headband and plan on making chiffon skirts and cotton tanks."
"I bought this machine after reading many reviews for many sewing machines including ""toy machines"" and very expensive professional ones. I received this yesterday and tried it immediately. Instructions are short and simple. I got it sewing within first 5 minutes (THIS IS MY FIRST PURCHASE AND USE OF ANY SEWING MACHINE). The stitch patterns are fairly good for such an inexpensive piece. Easy to operate and is neat. Since I just received it, I cannot tell you if there is a problem with bobbin changing..etc. It came exactly as shown with that same bright orange sample cloth showing all the stitches the machine is capable of sewing.
ONLY DRAWBACK AFTER FIRST 5 Min OF USE is only two speeds (high / low while autorunning) and no speed control while foot pedal controlled run. But the speeds are workable.
Lastly, it is loud. But with that price and the sewing capabilities so far, I can live with that noise!"
"This is an excellent machine for anyone wanting a light, portable unit. It would also make a good beginner's machine. I tested mine out by darning a pair of jeans. It handled the stitches well and had even spacing.
  I would recommend purchasing better thread than what arrives with the machine. Cheap thread will fray and gum up the bobbin area, causing all sorts of tension issues. If this happens, remove the screws from the tension plate and clean the area out with compressed air. (It's easier just to buy high-quality thread)
  Would I replace my regular machine with this? No.
Will I use this often for on-the-fly repairs and scrapbooking? Absolutely."
"I was looking for a small sewing machine that didn't take much experience to use because I am a beginner. Well, the Lil Sew n' Sew was exactly what I needed. It comes already set up in the box and ready for use. I have been able to do many articles of clothing without a problem. The only reason I did not give it five stars was because of the direction. They were very basic and did not give the size of the bobbin need for the machine, but that can be easily found elsewhere. Overall, the Lil Sew and Sew was a great buy at a great price."
"Good machine. Bought it because it was small and cheap. Easy to use, lightweight, and durable. The only complaint I have is that for thicker materials, the needles break. I would buy some singer replacement needles (look on amazon). I think people who are beginners at the art of sewing and need a small and cheap machine should buy it!"
"I wanted an affordable mini sewing machine for small crafts and occasional use, not a big, expensive sewing machine. This adorable little thing is perfect for my needs.

The first thing to note is how small it is. It's really, really cute and doesn't take up much space at all. It's portable and can use batteries or an included adaptor, and also comes with a little foot pedal as well. It comes with 3 spools/bobbins in Orange, Yellow, and Light Blue thread plus a spare needle and a needle threader. All the spare supplies fit perfectly in the little built-in storage compartment. The machine also has 8 different stiches, a tiny sewing light, and a built-in bobbin threader.

I've barely touched a sewing machine since 7th grade Home Ec, but I thought the threading instructions were pretty self-explanatory. There are step-by-step Youtube video instructions, but I really appreciated the numbered infographic printed on the sewing machine itself. Everything was designed to be easy to follow, and I thought it was very intuitive and uncomplicated.

So far, I've hemmed a table cloth and made a change purse and a wallet. I've also experimented with each of the stitches on scrap cloth. It works great. Runs smoothly, and does what it's supposed to. It doesn't work on thick fabrics like fleece, but it's not supposed to. A lot of the other mini sewing machines on Amazon have gotten horrific reviews (horrible function, plastic gears), but I can attest that this one works like it was designed, and has metal parts inside.

I love my mini sewing machine, and I love working on it. It's everything I wanted, including the price. If you're looking for something small, basic, and affordable, the Michley Lil Sew & Sew is exactly want you need."
I bought this for my mom and she loved it..it makes a great gift for any one who loves to sew. It's easy to use and move around also makes perfect stitches.
"I got this machine to hem pants and it couldn't even do that.  I bought some bobbins in the correct color (it only comes with bright yellow thread) and even when you transfer the thread to the bobbin it comes with, the threads break about 10 stitches later.  Extremely dissapointed.  Piece of junk. Save your money!!!!!!!!!!!"
This is the best little machine I have ever purchased. They are easy for the girls to learn on and it really works as well as my big Singer. They are very user friendly and the girls love them.
"At first I was a little wary with all the reviews. Some said it did not work. Some said bobbins were a problem. I waited a month or so and used it extensively before I decided to review it so it would be accurate.

Firstly, the machine is very easy to thread. There is an instructional video on their website:

 [...]  (Look for LSS 505 under 'Sewing Machines')

This was extremely helpful for me as it was the first time I've ever owned/used a sewing machine in my life and did not for the life of me understand the intricacies of threading and tension. Make sure you follow the threading instructions to the key, or the machine will jam. Threading it the right way will solve this problem.

Secondly, the machine has a bobbin winder with an instructional pamphlet on how to get it working (again, a necessity for a sewing dummy like me). I got it working just fine and substituted the bobbins with the thread I actually wanted.

Thirdly, all of the patterns on the machine work. I tested them all out on some scrap fabric as I noticed some low-end sewing machines tend to advertise more patterns than they actually have (such as the Singer Pixie Plus).

The machine is cute and small. If you're looking for a heavy weight substitute for your Singer/Brother, this is not the machine for you. If you're looking to do some simple hemming and stitching with light fabrics such as cotton, this is the machine for you.

If you substitute the bobbins, look for something similar in size and material. This machine uses metal bobbins. There are some generic metal bobbins which are exactly the same sold at JoAnn's. These have worked for me.

So far I have hemmed and sewn two 24 x 24 inch decorative pillow covers and it still works perfectly. I have substituted the bobbins, wound up and prepared new bobbins and threaded and re-threaded multiple times with no problems. If your stitches look like a loose line, check the tension dial on the needle.

To wrap things up, I'm honestly not sure what the fuss is about concerning this machine since it has worked like a dream for me. I highly recommend this for a first sewing machine!"
"Okay First off this machine is a little version of the big ones and the price is well worth it. I gave it 3 stars because it takes some time to get it working right. When I first started fiddling around with it out of the box it worked great on the little piece of fabric that came with it. After that I tried using some of my own fabrics and my string kept breaking, so I adjusted the tension and then my stitches didn't come out right. After playing around with it for hours trying to figure out what was wrong with this machine I about gave up on it. Then I realized something I played around with different types of fabrics and different stitches to rule out that there was something wrong with this machine. Well first I knew the fabric sample it came with worked fine, I don't know if it was twill or just cotton or what but it's kind of thick when folded over. I then tried some cotton/spandex ribbed fabric and it just wouldn't stitch right. I adjusted tension and made sure I stretched the fabric as sewing and my stitches were just awful, it was kind of like the needle was sticking to spandex and getting stuck. Third I tried just a regular Hanes brand t-shirt out of my drawer to see if it would sew through it and it was fine. So I've come the the conclusion that some fabrics are good and some are not. This would make a good little craft making machine. I was going to make some shirts but my fabric won't cut it so I'll have to find something else that works. I have some Polyester fabric and some old blue jeans to try. I'll keep this updated and I hope this helps, some! There is a Singer version of this machine it's called the Pixie and it looks exactly like this one except it's got other colors on it. So it's basically the same thing. Saw one on display at Meijer's.

*UPDATE 1*
Used this little machine on a pair of old jeans that are still strong, fabric material is 57% Ramie 24% Cotton 17% Polyester and 2% Spandex (Angel's Brand Jeans.) When folded up, like into a hem, the machine went through all pieces just fine with stitch 6 tension 7 now that's not a setting I would use if I planed on wearing them I would use probably stitch 8 to allow for stretch but it did fine considering the jeans have spandex in them. The needle did go through where the jeans are sewn on the sides but it was slow and bogged the machine. After, getting through that it was fine. I did break my string but that was human error, LoL! The more I use this and get an understanding about it I'm starting to like it."
"Don't waste your time on this machine.  I had a normal full-size sewing machine that needed an expensive repair, and since I rarely use it I thought it would be more cost-effective for me to buy this cheap one.  I was never even able to use it.  When I got it I tried some practice stitching to see how it worked, and it seemed to be fine, but as soon as I tried to change the thread it broke down.  It will stitch about 3 stitches and then just stops dead.  I can't figure out what is wrong with it - even when I tried again with their provided thread it won't work.  I've sewn before and I'm not an expert but not a complete novice either, and in my opinion this machine was a total waste of time.  Save your money."
I bought the Sew & Sew for craft card making. The fact you can only use small spools of thread and just a specific hard to find size was dissappointing. I was also dissappointed that the bobbin is hard to find making the colors I sew with very limited of thread wasted. the auto stitch is hard to use and even on the slowest speed is hard to control.
"I'm really pleased with this product. Not perfect, but it's definitely worth the money paid for it. I need a sewing machine for mending occasionally. this product definitely meet my expectation. If you need a quiet sewing machine, then this one is not what you want.  this machine makes quite noise.  But it works pretty well and very easy to operate."
"I am a single male who really just wanted a simple machine for simple repairs.  Right out of the box, the needle hit the metal foot plate and broke the needle.  I could not get the plate moved back enough to keep that from happening again.  I didn't have any more than two needles, but I thought it would be a waste of time to purchase any more.  My machine was so poorly built that I didn't think it was even worth returning for another one.  I scrapped the machine and have gone back to sewing repairs by hand."
functional? yes.. VERY basic.. easy to use.. not great quality.. (then again it is cheap.. seems flimsy.. tension keeps messing up.. Ive had it for 2 weeks.. 2 blankets and a dress later I am DEF saving for a better machine. This can get you by but if you have a hobby of sewing this isn't for you.
"It works very well, did all that I need to do.  It was a bit messy if you adjust the tension, it's better not to touch it.  I had to refund 2 sewing machines from other brands, this one is the one that I keep."
This machine sucks dosent even come with all the parts ... item sent back !!!
Perfect for my grandson
Frustrating now that the thread is out I have no way of knowing how to rethread this thing... anyone knows of a youtube video I can follow?  Should have just went with a Singer which has a great user-base thus have community pages that can help me.
Am a beginner with two toddler sons.... I was trying to sew in brother CS6000i my son wanna to try.... he finished two tiny pillows on brother.... so today I brought him tis today.... will update soon how its working...
bobbin cover was missing
I bought this 40 day ago. I used only once and the power adapt is no longer working and the bottom is not threatening anymore. I got in the touch with Tivax support they said there is nothing they can do. Bought it for $69 dollars waste of money very upsetting.
"Great machine for beginners/children. I did have some issues here and there. It's not of the best quality, but for the price you can't beat it!"
"I've had this machine before. Unfortunately someone was clumsy with it ( to pour it nicely) And it was crushed. Not that its fragile they were just very careless with it. Anyway. It is a great little machine. Very portable. Has a lot more that it can do than i expected. The reason why i gave it 3 stars is because the one i received this time - i bought used - was missing a few parts. Nothing major was missing, but if you know anything about machines you'll know that even the tiniest piece missing can throw the whole thing out of whack, making it impossible to work with. Luckily for me i was able to figure out ways to replace the parts. Other than that the machine is awesome."
"it was good while it lasted. I bought this mid 2016, I don't sew a whole lot (probably used it about 3 times total) so I figured get a a basic machine. Read the reviews and they seemed alright. Now the bobbin thing doesn't catch so its completely useless. This seems to be a recurring theme with all these bad reviews of this product. I usually don't review things, but buyer beware"
Is a toy.
